################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - The Unveiled Mercy Seat - Bro. William Borlovan on April 19th, 2025 - William Borlovan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-19
Title:   "The Unveiled Mercy Seat" - Bro. William Borlovan on April 19th, 2025
Speaker: William Borlovan
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PshliCCXTP4
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] We are He knows my name. When I am overwhelmed by the pain, can't see the light of day. I know I'll be more or less again. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear. Oh, I cry. He knows my name. I'm overwhelmed. The pain. He see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store, but I don't know a lot of things. and the answers to the questions of life. But I know in whom I have and he knows my name. Oh, every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, and he knows my name. And I am overwhelmed by the pain. You can't see the light of day. will be just fine. Amen. Aren't you glad that he knows your name this evening? Every step that we would ever take. Amen. Sing a song. I know it was a blood. I know it was a blood for me. Aren't you glad of that blood tonight? Well, I know it wasn't blood. Well, I know it was a blood. Well, I know it was a blood for me. One day when I was lost, when he died upon that cross and I know it was a blood for me. Oh, there's healing in the blood. Oh, there's healing in the blood. Oh, there's healing in the blood for me. Oh, one day when I was lost, for he died upon that cross and I know it wasn't blood for me. There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood. There's power in the blood for me. Oh, when I was lost, but he died upon that cross. And I know it was a blood for me. I know it was a blood. And I know it was a love. Well, I know it was a blood. Well, I know it was a love for me. [Music] One day when I was lost, well, he died upon that cross and I know it won't. Oh, there's power, power, power. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, the lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Oh, holy lamb. Oh, there is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. Just worship him. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Aren't you glad you have the victory this evening? Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. My mine. Well, I told Satan, you better get behind cuz of victory today. It is mine. Healing is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Oh, healing is mine. Oh, healing from the Lord is my my Well, I told Satan, you better get behind because of healing from the Lord, it is mine. I woke up this morning. Well, I woke up this morning. No, I did not have a doubt. Well, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Well, so I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." Well, I got to sing and shout, "Victory." Oh, victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory today. It is my mind will lie to Satan. You better get leave behind cuz the victory today it is mine. The rapture is mine. Oh the rapture it is mine. Oh the rapture it is mine. Oh the rapture of the bride. It is mine. my life. When life told Satan, you better get deep behind cuz the rapture of the bride, it is mine. Sing I woke up this morning. When I woke up this morning, oh, I did not have a doubt. Oh, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. So I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me please." I got to sing and shout, "Victory." Let's sing that. Victory is ours tonight. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. Mine. Oh, I told Satan, you better get the behind cuz the victory today is mine. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad you have the victory this evening? Let's sing that song. Those were my nails. [Music] How [Music] why is your love that you would stretch your arm and go around the world and for me the Savior's cry be heard. I don't know why you went where I was meant to go. I don't [Music] know. Why you love me so? Those were my nails. That was my cry. that pierce your hand in your ground. Those were my thorns. Those were my scorn. Those were my tears that fell down. And just as you said, you did it all for me. And after you counted the cross, you took my shame, my blame, oh my cross. How deep is your grace that you could see my need and choose to take my place and for me these words I need you to say father [Music] Oh, forgive me for the note to you. I will go because I love you [Music] so. Those were my nails. That was my crown. and pierce your hand and your pride. Those were my thoughts. Those were my scones. Those were my tears. And just as you said it would be, you did it all for me. And after you counted, you took my [Music] sh Aren't you glad that he took all of that for each and every one of us? Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, I want to continue to lift up our brother Clarence Morris, brother Roger Sailor, Sister Anne Sailor, also our sister Sarah Gooden that God would just continue to touch her and each and every one of them. I want to pray for our pastor, brother Ron Spencer as he will be speaking this evening there at Louisiana camp. So I want to pray for his strength and healing completely as well as our brother Andrew Spencer, sister Katie as they've traveled to New Zealand and those meetings there and um it's already Easter there. So they're in a new day and the sun has already risen there. So I get to listen to what he preached and I can just repreach it in morning. Amen. Take something, do something with it, right? Not really. But I want to pray for uh Sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife there dealing with that cancer. God would just completely touch her as well as our brother Bill Delaney. Want to continue to lift him up that God would just strengthen him. We want to be remembering our sister Sue Lambert. Uh she has hurt her leg. Um the one that has already been hurting her. So want to pray for her. She needs a real touch from the Lord. and they went to uh their granddaughter or grandson Spencer's birthday party. So, they won't be there this weekend. So, just be remembering each and every one of them that's traveling. How many would have an unspoken request? Also, we have a prayer request here. Uh please continue to pray for the people with cancer. where my brother-in-law Charles Bradley was moved to hospice uh house this week and given a few days to live. My cousin Scotty Arnold and my friend Elena Kesler. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. Amen. Let's just remember those requests and our prayers. I'm going to ask brother Jordan Martin if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace this evening. How many would have a need just say, "Lord, pass by my way this evening." [Music] Amen. Lord Jesus, how we thank you that we could gather like this. Thank for it's a beautiful day, Lord Jesus. As a wind blowing over the land, Lord, may your wind blowing here, Lord Jesus. That Holy Ghost wind just taking the cares off of us, Father. and setting us free from all the the troubles of the world, Father. We could look you right in the face. And Lord, you blow your breath upon us, Father, and fill each one with the Holy Ghost, Lord. And right now, we just ask for your healing, Father, your healing touch on Sister Sue and these cancers, Father. The devil's raised up his head, but Father, we know that you've got the last say, Lord. We're not looking forward to you raised from the dead tomorrow or you in the grave today and we're like hoping you come out tomorrow or or ignorant and not knowing what is going to happen. But Father, you've raised from the dead already. And Lord, your word said that that when you shed your blood, Lord Jesus, that it was for our our healing. We're already healed, Lord Jesus. We claim that blood for each and every one that is lifted up in need of you, Lord Jesus. We we lift it up to you, Father, from the needs in the body, Lord, and financial needs and all needs, Lord, from young and old, Father, as we as we grow uh in you, Lord, in ourselves and our character, in our person, and in the Holy Ghost, Father. You pour out your gifts, Lord, to use each and every one, Lord Jesus. And Brother Ron, you give him the strength, Lord, as supernatural strength, Lord. Use the gift to speak in a supernatural way, Lord. maybe to the last camp, Father, that the last camp like this the youth could have. We just pray, Lord, you pour out your spirit on the youth as they come hungering and desiring that they go home with a with an anchor and with a changed life, a changed heart, Father, giving them victory over their the families and the lives that they living in, Father, a light for you and a witness and a testimony that youth can stand in this day, stand pure and holy and stand in victory. Father just forgive us, Father, all our our failures and flaws. Father, we just thank you for looking through that blood at us, Lord Jesus. Give the service to you, Lord Jesus. Use Brother William in a special way and prepare Brother Matthew for tomorrow, Lord, to pour out his heart to us. We just thank you that you've supplied all these brethren and the sisters and brothers as we gathered together, Father. Such a highlight, a special little family reunion, as it were. May you just take every grudge or Father, anything that might offend one another, Lord. We're not perfect and and we just pray you wash us of those things. Father, let us all be in a unity, just pulling on your gift, Father. You speak freely without hindrance today. We love you in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this evening's offering. you give as God's blessed you. Amen. Let's sing that song. Who are We would be mindful of us. Who are [Music] we? That you would be mindful of us. What do you see? It's worth looking away. We are [Music] free in ways that we never should be. A sweet release or from the crippled distra and life is straining from the way my heart no longer seeking all that is within me cries for you alone. Be glorified. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord, you [Music] know our hearts don't deserve your glory. The strength to show the love we cannot [Music] hold and might just drain from the way my heart no long from seeking all that is thinking high for you alone. [Applause] Glory God. My heart sees a brand new song. The day is pain. [Music] died. Well, such a tiny offering compared to [Applause] Calary. Never forget. [Music] lay down at your feet. Such a [Music] tiny [Music] comm for you alone. I made God [Music] with and my heart seems brand new song [Music] Amen. Amen. You can be seated. Ask Sister Tracy, Sister Heather Shannon come sing for us if you would this evening. We'll have Sister Rebecca Boravine come sing for us after them. Oh, shame is a prison as cruel as a grave. Shame is a robber. And he's come to take my name. Oh, love is my redeemer. Lifting me up from the ground. Love is the power where my freedom song is found. Cuz there ain't no grave going to hold my body down. There ain't no grave going to hold my body down. [Music] When I hear that trumpet sound going to rise up out of the ground, there ain't no grave going to hold my body [Music] down. Oh, fear is a lion with a smoothing and velvet tongue. Fear is a tying always telling me to run. But love is a resurrection. Love is a trumpet sound. Love is my weapon. I'm going to take my giant down to a no graing to hold my body down. No grave going to hold my body down. When I hear that trumpet sound, going to rise up out of the ground. There ain't no grave going to hold my body [Music] down. Well, there was a battle. For between there and there all the dreams, the love of God was crucified. So I went on down to hell. Then he took back for the keys. He was a lion. Then he said this ring of the [Music] rain going to hold my body down. Oh my body [Music] down. When you hear that trumpet sound, going to rise up out of the ground. There ain't no [Music] grave. Oh my body down. Well, if you walked out of that grave, I'm a walk into Well, if you walked out of the grave, I'm a walking. Well, if you walk out of the grave, I'm a walking. Help. You walk out of the grave. I'm a walking. I'm following Jesus. You walk out of the grave. I'm a walking Jew. Yeah. You walk down the grave. I'm a walking, too. Oh, there ain't no grave. Oh, hold my body down. There ain't no grave. Oh, hold my body down. [Music] When I hear that trumpet sound, I'm going to rise up out of the ground. There ain't no way my body [Music] down. When I hear that trumpet sound, going to rise up out of the ground. There ain't no grave going to hold my body down. [Music] [Applause] Blessed Jesus is [Music] mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. Born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calvary is more than enough. I trust in God, my savior. are the one who will never fail. He will never [Applause] [Music] fail. I trust in God. My savior, the one will never fail. fail. He will never fail. Perfect submission and all is at [Music] rest. I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my steps. So this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my risen King and Savior all the day long. Oh, I trust in God my Savior. The one who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God my savior. The one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. My savior. You're the one who will never [Applause] fail. He will never [Music] fail. I trust in God, my savior. are the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. I trust in God. [Music] [Applause] He will never fail me. I might have disappointed. I might have failed him. But he's never one time failed me. Not once. Amen. I stand as we prepare to turn to brother William this evening. Let's sing a song. My God is awesome. Try keep D. Let's try that. My God is awome. He can move mountainry. Keep me in the valley and hide me from the rain. And my God is awesome. Oh, heals me when I'm walking. give stream where I'll be waking forever. You will reign and my God is awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. [Music] And my God is [Music] awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. And my God is awesome. My God is awesome. Oh, savior of the whole world. Oh, giver of salvation. It's by his stripes. Oh, I'm healed this evening. And my God is awesome. Today I am for his grace is why I'm living. Oh his praise his holy name and my God is awesome. Oh he's awesome. Oh yes, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. And my God, he's awesome. Oh, we serve an awesome God this evening. Oh, he's so awesome to us. Oh, he's [Music] awesome. He's Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. Oh, he's holy. He's holy. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, deliverer. Oh, deliverer. Oh, deliverer. Oh, deliverer. Deliver. Oh, he's awesome. [Music] Oh, he's awesome. Oh, provider. Oh, provider. Provider. Provider. Oh, he's [Music] awesome. Oh, he's awesome. Oh, protector. Oh, protector. Oh, protector. Protector. Oh, he's [Music] awesome. Oh, he's awesome. And my God is awesome. He can move on mountain. Keep me in the valley. Brother William, hide me from the rain. One more time. Oh my [Music] God. Thank you. When I'm [Music] broken, I've been weakened. Ever holy name. Hallelujah. Don't we serve an awesome God? Amen. He's so worthy of all praise, honor, and glory. Amen. He's so awesome. Death couldn't hold him. Then he took your sins and he went to hell. And brother Vernon, hell couldn't hold him. We serve an awesome God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord Jesus. Amen. Now, aren't you we we should be the happiest people in the world to be serving a living God. It's not just doctrine and Sister Heather. It's not just forms. It's not just creeds, but to serve a living God. One day, we're going to see him face to face. But until then, we feel the presence that we feel right here. He's so real. And if you don't know him in this reality, he's real. He can be accessed in this reality where faith becomes so real, brother Matt, that you don't even need to see him. You know he's here. His word said he'd be here. But you as the elect body of Christ has got something called the six sense of faith. And you can just tell when he draws an so thankful. so thankful that he would come to us and and and speak to our hearts and and see what do my children need. What can I do for you today? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. God bless each and every one of you. It's such an honor and a privilege to stand before you. As it was mentioned already, we certainly want to remember and pray for Brother Ron that God will just give him supernatural strength. Amen. God's been so good to him. But you know, we all need the Lord every day. Amen. So, we just continue to pray for Brother Ron and Brother Andrew there in New Zealand. Have a wonderful services and just pray the Lord continue to bless as he faithfully does. And then don't forget Brother William in Elton, Virginia. Come on, buddy. Amen. I need your prayers, too. And remember, Brother Matt in the morning also in Elton, Virginia. Amen. Amen. God bless you and happy Easter and resurrection weekend to you all. You know, we sorry to keep you standing here, but you know, we called yesterday Good Friday. Amen. And it is a good Friday for us. But, you know, it was a rough Friday for somebody. It was. And it was a terrible Friday for the devil. He thought he had him. He thought it was a victory. Satan thought he had a victory on the Lord Jesus. Turns out it was his greatest defeat. His greatest defeat. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. If you'll turn with me to the scriptures. Thank you, musicians. We'll read in two places. We'll begin in Exodus chapter 25 and then we'll slip over to Matthew the 27th chapter. Brother Matt, could you get me a bottle of water? One of the brother Matts. Amen. God bless him. Exodus chapter 25, we'll begin reading in verse 17. The scripture reads, "And thou shalt make a mercy seat of pure gold. Two cubits and a half shall be the length thereof, and a cubit and a half the breath thereof. And thou shalt make two cherubams of gold, thank you. Of be in work shalt thou make them. In the two ends of the mercy seat, and make one cherub on the one end, and on the other cherub on the other end, even of the mercy seat shall ye make the cherubams on the two ends thereof. And the cherubams shall stretch forth their wings on high, covering the mercy seat with their wings. And their faces shall look one to another toward the mercy seat shall the faces of the cherubams be. Notice what direction the face of the cherubams are facing. And thou shalt put the mercy seat above upon the ark. And in the ark shalt thou put the testimony that I shall give thee. And I will meet with thee, and I and there I will meet with thee, and I will commune with thee from above the mercy seat, from between the two cher cherubams, which are upon the ark of the testimony, of all things which I will give thee in commandment unto the children of Israel. Amen. In Matthew 27 and verse 46, and about the 9inth hour, Jesus cried with a loud voice, saying, Eli, Eli, Lama Sabaki. That is to say, my God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Think about what a question. Here he was his entire life, his entire ministry on the earth in a constant communication with his father doing nothing but what the father shows him. And at this pivotal moment, Amen. When humanly speaking, it looks like he would need him most. He screams out, "My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?" But Jesus took your sins. Jesus died a sinner because that's why he had to go to hell. Part of the reason he went to hell was because he died a sinner. Amen. Let's read on. Verse 47. Some of them that stood there when they heard it said, "This man cried calleth for Elijah." And straightway one of them ran and took a sponge and filled it with vinegar and put it on a reed and gave him to drink. The rest said, "Let be let us see whether Elijah will come to save him." Jesus, when he had cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost. And behold, the veil of the temple was rent in twain from the top to the bottom and the earth did quake and the rocks rent. Let us pray. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, as we stand in your divine presence, Lord, we thank you for the faithfulness of your presence, Lord. And you said where two or three are gathered, Lord, in your name, you'll be in our midst. And you've been so faithful, Lord, ever since. We love you with all of our hearts. We pray you forgive us of our sins. I pray Lord if you help me do one thing tonight Lord is to get out of the way. Speak to us Lord Jesus. We're all hungry for you and we've all come to hear from you. Bless us now we pray. We commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you as you're seated. With the help of the Lord this evening, I'd like to title this the unveiled mercy seat. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, we all come from different backgrounds. We all have different stories of how we're here. But there's one thing that we all have in common. Come on. Is we need mercy. Amen. We need the mercy of the Lord Jesus. And in the beginning in the Garden of Eden, Adam, God would speak to Adam and Eve face to face. He'd come down and he tuck them in at night as it were. And he took such great care. He made the Garden of Eden just to their liking and had everything so perfect. But you know what's ever since the fall, God has had to veil himself right when being worshiped. That's right. Because man, whenever Adam and Eve fell, they it sold the entire human race away into sin. So we cannot access God as as Adam and Eve once did. Nor has God even intended that we that we access him. So we had to make a substitution. And that's where the blood of bulls and goats came. In the garden of Eden, there was a promise of a savior. But until that time came to fruition, he accepted the blood of bulls and goats. We understand there that Adam and Eve try to make a fig leaf apron. Amen. And they try to cover themselves because they realize that they were naked. And God killed an animal and he clothed them with the animal skins. That's right. Now, if you'll if you'll pardon me just just a moment here, if y'all if y'all could pull up uh Leviticus chapter 16, we'll begin with verse two. And just it's a bit of a lengthy read, but just to kind of lay a foundation for tonight if you bear with me here. And the Lord said unto Moses, speak unto Aaron thy brother, that he come not at all times into the holy place within the veil before the mercy seat, which is upon the ark, that he die not. For I will appear in the cloud upon the mercy seat. Thus Aaron shall come into the holy place with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering. So, this is the time that God is laying things out to Moses on how to worship him, how to come back and fellowship with him, right? And they have the tabernacle of witness. And uh it's been some years back, but if y'all go to Lancaster, they have got a recreation of this tabernacle of witness. If you haven't seen it yet, it's it's a really neat place to go and see. And it it just gives you the visual and it gives you the the scale and the perspective of what the Old Testament saints there, Israel, had what the process they went through and things. In verse three, thus shall Aaron come into the holy place with a young bullock for a sin offering, and a ram for a burnt offering. He shall put on the holy linen coat, and he shall have the the linen breaches upon his flesh, and shall be girded with a linen girdle, and the linton and the linen miter shall he be attired. These are holy garments. Therefore shall he wash his flesh in water, and so put them on. And he shall take of the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats for a sin offering and one ram for a burnt offering. Now everywhere you look you see Jesus Christ. That's right. And Aaron shall offer his bullock for the sin offering which is for himself and make an atonement for himself and for his house. And he shall take the two goats and present them before the Lord at the door of the tabernacle of the congregation. And Aaron shall cast lots upon the two goats, one for the Lord and the other lot for the scapegoat. And Aaron shall bring the goat upon which the Lord's lot fell and offer him for a sin offering. But the goat on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat shall be presented alive before the Lord to make an atonement with him and let him go for a scapegoat into the wilderness. Again, Jesus Christ represents both of these. both the goat that had to be killed and the goat where where Aaron would confess the sins of Israel on the the goat that was allowed to to live the scapegoat and would release him into the wilderness. The prophet said that both of them type the Lord Jesus Christ because he bore our sins. He both died for our sins but he also bore our sins. Amen. And in verse 12, and he shall take a sensor of full of burning coals of fire from off the altar before the Lord, and his hand, and his hands full of sweet incense beaten small, and bring it within the veil. And he shall put incense upon the fire before the Lord, that the cloud of the incense may cover the mercy seat, that is upon the testimony that he die not. And he shall take the blood of the bullock and sprinkle it with his finger upon the mercy seat eastward. And before the mercy seat shall he sprinkle the blood with his finger seven times. So to give you a mental picture of how the tabernacle was set up, you had the outer court and then you then that's where they would sacrifice and wash wash the sacrifices. And on the inside of that, they had a a veil would go through there and you'd go in and that would be the inner court or sometimes called the holy places. And that's where the lampstand would be. That would be where the shoe bread would be, right? That would be where where where the the table was set there. And the priests would go in that first holy place and they would minister. They'd keep the the candles lit. They'd keep fresh bread on the table and they would minister in that first holy place. Beyond the holy place, you had another veil and that was to cover the holiest of holies. Amen. Now, in there, only one priest, one chosen man went in that holiest of holies once a year on the day of atonement. Right? And that's what God is explaining. That's what we that's what we're reading right here is that God had a certain way that he had to be approached. So whenever the the high priest would go into the holiest of holies, he had to have this blood with him and he would go in and he he would first and he would he would offer blood for his own sins because he was a man and he had sins. His family had sins. So he would offer the blood for himself, for his family, and all of Israel. And he would dip his finger in the blood of an innocent bulllock and goat, and he'd strike the mercy seat seven times. And the scripture says, "Then shall he kill the the goat of the sin offering that is for the people and bring his blood within the veil and do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bullock." So the first was for him and his family. And then he would go back in and do it for all of Israel and sprinkle it upon the mercy seat and before the mercy seat. And in verse 16, and he shall make an atonement for the holy place, because of the uncleanliness of the children of Israel, and because of their transgressions, and all their sins, so shall he do for the tabernacle of the congregation that remainth among them in the midst of their uncleanliness. God require this, right? And when he would go in and once a year as I said and he would sprinkle the blood and then seven stripes of blood type the seven church ages right that all are covered by the blood now the Bible talks about the cherubams being on the mercy seat we we recall that whenever Adam and Eve when they fellowshipped with God in perfect harmony brother Chris they they would it was perfect fellowship well after the fall they then the the tree of life is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. The tree of life and the mercy seat is both inter used interchangeably and it is the Lord Jesus Christ. Right. Amen. So whenever Adam and Eve sinned, they could no longer have access to the tree of life in the same way they did before. That's right. They then had to sacrifice and come under the blood of bulls and goats. So what did God do? He set, you can read there in Genesis that he in Genesis uh 3:24 that he placed at the east of the Garden of Eden cherubams, right? There were four cherubams. Come on. And the cherubams each had a flaming sword, brother Gabriel. And they kept the way of the tree of life, right? What does that mean? That means that they would block humanity's access to the tree of life. Right. for a given amount of time until that tree of life became flesh. And when that tree of life became flesh, that changes the picture. We'll get to that a little later on hopefully. But God was then protecting the tree of life because they could not access the tree of life with sin on them, right? And live forever, right? God had to do something to redeem them back. Amen. The tree of life had to take on flesh. Amen. So the only way to regain fellowship now was through the shedding of innocent blood. The animal life didn't sin. Humanity sinned. But because they were they were the top creation, everything fell underneath it. So So as as we go along after the Garden of Eden, we know the story of Noah and the flood. And then after knowing the flood, as a a point, God begins to deal with Abraham. We're very familiar with that. And then Isaac and Jacob. And then Jacob gets his name changed. And then Joseph and they all end up in Egypt. Right? You following me so far? They all end up in Egypt. And they're there just like God told Abraham for 400 years. Just over 400 years. So after all that slavery and all that bondage, one day a deliverer is born. Moses knew he was a deliverer because his he was raising the message, right? He was raised up to believe the things and his mama told him, "You're a special boy, right? Remember the angel of the Lord met met his dad there, his mom, his parents, right? That is why she could have the faith to put him in a basket and send him down the Nile cuz she knew that he was going to be the the the prophet messenger of that age. She knew he was going to be the deliverer, right? So Moses throughout the process of time, he needed his own experience. So you know the story, he got he he got run out of Egypt and he's up there hurting the sheep and begin to lose the burden of the people. And God met him in a burning bush and gave him his own experience. And every single one of us need that same burning bush experience. We must meet the Think about this. You hear the prophet talk about the same pillar of fire that led Moses is with us. But we have got to meet the same pillar of fire. We've got to meet the same God Moses did. It doesn't change. Moses had to meet the same God that Jacob wrestled with. Jacob had to meet the same God that Isaac met. Isaac had to meet that same God of Abraham. So just you can go backward or forward. We have to meet the same Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Come on. So Moses is there and he and he's having a conversation with God. God tells him he's on holy ground and he takes his sandals off and he's in there talking to God and God gave Moses begins to tell Moses that you've got to go down. And what does Moses do? He begins to make excuses about how he stutters and he's not able and all these different excuses. But God and then he said, "How will how will the people know? How will they believe me?" And God told Moses, "I'll give you two signs to vindicate your ministry." And in Exodus 3:12, "And he said talking, God speaking here, certainly I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee. when thou hast brought forth a people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain. So, what God is promising Moses is right here where you're kneeling before me. That's right. I'm giving you two signs to go call them out. When you do call them out and y'all all come out and you're leading them, two million plus people, you're going to lead them right back to this spot where I'm meeting you, right? And you're going to worship me at this mountain. That's right. That was a promise that God made to him. See, Moses met God at the burning bush privately. That's right. Nobody was there. That's right. He had to come down and he went into Egypt as a one-man invasion. Right. And he said, "The God of your fathers have met me." And they begin to ask him, "What's his name? I am that I am." And he begin to perform the signs. Right? And then after all the plagues and they come out of Egypt, God then leads them right back to the mountain so that he can publicly vindicate Moses. That's right. Is it starting to sound a little familiar to you? Right. When when brother Brandon first met the angel of the Lord in that cabin, was there any witnesses? None. He was there by himself and he was praying about the gift that all the preachers were calling the devil. And all of a sudden, an angel steps out of that light, right? And he begins to testify and people are still doubting. And the angel told him as Moses was given two signs. You're going to be given two signs. And he said, if you're humble and sincere, the day will come where you're even going to know the secrets of their hearts. That not even cancer will be able to stand before you prayer. The prophet comes and he starts testifying and he spearheads the healing revival. And then there comes a day whenever God publicly vindicates him. Come on. Before thousands of people. That's right. That's right. He tells a story. He tells a story. There's scoffers. There's unbelievers. This is a blessing to preach to believers. But imagine brothers preaching where you've got people pulling against you. That's right. where you've got preachers that sneak into the congregation after they warn their congregation to not come hear you, but then they come in here and you got all kinds of spirits flying around. When that picture was taken, it was under a very Go ahead and put it up if you don't mind so the audience online can see it too. Whenever this picture was taken, Amen. It was taken in a coliseum full of even critics. That's right. It was a mix. There were believers there. There were people that were healed that stood up and testified that they were healed. But it was taken under very extreme pressure. And you know that even the Exodus pulled out a mixed multitude. A mixed multitude. There were people that were there that were true believers and then there were people there that were there for the wrong reasons. Right. Now notice in Exodus 19, he's now getting ready to vindicate Moses. As I said, in the sight of all Israel. Moses, you've been faithful. You told them that you met me. You You performed the signs. You did everything I told you. Now I'm getting ready to prove to them that this is indeed you are the undisputed word messenger of the day. You are the first Exodus prophet. Moses had nothing into it, but God was stepping in and he was then going to show that this is what he did. That's right. In Exodus 19, and the Lord said unto Moses, "Lo, I come unto thee in a thick cloud, that the people may hear when I speak with thee, and believe thee forever." And Moses told the words of the people unto the Lord. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Go unto the people, and sanctify them today, and tomorrow let them wash their clothes, and be ready against the third day. For the third day the Lord will come down in the sight of all the people upon Mount Si, and thou shalt set bounds unto the people round about, saying, Take heed to yourselves, that ye go not up into the mount, or touch the border of it. Whosoever touchth the mount shall surely be put to death. There shall not in hand touch it, but ye he shall be surely stoned or shot through, whether it be beast or man, it shall not live. When the trumpet soundth long, they shall come up to the mount. If a man, God comes down on the mountain, Brother Randall, and he's so holy, he's so holy, a believer, a person couldn't even go and touch that mountain. If an animal happened to accidentally stray and touch that mountain, he must immediately be killed. That's right. That is the holiness of God. So, how does God ever save people like us? Through the mercy seat. That's how a holy God. Brethren said that angels can look dirty in his sight. Saraphims are constantly around him. Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. But one simple prayer of repentance. But for you, brother Davey, he's got justification. As though you've never done it in the first place. That holy of a God to be able to do such a thing. What love. What humility. So he comes down and all the people in the camp begin to tremble because Mount Si the scripture says was allto together on smoke because the Lord descended upon it in fire. And remember another place in the scriptures they said Moses don't let God speak. Right? They were so terrified at the presence of God coming down. They said don't let Moses don't let God speak or we're going to die. Moses you speak for God. Right. But God was vindicating his prophet. Brother Ram, in the in the sermon, the unveiling of God, he says, "The pillar of fire appearing visibly among us, identifying that the message is right like he did at Mount Si." Amen. Pillar of fire identifying that this message is right like he did at Mount Si. Amen. The first Exodus like he vinded the first Exodus and the first Exodus prophet he's vindicated the third Exodus prophet. identified by a pillar of fire. Undisputable. I don't care what the critic said. I said it was undisputable. What did Brother Ram said? He said the picture is more evidence than you seeing it. You think about that. Why is the picture? Because you can't you can't blame maybe somebody opening a door or Satan can't reason that away from you. That is a picture. The the light struck the lens. That's as basic English as you can get. The light struck the lens. Come on. And when that same light strikes your lens of your heart, you'll then understand the message. You'll believe the message. You'll then come to life. It'll be it won't be no fluke. Amen. Good. So he identifies the messages, right? Like he did at Mount Si. Remember before the true message come forth, Moses preached and he led them out of Egypt. But there before the real commandments was laid down, the seals was brought in that he said that. That's right. So here you have the prophet typing the commandments with the seals. Up in a mountain. Come on. And the smoke thereof ascended as the smoke of a furnace, and the whole mount quakdly. There was some thundering going on. Oh yeah. He said, "God, come down before the people and prove that Moses was sent from him in a pillar of fire that Moses said he has seen in a bush and talked to him." And the Lord came upon Mount Si. This is in Exodus 19 verse 20. And the Lord came down upon Mount Si on the top of the mount. And the Lord called Moses up to the top of the mountain. And Moses went up. Now, I want us to watch something here. I want to take just a a brief moment of time to point something out here. Could you pull up Malachi chapter 4? Remember what he said? He met him in the burning bush and said, "You're going to worship me again on this mountain." Malachi chapter 4 verse 1. For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day cometh that shall burn them up, sayeth the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth and grow up as calves of the stall, and ye shall tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes under the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayeth the Lord of hosts." Now, here it's about to be announced. Brother Brandham's coming. But look at what he says here in this verse. Remember ye the law of Moses my servant which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all Israel with the statutes and judgments. Mount Horeb and Mount Si is the same place. Right? Amen. So God before he gives out the promise of Elijah, he says remember the law of Moses my servant. Right? He had he met God and he brought the he brought the chosen people right back to the same place. Thank you, Lord. And now he says, "Behold, I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse." Same mountain. Amen. Remember the sermon, is this the time of the end, sir? Brother Brandham has a vision of an explosion and God gives him a sign. It says, "When they drive a stake on at the end of your driveway, that's your sign to move west." Right? Amen. There's no deserts in the east, right? But he was also a prophet like unto Moses. Jesus Christ was the fulfillment of that prophecy. But in type, brother Brandham was also like a Moses. That's right. He was the third Exodus prophet. He was identified by a pillar of fire. God revealed the seven seals to him and he's in the desert and remember he's picking cocoa birds off of his trouser leg and he hears a blast and he was caught up and met seven angels. That happened in the desert. Amen. Mount Sunset in the evening time because as the as the sun rises in the east, so it sets in the west. So shall the coming of the son of man be. That's right. You can't make this up. You just can't. The word is perfect. In our own natural lives, God will make us a promise and we think it's going to come to pass this way and we're in expectation and we should be. But after it comes to pass, we realize that's the way God wanted it. He interprets his word by bringing it to pass. When God brings his word to pass, that's the interpretation of it. Right? So God tells Moses to come up in this mountain and he reveals he he was revealing the text that we read about how to worship him. He he was up there for 40 days and 40 nights. He was receiving the word of the Lord. And while he's up there, Israel was just trembling at the presence of God. And while Moses is up there, they already forgot, right? They already begin to make an idol. And they already begin to to to ordain a priest and say, "Take us back to Israel." What I don't even know what happened to Moses just 30 something days ago. You were you were begging Moses to speak instead of God. Right? And now you're ready to forget about Moses and go back to Egypt. Do you see? I'm I'm going to say it. Do you see the insanity of unbelief? That's right. People call us crazy. I say unbelief is crazy. When God vindicates his word, you're crazy not to believe it. When God vindicates his word, you're crazy not to believe it. And then people down there were losing their minds in just 40 days. 40 days, right? They started losing it. So Moses is up there and he you think he's in that heavenly atmosphere and God begins to clue him in on what's going on down there. That's right. And he said, "I'm going to destroy them and I'm going to start a nation all over with you." And Moses, brother, the Bible says there was there wasn't a meek man like Moses. I know that we can see a temper side of him and his humanity, but the scripture said that there wasn't a there was no man as meek as Moses. And Moses throws himself in the in the breach and he said, "God, you take you block my name out." Brother Ram said for the longest time it looked like it that part really confused him because he he thought it looked like Moses had a better idea than God because God was like, "You know what? You're right. That that's actually I'm going to listen to you, Moses." But what was it that softened God's heart? He's seen Jesus Christ in Moses. Amen. Amen. Right. Who became sin for us, he became a curse for us. Amen. So when Moses comes down off the mountain in Exodus 32:15, and Moses turned and went down from the mount, and the two tables of the testimony were in his hand, y'all seen the Ten Commandments. Now watch this language. And the tables were written on both their sides. On the one side and on the other side were they written. Amen. And I saw on the right hand of him that sat upon the throne a book written within and without. Come on. Written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And Moses is coming down off the mountain being in the presence of God. Come on. With the word. Because remember the entire Old Testament is written and based off the law of Moses, right? And he comes down from that heavenly atmosphere and what does he see? Hell came up. That's right. What did the prophet say? He said, "When you're in them atmospheres and then you come down and you see sin all out in the world, it tears you to pieces." Right. What's it What does it do to you? Enjoy such heavenly atmosphere in the weekend on Monday morning, you got to go back to work. You got to go to Walmart. Come on. Everybody always knows what that means. In verse 16, and the tables were the work of God, and the writing was the writing of God graven upon the tables. And when he comes down, and Joshua heard the noise of the people as they shouted, and said, he said unto Moses, there's a noise of war in the camp, but he said, "It's not the voice of them that that shout for mastery, neither is it the voice of them that cry for being overcome, but the noise of them that sing do I hear." And he came, and it came to pass as soon as he came n to the camp that he saw the calf and the dancing. And Moses's anger waxed hot and he cast the tables out of his hand and break them beneath the mount. Amen. He couldn't stand to see the sin. They were because see Mount Si wasn't a mercy seat yet. That is why God said, "Whoever touches it, whoever comes near it, you kill him on the spot." Right? The mercy seat was not set in order. So here you have a prophet that came out of the presence of God and he sees all this sin. Amen. And when Moses stood in the gate, Christ of the camp and said, "Who is on the Lord's side? Let him come unto me." Could you imagine being there and he comes off the mountain and Moses after 40 days finally comes down and he's got the Ten Commandments with him. He's got the law, the word of God. He's got thus sayeth the Lord. And there's filth and nonsense going on in 40 days, right? And he breaks these commandments and God's judgment begins to to rain down and he bellows out, "Who's on the Lord's side? Let him come to me." That's right. He wasn't talking about the man 16 elements of Moses. He was talking about the God. Who's on the Lord's side? That cry is going out now. Who's on the Lord's side? Let them come to this message and stand with Jesus Christ. That's right. That's right. And the sons of Levi gather them themselves together. In the sermon, the indictment, brother said, I say it on tape and for this audience, I say this under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost. Who is on the Lord's side? Let him come under this word. God will surely bring this wicked Christ denying Christ rejecting generation into judgment for blasphemy, the crucifixion of his identified word. They're coming to the judgment. I indict it. Who's on the Lord's side? Said Moses, let them come unto me when the pillar of fire hanging there as an evidence. Who is on the Lord's side? Let him take up the word, deny his creed, and follow Christ daily. Right? Judgment struck those who rejected the vindicated word. And that same principle is the same today. When they came against Moses and they said, "You think you're the only holy one. You think you're the only one that hears from God." What happened to them people of Dayton and Corora? the ground opened up right where they were, brother Jerry, and swallow them. What happens to people that say, "What makes him think that he's the only prophet, that he's the only talk, you know, that that talks for God and that met an angel? There's there's other people out there, too. I don't believe this anymore." What happens to them people? The world opens up and swallows them. That's right. The same thing. You have the same pillar of fire. You have the same vindicated prophet. You have the same word is because the word for the day is Jesus Christ and they come against the word and the world swallows them up. This is serious. Amen. See, brother Ron just preached last weekend about you got to fight your way to hell. That's mercy if I ever heard it. Right. See, there's mercy right now, but mercy will literally be over one day. That's right. Come on. And when God turns from the Gentiles to the Jews, mercy will be over. It doesn't matter how much somebody begs and how much they cry. See, what's the difference when you have when you have God's throne? What is the difference between a judgment seat and a mercy seat? Brother William, what is the difference? Blood. That's right. Blood. When the blood comes off the mercy seat, it's then a judgment seat. That's right. Who's going to judge the world? Jesus Christ and his bride. That's right. Well, I thought Jesus Christ was a sacrifice. He is. And once once mercy is over, he's then the judge. That's right. Same. Who's the father? Jesus God. Jesus Christ. Who's the son? Jesus Christ. Who's the holy ghost? Jesus Christ. It all just depends in what office he's in. God above us, God with us, God in us. There's one God. And Jesus Christ is his name. We've got to move along. My goodness. When Moses came down, I want to get to this real quick. When Moses came down, you think under the blood of bulls and goats, the Holy Ghost wasn't given yet. When he came down, his countenance was so changed that his face lit up and he had to wear a veil over his face. As long as Moses was preaching the was giving them the word, he he was acting like God. I'm about to read you a quote. And he had to veil his face because of the glory that he was in. That's right. Remember, God is always veiled. prophets. You can read that. We're I'm going to skip over for the sake of time, but in Exodus chap chapter 34, prophets are deity veiled. That's right. That's a quote of your prophet. Prophets are deity veiled. But you know, our prophet said that when you put the word of God upon your lips in faith that you're also deity speaking. Right? See, it's not about you or this flesh. It's about the word that's coming forth. If you hear a minister preach and you don't receive it like it's the word of the Lord, it does this much good for you. That's right. If you take it as the preacher's opinion, they're criticizing me. Somebody told them I did that. Somebody said this, you'll get zero value. But when you say, "Lord, that's you speaking to me." Then you draw something out of it. You come here for prayer. We pray for you if you don't mix it with your own faith. There it is. Good, buddy. It takes faith. There's no good in any one of us, but it's who we represent. Because remember, they were accusing one of the big things they had against Jesus is, "You make yourself God. He was. But look, he still gave them the scripture and said, "Don't the law even say that ye are gods if the word of God came to him?" Now look, look, let me read this real fast. The unveiling of God. Moses is coming from the presence of God. He has been into the word. The word has been wrote and he in the presence of God with the word. He had the word for that age. There is a word for each age. And Moses coming forth, his face shines. So see the word was in him ready to be manifested. give out to the people the true word. God had wrote it and it was with Moses. Notice it was with Moses and was ready to be manifested. He was the word to them. He was the living word hid veiled himself. Moses had to put a veil over his own face. Why? He was that word. That's right. Well, I thought Moses was a man with a temper. And I I thought Moses lied. I thought he even killed somebody. I heard. Come on. Until that word was made known, Moses had avail himself. Amen. He said Moses had the word. Now remember, after the word was made manifest, Moses was Moses again. Amen. When he's got the word, when a prophet has thus sayaith the Lord, they're representing God to us. We receive the word. Isn't this message thus sayaeth the Lord? Amen. Not thus sayaith William Brandham or thus sayaith this person and that person. It is thus sayaeth the Lord. So how can we and our our faith in that is what allows us by the Holy Ghost to live overcoming lives. 50 60 years. Well goodness it's been longer than that. I can't even do the math in my head. But it's been a long time since he's been gone. Right. But yet this message still holds you. How and why is because it's thus sayeth the Lord. So when when the prophet would step into the pull pit and he he just had a he just had a visitation of an angel and here he comes and he's preaching the seals or he's preaching God and simplicity or it doesn't matter. He then has the word of the Lord. But then when on the way home or you know next day you can go fishing with him and he's William Brandham again. Don't let that stumble you. Because remember you God was veiled. It was a son of man revealing the son of man. He needed a new birth like we all do. That's right. That's right. He was born in sin, shaped in iniquities. He told lies. God had to deal with him. He made mistakes as a man. Moses made mistakes as a man. But there's no mistakes. See, Moses wrote most the foundation of the Old Testament. And there's no mistakes in it. That's right. But in Moses's personal life, there was mistakes. Come on. This message is thus sayeth the Lord. But in brother Aram's own personal life, he was still human. That's right. So you had So So you see how people get in trouble. Then when they begin to die, they say, "Well, that was God. What? How much of it was God? Get next to yourself. Moses was Moses again. See, but while the word was in him to give out, he was God. Well, he wasn't Moses no more. Had the word of the Lord for that age. That's how powerful the word is. That is how powerful the word that you can be Messiah. Right. That you can confound the devil with your own voice, Sister Julia. Why? Because it's not you. When you fight your battles and I fight my battles and we take the word of God and put it on our lips. We're not doing the fight. We're We're fighting, but we're not. We didn't arm ourselves. He armed us. That's right. That's why we can defeat the devil. That's right. Let me move on. If anybody needs more clarification, go listen to the unveiling of God. Amen. Let me read this one, too. In 1951, a very popular quote, but let me just go through it real fast. Now, I'm just your brother by the grace of God. But when the angel of the Lord moves down, it becomes then a voice of God to you. He said, "Maybe I offended you by saying that. Forgive me, but I felt that might have been resented. But I am God's voice to you." Amen. Who was it that discerned the hearts of men with 100% accuracy? Not a man. Who was it that appeared on the banks of the Ohio River when he was baptized in the 17th person and in front of 500 witnesses? A voice spoke and a pillar of fire came down and said, "As John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming of Christ, you shall forrun the second coming of Christ." That's right. Who was it that appeared in the Houston Coliseum and had his picture taken with the prophet? Who was it that stood in a man just about five foot tall, maybe a couple inches, and said, "I take every spirit under here under my control for the glory of God." A man can't do that. Who was it that opened that preached rather the seven seals that was contrary to every Bible teacher of the day? Contrary to even his own human way of thinking, right? Who said why I'm against organized religion? Was it Brother Brandon that was against organized religion or was it God? Come on. Who's really against organized religion? That's right. Who is this Melzdc? It was deity veiled in the flesh of a prophet. We're not feeding on the mind of a man, brothers and sisters. We're feeding on the body word of the son of man. Now remember I mentioned them cherubams around that tree of life. Whenever the tabernacle of witness was set up, there were four cherubams set up. There were the 12 tribes of Israel set up. Four on the north, four on the south, east and west. Three tribes in each direction. And each group of three tribes were under a banner. And there was a lion, the ox, the man, and the eagle. That's right. And that was their cherubams that was protecting the mercy seat. That's right. Amen. Now, all of that all of everything that we've just been preaching and sharing on about the mercy seat and the blood and sprinkling seven times and and the live goat and and and the goat that was killed and the bullock and and and Aaron had to be dressed a certain way and anointed and walk a certain way and had bells on the on the hems of his garment so all of Israel would know that he's still alive. Because what good does it do if if a priest goes in to atone for your sins and he drops dead because he's not worthy? They had to know this man, this man's doing the work, right? My sins are going to be covered. We'll come back around to that in a minute. But the but the cherubams were all around it. All this was a all a beautiful type of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He is the true mercy seat. Because remember even the ark was wood overlaid with gold. He was a man and deity. Now in the Old Testament, Scoffield picks this up and I think it's beautiful. But in the Old Testament, the veil was actually made of blue and purple scarlet and cherubams were even in embroidered on it. And Scoffield picks this up and said, "The blue is how Christ came from heaven. The purple is his royalty and red types his blood sacrifice." Every detail of that tabernacle of witness points to our Lord and Savior. Amen. when he was here on earth. You think the God of Mount Si, well, let's put it like that. The God of Mount Si that thundered forth that that that his holiness just terrified people came in a man, a meek man. He came in a tabernacle. See, the prophets were deity veil. Let me inject this real fast. The prophets were deity veil where they where they had the word of the Lord and they'd come and they'd preach the word and they' take the place of God. Look how Moses threw himself in the breach and he they pre and then he became Moses again. Isaiah one day he was Isaiah but then he said a virgin shall conceive. That wasn't Isaiah. But then they had they'd go back to their humanity. But this man right he was God from the very his first breath to his last. That's right. He didn't have well Jesus came and when he preached the word he was God but then he became Jesus again. He was always God. When he was sleeping he was God. When he was eating, he was God. When he was casting out devils, he was God. So one day there came, you remember, he sent the disciples forth with a with a with an anointed them to cast out devils. It wasn't he anointed them to do the work. And after their their ministry, they came back and they were rejoicing. And there was a man that came to Jesus in the book of Mark there and he was pretty upset because they brought in verse 20, Mark 9:20, and they brought unim, let me back up. In Mark 9:18, "And whethersoever he taketh him, he teareth him." This child had epilepsy, and he foamth and nashethth with his teeth, and pineth away. And I spoke, and I spake to thy disciples, and they should not that they could not that, excuse me, to thy disciples that they should cast him out, and they could not. He answered them, and said, "Oh faithless generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I suffer you? Bring him unto me." And they brought him unto him, and when he saw him, straightway the spirit tear him, and he fell on the ground and wallowed, foaming. And he asked his father, "How long is it a go since this came upon him?" And he said, "Of a child." And of times they have cast him into the fire and into the waters to destroy him. But if thou can't if thou can't do anything, have compassion on us and help us. Jesus said unto him, "If thou cast believe, all things are possible to them that believe." And straightway the father of the child cried out and said with tears, "Lord, I believe, help thou my unbelief." Look at the humility of that man. Lord, if you if there's any unbelief in my heart, you forgive me. Brother picks this story up and it's just beautiful. He said, "Now when this man looked in the face of Jesus, he was anointed. He was the anointed God. Here he was standing there, the anointed man, God in man. He said, "Have compassion on us." Now he's on the right grounds. He's coming on the grounds of pleading mercy. He's coming to the mercy seat. And that's the only way you'll ever get anything from God is come to the mercy seat. Not judgment, not upon self, but upon the mercies of God. And further and a little further down. And the father looked him in the face, said tears running down his cheek. Something had struck him. A change had come in his heart at that very moment. And he said, "Lord, I believe. Forgive me." So many words. Forgive me for my unbelief. All this time I've tried to believe the Pharisees. I've doubted when the disciples failed. Forgive me, Lord, of my unbelief. Amen. And with tears rolling down, the spirit of God has struck his heart and he said, "Lord, I believe. Forgive me of my unbelief." Or the Bible quotes it helped out my unbelief. But it's forgive my unbelief. There he stands. What was it? Now watch a few moments ago. He was sir if you can. But when Jesus caught his attention, it wasn't sir. Capital L O R D. What happened when he came when he come to the mercy seat? He found mercy. Everything was okay because he came to the mercy seat. Amen. What about that woman in St. John chapter 8? She was caught in adultery. A lot like the woman at the well. And you think here you have the God that gave the law to Moses. Amen. Come on, standing in flesh. And he's standing there, brother Matt. And all of a sudden there's a big ruckus. Right? And these priests are dragging this poor woman to Jesus. Right? They've got a trap laid for him. Right? It's a good one, too. Because here they said, "The law, Jesus, the law says that this woman was caught indulging in the very act. The the law says that we should stone her." What do you say? He wasn't on Mount Si that day. Come on. He was in a mercy seat. And he said, "The law I can show you, Jesus, the law says according to the the law of Moses that we've got to kill her right now." And here was the God of Moses. The God of the law. That's right. And he stood there. He knew what she did. But he just stopped. He started doing this. He didn't say a word. And then he told him, they continued asking him. He was writing. They said, "Jesus, what are you going to what are we going to do? Come on. The word says it. What are we going to do?" And he's sitting there and he's writing and the scripture says he stood up and he looked at the priest and he said, "You, he that is without sin, you cast the first stone." And he goes back and they still had enough of a conscience to realize what they did that morning, what they did last week, what they did the day before. And no doubt when Jesus looked him in the face and said, "He that's without sin cast the first stone." They knew. He knew. That's right. So they they had rocks. Boy, they were ready, brother Matt. Oh man, they were ready. And all of a sudden, maybe it was the eldest one, maybe the one that was most respected. All of a sudden, he just said dropped the rock and left. Well, man, he he's up there. I really respect him. If he has sin, then I better I better go, too. Thud thud, thud, thud. There was enough rocks in them people's hands to kill her. So, you can imagine whenever it was all said and done, rocks laying everywhere and Jesus is still standing there. Only her and him. Hallelujah. And he asks her a very beautiful question. He says,"Woman, where are those thine accusers? Hath no man condemned thee?" She was probably all crouched down waiting for a rock to hit her in the head at any moment. And she looks around and she sees nobody is there but the Lord Jesus. Woman, where are thine accusers? Bride, in your first birth, you've done a lot of stuff. But where are thine accusers? Where are they? And she said, "No man, Lord." Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee." Go and sin no more. Here you have the God of heaven, the God that thundered on Mount Si. The God that told Moses, "If any animal, if any person even touches this mountain, they're to die immediately." Here you have him bottled up right in a man Christ Jesus a mercy seat and he tells this woman that was guilty go I'm not going to condemn you go and sin no more that was the same love and compassion that he had for Adam and Eve it broke his heart to send them out of the Bible says in Ephesians 2:4, "But God who is rich in mercy, for his love, great love, wherewith he loved us, even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together in Christ. By grace ye are saved." What about the woman that came to wash his feet when she whenever they invited him to the to the feast there just to make fun of him Simon's party? He knew what kind of woman she was, right? But he was a God of mercy. The God of mercy, the mercy seat that was in flesh. the the religious people were looking for any way they could betray him. How can we get this Jesus? And here you have Caiaphasis. He was the high priest. Think about this. When we read our text about how Aaron had to go in and how he had to to be and dress and and put the bells and be anointed and offer blood, that was Caiaphas's position for that year. That's right. And a man in that position was so blinded by religion that here stood the very mercy seat in his presence. On that day when they arrested Jesus, he was there and he was so blinded. He demanded that Jesus, he was accusing Jesus and he demanded that he give him an answer. and he was a high priest that year. The very blood that he was going to carry, the the blood of the animal that that he was going to carry and put seven stripes and the altar of incense and go behind the holiest of holies and and go and approach the ark of the covenant. That God was right before him, right? Bound, not saying anything. getting lied lied on then getting slapped, spit upon. He did so much damage when they had Jesus on that Good Friday. He did so much damage to Satan's kingdom. Satan couldn't wait to get his hands on him. And no doubt when them soldiers were beating them and they and because remember they turned Jewish law allows for 39 stripes but you know Romans aren't under Jewish law so history don't know how many he got but there's no telling so if the Jewish law makes them stop at 39 then that must be right before death. But they were beating Jesus with a cat of nine tails and they were beating Jesus with you. You you can go online and pull up pictures and and it's just unimaginable what that did to his flesh. And as they were beating him and beating him, no doubt the soldiers getting tired. But I can imagine, brother Joel, that Satan just because you know demonic forces, they can they can make people do some pretty superhuman stuff. Brother talked about a woman when he went to pray for her and she was like crawling like a spider on the wall. Right. And no doubt Satan endued them soldiers with superhuman demonic strength to keep beating him and beating him and beating him. But you know there was a scripture that that already said that he would be wounded for our transgressions. He would be bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And by them stripes Amen. I'm healed by them stripes, by that blood that was running down his leg. That was for my family. That was for your family. That was for your healing. That was for brother Ron's healing. Amen. That was for Sister Ber's healing. Healing. That's right. He sat there and he took it. But how little did Satan know that each stripe was paying for my salvation? How little did he know that what looked like such weakness, that's when the greatest victory came. And you'll find in your own personal life, that's how it is a lot. When you seem like you're the weakest, you're finally in a condition where God can move. That's right. When we, brother Jerry, reach our human capacity and we're done, right? We can't do it any longer. Good. That's when God can do something because remember, even believers, it wasn't Satan thought he had Jesus, but even believers try to stop the procession that day, right? As he was going up Goltha's Hill, as he was going them cobblestone streets, and as brother M dramatizes, the blood begins to run down his legs. Mary Magdalene runs out there and tries to stop it and say, "What? What? What has he done?" But healed your sick, right? She got smacked in the mouth. God had a plan and God had a purpose. All the angels watching breathlessly. They knew who Jesus was and they were watching, ready to move. I would imagine that they had their hands on their sword just wanting to to intervene, but they can't understand redemption. That's right. They were ready to intervene, but God was doing a work. walking up the streets of Jerusalem, bloody bald patches in his beard from getting pulled out, gobbs of spit just running down his face. As he was walking through that crowd, everyone that hated him, there were a lot of people there that did got their lick in, got their slap in, got their their spit in, and the God of Mount Si, if I can put it like that, came into a place where he became the mercy seat. And and as a God of mercy, he allowed himself to be subjected to that kind of punishment. Right? a beaten bloody mess. That's right. But that precious blood of God that was that ran through his veins, not the blood of Mary. Amen. Not the blood of any man. The blood of God that ran through his veins had to be shed. Why? Because he was at mercy seat. Right? Because just as there was seven stripes of blood on the mercy seat, there had to be the blood to cover the Gentiles. There had to be blood to cover all of humanity. But God was getting ready. Think he blinded his own children, mothers, fathers, imagine turning your back on your own children for somebody else's. When naturally speaking, we love our children more than anyone else in the world. Right. You love other people's children. Absolutely. You'd even give your lives for them. That's right. But when it's your own flesh and blood, it's your children, right, Brother Joel? It's yours. God gave them to you. So imagine you turning your back on them, them despising you and you knew it would be that way and you turned your back on them for children or people that didn't even care about you that were pagans that worshiped false gods and false idols, right? Gentiles carried away with diverse lust. But yet he blinded his own family, the Jewish nation, right? because he wanted to pull out a bride. I can't wrap my mind around it. I'm gonna be honest with you. I can't. But I'm human. But he did that. Amen. The blood of God has got to be spilled. Had to be spilled. Brother Man preached a profound message called the indictment. He took one verse and when they came to the place which is called Calvary there they crucified him. That's right. And he preaches for about two hours on there the most holy place. They the most holy people crucified the most horrible death him the most holy person. Amen. That's right. And while they were doing that the mercy seat was pinned to the cross. And what did he say? Father, forgive them. He had blood running. He was looking at them through the blood. But them eyes won't always have blood in it, brothers and sisters. But he's still a mediator tonight. And he died there forsaken by man and God. hung between heaven and earth. And he cried out, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" And when he cried again with a loud voice, yielded up the ghost, "Behold, the veil of the temple was ran in twain from the top to the bottom." Now, we can we read over this verse pretty easy, but let me give you some details. This temple veil was not just a bed sheet hanging there. Historians and historians say that the height of that veil was 60 feet tall. One story is 10 feet tall. So that's six stories. Could you imagine sixtory tall veil? The width was 30 feet and the thickness was 4 in. It is said to be so thick and heavy that horses tied to each end could not pull it apart. That is the the the size and the magnitude of this veil that was rent from the top all the way to the bottom. You talk about supernatural. You talk about a supernatural occurrence. When he said it is finished and when that temple veil was rent, what did it expose? What did it show? When the temple veil was what was hid the holy place, the holiest of holies, when it ran, it showed Jesus Christ, God's mercy seat on the cross. Amen. Amen. That was the whole purpose of the split is to see that God does not now dwell here. That's his mercy seat. Amen. And the day that Jesus said, "It is finished." That moment it became God did not accept that form of worship anymore. The blood of bulls and goats was over. That's right. And God rent the veil and there you got God's mercy seat. Christ. And one of the soldiers fulfilling the scriptures, but they're all anointed by the devil to crucify Jesus Christ. He gets a spear and he looks up at him and he gets his spear point. of all the men he might have stabbed in battle, there wasn't one like this one. And he puts that spear right up to his that spear point and he shoves it in his side and out of his side came the elements of a new birth. Hallelujah. water and blood and the spirit went back up to God. Amen. That was the mercy seat. The veil, the flesh, you had the mercy seat of Jesus on the cross. But even more than that, when that soldier stuck that spear and gave out the elements for my new birth, for your new birth, that's the veil of his flesh being rent so you can have access to mercy. Amen. Yes, Lord. So he can then forgive you. Your faith in that gives you justification. That's right. He said, "It's finished." The veil was rent at Calvary and the mercy seat came in plain view. Soon after that, just 35, 40 years after that, Rome came in, right? And what did they do? Whenever them Jews, remember Jesus said, "When you see the abomination that make ath desolation come around the holy place, flee." And they begin to rebel against Rome and Rome. The Titus Titus came. And he came and and and besieged Jerusalem. What did they do? Run in the temple. When that temple veil was rent, they either replaced it, they swed it. I don't know what they did, but they went back to Old Testament worship. They filled the temple. They prayed, "God, deliver us. Deliver us." And every one of them died. Mercy was over for them because they rejected the mercy seat. When the bride I'm running out of time, so I' I've got to go fast. When the bride leaves the earth, right? Mercy for the Gentiles goes up with her. And when the tribulation hits, what are they going to do? Fill the churches. God deliver us. God bless America. God deliver us. But mercy will be over. Amen. Why? Because they rejected the message, they rejected the mercy that was sent to them. That's right. Just like they rejected Jesus Christ and then run into the temple and sacrifice and God deliver us. God deliver us. The God of Moses, where are you? They crucify the God of Moses. The God of Moses was now living in in and disciples. 50 days later, he goes on the day of Pentecost and and indwells them. Amen. The mercy seat is Christ Jesus in our heart. You think about this. The mercy seat is Jesus Christ. So if you have the Holy Ghost, the mercy seat is now in you. He says this in the basis of fellowship. He talks about anointed and about hearing the bells. And he says, "Oh, how their hearts long to go in there, holy, holy, holy unto the Lord and know what it did to Aaron. Oh, he lived from year to year to go in, brother Dave." When Aaron went in and he experienced the shakina glory, he couldn't go back in until a year later on the day of atonement. Right? And no doubt people would would come to Aaron, most blessed priest, high priest, what does it feel like to go in there? What does it feel like to go into the shakina glory and the pillar of fire come down over that mercy seat when you offered blood and and God accepted it? What was that like? and Aaron could say, "Oh, it's so wonderful." I could stay there all the time. I left I you know, one time I put my rod in there, I left it in there. It was a dead stick I had for years. And when I went back to get it, it had blossomed. It had made albums. It had made almonds. The whole cycle had had come out right there in a dead a dead stick. It's so wonderful. I can't wait to go back in. Amen. And we get to experience it every day. The presence that's even here now is what they could only experience in a measure in the holiest of holies. What a blessed people that we are. Amen. We can enjoy his shakana glory each and every day. My goodness. He said, "Now, how appropriate it is now, showing that Jerusalem was ceasing when it was in effect until that hour. The blood of the lamb was right, all right, until that day. But now, at the crucifixion, it changes." Now think we're at the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ. Listen to an indictment. Jesus Christ came manifested. He did the same works that he did. They're not nailing They're not nailing anybody to a cross. How do they crucify him? From the church pull pits. Don't go and listen to William Brandon. That's right. The miracles were okay, but when they watch his doctrine, they're still doing it now. That's right. The miracles are okay. And and they'll draw certain things they like from certain sermons. They won't say where they got it from or the inspiration from or yeah, the miracle is okay, but watch that serpent seed or you wash that wash that predestination. No, no, no, no. We don't we don't take that. They're crucifying the word. And he said, "And the day that the denomination crucified the word and accepted a creed instead of the word, that's the day the word come into full effect." That's just been recently. God now requires the token. He requires the token. He requires baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Because the seals have opened the book. Remember the cherubams that were guarding the way of the tree of life until Jesus came. And now in the New Testament after the Holy Ghost, they're now driving the elect to the tree of life. What is what what is John being told by the cherubams in the book of Revelation? Come and see. Come and see. That's right. Because remember the cherubams protected the cherubams are are Matthew, Mark, like the New Testament type, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. They protect the book of Acts. Amen. That's why the denominations can't get over Matthew 28:19. Go ye therefore baptize all nations. But Peter said in the book of Acts, Acts 2:38, which one is it? It's a cherubam. But to you, he's showing you come and see. Whereas before it was a flaming sword to stay away now. He's pulling you. Come on. Come and see. Come back to the tree of life. That's good. I'm out of time. Well, just can you give me five more minutes? Trying to get to my five minute. See if I can find my five minute mark on here. I don't have one. It took a second crucifixion to rent the veil to reveal Jesus Christ, the mercy seat. The second crucifixion, rent the veil. Throughout all the seven out of seven church ages, men were putting their word above God's word. And what what did God say? He said, "I'll spew you out of my mouth." There was a veil that hid is he three. What what's going on? And throughout all the church ages, people were getting all mixed up. But this is end time. He sent a message and it tore the veil. There was a a book, the book of life, sealed with seven seals, everything out from beneath it. Now, God requires the token, the token life of Jesus Christ. And you can imagine when the high priest went in there to offer that blood, all of Israel stood breathless, right? Was he accepted? Did he approach it with enough reverence? Right? Did he walk? as he walked, did he play holy holy unto the Lord? Because if that priest don't come out, then that means the the offering wasn't accepted. All of creation also stood breathlessly one day when a call was made said, "Who is worthy to open the book?" Who is worthy? No man was worthy. So John began to weep. Do you know what was proof that God accepted their offering was when the priest came back out? And when the priest came back out, you could you could release the pressure. My sins are covered. Hallelujah. Could you put up that cloud picture? What's this a picture of? Proof that he came out. Right? Proof that the high priest has emerged, that he was worthy to open the book. Right? See, that's a sign of mercy. A rise and shine. Thy light has come. But to the world, it's judgment. But to you, it's peace. It's shalom. It's mercy. We love that. We're drawn to that. Amen. Because it's the revelation of Jesus Christ. The high priest has emerged because he's worthy. Aren't you so thankful tonight? Let's read Hebrews chapter 9 in closing. Paul's going over the same thing, the mercy seat. In chapter 9 19, for when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calavs and of goats and with water and scarlet wool and hissup and sprinkled both the book and all the people, saying, "This is the blood of the testament which God hath enjoined unto you. Moreover, he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle and all the vessels of the ministry. And almost all things are by the law purged with blood, and without the shedding of blood is no remission. It was therefore necessary that the patterns of things in heavens and the heavens should be purified with these, but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these. For Christ is not entered into the holy place made with hands, which are the figures of the true, but into heaven itself now to appear in the presence of God for us. Amen. Hallelujah. When our Lord Jesus took tore these seals off this book, off the book of life, it was no no no tabernacle of witness made with hands. It was in heaven itself. And he emerged as the only one that was worthy. He is the real high priest. All the men, they were they were they were they were blessed of God in their own respective way. They were types and shadows. They were acting in the place of Christ until he came. Amen. God bless you tonight. Let's stand on our feet. Musicians can come. In the last day, this is when Jesus was on the earth, the great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. He that believeth on me, as the scripture hath said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water." Amen. In Revelations 21:5, "And he that sat upon the throne said,"Behold, I make all things new." And he said unto me, "Write, for these words are true and faithful." And he said unto me, "It is done." Aren't you thankful? It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is a thirst of the fountain of water of life freely. The God who is rich in mercy. What are what what is our hearts holding? The mercy seat veiled behind flesh. Soon God is going to turn from us Gentiles to the Jews. That's right. Right. That's a that's an a reality. Whenever Jesus was on the earth, they couldn't imagine. They looked down on the Gentiles. They could not imagine God going to the Gentiles. But he did. He blinded his own children for that. Last quote, Brother Ram said, "But you see in this book what was redeemed. It was the book of redemption. And everything that he had redeemed was written in that book. All that he died for was written in that book. And he could not leave his mediatorial seat until he had thoroughly redeemed. And he couldn't redeem it at the cross because they were predestinated in the lamb's book of life. He had to stay on there to make intercession until the last person was finished. Glory. He says he's going to remain on that mercy seat until the last one. He's not leaving one. That's right. You think of what he did on Good Friday 2,000 years ago. But you know, Brother Tom, if you would have been the only one that needed it, right? He would have done it. The only one. He would have went through every stripe. He would have went through every agony for one person. That's right. That's my God. That's the God of mercy that I serve. A song has been on our heart on my heart this week and I just want to read the lyrics because I can't sing the lyrics but brother Isaiah Brooks used to always sing this song mercy said no mercy is a person the tree of life is a person they said mercy said no I'm not going to let you go I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said, "No." Sin will never take control. Life and death stood face to face. Darkness tried to steal my heart away. But thank you, Jesus. Mercy said no. And now when heaven looks at me, it's through the blood of Jesus, reminding me of one day long ago that mercy said no. brother and sister, if you don't know him as your Lord and Savior, I would say get in as quick as you can. That's right. Because remember that with the God of Sinai, whenever the the the God that came down, he came in Jesus Christ as a mercy seat. When he stands there at the white throne judgment, there'll be no mercy. That's right. You say, "What about the people that that will go in because they were good to the bride?" And we know that there's a class of people that God allows to enter into eternal life. They, brother Matt, they already did what they did. That's right. They were already good to you. They already ministered to you while there was still mercy. And God just took record of it. On the day of judgment, it ain't going to do no good to say, "Let me do you're you're the bride. Let me do something for you. Everyone that's holy will be holy still. Everyone that's filthy will be filthy still. Get into this word. Get covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. If you're covered by the blood, thank him for it. Let us live a life of thanksgiving, a a life of gratitude and thankfulness that God, you came and you gave your life. so I could enjoy your mercy, so I can have your life. You came and took my sin of my humanity so that I can partake of your godliness. What a blessed savior that we have. God bless you tonight, saints. Brother Matt, I was just in child when I felt my savior leading. I was drawn to what I could not understand. And for the cause of Christ, I have spent my days [Music] believing that what he'd have me be is who I am. [Music] And as I come to see the weaker side of me. Oh, I realize his grace is what I need. sins a man did justice for my soul. Mercy said no. Oh, I'm not going to let you go. Oh, I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. Sin will never take control. Life and death stood face to face and darkness tried to steal my heart away. Thank you Jesus. mercy said [Music] no. God so loved the world that he sent his son to save us. From the cross he built a bridge to set us free. But deep within our hearts there is still a war that rages and makes a sacrifice so hard to see. It's midnight fair on crucif day. The light of hope. It seems so far away. Has he tried to stop redemption? the Lord. Mercy said no. Oh, I'm not going to let you go. Oh, I'm not going to let you slip away. You don't have to be afraid. Mercy said no. Sin will never take control. Will life and death stood face to face and darkness try to steal my heart [Music] away. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, let's sing that again. Mercy said no. Oh, I'm not going to let you go. Oh, I'm not going to let you slip away. Oh, you don't have to be brave. Well, mercy said no. S will never take control. Life and dance to face to face and darkness try to steal my heart away. [Music] Oh, aren't you so glad of that this evening that he would send his only begotten son? to save a wretch like me. Sing a song. Jesus, I love you because you care. [Music] See, not because I'm being so faithful. Not because I've been so good. You always been there for me. to provide my every need. You were there when I was lonely. You there in all my pain guiding my footsteps, shelter from the rain. And it was you who made my life complete who you are to be my everything and that is why I sing. Jesus, I love you because you care. I couldn't imagine if you were in there. [Music] Jesus, I love [Music] you. And because you care, I couldn't imagine if you were there. Oh, you are the joy of my salvation. You're the peace in my storm. Your loving arms protect me. Shelter me [Music] from. Oh, you are [Music] al the beginning and the end. Oh my strong tower, dearest best friend. And it was you who made my life complete. You are to me my everything. And that is why you see Jesus I love you because you care. I couldn't imagine if you were right there. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Oh, because you care. Oh Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. Because you care. One more time. Jesus, I love you. And Jesus, I love you. I love you. Jesus, I love you. I love you. He is the side of you. He calls you. Aren't you so thankful for him this evening? Do you just love him? Can you lift your hand and say, "Lord, I thank you for that blood, that shed blood on Calvary, that all my sins are now gone." When all the scoffers may ask where they're at, I can say they're underneath the blood. Amen. As we prepare for tomorrow, I ask you that you'll just pray for me. God would just use me. Don't you just thank the Lord for what brother William spoke to us. [Applause] Amen. God speaking to us through Brother William this evening. What a mighty God we serve. Maybe we'll sing that as we prepare to be dismissed. What a mighty God we serve. Well, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. Oh, what a mighty God we serve your dismay. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh, our angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. Oh Jesus is that God we serve. Oh Jesus is that God we serve. Oh angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
