################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-21 - How Big is Your God (Part 1) - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 21st, 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-21
Title:   "How Big is Your God?" (Part 1) - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 21st, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDPgX1Qu6fE
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] fly way. [Music] Oh, I can't. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Well, I want to fly away. Oh, just you will pretend there will fly. I'm going to fly away. Oh, to a land where joy shall never end. Well, I I'm going to fly away. Well, I I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Lord, I can't. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. Well, I I'm going to fly away one more time. Well, I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. [Music] Well, I can't die. Hallelujah. Bye-bye. [Music] I'm going to fly away. Amen. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? My what a privilege it is just to serve our Lord. Amen. Living, he loving, dying, he saved. Amen. And don't you just love him this evening? Oh, living he loved me. Dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sins far away. Rising he justified. Freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day when heaven is filled with his praises. One day when sin was black as could be, Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin. Gross amongst me. My example is he living he loved me. Dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sins far away. Rising he justified. freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day they let him off Calvar's mountain. One day they nailed him to die on a tree. Suffering anguish despised and rejected. Bearing my sins, redeemer is he living. He loved me. Dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sins far away. Rising he justified me freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day the grave could conceal him no longer. One day the stone roll away from the door. Then he arose. Oh, death he had conquered. Now he's received my love forever more. Living beloved me. Dying he saved me. Bury he car my sins far away. Rising he justified. Freely forever. One day he's coming. What a glorious day. One day they left him alone in the garden. One day he rested from suffering free. Angels came down to all his visual. Hope for the hopeless. Our savior is here. Living he loved me. Dying he saved me. Bury. He carried my sins away. Rising justify freely forever. One day he's Oh, I like this one right here. Oh, one day the trumpet will sound for his coming. One day the skies will his voice will shine. Wonderful day. My beloved ones bringing this glorious savior. This Jesus is my living. He loved me. Dying, he saved me. Bury, he carried my sins far away. Breathing forever. One day has come. What a glorious day. It will be a glorious day, won't it? Great are you, Lord. Great are you, Lord. We serve a great awesome God. You give life. You are love. You bring light to the dark. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. [Music] And great are you, Lord. You give life. You give light. You are love. You bring light to the dark. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Oh, and great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our love. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. Eat your bread in our lives. So we pour out our praise. Holy Lord, great. Oh, you give life. You give light. You are love. You bring light to dark. You give hope. You restore every heart that is broken. Oh, and great are you with your breath. It's your breath in our lives. So we pour out our praise. Pour out our praise. It's your breath in our love. So we pour out our praise. Holy great. Oh, and all the earth. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you Lord of All the earth. Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will rise. These bones will sing. Praise are you Lord of all the earth. Oh and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lives. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. Eat your bread in our lives. So we pour out our praise. Holy Lord, great are you Lord. Amen. See of victory. Key of D. Weapon may be formed but it won't prosper. When the darkness falls through, we won't prevail. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. Oh my God will never fail. [Music] Oh yes, my God will never fail. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Well, I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to sing a victory. Well, I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Well, there's power in the mighty name of Jesus. Oh, every war he wages, he will win. [Applause] Oh, I'm not backing down from any giant. Oh, see, I know how this story ends. Oh, yes, I know how the story ends. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see a victory for the battle. Oh, it belongs to the Lord. Oh, I'm going to sing a victory. Oh, I'm going to sing a victory for the battle belong. Oh, can you sing that tonight? I'm going to sing. I'm going to sing a victory. Oh, I'm going to sing a victory for the battle. Oh, yes. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Well, I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] You take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Oh, you turn it for good. Oh, you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. Oh, you turn it for good. Oh, you take me. Oh, you take what the enemy meant for evil. Oh, and you turn it for good. Oh, you turn it for good and you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. for the battle. Oh, it belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see your victory. Well, I'm going to see your victory for the battle. Oh, can we sing that one more time? Going to sing it. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. Oh, I'm going to see the victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Well, I'm going to see a victory. Well, I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Amen. Don't you have that confidence this evening that I'm going to see a victory in my life because it belongs to the Lord? Amen. Let's go to the prayer requests this evening. Want to continue to remember each and every one of our elderly sick folks. Want to pray for sister June Shifflet. Uh she had fallen this week. I want to pray that God would just touch her body and strengthen her as well as brother Clarence and Sister Betty. I want to continue to remember brother Roger, sister Anne Sailor. God would touch them as well as our sister Sarah Gooden as well as our sister Teresa Gooden in our prayers. I want to pray for our pastor, brother Ron Spencer, that God would just use him this evening to minister to us, bring us the word of life, touch his body as well. I want to remember brother Bill and sister Teresa Delaney, the battles they're going through, as well as Sister Wanda Hinkle and the family there. Uh, I have an unspoken request that I would like help praying about. Thank you, Sister Rachel Snyder. Amen. Hey, we would to have a unspoken request and say, "Lord, just pass by my way. Meet the need upon my heart." Amen. I'm going to ask brother William Bolivan just come pray over these needs for us this evening. God bless you. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you in prayer. Lord, what a great and awesome God that you are, Lord. And you're so loving and kind. And Lord, we just worship you, Lord, from the depths of our heart. Father, we just want to lift up your name and see your name high and lifted up because you're so worthy. Lord, you're so good to us, Lord, and you pour out so many blessings on us each and every day. And we just want to tell you that we love you, Father. And Lord Jesus, we just want to humble ourselves this evening, oh God, and ask that you forgive us of all of our sins, Lord. Everything that we've done and said or thought that was displeasing to you, we just ask that even now, we put it under the blood of Jesus Christ, Father, and ask that you forgive us. We thank you, Lord, for your word that you sent to us in this end time. And thank you, oh God, that you've given us an ear to hear, that the truth of this age, oh God, the voice of the bridegroom, oh Lord, has caught our attention and you've called us unto yourself. How we thank you, Lord, for that above all things. We thank you, Lord Jesus, that we have an ear to hear what your spirit is saying in this end time. Lord, you see each and every heart, Lord. You heard each and every request. Lord, you care about every situation. You care about every struggle that we face. You care about everything we go through, Lord. And Lord, your word says that the footsteps of the righteous are ordered of the Lord. And we go through things. But Lord, you're right there with us. Even when we don't see you, we're you're still working. Even when we don't feel you, you still work. You're always working, Father. And you promise that all things would work together for our good. We just lift up all these requests and faith to you, Lord, even now. Pray that you meet, Lord, oh God, all the sick and needy. encourage the brokenhearted and heal the sick, Father, Lord, and just cast out the enemy, oh God, that are trying to daily attack our lives. We just love you and ask that you bless each and every life, Lord, oh God, that was represented by an uplifted hand. We pray for brother Ron this evening as it brings forth a word. Oh God, as he breaks, Lord, the word of life, may it be more than a man that stands here tonight. Speak your word to our hearts that will give you the praise, honor, and glory. Bless this offering now. We ask you bless everyone in attendance, those that would hear by way of the internet, Lord. And we just ask that you bless your children, Lord, across this nation and around the world. We love you. We give you all praise, honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, brother. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this evening's offering. You give us God's blessed you. Have Sister Beth Robinson sing for us this evening. They'll have sister Crystal and Sister Emma come sing as they're preparing the offering. That's sing that song. You ask me why I'm happy, I'll just tell you why my sins are gone. Aren't you glad of that? Aren't you glad you can say that? Well, you ask me why I'm happy. So, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. [Music] And when I meet those callers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. [Music] Was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. [Music] Well, the Lord took possession. Will the devil depart? I'm glad. My sins are gone. Oh, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far as love is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, when Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me down, well, I say my sins are gone. Well, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad my sins are gone. [Music] They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from dawn. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, good enough for me. Praise God. My sone. [Music] Amen. You can be seated. [Music] God who hears and answers when we call his name. Pray. [Music] If we believe he can change a situation for our good, pray. When chaos is lurking all around and fear has gripped our hearts, just pray. When we're overwhelmed with the cares of life and our world is crashing down, pray. Pray till the heavens are open. Pray. Just pray. When we call upon the name of Jesus, there's authority. Pray. [Music] Pray till the darkness is broken. Pray. [Music] Just pray. Every stronghold will come down. Circumstances turn around. Pray. [Applause] [Music] If we believe these troubled times we're living in can turn around, pray. If we know we serve a God who's standing for us, not against us, pray. With every challenge that we face, there's a victory we can claim. [Music] finding strength that we need. Humbly bowing we receive. Pray, [Music] pray till the heavens are open and pray. Just pray. [Music] When we call upon the name of Jesus, there's authority. Pray. [Music] Pray till the darkness is broken. Pray. Just pray. Every stronghold will come down. Circumstances turn around. Pray. [Music] Oh, just pray [Music] till the heavens are over. must pray. When we call upon the name of Jesus, there's authority. Pray. Oh, just pray till the darkness is broken. Pray. Just pray. Every stronghold will come down. Circumstances turn around. Pray [Music] till you touch heaven. Pray. Reach out and touch him. Pray. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] There's grace when the heart is under fire. another way when the walls are closing in. And when I look at the space between where I used to be in this reckoning, I know I will never be alone. Was another in the fire. Standing next to me was another in the waterers holding back the sea. Should I ever need reminding of how I've been set free. There is a cross that bears a burden. Where another died for me. is another in the fire. All my dead beneath the waters. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to my sin anymore. [Music] And should I fall in the space between what remains of me and this reckoning, either way, I won't bow to the things of this world. And I know I will never be alone. There is another in the fire standing next to me. There is another in the waterers holding back the sea. Should I ever need reminding the power set me free. There is a grave that holds nobody and the power lives in me. There is another in the fire. Oh, there is another in the fire. Oh, there is another in the fire. Oh, and I can see the light in the darkness as the darkness bows to him. I can hear the roar in the heavens as the space between thin. I can feel the ground shake beneath us as the prison walls cave in. Nothing stands between us. Nothing stands between us. [Music] Be another in the fire standing next to me. There'll be another in the waterers holding back the sea. And should I ever needing [Music] how good you've been to me, I'll count the joy of every battle. Cuz I know that's where you'll be. Be another in the fire. Oh, be another in the fire. Oh. [Music] Amen. Could you testify to that? Amen. Let's stand. Stand on precious love of God. [Music] flat spoke. You were singing over me. You have been so so good to me. Before [Music] I took a breath, you breathed your life for me. You have been so so kind to me. Worth the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. Fight till life the night. And I could in earn it and I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. I was your go still your love fall me [Music] and you have been so so good to me [Music] when I felt no you hated it all for me. You have been so so kind to me. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me down. Fight till life found leaves the night. And I couldn't hurt it. And I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming [Music] neverending precious love of God. [Music] There's no shadow you won't light up. mountain you won't climb up and coming after me. There's no wall you won't get down like you won't tear down coming after me. [Music] There's no shadow you won't light up. Mountain you won't climb up. coming back to me. There's no wall you won't like you won't take down. Come back. [Music] There's no shadow you won't mountain. You won't come after me. There's no wall you won't kick down like you won't tear out. Coming after me. There's no shadow. There's no shadow. You won't you won't light up. Come down to me. There's no wall you won't kick down. Lie you won't tear it out. Coming after me. [Music] Never ending precious love God. Oh, it chases me, fights till life, leaves the night. I could earn it. I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious. Oh, can we sing that one more time? Oh, the overwhelming neverending preious love of God. Oh, it chases me. Fights till I found these the night and I could I don't deserve it. Still you give yourself away. Oh, the overwhelming neverending precious love of God. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound saved a wretch like me. me. ing grace. How sweet the sound [Music] that save the rich I [Music] was lost for Now I found Oh, I was blind. But now I see brother Ron. [Applause] Grace that taught my heart to fear and grace. [Music] Hallelujah. How praise [Music] did that grace appear the hour I thirst [Music] the name let's sing that chorus just make it ring to him today. Amazed. Sing grace, how sweet [Music] the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm [Music] blind, but now I see. Well, those two songs alone is worth coming to church for. Amen. Amen. What an overwhelming presence of the Lord. And Amen. It's just like the song says, isn't he wonderful? Amen. So good to see each and every one of you this evening. And we certainly love you with all of our hearts on this Saturday evening. And it's been a while for me to speak on Saturday evening. So I think Homer was still alive when I spoke on Saturday evening. So that's been a few days. And so Amen. God bless you. Amen. We sure praying for Andrew and and that meeting there. I understand they had a wonderful service last night than today and andrew will be speaking tonight at some point. And so praying for that group of people. Amen. I got a couple announcements for you as we go forward. And we got a special guest tonight. Brother Jeff Breeden is in the house. Amen. Amen. And for those that don't know, he is brother Davey and brother Jerry's father and sister Tammy's husband and longtime boyfriend. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Jeff is going through some health issues and as I told you, I was going to the hospital last week to on a mission. Amen. You know, and I spoke to him before and he kind of just brushed it off. But when we talked on Sunday, things were different. I like it when things are different. And uh and so he's we're so glad to have him on the team. Amen. And so we want to pray for him that he's he's got a I don't know quite all of it, but he's got a tumor on his pancreas and then some things going on with his liver and they are cancerous. So we want to pray that come on the scene for him and we know we know the doctor and we know the doctor and so cancer shouldn't scare this church. It really shouldn't scare this church. might scare a lot of people, but it shouldn't scare this church. And so, Amen. We've heard from a higher power. And so, we thank the Lord for that. Sister Sue, Sister Autumn, and Brother Jonathan have put together your phone books for the year. And so, we want to thank them for doing that. And so, we just going to give the Lord praise and honor for that. And so one goes to every family and uh and they will be they'll be in the back of the building uh giving those out tonight and tomorrow. Amen. Thank you, Sister Sue. Everybody that worked on that. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. That's a tedious pro process to make sure everybody's got the right numbers. So, Amen. I don't know if I've got the right power here. So, Amen. And so we just pray that God would be with us this evening. Amen. Listen, if you're paying any attention to the news, the news is telling you that you got to go home. You You no longer have just a prophet telling you, but the news is telling you you got to go home. And so, cuz what they're getting ready to do over there, the bride's not supposed to be here. So, amen. I like it when it's going to be that way. And so, Amen. And so, we just love the Lord. Thanking. We're praying for Israel. She's going to win. No matter how impossible it looks, she's going to win. And so, Amen. Amen. Amen. They have a have quite a leader there in Netanyahu and a lot of real godly people to fight. I'm sure there's some that's not so godly and you need those kind to fight too, sir. Amen. So, we want to pray for them and and pray for the people that live there. I'll be honest with you, I don't know how they're making it three and four times a day in the bomb shelters and running and hiding. How do you keep working? How do you get groceries? How do you do all of that? Amen. And Amen. So, we want to pray that God would just be with him in a special way. Amen. If you will turn with me to Hebrews chap 11 and verse one. I want to speak to you tonight and tomorrow on how big is your God. Amen. I think this is quite a statement. How big is your God? Amen. So good to have each and every one of you. Amen. Brother Marcus is here. You in a boot. I'll give you a piece of advice, Brother Marcus. After you get to a certain spot in your life, you retire from sports. Amen. I understand grandkids. So, I'm not retired yet. So, I'm just more careful. Hebrews chap 11 and verse one. Could we just read these first three verses together tonight because they're so powerful. Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. For by it, the elders obtained a good report. Through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God. So that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. Amen. Maybe you have a need. You just want to bring it before the Lord. Let's just raise our hand before God. Lord Jesus, we love you tonight and we're so thankful to stand at this sacred desk one more time. I ask you that you would anoint us in a special way. Father, your word is anointed, but Lord, we ask you that you would bring us inspiration to speak your word just now. Lord, anoint this audience. Many of us have incredible needs and we need you to pass by. and father the great physicians in the building. I remember one time having stomach issues and had blisters all through my body through my the my stomach and all through my colon and sitting in a service where brother Tim Puit was preaching the great physician came by and I didn't have to take another pill from that night forward. You're that kind of a God and I want to thank you for it. Lord, we welcome you to where we are. Lord, we ask you that you'd speak to us in a special way now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. You may be seated. Recently the Pentagon began to have a worship service once a month and they have that service. It's a half an hour on company time, your government time. And all the believers that are there, not necessarily believers like us, but Christians, they come, they come together to pray and they invite a speaker to come and and heads pastor from Kentucky, Nowhereville, Kentucky. They ask him to be the first speaker. And so I heard he was going to be the speaker. So I went and watched it. I thought it would be interesting. a country a country preacher is going to address the greatest military might in the world. And I thought, you know, I I pray that God help him. I I I I did. I I honestly asked the Lord to help him. And so he got up and began to talk to them at how that you're the most powerful army, the most with the most powerful weapons, but you're human beings. But we serve a great God. Amen. and that God is greater than all of humanity. Right? And he reminded them that just because you have the weapons at your disposal don't make you God. You must pray. You must dedicate time before you pull triggers. That's right. I'm praying for our president right now. He's got a huge decision to make. It's a possibility of World War II is just right in front of us. And hey, we got to go home. Are you with me? The Pope's in his place. President's in his place. Russia's in their place. That's right. Israel's in their place. The bride's in her place. [Applause] I want to say this as a prophet would say it to us. May I say this to you? You're the most powerful body in the world. You're a piece of the bride all over the earth. We all heard the same prophet. That prophet speaking greatest prophet since Jesus Christ stood on the earth and displayed Jesus Christ himself even to the point that men would worship brother Brandaman he quickly quit made sure that you didn't worship him but he was bringing a message from the throne understanding that as a believer then he would turn to you as a believer and he'd say a believer has more authority than the angels that are in heaven. Where is that authority at? It's in prayer. It's in the word of God. Listen, this word that is presented to before you is not poetry. It's not some historical facts that come together, but it's the most powerful book that has ever been written by the most powerful author. That's right. Now, when we begin to there's no way that I can touch the even the tip of this, how great is our God, but if if you would just give me some leniency, we'll try. Amen. Psalms chapter 33 and verse 6, by the word of the Lord where the heavens made. Remember, brother Brandham says, "God spoke it and believed his own word and and all of the most host of them by the breath of his mouth." Isaiah chapter 40 and verse 26. Lift up your eyes, oh high. And behold, who hath created these things that bringeth their host by n number. He calleth them by all by names, by the greatness of his might, for that he is strong in power, and not one faileth. Come on. It is impossible for God to fail. That's enough to shout about right there. It is totally impossible for God to fail. Hallelujah. Revelations 4:11, "Thou art worthy, oh Lord, to receive glory and honor and power, for thou hast created all things." Thank you, Lord. And for thy pleasure they are and were created. The scripture tells us that greater is he that is in the world. Amen. Greater is he that is in you. Forgive me. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. I think if you could just think about that right now, you have more power than the president of the United States. You have you have more power than Putin. That's right. Cuz you're connected to a great big God. Revelations chap 21 and verse one. When I read this, I I feel like I want to shout every time I read it. And I saw a new heaven and a new earth. For the first heaven and the first earth were passed away, and there was no more sea. And I, John, saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And I heard a great voice out of heaven, saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall shall be with them, and be their God, and God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death." Amen. Amen. How big is God? There'll be no more death. There's neither sorrow nor crying or neither shall there be any more pain for the former things are passed away and he that sat upon the throne said behold I make all things new I don't think in our mind we can fathom that sentence right there and he said unto me write for these These words are true and faithful. When I read that, behold, I make all things new. We live in the last couple of generations with people that want to they realize that man has polluted the earth. And they've come under a a a sense of we've got to start fixing things on the earth. We got to have clean air. We got to stop pollution. We got to stop doing that. And listen, they have spent billions and trillions of dollars, right? System trying to undo what they've done. And God will do it all in a moment. [Applause] He'll do it all in a moment. [Applause] He stretches out the heavens. Isaiah 40 and verse 22. He stretches out the heavens like a canopy. And he spreads them out like a tent to live in. What a what a thought. And and God created Isaiah 40:12. God created the stars and the galaxy with a word. Scientists say the universe is over 93 billion light years wide. You won't do that in a day. And yet God holds it in the palm of his hands. Psalms 90 and verse two. Before the mountains were born or you brought forth the whole world from everlasting to everlasting. You are God. Amen. I want you to think about this. God exist outside of time before there was even a beginning and he still never changes. You've been married any time at all, you know that God's great. Psalms 147 and verse 5. I'm not I'm believing. Great is our Lord and mighty in his power. His understanding has no limit. I'm reading out the Passion translation. You just hang right with me. God knows all things. That's quite a statement in it. God knows all things. past, present, future. God contains the greatest library that there's ever been and he's never forgot it. He understands your thoughts before it comes out of your mouth. Some things are left better unsaid. God knows you completely. Now we think about how great he is. Jeremiah 32 and verse1 17. Sovereign Lord you have made the heavens and the earth by your great power and outstretched arms. Nothing is too hard for you. Why are you preaching this? Because some of us has got needs that we think God can't fix. Going to preach to you. Some of us think God can't fix this. Are you kidding me? Are you kidding me? Let's just keep going. Ephesians chapter 3 and verse 18. And I pray that you may grasp how wide and long and high and deep is the love of Christ. Listen, there's no sin that's too deep. You will hold a grudge. You will hold it against one another. But there's no sin that's too deep. Look over at your neighbor. Let's just cover it. Look over at your neighbors and God says that there's no sin too deep. There's no heart that's too far away. God reaches further than you could ever run. He's bigger than your fears. He's greater than your struggles. And he's stronger than your enemy. Just smile at the devil right now. You know you want to win inside. Those Israelites got to be smiling over there. They know. They know we're going to win. We got to win. I want to say more than just natural Israel. Spiritual Israel is going to win. The bride of Jesus Christ is not going down. She's going up. I love this next. The Lord is near to all that call on him. God is as far away as you put him. Come on. Brother Brandon prays a prayer that I think's outstanding. I want you to just think how critical even in a service that things are and he says while we have our heads bowed I want I want person who you're sitting next to I want you to lay your hands on that person next to you and just lay your hands on them inside and outside no matter where you are talking about inside and outside of the building he said, "Lay your hands." He said, "I don't care what you have a need of. That doesn't matter a bit." That's right. Now, we're serving an a limitless God. And your need doesn't matter a bit. I don't care where that person is, might be across the seas, across the ocean, no matter where it is, God car covers all space, feels all time. He's omnipotent. He's omnipresent. He's infinite. He's here now. And he hears your prayer. Amen. And the Bible said that these signs shall follow them that believe and each one of you are a believer. Lay your hands on the sick and they shall recover. Brother Ron, how powerful is prayer? Brother Brand, it's more powerful than an atomic bomb. Moses prayed and Egypt, the greatest soldiers in the world, became fish food. Daniel prayed and lions laid down only to later eat up his foes. I like this next one. Elijah prayed and outrun the horses of the king 40 miles. That's right. I'm not talking about a 40 yard dash. An old prophet got under the anointing of God. Brother Ron, I it's hard for me to grasp. Well, let me come now to your address for in 2 Corinthians chapter 5 and verse 17. Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature. All things are passed away and behold, all things are become new. God rewrites your life. I'd like to say it like this. He takes your old book, the old chapters, the old things, and he tears it out of the book. [Music] Isn't that powerful? Now, none of us has had a day like Job. None of us. None has had a year like Job. And I want you to just listen to this conversation. You've been a Christian a while. You know this where we're going. In Job chapter 38 and verse one, then the Lord answered Job out of a whirlwind and said, "Who is it that darkeneth and counsel by the words without knowledge?" G up now thy loins like a man, for I will demand of thee and and answer thou me. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? Declare if you understanding, who laid the measures thereof, if thou knowest, or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof it fastenth? And who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. I want to read a quote before I I go further. Brother B says, "Who is this Job?" When he said, "Where was thou when I laid the foundation of the earth? When the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy, who were those sons of God that was shouting for joy, Jesus told them, "I had joy with you before the foundation of the world." I want you to notice this next sermon, this next quote. We're not creatures of time. We're creatures of eternity. We're not creatures of time. We're creatures of eternity. Now, I want you to understand this real clearly before I go on. When God come down to Job, God didn't come to him like some of his friends did and said, "Have you sinned?" Why are you in the situation? As a matter of fact, in this conversation, God doesn't mention any of the circumstances. God don't come to your level. He brings you up to his cuz he don't want to get down in your pity party. And when he brings you up to his, he gives you eyes. You're no longer under the control of all of the things that are going on in your life. I find it amazing. You can have a wreck of a week. walk in on Saturday night or Sunday morning and God raise you up and give you a temporary resurrection to where you forget everything that's going on in your life. We are not creatures of time. But we're creatures of eternity. It's hard to wrap your mind about, but remember, we serve a great big God. Paul writes it like this. Second Corinthians chapter 5 and verse one. For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. That's right. Somewhere there's a 5 foot five redheaded brown healthy Yeah. Come on. That body didn't fall 40 ft. That body wasn't snake bitten. That body was wasn't burned. That body it's not fighting cancer. The devil. For in this we groan earnestly desired to be clothed upon with our house which is of is from heaven. If so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we that are in this tabernacle do groan being burdened, not for that way we would be unclothed or but clothed upon that immortal that mortality might be swallowed up of life. Now he that hath wrought us for the selfsame thing is a God who also hath given us the eternal the earnest of the spirit. Therefore we are always confident. I love this quote. Therefore we are always confident knowing this. Whilst we are at home in the body we are absent from the Lord. For we walk in faith, not by not by sight. We're confident, I say, and willing rather to be absent from the body and to be present with the Lord. I just read, you can't lose. That's right. You're going to die. Yeah, but I'm going to be with God. [Music] Do you get it? You're going to die. Yeah, but I'm going to be with God. [Music] Genesis 22 and 10. And Abraham stretched forth his hand and took the knife to slay his son. And the angel of the Lord called unto him out of heaven and said,"Abraham, Abraham." And he said, "Here am I." And he said, "Lay not thine hand upon the lad, neither do anything unto him. For now I know that thou fears God." Seeing, "Thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son from me." That's what they're fighting for over over there. They can't figure out that only son. Amen. And Abraham lifted up his eyes, and he looked, and behold, behind him a ram caught in the thicket by his horns. And Abraham went and took the ram and offered up for a burnt offering in thestead of his son. And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah Gyra. And it is said, "To this day, in the mount of the Lord, it shall be seen." And the angel Lord called to Abraham out of the heaven the second time. I want to show you how big God is. And said, "By myself have I sworn, saith the Lord. For because thou hast done this thing, thou hast not withheld thy son, thine only son, that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed." Notice what he says. as the stars of the heaven, as the sand which which is upon the seashore. And thy seed shall possess the gates of his enemy. And in thy seed shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because thou hast obeyed my voice. Amen. The next time you're at a beach, we don't go to the beach. Okay. Well, you just kind of imagine a little bit. Reach down and grab yourself a fistful of hand. Sand. Thank you. In your hand, grab a fistful of sand. Say that 10 times quick. Now you've only started. Count the grains. That's right. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. That's impossible, brother Ron. Well, just think about it. The sand from all over the earth and God said, "So shall thy seed be." Look at the stars of the heaven. That's right. We could preach tonight on from dust to stars. And when in the night time, Abraham could look up before pollution and could see all the stars of the heavens. Try to count them. Try to count them. God wrote his first Bible up there. That's right. You can't count them. They're innumerable. So shall thy seed be. He was troubled having one son. And God's telling him, "Your sons are going to be like the sand of the of the sea and the stars of the heaven." I was in Utah. Connie and I were headed to a meeting. and they canceled our flight. Now, we've done spent one night trying to get there. Now, we're getting ready to spend another night. Well, they worked us in to where we could fly later that evening. And so, they give us a meal. The guy standing beside of me had the same problem. He was heading into a wedding, but I was too. I was just going to preach at it. a convention and he was headed to a natural wedding of a friend. This boy was a Jewish boy. And so they they offered me the best steak in the house in the in the airport. And I said, "Well, he needs it." He said, "Yeah, I do." I said, "He's going to eat with me." So they gave me enough vouchers to where he could eat with me. So, we were sitting across the table and and the food came and we just was making small talk and I said, "It's time to pray." Okay, you go ahead. And so I prayed and uh I said, "Are you a Christian?" He said, "No, I'm a Jew." I said, "Well, we're linked in the scriptures." Amen. Come on. He said, "I don't know about that." I said, "Oh, yeah." I said, "Now, Abraham was promised a seed as the sand of the sea." Now, that's his natural seat. And you're one of them. I said, "We're actually in the same family." Really? And I said, "But if you'll look up, that's his spiritual seat." That's right. Before the evening was over, I led that doctor to the Lord. He got tired. Now think about it. If I don't have went to his office, he would have never let me in. I wouldn't have been able to spend five minutes with him. But God knew I needed to testify to that guy. So he delayed those planes, had dinner with him. Ain't nothing changed by God. I led him to the Lord and he got weary. He got tired and so he don't he said, "If you don't mind, I'm just going to lay at your feet." Me and Connie was sitting there and that guy actually laid so close to my feet, he was on my feet. When we arrived in Edmonton, he went and got all of his friends in tuxedos and he said, "I've met the most important man I've ever met in my life. This man led me to Jesus Christ. I'll see him one day. How you know that I led that man to Jesus Christ and I looked to him. I looked for him for 20ome years. Amen. I want to ask you, how big is our God? Brother Random said there's only one form of eternal life and that comes from God. And he forone ordained every creature that would ever have it. Just as you were in the gene in your father, you was in the gene of God. one of his attributes to begin with or you'll never be there. You come forth in the bedding ground of your mother and your father and didn't know it. Amen. You were in his loins and you come forth in the bedding ground of your mother. Then you become a human being and are made in the image of your father. Now you can have fellowship with them. He says, notice this next words, and the same thing by God. Amen. Amen. If you've got eternal life, right, brother Brandon would say, you are as eternal as God is eternal. That might stretch your mind just a little bit. Why not? So why do you let the devil whisper in your ear, "I'm going to destroy you. Come on. Come on. Why whisper in your ear? Don't listen to his lie. He doesn't have enough power. That's right. He doesn't have enough power. That's right. Come on. To destroy you. That's right. Now, God spoke his word and he believed his own word. The sun begin to come into existence because he said, "Let there be light." Right? There's authority. Where did he make it from? I don't know. I like how brother Baron said, "I don't know. There was nothing to make it from." But he believed his own word and there was light and I can see a piece fly off of that and it's a meteor and flew maybe a million years or or a hundred billion years if you can call it that and it circle way around and I can see him standing there watching it and it falls down here and he stops it and then another falls for 100 million years and and let it hang into orbit and here comes another one flying off the sun and it goes all over and it hangs hangs down and he stops it there. What is he doing? Right? He's writing his first Bible. You went to school and they said it was a big bang theory. It's a big bang theory. All right. He said then let's let us notice here. Yonder I see now all out in space that all is God without form forever. For eternities, no beginning and no ending. It's all God. Before there was even air, there was God. The very beginning of nature and creation was God. That's right. Amen. And now the Bible teaches us that the logos went out from God. Or I might just say it, the God becoming his first body form. The logos went out from God. Let's just look at it like no one has ever seen the father at any time. Nowhere. Never did and never will. But then the logos went out from him become like a little halo of light. Let's see it play in yonder like a child before the doorstep of his father. And now I can see him as he moves over here and he draws into this his memory or his mind a picture of what the world should be like. You know it had to blow some of those theologians mind. There stands a seventh grade educated guy. That's right. And he says, "Now I'm going to explain how it came into existence." Yeah, you are. Yeah, you are. We got schools that can't explain it. And there because the bride needed to know, not some bunch of churches needed to know. the bride needed to know cuz you came out of him and you're going back to him. So, it's important for God to open the book. Yes, sir. And God to say, "This is how I made it." Amen. And in saying it, he's telling you how big he is. I hear him say, "Let there be." And an atom broke under. And when it did, the sun came into existence and began to whirl and she burned for a million years and millions millions of years, you know. And then scientist says it's going to burn out one day. Are you kidding? Are you serious, brother Ron? We got to conserve light cuz it's going to go away. How stupid. God said, "Let there be light." [Music] After after a while, I see a clinker fly off. The first star that fell a million years. Then another one flies off. And he let it. And he's writing a Bible. God wrote three Bibles. One the zodiac, one the pyramids, and one them on paper. Right? He starts off with the virgin, ends up with Leo the lion. Jesus first coming and his second coming. If we had time, we'd run right through it and you'd see it. But he writes that because he for man to look up. God is above. Then after he gets all all the heavens and the solar systems written out, then I can see him move over a clinker over the earth and there was nothing but iceberg hanging out there. And he moves it all around the sun and as he begins to revive it around, he melts all the water and the ice on it. And the icebergs come flying through down through Texas. Texas is formed. Louisiana, brother Tim. God formed Louisiana before he did Virginia, obviously. And through there, where it scraped off and the chronological tell us that those icebergs went on and into the Gulf and so forth, the world's without form and void, right? And water was upon the deep. This quote quote means a whole lot to me because brother Biscll was quoting this quote in North Carolina and it was preaching a sermon called bringing order out of chaos and I was sitting in the balcony a year later after being burned. I couldn't walk up steps without taking breaks. And he was talking about the chaos of your life and the chaos of a cell in your body and the chaos of how sickness will hit you. And he said, "God can bring order back to that body." Listen, I didn't wait till the end of the service. I stood up right there. This quote was being formed and he was preaching this quote. I stood up in the balcony, raised my hands to God. I felt a pressure tank of air come down on me. I felt like my lungs was going to blow up. I was constantly at the doctor because of lung infections. To this day, even with cancer, I haven't had one lung infection. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm trying to behave because I got a lot of ground and I'm not going to be much longer. The B says, "Standing not long ago with a friend of mine, I had the privilege of leading to Christ, Burke call in New Hampshire, a hunting partner, and he was standing by a cold brook falls up in the Aderandac, and it was such a mammoth big falls. I taken my family there last year to look at it way back from the road. You have to hike to get back there and to get to it. And he said, "When we seen that blue green water pouring with such mighty power out of the mountains, gushing down over those rocks, Bert stood there and looked at me and he said, "Gee, Billy, it makes a man feel just real little." Amen. And he measured about a quarter of an inch on his fingers. And I said, "That's right, Bert." That was all that he knowed of getting into the presence of God to see his creation. Amen. And I wonder the man who wrote how great there art if he didn't look up one night and look at the stars and how far they are away. A few months ago, Brother Fred and Brother Wood and I was standing with Brother Mclli out in the Arizona desert and he was measuring trying one star to see how close the other one was and with a millions and billions of miles apart. They didn't look like they were a quarter of a inch from each other. Then we begin to think according to the scientific proof those stars are probably farther away from each other than we are from them. Then we can realize how little we are when we realize how great he is. I know you want to shout, but just hang with me just a couple more minutes. He said, "I think if a person would look up toward the skies, you might cry like a that Swedish author of that song, how great thou art." Amen. to see those little stars maybe that don't look like they're four inches apart in the skies and yet they're further from each other than we are from them. And he said, "And yet God controls it all." Me too. Me too. He said there was never one like him on earth and never will be. He was Emmanuel. He was alpha and omega. The beginning and the end. He that was, which is, and shall come, the root and the offang spring of David, the morning star. In him dwell the fullness of God, God. Jehovah, our savior, Emmanuel, the door of the sheepfold, he that was, which is, and which shall come, the lily of the valley. Oh God, how wonderful. No matter Isa no wonder Isaiah said counselor prince of peace the mighty God Jeff can you hear me back there he's a mighty God those doctors they have limits but we got a high physician that's a mighty God Oh my. The scripture says, "In the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word was God." Amen. and the word was made flesh and manifested unto us. That's a that's a way to explain God, isn't it? I bet you when he wrote that down, I bet you he danced for an hour when that was released. I bet he had an oldfashioned shouting jubilee. I can't believe what just came to my heart. That's right. I can't believe it. Because if you're in God, you have all of that at your disposal. In 1 Timothy chapter 3 and verse 16, without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. For God was manifested in flesh, handle with our hands God. Jehovah, it's astounding. It's startling to think that God who put the solar system into space and made the stars stars that is a thousand times bigger than this world. Amen. You're going on vacation. Some of you going on vacation this year and you go, I I want to I want to see something astounding. Everywhere you go has its own beauty. Amen. If you go to the desert, it's got its own duty. You go to the mountains, they've got their own duty. That's right. We live here in the Shannondo Valley and it's got its own duty. Amen. Amen. When you go west to the Rockies, it's got its own beauty. Hallelujah. No matter what park that you go to that our nation has preserved, it's got its own beauty. And you can stand there and go. Thank you, Lord. There's a train in Canada. I haven't had the opportunity to do it on my bucket list. bucket keeps filling up. Praise the Lord. And and it's a train to where that the top is glass and they they take you from Vancouver all the way into Calgary and then further and you can just sit there and every turn of that train has a new sight. Amen. A friend of mine was on that train and he said, "I didn't want to go to sleep." He said, "I didn't want to go to sleep." And it was a long time to be on that train. I didn't want to go to sleep cuz I didn't want to miss nothing. I kind of feel the same way. We have such a great big God. [Applause] I've gave this some thought through the years and it's kind of been on a wish list. Sometime in heaven, sometime I it don't have to be at the first of heaven. Don't and there's no end. I like for God to show me how he did it. and he blowed all of those stars off of his fingertips. Brother Ron, that's just way farfetched. That's what he said. That's what he said. That's what he said. Maybe I'll end it like this. There's no other church has had a a prophet like we've had. I mean, he's not He's not one of the boys yet. He was man. I was at Billy Andrews one time. Let me tell this before I go further. I was at Billy Andrews one time and AA Allen's organ player was there. He knew Billy because he had played for Billy and Billy had huge tents and they they worked together sometimes. And so he was at the meeting and I preached and he enjoyed it and wanted to be around me a little bit. And so we went over to uh Billy's organ player's house. He's pa he's passed now, Brother Baxter. And I asked him, I said, 'You played while Brother Brandham preached. ' Yeah, I did. I said, 'I have a question for you. What' you think of Brother Brandham? Cuz AA Allen preached 100 miles an hour, stomp, jump, run all over the place, climb poles. Amen. I said, "What'd you think about Brother Brandham?" He said, "He was a slow speaker. He's just real slow. Real deliberate. You know, I said, "Is that what you got out of it?" Brother Brown was a slow speaker. He said, "Never one like him." Amen. Never one like him. He said, you know, and he just he just went on and I figured I'd just let him talk. He said, you know, he said when he would back off and say, I take every spirit in this building under my control, he said, I have never witnessed nothing like it. He said he had a stage presence like no other man. I said, "Did you see the angel?" He said, "No, but I sure felt him. And he said, "I witnessed miracle after miracle after miracle." Tell them where they came from and what their address was and what the doctor had told them. And listen to a tape today. And brother Brandham is praying for a woman and the doctors couldn't tell you what was wrong with this woman. She had went everywhere to find out what was wrong with her. Didn't have a guy like you in the MRI staff. And so she comes before brother Brandham and he said, "They haven't been able to find out what's wrong with you." I want you to watch what he does. He says, "I see when you were a little girl, you fell down in a well. And you fell so hard it caused all your organs inside to cut loose. That's what your problem is. Listen to that woman that had been in all them doctors. Brother Ron, I don't know so much about it. She knew. She knew. I'm coming to your address. She knew when she felt her organs go back into place. Brother Ron, but I I I need a quote for that. Well, let me just go back into the scriptures. There was a woman knew that there was nobody that could help her. And she'd had this condition for 12 years. And she caught a revelation. If I can get to where he's at, I don't want him to become unclean. Let me just touch the hem of his garment. How big is your God? All I need to do is touch the hem of his garment. She knew. She knew. She knew in that moment. One more. There's a bunch of false gods trying to stop the meeting. They've tried over and over and over to stop the meeting. And there's a man that's standing now before brother Brandham blind because of worshiping the sun. Brother Brandham sees a vision cuz God is so big. He will show you the future. Brother Ram sees this man well and he turns to the audience and he was going to prove how big God is. Let me just say this to you. Had it have failed, I wouldn't be here. Right. Had it have failed, none of us would be in this building today? That's right. And brother Brandham asked them, "Which of your gods can come heal this man?" Listen, there's people for the generations and hundreds of years have worshiped their dead gods. And now the prophet of God has said, "Which of you gods?" Amen. Can come heal this man. Maybe he was a peasant. Maybe he was a poorest person in the building. But God had him standing there to prove God. How long you been blind? Don't matter. Which are your gods? He gave them time. Which of your gods can come and heal him? I bet that was the stealest bunch of preachers, God worshippers there was with their chants and all their nonsense. They got quiet. Amen. And then brother Bam begins to pray. Brother Biscll asked Brother Brandham about that event. He said, 'I looked at him and he said he had dark hair with his blind eyes, but in the vision he had white hair coming down his brow and he could see. He said, "So I knew he was going to get well." Right. Come on, church. Listen, we can look at the word and the vision of the word. We know where we're going to be. We ain't guessing. We're not probing at it. I am going to sit at a table 1500 miles long. I am going to be at the marriage supper of the lamb. I am going to get a new body. It ain't a guess. Our God is a great big God. Give him praise in the house of the Lord. Give him praise in the house of the Lord. You can keep your standing. The musicians can come. But the trouble that you walked in here with tonight is no bigger than a grain of sand. Amen. Compared to my God, this sermon means a whole lot to me. Amen. Because I'm preaching faith to Ron Spencer. Amen. Come on. I'm preaching faith to you. I'm preaching faith to you for you and your family and your children. Kids, your God's a great big God. And you will never be able to figure out how big he is. He fills all time, space, and eternity. Yet, there's not an ant that he can't count. You guys trying to kill all them ants that God made. [Applause] Kill them. Kill them. Brother George Quinn is probably watching. Brother George Quinn pointed me to a house of a scientist that studied 40 years. 40 years. 40 on cockroaches. 40 years. Cockroaches. What' you do in your career? Cockroaches. He spent his entire work life trying to figure out cockroaches that God spoke into existence. Let there be. Now, God just didn't make elephants, dinosaurs for our kids. Yeah, there were. Brother Bon said they roam the earth while Adam was here. That's why you find their bones. Thank God they ain't in Shannido Valley tonight. Amen. How was your trip home? Well, a terrestaurus. I may have just made up a word. God just didn't make them, but he made gnats. We'll understand it better by and by. He made mosquitoes. I'm not here to answer questions for you tonight. I don't have a box for you to put a question in. But greater than all that, he made you and he pre-planned you, Jonathan, because inside of you, he put a place about the size of a button. And one day, oh, the old book was gone. And one day God ignited that seed that had been there set the foundation of the world. Since before God said, "Let there be." Amen. And it came to life and God said, "I'm going to live inside of you." Now listen, if you figure this out, you will treat yourself better. Amen. That's right. Amen. If I don't say nothing else tonight, tomorrow, if you figure out that go D, capital lives on the inside of you, you will treat yourself better. Brother Ron, that's a far-fetched statement. Don't kidding me. If President Biden walked into this building, we'd have respect for him. We'd treat him right. We'd get him the best seat. Some king walked in there. You get him the best seat. You take care of him. The king of glory. The God of gods wants to live in your heart. That's why you got a responsibility to treat one another. Love one another. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Oh, there'll be no dying there. King won't be no dying there. We are going see the king. Will there be no dying day? We are going see the king. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelu we are going see the king. Well soon and very soon. Oh, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. Oh, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon. We are going to see the king. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. We are going [Music] the splender of the king [Music] clothe in majesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wra and darkness tries too high and trembles at his voice. Trembles at his home. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And you will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, we stand and time is in his hand. Beginning at the end. Beginning at the end. Oh God, he three more. Oh God spirit son. Oh lion and the lamb. Oh lion and the lamb. How great is our God. Oh sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. For he's a name above all names. And he is worthy of all praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. For he's a name above all names. And he is worthy of our praise. Oh, my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. Oh, all land and sea he stand. Oh, open book. Amen. Revealing the son of man. Revealing the son of man. Oh, uniting time has come. Oh, the bride of Christ our Lord. Oh, soon we're going home. Oh, soon we're going behold. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God unveiled before our eyes. Oh, the masterpiece of Christ is love beyond the pain. Love beyond the pain. For he chose himself a bride. She was taken from his side to rain upon his throne. Oh, rain upon his throne. How great is our God. Oh, sing to me, how great is our God. And don't we see how great how great is our God? For he's the name above all names. And he is worthy of our praise. Our heart will sing. How great is our God. For he's a name above all name. And he is worthy of our praise. Oh, my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great [Music] is our God. All things sings, oh my soul, [Music] my savior, your God to thee. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. [Music] Oh, this is my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. [Music] Oh Lord my God. Oh now in awesome wonder. [Music] Oh come see the wrong. Oh all the words thy hands have made. Oh, I see the stars. Oh, and I hear the rolling thunder. [Music] Oh thy power throughout all the year display. Oh s my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] Oh how great thou are. Oh, how great thou art. Oh, sings my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. When Christ shall come. Oh, when Christ shall come. Oh, we shout. of acclamation. [Music] Oh, and take me home over joy shall feel my heart. Oh, I shall pass. Oh, [Music] adoration. [Music] Oh, and they proclaim. Oh my God, how great thou art. Oh, see my soul, my savior, your come to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. All things sings my soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great. Just give the Lord a hand clap of praise for how great is our God this evening. [Applause] [Music] Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Oh, greater is he that is in me than he that is in. Your dismiss is seen. Satan's life a roaring lion roaming to and fro [Music] seeking whom he may tell his soul. And when his souls had been his break to fall in some weak cow, God has promised us today overcome. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
