################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - How Big is Your God (Part 2) - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 22nd, 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    "How Big is Your God?" (Part 2) - Bro. Ron Spencer on June 22nd, 2025
Speaker:  Ron Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 49m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99aY3QfTRL8
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] All right. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Down. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My Those were my scones. Those were my tears. You fell down. And just as you said would be, you did it all for me. And after you counted the cost, you took my shame, my blame on my cross. Now you is your grace that you could see my need and choose to take my place and then for me [Applause] these words I need you to say father know [Music] forgive them for they know not what they do. I will go because I love thee so those were my names. That was my crown. that pierce your hands in your pride. Those were my thorns. Those were my scones. Those were my tears that fell down. And just as you said it would be, you did it all for me. And after you counted the cost, you took my shame, my blame. Oh, let's sing out one more time. Those were my nails. That was my crown that pierced your hands and your pride. Those were my thorns. Those were my scones. Those were my tears that built out. And just as you said it would be. You did it all for me. And after you count it all, you took my shame, my blame, on my cross. Amen. Aren't you so thankful this morning that he would do all of that for each and every one of us? Amen. Won't you just turn and greet your neighbor? Welcome everyone in the house of the Lord this morning. Each one of our visitors may be joining us this morning by the way of the internet as well. God richly bless each and every one of you. Let's sing a song. I'm amazed that you love me. [Music] How alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. [Music] Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. And one day, oh, someone told me of your mercy. Oh, and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. There you purchased my redemption. Oh, when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. [Music] Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed at how you care. And through your presence, love will I found. Oh, and my sins are washed. For they all washed away. All my sins are washed away. [Music] Oh yes, it's true. Oh, there have been days when I failed you. And Lord, you know the many times I've called astray. Oh, but I have hurt. Your love is stronger than my weakness. [Music] And your rivers open every time I pray. Well, no one else has ever cared for me like you know. Oh, other friend never be close to me. Oh, I am not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. for knowing you are everything that I'll ever need. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me. Oh, I'm amazed at how you came. And through your preious love will I found power. Oh, and my s are wash through all washed away. [Music] Oh, can we sing that one more time? I'm amazed. Well, I'm amazed that you love me. Well, I'm amazed at how you came and through your preious blood. [Music] Oh, and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Amen. Are you thankful for that this morning? Amen. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy. He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and that he would not be hard to [Music] Oh, he never offered a victory without fighting, but he said help would always come time. [Music] Oh, just remember where we're standing or in the valley of decision in the adversary set. will just hold on [Music] cuz our Lord will show up and we take you through the Father again. Many times a question certain circumstances on things I could not understand. [Music] For many times in trial, my weakness blurs my vision and my frustration is so I'm [Music] reminding I've never been forsening. I've never had to stand the test alone. Oh, it's in those times of victory. My spirit risees up in me. It's through the fire. My weakness is made strong. [Music] Oh, he never promised. Oh, that the cross would not be heavy and the hill would not be hard to climb. [Music] Oh, he never offered a victory without fighting. But he said he'll always come in time. Won't just remember when you're standing for in the valley of decisions in the adversary says give me just cuz I want to show up and he will take [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad for that this morning? I'll cherish that old rugged cross. He far away stood and no rug cross [Music] the cloud of suffering and shame. [Music] And I love that old cross where the tears rest and death for a world of lost soul. [Music] Oh, so I'll cherish the or [Music] oh my tray [Music] down. Oh, I will cling to the orchest. [Music] Oh, can we sing that one more time? Oh, so I'll ch the equ. [Music] Oh, I will cling to the or [Music] change. [Music] As we go to the prayer requests this morning, we'll continue to remember Sister June Shifflet, Brother Clarence, Sister Betty Morris, Brother Roger Sailor, Sister Anne Sailor, as well as Sister Sarah Gooden, our sister Teresa Gooden. I want to just pray for our pastor this morning. He's been a little sick this morning. So, I want to pray that God would just touch his body and strengthen him. I want to remember Brother Bill and Sister Terresa Delaney that God would just touch them. Sister Teresa there fighting that cancer as well as our sister Wanda Hinkle that God would just touch her. [Music] Could you remember Chief Deputy Eric Colon on your prayer list this morning? The doctors found a mass either on his liver or kidney and they think it's cancer. He's going to meet with a surgeon July the 1st. Thank you, brother Joe Vest. So, we want to remember that chief deputy there. God would just touch him. As well as we want to continue lift up our brother uh Jeff Breeden that God will touch him and body and strengthen him. Uh could the church please remember my sister Susan in prayer. She will be having a surgical procedure done on Monday. Praying that everything goes well and quick recovery. Thank you, brother Joel. Amen. I have an unspoken request that I would like help praying about. Thank you, Sister Rachel Snder. Dear church family, we have a family friend who was in a scooter accident last night. She has multiple injuries with a brain bleed. Please keep Wendy in your prayer for full recovery. Thank you, brother Randall. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request? Say, "Lord, just pass by my way this morning." Amen. I'm going to ask brother Chris Morris if you would just come lead us to the throne of grace this morning. [Music] Amen. Let's all just pray and believe together. Our gracious father, as we just come to you, Lord, and what a great time that we're living in, Lord. What a great time, Father, that one day we'll lay down the old cross. And Father, one day we'll lay down these old burdens, Lord. One day we'll lay down the old sickness. And Father, many sickness has been made known today. Lord, many accidents has been made known. But Father, we know when we're in you, there's no such thing as an accident. So Lord, we're just praying, Father, that you'll just come and and just meet the needs of your children, meet the needs of the sicknesses that's been made known, Lord, as our pastor is coming, Father, not feeling well and body, but Father, he's reporting for duty at his post to duty, Lord, this morning to feed his children, Lord, feed your children. And we just pray, Father, a special blessings, Lord, upon him, upon the church this morning. And father, as we see the signs, the handwriting on the wall, we see, Lord, that how many days we got, we don't know. But we will make every moment count for you, Lord. There's still someone out there that we can reach. There's still someone because the bride ain't gone. And I believe that one day soon that last one's coming in. We just pray, Father, this morning that you'll have your way in service, have your way in each and every heart. be with brother Andrew Lord this day as he's in up there in California. Bless him we pray. Keep him safe. Keep his travel safe. Bless the meetings there. And father we commit this day in your hands. We just want to tell you father how much we love and appreciate you. In the name of Jesus Christ we ask it all. Amen. This time we'll receive this morning's offering and give as God's bless you. Glad to have brother Marcus with us. We want you to remember him and his his foot injury he's got going on. We'll have him come sing for us this morning as well as sister Lauren Vest if she would come after brother Marcus and then sisterh Emma and Sister Sarah Robinson would come. Amen. God bless you as you give. You can be seated after you've given this morning. I guess while we're giving I could say something briefly on my heart. Last night's sermon was just I think for all of us. Amen. Brother, brother Matt asked me about singing this morning and I my mind went a certain way. But then as I thought about how great, how big God is, I am came to me, the song I am. My last time I sang here, but what more fitting? I sat back there and I thought of all the different things in my life and all of us that we prayed about throughout our lives. And sometimes we pray out of fretting, fear. Fact of the matter is it's nothing. He's going to move. He's going to move. It may not be the way we want, but he's going to move. Maybe it's not on this side of eternity quite like, but he understands. And uh had someone very close to me ask for a request yesterday to pray. And this did to have brother Ron pray. And I felt to tell him, you know, you're you're asking in fear. Ask believing. Our prophet taught us that this song is very special to me. Brother Reagan sent it to me several weeks ago, several short months ago. And I hesitated at first because I thought I don't suppose he sent it to me to sing, but um it it it just it meant so much to me. And he sent me a message back. I knew it would. It's mine now. So, we're going to try it. [Music] When it was dark in my heart, you brought life to me. Child of darkness became a child of life. Oh, when my soul was so dry [Music] and I needed a drink, the waters of life you became to me and I am, you said to me, I am alpha. I'm Omega, the in between. Oh, I am. You said to me, and I'll be what it takes to meet your need. True to you, Jesus. You are the widow's cruise of oil and old Elijah's meat. The shelter for brother Noah, the shepherd for the sheep. been in the fire. You were the fourth man and a cloud by day. Fire by night for your children just to lead the way. Oh, I am. You said to me, I am alpha. I am omega. The in between. I am. You said to me, and I'll be what it takes to meet your need. All I am. [Music] You said to me, I am the bread of life. Just take and eat. Oh, I am. Lord, you said to me, and I'll be what it takes to meet your needs. You are the widow's cruise of oil. You are Elijah's meat. You were the shelter for brother Noah, a shepherd for the sheep and in the fire. You were that fourth man and a cloud by day. You're a fire by night for your children. Watch us lead the way. Lord, I am [Music] Lord. You said to me, I am the bread of life. Just take and eat. All I am. [Music] You said to me and I'll be what it takes to meet your need. And I'll even go by way of Calary. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] [Music] If this world could only see what's taking place in you and me. There's been an invisible union. The word lives in reality. [Music] But the church is all laughed with scorn. While my soul cries, I want more. Whisper your secrets to me, Lord. I be thee. As for me, I believe we're God's eternal thoughts expressed. We're his genes. life of his life. His blood brought victory. I was made for this word. This word fits me. I believe. [Music] The secrets never known to man. By faith we simply understand. Jehovah eagle soared over and screamed. Those mysteries called our name. Now on Christ's body word we feed. We've heard from Arthy of Before the world prepared for me. I believe [Music] as for me I believe we're God's eternal thoughts expressed we're his genes life of His life, his blood brought victory. I was made for this word. This word fits me. I believe I was made for this word. This word fits me. I believe. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Moment when the lights went out. When death had claimed its victory, the king of love had gi up his life. The darkest day in history. [Music] They're on a cross. They made for sinners. For every curse, his blood atone. One final breath and near. But not the end we could have known. For the earth began to shake and the veil was torn. What sacrifice was made as the heavens roar. [Music] All hell king Jesus. All hell the Lord of heaven and earth. All hell king Jesus. [Music] All hell was the savior of the world. [Music] There was a moment when the sky lit up. A flash of light breaking through. When all was lost, he crossed eternity. Oh, the king of life was on the move. [Music] or in a dark cold tomb [Applause] where our Lord was laid. One miraculous pray and we're forever changed. [Music] Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] Oh hell the Lord of heaven and earth. Oh all hell king Jesus. [Music] Oh hell the savior of the world. Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] Oh hell the Lord of heaven and earth. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell the savior of the world. [Music] Come and bow before the King of Kings. Let everyone confess it is Lord. Lift up your shout. Let us join with all of heaven singing holy. [Music] Sing it holy. We cry out holy. We're singing holoy. [Music] Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell the Lord of heaven and earth. All hail king Jesus. [Music] All hell, the savior of the world. [Applause] Amen. Let's stand. Oh, hell king Jesus. Worthy is the lamb. Isn't he saved by grace? I was saved by grace. Oh, I was alone in the darkness. I could not find my way. Oh, Jesus shine his light on me. And then he turned on my night today. Oh, I was alone in the darkness. I could not find my way. Jesus shine his light on me and then eternal my night today. Save by grace. Oh, I've been saved by grace. Oh my grace in the broken life for my sins are washed away. Oh save I gra. I've been save. [Music] Oh, when I reach that city, all those gates will open wide. I'm going to sing redemption glory. Oh, how he brought me from. Oh, sing it one more time. When I reach that city, oh those gates ring open wide, I'm going to sing redemption story. Oh, how he brought me from the other side. Save my grave. Oh, I've been saved by the grace. Well, my name is in the book of life. Oh, I see. I've been saved by grace. It's not what I deserve, but I'm saved my grace. Aren't you thankful for that today? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Boy, if we got a what we deserve, we'd all be in a mess of trouble, wouldn't we? Amen. Thank God. Won't you greet your neighbor right there where you're at? Good to be in the house of the Lord. With you. We're going to spend eternity together. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. Isn't he good to us? So good to see each and every one of you. And I'm just glad to be here. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful service already. And so we thank you for that. Amen. Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. For those that wasn't here last night, we have brother Jeff with us. And uh that's brother Jerry and brother Davey's father and sister Tammy's husband. It's been many years since he's been here. And he's back. And he's back. And so he's he's to be at UVA tomorrow. Then they're supposed to tell him several things. So we want to pray with him. after this service, after this speaking today. And Amen. And we're going to all bind our faith together. And Amen. Cancer's not too much for our God. And so, Amen. So, we're just thankful that last week we went on a mission and he's here today. Here last night and here today. And so, we're glad of that. Amen. You enjoy last night? Amen. So, part two is today. So, here we are. If you will turn with me in your scriptures to Matthew chapter 16 and verse 13. How big is your God? My God's a great big God. Amen. Matthew 16 and verse 13. And when Jesus came to the coast of Cesaria Philippi, he asked his disciples, saying, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am?" And they said, "Some say that thou art John the Baptist, and some Elias, and others Jeremiah, or one of the prophets." And he saith unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" It's important who you say. That's right. And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven. And I say unto thee that thou art Peter changed his name in a moment. and upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. I think it's so powerful. Let's read that verse together. And I say also unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Notice these next words. and I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. You may be seated. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. The most important revelation in the scriptures is to know who Jesus is. Amen. For us as message believers, he's God. And when he explained that to to the church world in that day, it got him crucified. Maybe when you tell your denominational friends that you are the bride of Jesus Christ, that you are Miss Jesus Christ, probably get you crucified too. The theme of this message, the absolute theme of this message is Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. What does that mean? He is as powerful today. He is as powerful today as when he said, "Let there be." That's right. and he believed his own word and the sun came into existence. I want you to understand the God that we serve today has never lost one ounce of power. I'll take just a second to explain it. When he heals the worst cancer patient in the world, it does not diminish his healing power one iota. When he saves the worst murderer, the worst sinner, the worst idolattor, the worst prostitute in the world, it does not diminish the power of the blood of Jesus Christ one iota. Our God doesn't get tired. He doesn't get weary. He says in Isaiah 44 and verse 6, I am the first and I am the last. And beside me there is no God. Amen. Revelation 1 and verse 8. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is and which was and which is to come. the Almighty. We'll take time to shout after a little bit. Brother Brandham says, "In he that is in you." And this is an important sermon. If you haven't listened to it for a while, go back and listen to it. 1963 11:10, Brother Bram says, "Greater is he. It's God the creator. The winds and the waves had to obey him. Demons were paralyzed. All nature obeyed him because he was the creator of nature. Oh, when we think about that, it takes the bite out. Then we understand these things that you see. What is it? It isn't man. Man cannot do that. Right? Man is part of the creation, but it's the winds and the waves that obeys the creature, the creator, and takes the creator to do it. For he that is in you. Don't never take that for granted. And he that is in you is greater than he that is in the world. He can cause turmoil. He that can cause turmoil, that's he that's in the world. He that's in you is the creator who made the winds. He can rebuke the devil out of the winds and there is calm. He can rebuke the devil out of the storm and there is becomes no storm. He is the creator and greater is he that is in you. Thank you, Lord. Listen, you're not some mambby pamby somewhere or another. You're sons and daughters of God. Quit your whining. Quit your frustration. Quit your stuff. Recognize who you are and stand on the word of God. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God. Satan, leave in the name of Jesus Christ. How big is your God? The same God is with us tonight. Not only with us, but in us. He's proved that he's in us. Greater is he that is in you than he that's in the world. What are we afraid of? Won't you just look over at your neighbor and say, "What are we afraid of? Now do it with attitude because that makes a difference. I want you to understand this. Never a man spake like this man. Never. This is scripture. Never a man spake like this man. He turned water into wine. You're talking about impossibilities. That'll do it for you. He defeated Satan by the word of God. He didn't do it with his power. He did it with the word because you was going to need that as an example. You can't defeat Satan with your feelings, with who you are. You must defeat Satan with the word of God. And when you recognize that, you become armed and extremely dangerous. Now remember this. I came from God. I'm going back to God. That's my origin and that's my ending. Listen, we could stop and shout right now for a qu little little while if you could recognize that. Jesus said, "Eat my flesh and drink my blood." He came to the house of prayer where all of the Pharisees had turned the temple into nothing but tradition and selling. And Jesus made a court. Amen. If you was a disciple right now, you're either going to be embarrassed or you're running. He begins to walk in and begins to do what he does. And now somebody asks you, "Are you with him?" Yep. That's a Messiah. Yep. That's a Messiah. And he begins to scream, "You have made the house of prayer a den of thieves. Let's just look at some things. Matthew chapter 28 and verse 19. Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, their titles. Isaiah 9 and6, for unto us a child is born. unto us a son is given, and the government shall be upon his shoulder, and his name shall be called wonderful, counselor, the mighty God. All of those are not names. They're titles. The everlasting father, the prince of peace. No, none of these titles is his name, but his name shall be called, all of this encapsulated in the name of Jesus. All of these titles are in his name. How big is our God? He's the wonderful. He's the counselor. He's the mighty God. He's the everlasting father. Amen. When you say Jesus, he is wonderful. When you say Jesus, he is our counselor. When you say the Jesus, he is the mighty God. When you say everlasting father, Jesus is the everlasting father. He is the prince of peace. Matthew, go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father. Father is not a name no more than wonderful counselor, prince of peace, mighty God, or the everlasting father. There is no salvation in any name, Father, Son, Holy Ghost. You must know who the Holy Ghost is. Are you with me? That's why Peter stood up that day and said, "Repent, every one of you and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." How big is your God? He can take every one of our sins and wipe them away. Now, how important is this in Israel tonight? There's wars going on cuz we're coming to the end of time. We're at the season of the rapture for the gentile bride to go home. And we're also at the season of two prophets to step on the scene. Moses and Elijah. The denomination world believes it's uh Elijah and Enoch. That's what they believe. But your prophet under the seven seals says it's Moses and Elijah because their characteristics fit who they are. and they will return and preach to a 144,000 of elected Jews that will believe the message of the hour. What will the theme of that message be? Who is Jesus? What was the theme of this message? Who is Jesus? Now what is you say? Brother Ron, is that important? Yes. When you see who is Jesus, you will see who you are. That's right. Are you with me? Down through the ages, there's been men that attempted and probed at preaching the seven seals. We have no idea who many of these people were, their names were because they were nobody's attempting to open the book. But God sent you, Elijah the prophet to turn your hearts back. And under that Elijah ministry, the book was to come open for us because we needed to see the trail of the serpent all the way from the beginning all the way to the end. We needed to know who this mighty God was. Knowing who this mighty God was begins to tell you who you are. We must take our position. More than a good quote, but we must take our position. Who was Jesus? This will be powerful words from two prophets. And they will begin to preach. And I'd like to just step into it just for a second. You crucified the Lord. That's right. 2,000 years ago, right? According to the prophet, he said they will tell them that you were blinded. That's right. And you could not see who he was because he was going to get a gentile bride. Like Joseph was the type of Jesus Christ that would have a gentile bride. God blinded the eyes of those Jews. So that you and I gentile dogs, just say it how it is. You and I gentile dogs could have a chance at the word of God. You can imagine the moment their eyes will come open and begin to realize who Jesus is. Now, if you're having difficulty of is it one or is it two or is it three or is it 10 that didn't come from the scriptures that came from Rome that came from Rome. The worship of Mary came from Rome. Counting rosary beads came from Rome. Baptizing in the father, son, the holy ghost came from Rome. No person in the scriptures were baptized any other way than in the name of Jesus Christ. Are you with me, brother Ron? I'm here to battle that. Well, you go read the first church age chapter. and your eyes will come open. Are you with me now? I'll just give you an example. Brother Kelly's daughter had been had been had married into a situation to where that she had been taken away into a church that believed in two Lords and her eyes was blinded to it. She she became under the influence of that. When she first got around me, I asked her, I said, "Have you read the church age book?" Well, of course, that book was taboo under that ministry. That's right. Amen. It was taboo. Don't read it because when you read the church age book, it tells you who Jesus Christ is. And you don't have to go but a few pages. So, I asked two young men, her sons. I said, uh, those boys were just incredible boys, and you've met them before. And I asked them, I was sitting outside in Pigeon Forge, and we were sitting on two big old rocking chairs, and they were sitting there, and I and I called them by name. I said, "Have you read the church age book?" And they said, "We're not allowed to." I said, "Who told you that?" Some preacher tell you that. Well, he's a liar. This is for the bride of Jesus Christ. Well, those boys went and read that church age book. They read about the first chapter and boom, boom, their eyes come open. So, if you're sitting here today or if you're on the internet and you're having trouble with three gods, two gods, one God, go read, you don't have the book, go look it up on the internet, the church age book, and read the first chapter, right? Don't get blinded with vision of of some denomination. You might as well go to the author of the book. This is not to be argued with. Jesus was God. That's right. Brother Bram said, "If he wasn't God, then he's the greatest deceiver that the world's ever had." Amen. Listen, if he wasn't God, those disciples that went and got crucified upside down, drugged through the s street, beheaded, they believed who he was. 1949, brother Brandham says some statements 49 early in his ministry, the deity of him. Who is he? Some of them makes him a little baby back yonder. Who is the one that stood there on that invisible? Oh my. That platformer and raped out of his hands and spoke, "Let there be." And there was light. That was Jesus Christ. For he was in the world and the world was made by him and the world recognized him not. He is the deity of God. Look what he did back there. Talk about miraculous back there. You talk about shouting when he performed miraculous things to make things which are now out of the things which were not. He spoke the word and it was so. Amen. Kind of like those scientists that were arguing with God. You know this is story. They were arguing with God. Well, we can we can make a earth. He said okay go ahead. And they picked up some dirt and they said, "Get your own dirt." And that same power that was in Christ, let the fundamentalists, let them people who deny the power of God and say it's wrong, but that same power that spoke the world into existence is in those people that's got the Holy Ghost. The same power that spoken the world into existence is the same power that lives in you. That ought to make your Monday better. Men and women, it's time that we found out who you are. The devil is trying to hide you back and tell you that you're some little trotten down something. You're not. You're sons and daughters of God. The deity is not in heaven. It's in you. I know you think I'm crazy, but let me just tell you something, brother. When you realize that almighty God lives in you, immortal life, my life I give you, Zoe, the life of God is in the human being. How important is that when you realize that you can't lose? Let that sink in just a minute and I'll catch my breath. He is the first and the last. He is the beginning and the end. He is the keeper of the creation and the creator of it all. He is the architect of the universe and and the manager of all times. He always was. He always is and he always will be. He is the unmoved, unchanged, undefeated and never undone. He was bruised and brought healing. He was pierced and erased our pain. He was persecuted and brought freedom. He was dead and he brought life. He is the risen and brings power. He reigns and he brings peace. The world can't understand him. Armies can't defeat him. Schools can't explain him. Leaders can't ignore him. Herod couldn't kill him. You ought to be saying, "Boo devil, boovil, boovil." The Pharisees couldn't confuse him. The people couldn't hold him. Nero couldn't crush him. Hilar can't silence him. He is goodness. He is kindness. He is generous. He is God. Amen. He is holy. He is righteous. He is mighty. He is powerful. He is pure. His ways is always right. The word is eternal. He is that unchanging. And his mind is always on me. Amen. He is my savior. He is my God. He is my peace. He is my joy. He is my comfort. He's my Lord. He rules my life. I serve him because he loves me. His burden is light. His goal is for me of abundant life. I follow him because he is the wisdom of the wise, the power of the powerful. He is the ancient of days, the ruler of rulers, the leader of leaders, the overseer of overcomers. And if he seems impressive to you, if that seems impressive to you, try this one on for size. His goal is to have a relationship with me. [Music] And he will never leave me. Hallelujah. He will never forsake me. He will never mislead me. He will never forget me. Amen. There's a sermon in every one of these spots. He will never overlook me. He will never counsel my appointment in his appointment book. When I fall, he lifts me up. When I fail, he forgives me. When I am weak, he is strong. When I am lost, he's my way. When I'm afraid, he is my courage. When I stumble, he steadies me. When I am hurt, he heals me. When I am broken, he mends me. When I'm blind, he leads me. When I am hungry, he feeds me. When I face trials, he's with me. When I face persecutions, he comfort me. He is my shield and he is my buckler. When I face loss, he provides for me. When I face death, he carries me home. He is God. He is faithful. I am his and he is mine. God is in control. I'm on his side. Jesus said some things I want to remind you of. I am the way. I'm not one of the ways. This is not just some social gospel. I am the way. The truth and the life. What about my church? Don't have nothing to do with it. It don't have nothing to do with it. You could sit in church every day of your life and die and go straight to hell. You can sign every book in this county and don't mean nothing whatsoever if you don't have Jesus. If you don't have Jesus, and I'm talking about Jesus is not some historical book or somebody else's story. I'm talking about a personal revelation of who Jesus Christ is to you. Hallelujah. If you met him in the car or you met him during a service or you met him and he came and he changed your life, it don't take him 10 years. It takes him a moment. Jesus is mine. He said, "Peace be still." And the storm ceased. He said, "Lazarus, come forth." Now, brother Brandham gave some clarity to that and David, brother Brandham said, if Jesus had not called him by name, there would have been a general resurrection. Now, you tell you talk about a supernatural time that we are coming up on. That's right. Every one of us have loved ones in the grave beyond this veil of tears standing somewhere in a well body. They are longing to come back and see you. You're talking about being homesick. They're looking to come see you. And there's going to come a resurrection and they're going to step this dimension. Come on, church. You talking about a supernatural time. Brother Ron, I I just don't believe too much in the supernatural. You're missing the point. You're missing the whole point of this message. We've got to have a rapture. It's our promise. Abraham's promise was to have a son. Brother Ron, Brother Brown's been gone over 60 years. Don't matter. It don't matter. None. We had to wait on some of you. How many TJs, teenagers do we have in this building? Go ahead and stand. We had to wait till you got here cuz God said, "I'll not lose a one. Your names are written in the Lamb's Book of Life." William, no doubt as a young man believing the message, you thought it's going to happen any time. But these guys had to come. They had to come from your Lawrence. God not only had Jew on his mind, but he had him on his mind. How big is our God? Thank you. You can be seated. When he walked into a room and there was a lot of doubters there, he said, "Damsel, arise." It wasn't a doubt in his mind what was getting ready to take place. Jesus would say these words, "I have power to lay my life down and power to take it up again." That's more than poetry. That's right. Nobody else ever said it. And then did it. [Applause] Come on, church. There's a lot of people say a lot of things, but I'm talking about make it live. [Applause] Said it earlier, water into wine. First miracle. Wine is taken from the from the vines. Crushed. Crushed. Fermented. Aged. This was no little bitty miracle. And as a matter of fact, the visitors was there said, "You save the best till the last." Well, let me just tell you, God don't do things halfway. When he turned Sarah back, young, most beautiful woman in the land. Woo! Baby, [Applause] just wait till you see my brand new home. Amen. Wait, do you see my mansion there? Maybe one of these days you'll be walking down the streets of glory and look over at a little blondheaded woman and a red-headed guy. This week we have an anniversary 42 years. other than Jesus Christ is the best decision that I ever made. And I'm going to ask her to stand and testify right now, but it's the best decision that I ever made. There would be no need for a marriage counsel if everybody's marriage like was like mine. Wouldn't be no need for a divorce lawyer if everybody's marriage is like mine. But I'm going to tell you the secret. is Jesus. That's the secret. Brother Ron, give me some pointers. Tell her how beautiful she is. Every day, Brother Ron, but you know, I've never did it before. Start today. That's right, you can't do nothing about the last 20 years. Start today. She'll lock it. Can you imagine some of these Hollywood doll babies what they look like 40 years later? But they make them look on the movie screen like they're immortal. But when you got a wife of character, she's beautiful and courageous. Yeah, baby. She's beautiful in a night gown that's that thick. Some of you been married a while. You know what I'm talking about right there. You ain't right, dude. You ain't right. She's sitting right over there. She can hear you, bro. But can you imagine going to a land where we look better than we've ever looked here? Why wouldn't you want to go? Come on, church. Why wouldn't you want to go? But I got friends here. They ain't going to be here forever. They going to hell, folks. [Applause] Listen, if you don't know Jesus and you ain't born again, going to hell. Let's not color it any other way. He came to save sinners. He came that you wouldn't have to go to hell. There is a major difference between being bride and redeemed. Amen. Are you with me? There's a major difference, but I still want to go. Amen. Are you with me? He is omnipresent. He's omnisient. He's omnipotent. He is infinite. If he isn't, he isn't God. He is eternal. Being omnipresent, omnisient, knowing all things makes him omnipresent. He is the same. yesterday, today, and forever. So, I have a question. What about your miracle? What about your miracle? What about your situation? Whether it's financial or it's spiritual or it's some dreaded disease, God's bigger than your need. God doesn't limit himself. You limit him. You put boundaries on a God that feels all time, space, and eternity. you with a negative attitude or a negative thought says, "This is the way I'm going to always be." But instead of being that way, you ought to say, "I'm healed." regardless of how it looks like. [Applause] Brother Ron, you're standing there preaching with cancer. Fourth stage. Let me just say this to you. God's bigger. God's bigger. Do I look like I have fourth stage cancer? Do I preach like I've got four stage cancer? I believe he's my healer. I believe he's my way maker. I believe he's bigger than every cell of cancer. What about your miracle? What about your situation? I mean it with all my heart. What about your need? Psalms 150. I'm coming to a close. Then what do brother Ando we do? I'm going to give you I'm gonna give you some help. Instead of a negative attitude, I'm going to give you some I'm gonna give you some help here. You see, God designed birds to praise him. He designed trees to praise him. He designed dolphins to praise him. He designed crickets to praise him. Amen. Every morning at 5:00, Brother TJ, he designed two ducks to set on my power line and scream and call to one another. You see, doves don't have other boyfriends and girlfriends. They're married for life, and they want to hear each other's call. God's not wanting somebody else to do your praising for you. He wants to hear you. You, you. You. You. [Applause] I was reading an article on anxiety one time and in this article it said that when you have the right soulmate, catch this, when you have the right soulmate, men, when you're under such anxiety and under such pressure, you can pick up the phone and talk to your right soulmate And her giggle, her giggle will calm your soul. I've been on the mission field and I've heard a giggle. And I was so homesick, I couldn't stand it. I was so sick of being where I was, I couldn't stand it. I just wanted to go home. I picked up the phone and she cured it with a giggle. Now listen, when you marry somebody, you don't decide, you know, I'm going to marry them and change them. You can't change yourself, brother. I can change. I can go through all of these different classes and change myself. Okay, try going by a crispy cream donut shop that's got the hot sign on. It's like a fella said, I prayed, Lord, if it's your des your desire for me to have a donut, may there be a parking spot open for me. And on the 13th time around the shop, I found one. Brother Ron, I don't want a preacher that makes me laugh. Well, you're welcome to leave. We need your seat. It'll save me millions of dollars trying to build enough to hold everybody here. Back to worship. Praise ye the Lord. Psalms 150 and verse one. Praise God in a sanctuary. Praise him in the firmament of his power. Praise him for his mighty acts. Praise him according to his excellent greatness. Praise him in the a sound of a trumpet. And praise him with a saucery and a harp. Praise him with a timber and a dance. Praise him with a strange instruments and organs. Praise him upon the loud symbols. Praise him on high sounding symbols. [Music] I want you to read it with me so you don't pass out. Let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. [Applause] He loves to hear you do it. He loves to hear you. How big is your God? How big is he? How great is he? How wonderful is he? Give him a big hand right now in the name of the Jesus. He deserves it. He's worthy. He is worthy. He is mighty. Praise him for healing you. Praise him for keeping you. Praise him for saving you. Praise him for filling you with the Holy Ghost. He's ready to hear your voice call out to him and say, "Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. So next week when you feel that blue spirit come around, I want you to go back to Psalms 150 and run that stinking devil out of your house, off of your job, out of your car. How big is your God? Shake your neighbor's hand right there where you're at and say, "I'm just glad that you came to be in service with me." Hallelujah. Go ahead and say, "Boo devil." Say it with attitude. Just tell him, "Is that all you got?" Muhammad Ali would say it. We might as well say it as the bride of Jesus Christ. Is that all you got? My little sister can hit harder than you can hit. Hallelujah. Had a good time. It's first day of the week. If we praise If we praise to our God, sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship want. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God, my savior. Oh God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. Oh God my healer. God, my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is due by God. Every word of worship one. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise and he praise you. Oh God my savior. [Music] Oh God my savior. Oh God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. Oh God my savior. Oh God my healer. Oh God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship, every praise, every praise to our God. Oh, give him praise in the house of the Lord this morning cuz he's worthy of every praise that we could ever give him. When you're in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. He won't forget his own. [Music] Oh my. Oh my best friend. The only true God. There's no one greater or wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He'll go through the fire. Just the same slight mighty. He seems angel to my [Music] stor. I got that I have our God of bliss. He reveals in you and me came down with glory and gave us a victory. The greatest love of glory. Oh, if you've been troubled on Jehovah, the great enforcer, God Almighty will fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come. Not the way that we think, but my great over just loves a paradise. Just stay in your position. Watch your miraculous coming into action. Oh, our God is tremendous. His strength never fail. He'll go through the fire just the same as he is almighty. He sent his angel to guide me. There's no storm powerful. Our God could I handle. Our God is in this. He revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest Lord. Oh, when you're in need. Oh, when you're in need, I call on the Lord. When he hears me, yes, he helps me. He is faithful. Oh, and true. And won't forget his own. Oh my companion. Oh my best friend, the only true God. There's no gater. Oh, wonderful savior. Oh Jesus, the light of Judah. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He pour through the fire. Just the same sight mighty. He send his angels to guide me. There's no tomorrow. My God is my God. He revealing you and me. Kingdom of his glory. Gave us the victory. Oh, our God is tremendous. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failing. He'll go through the fire just to save the slight. [Music] He sends his angel to guide me. There's no stone, no stole. Our God, our God is a bliss in the building. You and me came down from his glory to give us the victory. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Oh, our God is tremendous. His drift name will fail. He'll go through the fire just to save the slight. He sends his angels to guide me. Those stones are powerful. Our God can handle. Our God is so bliss. He revealed it in me. And down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest of stories. [Applause] [Music] Water you turned into body and open the eyes of the blind. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Oh, into the darkness you shine. Oh, how the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. [Music] Oh, into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God, oh our our God is greater. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand? Oh, if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could Oh, just tell me what can stand against our God. Oh our God. Oh our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome. Our God. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome in power. Our God. Oh, our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand? Oh, nothing can stand against our God. [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power of God. Oh, one more time. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer, awesome, and power. You're dismissed this morning. Go in the name of Jesus Christ. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, oh, what could stand against? Oh, who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, what could stand against? [Music] What could stand? [Music] Oh, our God is gater than you are. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
