################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-29 - What A Resurrection This Is - Bro. Andrew Spencer on March 29th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-29
Title:   "What A Resurrection This Is" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on March 29th, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mef7J6GYbzE
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You are [Music] God. Every praise you to our God. Every word of worship on every praise. Every praise is to our [Music] God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my [Music] savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my [Music] healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship, one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise to our [Music] God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes. Yes. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship. Want to accord every praise, every praise to our God. Amen. Isn't it good to be in the house of the Lord this savior? Amen. Amen. He deserves the praise. Leading the everlasting arms. What a fellowship. What a joy you must be leaning on everlasting arms. What a blessing. What a peace of mind everlasting. [Music] leading sing and secure from all along. I'm [Music] leaning leaning on the everlasting arm. Oh, how sweet you walk in this new world. Leave me on everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the battle rose from day to [Music] day on the everlasting arm. I [Music] believe safe and secure from all along. I [Music] lead me on the everlasting love. What have I betrayed? What have I on the everlasting arms? I have blessing peace with my Lord. on everlasting aring. [Music] be on the everlasting arms again. Oh, how sweet the Lord in this [Music] mural. Oh, how bright the man grows from day to day. On the everlasting army, I believe and secure from all along [Music] I Yes. [Music] Leaning on the everlasting arms. Amen. No better arms to be leaning in this evening. I feel like traveling [Music] on. My heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. No pain, no death. There I feel like traveling on. Yes, I feel like traveling home. I be traveling home. I never bright and fast. I feel like traveling on it's down. Sun out shine. I feel like traveling home that heavenly shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home right and fair. I feel like traveling [Music] home. Let others see me low. But I feel like traveling on which flames devour ways overflow. I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling home. Oh, I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home right and fair. But I feel like traveling on. I like this. The Lord has been so good to me. That's why I feel like traveling home. Home I see. Well, I feel like traveling home. Yes, I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling on my heavenly home right and as I feel like traveling on. Amen. This is just for him. A country where no twilight shadows deepen. Unending day where night shall never [Music] be. A city where the storm clouds will never get. Now this is just what heaven means to me. What will it be when we get [Music] all joy upon the last [Music] se and crown price Christ forever? Oh, this is just whatever means to me. [Music] And when at last we see the face of [Music] Jesus before [Music] who? And when they crown him Lord of all, I'm going to be there. Now, this is just what needs to be. What will it be when we get over [Music] young will be our love and crown price forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to [Music] me. A place where there is no miss. And from all age we are [Music] free. No unkind words that rule the heart are spoken. Oh this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] What will it be when we get all joy in the throne [Music] blessing our love and Christ forever. Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. And when at last we see the face of [Music] Jesus [Applause] before loves [Music] all and when they crown him Lord of all I'm going to be. Oh, this is just whatever means to me. Open up your heart. What will it be when we get over young and join upon the blessing [Music] seat our love and crown price forever? Oh, this is just what heaven means to me. [Music] I don't believe it'll be much longer. That's why I'm going to keep pressing on. Amen. I'm going to keep pressing on you, on and on and on, pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. One more time. I'm going to keep pressing [Music] on. I'm going to keep pressing [Music] on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Satan tries to stop me. Turn me aside. Said there's no need for you to go on. No need to try. Even if there was a rapture, you never make it in. I just say, Satan, that just proves you're a liar again. I'm going to keep pressing on on and on and on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. How many is he whispering to this week? Satan tries to stop me. Turn me aside. [Music] said, "There's no need for you to go on, no need to [Music] try. Even if there was a rapture, you never make it in." Sing it to him loud. [Music] We're going to keep pressing on and on and on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my [Music] Lord. Amen. That's what we do. We press on cuz we got one backing us up. Amen. And ain't we glad of that. How can we be defeated when we got an undefeated champion who's behind us? And if he's taking his time to talk to you, he's lying to begin with. Amen. Let's go to these prayer requests this evening. Dear church family, please keep Jason in your prayers. He's in a lot of pain from the accident he had yesterday. Thank you, Sister Jamie Turner. We want to pray for the family of Eli Britain. He passed away in a car accident this week. He was only 20 years old. We want to keep that family there in our prayers. Want to remember those youth group meetings and our youth down there. Brother Donnie Reagan's that the Lord would just move and have his way there. Want to be remembering our pastor, Brother Ron. My sister, she's in a lot of pain this evening. my sister Tanya. I pray that the Lord would go by her way and touch her and help her. Maybe you have an unspoken need here today on your heart. You'd like to lift up your hand. The Lord knows every one of them. Brother William, would you take these prayers before throne of the [Music] Lord? Amen. Let's bow our heads in our hearts. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we come humbly before you in prayer. Lord Jesus, we just want to tell you how much we love you, Lord. And we just want to give you all the honor, praise, and glory due unto your name. Lord, you're so worthy and you're so faithful and you're all powerful, Lord Jesus. Lord, nothing is impossible with you. And you can do all things, Lord. There's only one single thing that you can't do, and that's you cannot lie. Lord, once the word is spoken and once the promise is made, Lord, it can never return void. It's got to come to pass, Lord Jesus. We just pray that as we bow our heads and our hearts, Lord, we just want to humble ourselves and ask that you forgive us, Lord. Forgive us, Lord, of every wrong word, every wrong thought or action that we might have made, Lord. Just forgive us, Lord. We just need your mercies, Lord. We need the blood of Jesus Christ to cover us, Lord. Lord, that blood is so powerful, and that blood can never lose its power, Lord. We we need it, Lord, to forgive us. We need it for sanctification, Lord. We depend on that blood for our healing, Lord Jesus. Lord, you said that in your word, Isaiah has seen you, Father, just taking stripes for our healing. He would use the words that you were wounded for our transgressions. You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and by your stripes, we are healed. Lord, the word has been spoken and is now in our laps. What will we do with it? Lord, will we believe it and receive what we ask? Lord, that's all you ask, Lord, is do you believe? Do you have faith? And Lord, we just pray that if there's any unbelief in our hearts that you forgive us, Lord, every word is yay and amen. And we want to confess with our mouth that we believe the whole word of God. Everything that you've said, we believe and we love with all of our hearts. You promised us a body change, Lord, and we believe it. You promised us healing and we believe it. You promised us comfort and we believe it. And Lord, there's prayer requests, oh God, that was spoken, oh Lord God, this evening, Lord, where there's families that need comfort. Lord, be the great comforter to them. Lord, you're everything to us. Be a comforter to them, Lord. Be a healer to those that are sick. Heal the brokenhearted, Lord. Encourage the weak. May as a word as it comes forth, Lord, may it give strength. Oh God, as the scripture says, may the weak say that I am strong. Regardless of what the enemy says, regardless of how they feel, may they confess that they're strong, not in their own strength, but by the virtue of the Holy Ghost. Have your way in the service. Lord, bless brother Andrew as he brings forth the word. Use your servant in a mighty way, Lord. May your spirit come behind the word and bless us, Father. We pray. We love you. We thank you. We know you will because you're so faithful. We love you now. And commit the service into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. As we prepare to give the evening's offering, maybe sister Emily Huff come a song for us. Sister Anna. [Music] I felt whispering all the [Music] If my soul's oppressed, I don't want to love like the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. Keep the first thing first to live your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I fix my face. on you. All my desires reverse to keep the first [Music] thing. I give it all. My life in offering. My heart is yours. So have your way in me. Your kingdom's all I want to see. I don't want to love what the world loves. I don't want to chase what the world does. I only want you. I only want you. First things first, I seek your will and not my own. Surrender all my wants to you. Keep the first thing first to live your truth. Walk your way. Save my eyes. Lord, I fix my face on you. All my desires reverse. To keep the first thing [Applause] first. To keep the first thing first. All my desires reverse. to keep the first thing first. To keep the first thing first. First thing first, seek your will, not my own. Surrender all my words to you. Keep the first thing first to leave your truth. Walk your ways. Set my eyes. Lord, I'll fix my face on you. All my desires reverse to keep the first thing [Music] first. To keep the first thing first. To keep the first thing first. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Here I am [Music] waiting abide in me I pray. Oh, here I am longing for you. Oh, hide me in your love and bring me to my knees. [Music] May I know Jesus more and more and come live in me all my life. Take [Music] over and come breathe in me and I will [Music] rise on [Music] eos wings. Come live in me all my life. Take over. Come breathe in me. I will rise on eos wings. Here I am waiting abide in me I pray. Oh here I am [Music] longing for you. [Music] Oh, hide me in your love and bring me to my knees. Oh, may I know Jesus more and [Music] more. Come live in me all my life. [Music] Take over. Come breathe in me and I will rise on. He goes wings. Come live in me. all my life. Take [Music] over and come breathe in me and I will rise. On he goes wings come live in me all my life. Take over. Come breathe in me. I will rise on [Music] eos [Music] wings. Amen. Are you ready for the word this evening? Amen. Won't you stand with me as we prepare to welcome Brother Andrew as he comes forth this evening with the word that the Lord's laid on his heart for us this evening. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul rejoice, take joy, my king in what you hear. [Music] May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your [Music] ear. I love you, Lord. And I lift my [Applause] voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice, take joy, my king. It what you hear may be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. We exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee, oh Lord. Sing. We exalt thee. We exalt thee, Jesus. We exalt thee. Oh Lord, one more time. Sing we exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee, oh Lord. All hell king [Music] Jesus. All hell manuel. King of kings. Lord of lords, the bright morning star. [Music] And throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to praise [Music] him and forever more I will reign with him in Jesus. [Music] All hell king [Music] Jesus. Oh king of kings, Lord of lords. My morning [Music] star through loud eternal eternity I'm going to praise praise [Music] him and forever Oh, I will reign with him. Oh, turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look forward in his wonderful [Music] face. Strange strang. Let's sing it one more time to the Lord. Can we lift our hands and lift our voices to the Lord tonight? Oh, turn turn your eyes on. Oh, my [Music] Jesus. Oh, look for in his [Music] wonderful face. [Music] Oh, and the things of [Music] earth will grow strange, strangely dear in the life of his glory and grace. Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for a place that you can turn to in this world that we're living in? Amen. What an honor it is to be in the house of the Lord this evening. Amen. As as many of you have seen in the in the church message already this week that uh we're going to be having a baptism tomorrow after uh after service tomorrow and brother Jordan Robinson is is going to be rebaptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. He was he was baptized as a young young child, but he's seen the work of the Lord working in his life and just wants to rededicate his life and Amen. We're certainly thankful for young men that that understand the scriptures and want to put themsel in line with it. Amen. Amen. So, if anybody else would desire to be baptized, you can just make mention to one of the deacons at the back and different things there. Amen. and we want to be remembering the meeting there in uh Johnson City, Tennessee. And that's where a few of our our believers are here tonight. So, we just want to be remembering them that God will bless them in a bless blessed way. Amen. If you have your Bibles this evening, we'd like to u just dive right into the word of the Lord tonight. We'd like to look in Luke chapter 17. Brother Ron just made mention to me that brother Bill Delaney is here. So God richly bless you, our brother Bill. We love you with the love of the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's wonderful. Praise the Lord. Amen. You know, for some people it's just walking through the doors like another day. But for our brother, he's been through a battle. We just we just thank the Lord. This is no small thing. So we just praise the Lord for what he's done for brother Bill and want to continue to lift him up in prayer. Amen. Luke chapter 17 and verse 26 also Mark chapter 16 and then Luke chapter 24 as you're just kind of preparing those things there. Uh the Lord dealt with me on this u this little thought that I'd like to take here tonight and it it it comes from a quote that brother Brandon makes mention and it is the rising of the sun. He he he quotes Jesus in John chapter 14. He says because I live you live also. Speaking to his wife, because I live, you live also. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is to be quickened from the dead to be made alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. Luke 17 26 and as it was in the days of Noah so shall it be in the days of the son of man. They did eat, they drank, they married wives, they were given in marriage until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came and destroyed them all. Likewise also, as it is as it was in the days of Lot, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded. But the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. Also Markapter 16 verse1. And when the Sabbath was passed, Mary Magdalene and the mother of James and Salomi had brought sweet spices that they might come and anoint him. And very early in the morning, the first day of the week, they came unto the suppler at the rising of the sun. Luke chapter 24 and verse one. Now upon the first day of the week, very early in the morning, they came unto the suppler, bringing spices, which they had prepared, and certain others with them. And they found the stone rolled away from the supplr, and they entered in, and found not the body of the Lord Jesus. And it came to pass, as they were much perplexed there, behold, two men stood by them in shining garments, and as they were afraid, and bowed down their faces to the earth, they said unto him, "Why seek ye the living amongst the dead?" And I believe that we could ask those same questions today. Why would we be seeking the living one amongst dead traditions? He is not here but is risen. Remember how he spake unto you when he was yet in Galilee, saying that the son of man must be delivered into the hands of sinful man and be crucified the third day and and the third day rise again. and they remembered his words and returned from the suppler and told all these things unto the 11 and to all the rest. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Father, we have come before you tonight. We have consecrated oursel, Lord, one more time in your presence, Lord. And we we sincerely realize, Lord, the moment that we're standing in, Father, you have charged us, Lord, to stand here and to preach the gospel. Now, Father, as long as you are here, that is what we are duty bound to do, Father. And Father, we realize that you have a a bride that you're wanting to make ready, Father, by the robing of this word that has been given to us in this age. And Father, that's what we have come to church to do today, tonight, Lord, is to just to buckle up the armor just a little bit tighter to find some things, Lord Jesus, that you have for this specific hour that we're in. And I pray God that you would take these words, Lord, that I have studied and I realize, Father, Lord, that it might just seem like a Saturday night to some, but to me, Father, I believe that we're in a very special moment, Lord. You have ordained this moment, God. This is not just another time of reading of the scriptures, but I believe, God, that you have something in this word that will literally change the elements in our body, Father. Lord, I believe that just like we have read how that you got up out of the grave. I believe, Father, that one of these mornings that you're going to snatch a bride away, Father, that has been called by your name. And father, we don't want to just we don't want to ask a miss, Father, but we want to ask Lord if there is anything in us, Father, that would make us miss this resurrection, Lord, that would make us miss the rapture, Father, that we would place it under the blood of Jesus Christ, Father. For truly, Lord, we desire to make heaven our home. Now, God, we commit this service unto thine hands for the glory of the kingdom of God. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. May God bless his word. You may be seated here tonight in the presence of the Lord. You begin to watch the events as you begin to look at the the scriptures and you begin to look at the events that begin to transpire before Christ, before his crucifixion, and before his resurrection. You begin to study and find that there in those final moments of Jesus's life, you begin to recognize that he begins to operate in a realm where he is going to move into where he is fulfilling prophecy in in not just hours and not just minutes, but he's beginning to fulfill scriptures in a matter of seconds. there there at the cross, he begins to fulfill maybe what we would say hundreds of scriptures where you could trace it back and forth. But you begin to watch as the the the climate that there is in in Jerusalem at that time. You will find a people that are that are in love with Jesus. You will find a people that have that have worshiped Jesus. You can find a people that have been with Jesus when he is feeding them out there in the out there in the fields while he's teaching to them in this crowd that you will begin to see when they would come and be begin to break off palms off of the trees that they would begin to scream out blessed is he that cometh in the name of the Lord. And they're they're there and they're shouting hosana hosana hosana unto the Lord. And to think that the ones that were with him up there on the mountains while he was teaching, the ones that enjoyed the fishes and the loaves, the ones that are in that crowd is what brother Brandon would preach on believers make believers and unbelievers. His disciples are there. They are watching as their Lord is beginning to operate and step into the the fullness of his position that he has been raised up for in that hour. and even his closest friends, men that have walked with him, men that have understood the very power and his agenda why he was sent here. In a matter of three days, they are going to forget all that he has done in a span of three and a half years. They're going to come to such a spot in a spot of disappointment where they are disappointed in the people around them. They are disappointed in what they have seen. They are disappointed that the one that they have longed for is no longer there with them. And they begin to forget the master's words. They begin to get into a spot where they don't realize who Jesus is anymore. And that's the power of disappointment is that it will get you into a spot that you don't recognize what you have been raised for. But I'll just say it like this that they were getting ready to witness the greatest miracle that is still testified even amongst and and Buddhaism even today that there is one that got up out of the grave. Now when you you look at this word resurrection in in the Hebrew it is it is said or in the in the Greek lexicon it is it is spelled and set out like [Music] resurgis from the dead a rising again it's the revival of the dead of the human race or it is their return from the grave and I think it's wonderful when you begin to look at how The Holy Ghost begins to surge in services kind of like what we are have been in as of late. We begin to watch the surge of the resurrection of the Holy Spirit begin to take people that were dead in their trespasses of sin and we begin to see them walk in a newness of life. And you you begin to look and you begin to study out resurrection, you'll find that all the way back there in the Garden of Man in the Garden of Eden that men started down the journey to death. that that if man would not have left the garden, if they would not have left the tree of life, then they would have never been on the journey of death, if they would have just stayed away, if they would have just stayed away from the tree of knowledge and stayed to the tree of life. Then death would have never able ever entered into the picture, it would have never been such a thing that we buried one of our loved ones. But from that day that Eve accepted what what what Satan tried to offer her instead of what God gave her, she started to accept death into her life. And there we begin to watch immoral immortality or immor immortality, we begin to watch death step in. to think that the one that God created out of his own breath and out of his own words, he he begins to from that day that he begins to turn down the word of God that their natural life or natural death begins to start at the time that he begins to take of the tree of knowledge and of good and evil. But we realize that it's not just natural death that you and I are facing, but there is a spiritual death that is upon humankind. And brother random would say it like this that a natural death is not very bad but a spiritual death it is meaning being cut off from God and send away the day of grace. You see the more the more that man begins to eat off of that tree of knowledge. Brother Brandon would say it in several different cases that man begin to bite off automobiles. He begin to bite off gunpowder. He begin to bite off of these things. And the more that he begins to bite off of that tree of knowledge, the more that he kills himself, the more that that man dies. Brother Brandham would say it in the faith in the son of God. He said then when the question mark come across God's word then to me death came in. You see that's all Satan wanted to do was to create a question to create a reason on the inside of Eve. And when he did that that's when death came in. He said and when the question mark comes across your heart he said to God's word that's when death sets in. That's one thing that you and I must be against in this hour. There's a lot of things that we can say that we are against. We We can say we're against this and we can say we're against that. But I'll say that if we're going to say that we're against anything, we've got to be against anything that is questioning the word of God. I believe that we ought to tear down every stronghold. And I believe we ought to tear down every idea that tries to put upon a question in the word of God about your life, about the pastor's life, about this message. I believe that we ought to tear down every question. I believe we ought to tear it down because the the message is the answer to all of them questions because I believe that there's a door that is open in this generation that we recognize that there is nothing that is too hard for our Lord. You see, that's ought to be our objective. It's not just to get people to church. Come on, somebody. I'm happy that you showed up at church. I'm happy that you give your tithes. I'm happy that you love the Lord. But that is not our objective here at Full Gospel Lighthouse. It's not just to have merch more church goers and have more people that we can shake hands with and have a greater fellowship. That's not our agenda. But our agenda is to get you to the quickening power of Jesus Christ that will literally change your life from death unto life. I believe that too many times people are are just associated or they're just they're just common with full gospel lighthouse or they're common with the message. But I believe that the message did not come to bring us death. But the message came to bring us to life. And if all you know is a bunch of quotes and a bunch of scriptures, then you ain't got very far. But if the quickening power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ dwells on the inside of you, then Satan does not know what to do with a person. Come on, somebody. We didn't raise you up just to be people that shake our hands and to have an experience by shaking hands and by just going to church, but to have an experience with the same God that Peter met. The same God that Peter was so upset that he left him. But Peter turned around. because he had a revelation. He turned around and said, "That's my Lord." You see, before life can rise up, something has got to be laid to rest. Is that right? Before you can ever walk in a newness of life, something's got to die. Before you can ever go on in the Lord, before you can ever go on in the message, something's got to die. That's why Paul would say, "And you hath he quickened." Come on, somebody. And you have he how many you use do we have in here? And you hath he quickened. Come on, some the message didn't come to you just to leave you in a spot where where you feel like you're another church or feel like you're a better person or feel like you're a better churchgoer. Come on, somebody. That's what the Baptists are doing. They're creating better Baptists. They're creating better church of God people. They're creating people that show up. They might have to have an agenda to show up, but that's what they're creating. But the message came to produce powerhouses that are filled with the Holy Ghost that have died to themselves and are raised in a newness of life. Brother Random in 1957 would preach a message called the inunement. He said, "And to see those mocking priests with spit hanging in his face, a man hit him in the head with a reed and said, "If you're a prophet, tell us who hit you." One of them pulled the beard from his face and smacked him in the face and wanted him to take up for himself. He said, "If my kingdom was of this world, hallelujah, I would straightway call my father and he would send me 12 legions of angels." He said, "It could have been changed." He said, "It could have been changed, but how could he do it?" He just couldn't do it for his for his own children was crying out for blood. He said, "Could you imagine a daddy, a father with his own children in the darkness crying out for their own father's blood?" He said, "That's the reason that he he could do nothing else but die." You see, if he didn't, he it was doomed for his children. It was doomed for the creatures, but he had to die to save his people. And when he did, he bowed his head to this old earth and had a shiver round run over its back. It must have had a nervous frustration for the Bible said that the whole earth from the 6th to the 9th hour was dark was over the whole face of the earth and the earth shook and the rocks rent and the veil torn from the top to the bottom. The sacrifice the blocks turned over. The son of the living God died. He was so dead until the sun recognized it. He was so dead until the moon recognized it. He was so dead till the stars recognized it. He was so dead to the earth recognized it. He was so dead to the elements recognized it. The atmosphere recognized it. And everything had to know that the son that that was the son of God. You see, when Christ was here, he came here and he spoke expressingly that he had power over death. And there were those that had not seen the miraculous yet, but they had faith that he had the power over death. Because when Gyrus when his daughter that was 12 years old had gotten to a spot where she was sick and this infirmity was going to lead her to her death but there was something on the inside of Gyrus that made him go to the resurrection even before the res before his daughter ever needed resurrection. She was just in a spot but this man Gyrus had that much faith that even though she wasn't dead he could raise her up. But when the turn when the master when they come to him, the servant came to the master and said, "Don't trouble the master no more. Your daughter's already dead." Jesus said, "Fear not. Believe only. Believe only. This this sickness, this sickness, what you're going to see, she's just asleep." What did Jerus do? He did not stop walking with Jesus, but his faith led him right on to keep on walking. And I say this unto you, full gospel lighthouse. No matter what comes your way, keep on walking with Jesus. Keep on walking with Jes. If death strikes at your door, keep on walking with Jesus. Well, you know the rest of the story that Jesus walks in there and he raises that girl that was dead back to life. Jesus associates being sleep being asleep and dead together. When he begins to identify Lazarus and Gyrus's daughter, he begins to say, "She's not dead, but she's asleep." But Jesus has to change the wording for those that are around him because there are some people that do not understand the language of Jesus. So Jesus had to kick out the unbelievers to show him that he had the power over death. I say this that we live in an hour where Paul would say to his his letter to Timothy in second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second 2 second Timothy 3 that in the last days in perilous now we're going to have perilous times that they'll be heady high-minded lovers of pleasures lovers of lovers of themselves more than lovers of God. He said, "But they'll deny the power thereof. They'll deny the power. They have a form of godliness. They're real close to the thing, but they very at the end of it, they'll deny the power of it." What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm saying in a state that you and I are living in, we are living in an hour where men deny the power of the resurrection. They deny the power of the son of man that is here in this generation. But Gyrus recognized that he was not going to deny that power. He was a leader in that church. He was a leader in that synagogue. He was a leader in that city. But his faith did not faint on him, but it got stronger. It got stronger. And brother Mham would say in recognizing his day, recognizing your day and its message, he said Gyrus be to recognize his presence. He said he's appearing to us in these meetings for one purpose, and that's to release our desires that we have in him. But when Gyrus recognized that power, he recognized that was all his little girl needed. I say this to every every young person. This is all that you need. If you can just recognize that he's got the power to get you up out of your sin, out of your sickness, out of your trouble. If you can recognize him, Brother Brandham said that. That's when he releases his power to you. Glory. When you recognize that it ain't brother Ron, that's when it's a release of power. When you recognize it's not brother William, that's when it's a release of power. When do things start changing in an atmosphere like this is when there's a recognition that it's not the man, but there's a God that's backing it up. But I'm not going to be one of them that deny the power of the resurrection. I've seen it work in this generation. I've seen the power of the Holy Ghost move and transform lives. Hallelujah. Let me say this. They the widow of Na son, he was not a denier that God had the power over death because Jesus just went by and touched the brow of the casket when he walked by there and he raised him back to life again. when he went down to Lazarus and his sisters came down there to him and said, "Look, your friend that you love is sick." But Jesus said, "Now, I love this, brother." He said, "This sickness is not unto death." He said, "This sickness is not under death." And Jesus begins to tarry because he's got to allow the the the moment he's got to allow the moment of the miracle to transpire. You see, if there is no death, there can be no resurrection. And before we can know him as the God of resurrection, we got to know him that we can be planted in him in the likeness of his death, then we'll be raised in the likeness of his resurrection. Come on, somebody. You might have been disappointed with a lot of people, but the resurrection power will never let you down. Can you imagine what was going through Jesus's mind? Remember, he's God. Remember, he's a prophet. Remember, he's got eyesight to be able to look at situations differently than you and I look at them. He doesn't just see the glory that's coming from it, but he sees the hurt. All right, somebody. He sees the hurt. He sees the hurt. He sees the pain that Lazarus is going to go through. Where's my friend at? Hallelujah. Where's my friend at? But he has to allow him to slip into another world. Before you can ever recognize him as the God of victory, things have got to look like a defeat. I love what the prophet said. Faith knows no defeat. And Jesus brings word to his disciples and said, "Our friend Lazarus is asleep." And they begin to say, because they didn't understand his language, they begin to say, "Look, if he's if he's asleep, then he's going to do well." And Jesus looked at them and said, "He's dead. Wait a minute. That's a change." Well, Lord, you just said a few days ago that this sickness was not unto death, but now you're turning again and saying that it's he's dead. Who are you? Are we really following the God of the resurrection or not? But Jesus starts taking a walk. Whether people are with him or people are not believing him, Jesus starts walking to his friend's grave. Hallelujah. I'm preaching and I'm enjoying it. But Martha sees him coming and she said, "Lord, if you'd have been here, my brother would not have died." She still had faith in him. She still had faith in him. She said unto her, "Thy brother shall live again." She said, "I know he'll raise again in the last day." Because amongst the Pharisees and Sadducees, there was a disagreement. The Sadducees didn't believe in a resurrection, but the Pharisees believed in both, they believed that there was a resurrection. And though they may have never saw the person of resurrection, they believed in it. I think that's going to turn around on them one day. I think it's going to turn around on them while they're up there and they're crucifying him and they got a part to play and then they're going to try to turn around and deny that he ever rose again. But this woman was of a different lineage. She was neither Pharisee nor Sadducee. But she came from the very mind of God where she understood that God had a power that even though deadness had struck in that she she realized that that man had the power. I want to ask you again today, do you believe that he still got that kind of power? Is he still the same yesterday, today, and forever? Is he a changed God or is he a dead God? But I say this unto you. According to my faith in the scriptures, he is a God that lives. Don't you worry, Martha. Don't you worry, Martha. The person that you're looking for, I am I am Lazarus's help. I am Lazarus's gift. I am Lazarus's resurrection. I am the resurrection and the life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You see this? Lazarus was in a spot that he needed some help. Go study out loud what Lazarus is mean. He was in a spot where he needed some help and all of a sudden Jesus shows up. How many ever had that happen to him? Where you been in a spot when you and all you seeing nothing but bunch of deadness around you? Ain't no life there. Ain't no power there. And all of a sudden Jesus shows up. I want you to know this that God ain't missed his moment. God ain't missed his moment to show up and show that he's almighty God. You see, it might look like he's he's missed his moment to you. He might be four days late, but he's right on time. It might look like he's letting prodals go way out too far, but I say he's right on time. It might look like cancers is raging, but I say he's right on time. It might look like things of this lay age are taking over us, but I say he's right on time. He's not missing his moment for the miraculous because Christ, his whole entire ministry is built about raising up. His whole ministry is about resurrection because Jesus said in John 6 and4 639 and 40 that this is the father's will which have sent me that of all which have given me I should lose nothing but should raise it up again at the last day and this is the will of him that sent me that everyone which seeth the son and believeth on him may have everlasting life. Now, do you trust him? Do you trust him? And I, the one you trust in will raise him up at the last day. There's somebody that still believes. When the devil ain't done nothing but try to hinder you from believing in this. When he's tried to keep you, he's all right with you believing in a God that raised up 2,000 years ago, but he does not want you believing that he's the same God that can do it do it again. Come on, somebody. But brother Doug is here to show that he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Come on, somebody. How many times has Ron Spencer been dead? But I say this unto you, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. A fire couldn't kill him. Lightning couldn't kill him. Rattlesnakes and copperheads couldn't kill him. Heartaches can't couldn't kill him. And I'll go a little bit further. The disease of this age, cancer cannot kill him. It'll be Almighty God that decides when I leave and when I go. You see, that's the devil's job to put you in the pit. Don't put yourself there. That's the devil's job to put you in the pit. But it's God's go It's God's job to get you out. It's the devil's job to put you in trouble. It's a devil's job to make you into put you in a spot where you believe that he doesn't have resurrection power no more. So he begins to put you in a pit of despair, in a pit of depression, in a pit of anxiety. But I love what David said in Psalms 40 and2 that he brought me up out of a horrible pit, horrible pit, out of a miry clay and he set my foot on a rock and established my guns. Satan does not want you to rise. Satan does not want you to raise up. He does not want you to anticipate the rapture is for you. He wants to keep you in a pit, but God is here to bring you up out of that. I say it's time to rise. It's time to rise. I say let God be God and let his enemies be scattered. Hallelujah. I say it's time to rise and believe all things are possible. I say it's time to rise and believe that this message is for you and stop wasting your time. We're not here to play church. We're here to take a rapture. We're not here just to put a pacifier in your mouth and get you through. We're here to see you overcome. Well, if he got up out of the grave, I'mma walk into Somebody's going to rise up and they're going to walk out of that pit. I'm going to say that it's for you. I'm going to say it's for you to rise up. I'm going say if if Satan puts you in trouble, God will get you out. Hallelujah. I can hear a prophet say, "Satan may pin you in a corner. He may put you in a car wreck and an automobile right up on you. He might put cancer on you. But God will make a way out." I'm going to say it's time for you to rise. And you're going to rise. I say if Joseph got was sold into slavery and he and he rose to power then you can rise. If Moses was a shepherd and became a leader then you can rise. If the Israelites went from slavery to freedom then you can rise. If David went from a shepherd to a king then you can rise. If Job went from deep suffering to a restored blessings then you can rise. If Rahab could rise from a life of sin to becoming an ancestor of Jesus, then you can rise. If Nehemiah could come and rise from a cup bearer to a governor, then you can rise. If Esther could rise as an orphan to a queen, then you can rise. If the widow of Zarapath could rise from starvation to abundance, then you can rise. If Naomi could rise from bitterness to joy, then you can rise. Come on, somebody. If Lazarus could get up out of a grave, then you can rise. If Tamar could leave a tragic situation, then you can rise. Ain't none of you worse than Jonah. Ain't none of you worse than Lazarus. I say it's time to rise and shine. Our God is a God of resurrection. How many countless stories could I take you through where you should have never got up, but the pillar of fire made away? How many times could we punch into those that should have been dead and sin and should have died in car wrecks and should have died on do on dope and should have died on alcohol and alcohol poisoning and and all kinds of terrible things. But something on the inside begin to rise up and say I'm greater than drugs. I'm greater than sin. I'm greater than addictions. I say it like this. It's a gene seed in you that refuses to let you stay in your traditions. It refuses to let you stay in that sickness. It refuses for you to stay in deadness. That gene has got to be watered. And the only thing that you can be watered by is the message of the hour. William Brandon would say, "If I brought to you a Methodist idea or a or a or or a church of God, a church of God message," he said, "It would take no effect upon you." He said, "Because the gene of this hour or the seed of this hour has got to be watered of the seed of the message of the hour." I love when Isaiah begins to tap in to the resurrection. He says in Isaiah 26 and 19, "Thy dead man shall live together with my dead body, and they shall arise. What are you saying? What's Isaiah saying to us? There's one coming. There's one coming. Now you say, "Well, how does that matter to me, Brother Andrew? I'm identified with him in his death. I'm identified with him in his burial. I'm identified with him in his resurrection. I'm identified with him when he would poured out his poured out his spirit on the day of Pentecost. I'm identified with him when he knocked Paul off of off of his high horse and he brought him in to be the first church age messenger. I'm identified with a God that is greater than the deadness of Sadducees and Pharisees. But in order for there to be a resurrection, there's got to be a death. That's just how it is. For those that sleep in Jesus will Christ rise first. But they ain't going to be perfect without you and me. There are some here in this building that will not taste of death. I had an older minister one time. He sat me down as a young boy and he said, "Now look, I'm not going to get to see it. I'm not going to get to see it, but brother Andrew, you're going to see it. I don't know how that brother knew knew that, but it it was right. So, if that part was right, then the second part's right. But there are some here that will not taste of death. Now, if the rapture is is awaiting us for 10 more years, then there's going to be a lot of changes here. But there is going to be some here amongst us that will not taste of death. They won't understand the sting of death, but they'll literally be standing here one moment and all of a sudden, as brother Brandon would say, a sweep will go over you. But the reason why there can be a sweep is because there was a death. What are you talking about, brother? I'm talking about the death to yourself, the death to your flesh, the death to your soul, and accepting the life. That's why in the book of Revelations chapter 20, it said they have their part. Said, "Blessed are an honor to them that have their part in the first resurrection." And he goes on to say, the writer goes on to say, "And the second death have no power over them." Let me say this, there is a spiritual death. There is a first death, and there is a second death. But if you've been born again from above, you cannot have be a part of the second death. What are you saying, brother? I'm saying if you have not taken of the first death so you can have the first resurrection. Come on, somebody. Somebody's going to go somebody's going to go through the second resurrection. But I'm going to go through the first. I'm going to be in a rapture. I'm not going through the tribulation. What are you saying? I'm saying if there's one in the state of Virginia, if there's one in the state of the United States of America, I'm going to be that one. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is. I'm only halfway through and you're just getting to a spot where you're preaching real good with me. Come on. When brother Brandham, he comes and he preaches a very powerful message to this generation. And he titles it the indictment. And he takes from the scripture. He said to add to my text to break back in this he said I'd like to take these four words. There they crucified him. They the most holy city in the world, Jerusalem. They the most religious city in the world. They the most religious people in the world. Crucified the most shameful death that could be kill a person could be killed naked, stripped and closed. He was despised with a reproach. There they crucified him. the most precious person. The people that was his kinfolk, the people that was made out of the same dirt that he was made out of, Israelite dirt. Israelite dirt. there they crucified him. You see, they didn't recognize what they were doing, but yet it was in God's mind that somebody was going to have to step up to prove they had the power over all the supernatural. It was not just good enough for Jesus to heal the sick. Prophets had done that before. It was not just good enough for him to discern their hearts. Prophets had done that before. It was not just good enough for him to die. Men had done that before. But he had to get up for him to be God. And for him to remain God, then he's got to get up. If you can hear what I'm saying to you, you got to get up. You got to get up out of what people think about you. You got to get up out of Gleasia. Get up. Get up. Get up. You watch the same things done today. There they crucified this word where at the most holy of holies the religions of the world again have turned around and crucified. Said wasn't one Calvary enough. Hallelujah. Wasn't it enough? But I wonder how many times we crucifying him by letting things slide in and letting the message become commonplace to us or letting laya slip in and try to give us some watered down ideas about the message. Let me preach. So here you begin to watch a change over when Jesus is there on on that Friday. You begin to watch a changeover because there at that time the pascal lamb was still in operation. And there at that time only the high priest could go in there once a year and he could walk in there behind that blood veil. He could walk in there. You see it was a natural veil. And any man that walked in there that didn't have the anointing upon them, it was all of a sudden a natural death that came upon them. But our prophet stood in the unveiling of God and said, "Now it's death not to enter into there and it's spiritual death not to go in there." He went on to say, he said, "You notice that last plague in Egypt was death before the Exodus." He said, "The last plague on this earth is spiritual death before the Exodus. There they'll be cremated. return back into dust and the righteous will walk out upon the ashes. But the last thing is is spiritual death. It's a rejecting of this word. The blood of that lamb was in effect until this day until he died on that cross until the hour that he was hanging there. and God changed the system. There could be men that walked in there and they could feel the presence of God. They could walk in there under the blood and they were under that law and there could be powerful things that would happen. But when Jesus died and he ripped the veil from Hallelujah, he ripped traditions down. He ripped it apart that moment, that day, there was death to walk in there and accept the dead creed anymore. But the only way to laugh was to come to the one that had just died. I love what the prophet said. He said it was effect in effect until that hour. The blood of the lamb was all right until that day, but now the crucifixion, it changes. The old system is gone. He went on down a little lower. He said, "And from that old pascal lamb, it passed away and Christ became our lamb at the day of the crucifixion and the and the day that the denomination crucified the word of God and accepted a creed instead of the word of God." That's the day the word came into full effect. That's been just recently. The prophet said the day the denominations crucified the word of God. That's the day the word came into full effect. What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying it was not in any other age or in any other hour that the lamb stood up in this hour. Luther's the in Luther's age the lamb didn't stand up. In Wesley's age, the lamb didn't stand up because their message could not produce a full restoration. But Luther's was to start the reformation. You begin to study the word of God, you'll see in Revelations 2 and three that he said, "I have seen of thee that thy works are not perfect." And the prophet taught us that that word means unfulfilled. He said it was unfulfilled in Luther's day. He said, "But it had been written 1500 years before." Are you following me? Okay. Those that are following me, say, "Amen." Raise your hand. Amen. And raise your hand. That's pretty good deal. Amen. But there he said it 1500 years. They're waiting on it. But what did brother Brandham say? He said, "Now Luther, you're going to start this." That's what God is saying. He said, "You're going to start this." He said, "But I'm holding it back." He said, "You're going to start some things, but I'm leaving that till later on." You see, Luther couldn't touch this message. He had some spiritual insight, but he couldn't tap into the restoration because he didn't have full access to it. Come on, somebody. Wesley was a powerful man. Wesley had supernatural meetings. Wesley had some supernatural miracles that took place, but he could not touch he could not touch the restoration of this word in this hour because it had to be for a seventh star that would rise out in a dark generation that would break the darkness and bring light to this world. Let me say it's a it's a whole lot of darkness out there in Egypt, but Israel's got some light down there in Goan. She knows what she's looking at. Notice the light wasn't everywhere, but it was in the tent where they were sitting at. And in the tent of this message where he said, "I'll meet you in there." That's where there's light at in this third pull ministry. That's why Satan don't know what to do with you. You're a third pull people. This is that day. This is that hour. What are you saying, brother Andrew? Everything you have need of is in you. Oh, what a resurrection this is. Luther wanted it. Wesley wanted it. Pentecost wanted it. But it's here. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is. Now you know what the Bible said in Revelation chapter 5. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat upon the throne a book written and seals within and seals on the backside. And John, you remember what John does? John starts looking throughout all of heaven. He starts looking down through all the earth and he ain't finding nobody. But as David said, "If I ascend into the heights, thou art there. If I ascend into the depths, thou art there." And nowhere, nowhere did John find anybody that was worthy to loose you. He didn't find nobody. But there came a voice. Aren't you thankful for a voice? There came a voice in the midst and said, "Don't weep, John. Quit your weeping. Wipe your tears off." I'm saying this to you. Take your hanky out and wipe your tears off. Come on, somebody. Wipe away the tears of Leoa and the disappointments of life. Wipe it away. For there's one that's worthy. There's one that's going to stand up for you. You know the power. If he don't stand up, don't you? You don't even see yourself. You can't be released. But because he stood up, come on, church. I'm preaching to you message. This message has liberated you. Come on, somebody. The pope ain't worthy. The bishops ain't worthy. The priest ain't worthy. What was Christ doing? He was standing up to redeem his fallen bride. He was accepting what he was raised for. Now, I'm going to turn that. Are you willing to accept what you're raised for? Think about it. Let's have a real solemn moment right here. Are you willing to accept what you've been raised up for? Well, what is that, brother Andrew? Oh, it ain't that hard. You just got to stand in front of every laying devil and you got to proclaim the message is right. Are you willing to accept what you've been raised for? When people come against it, are you willing to accept what you've been raised for? When every devil screaming against you, are you willing to accept what you've been raised for? When every devil in hell's trying to stop you from going in the rapture, are you going to be able to accept what you've been raised for? Come on, somebody. It ain't very hard. You ain't got to create a new wheel. Just get on the message bike and roll. Ride. Ride this message. I'm riding on it. I'm riding on it. I'm not trusting in my own merits. I'm riding on this message. And this message going to take me to a resurrection. This message is going to take me to a rapture. Oh, you see what Ruth what put Ruth in position to accept what she was raised for was the death of her first husband. Because if she did not have the death of her first husband, there could not be no union between her and Boaz. But because but because her loved one, because of her first nature, let me come to you. But because your first nature has died, it has put you in a position to accept your Boaz. What did he do? He took Ro, he took Ruth and took her from a Moabitis to the next owner of the field. Come on, somebody. He took you from working in the field to being putting you as an owner over top of the field. You see what this message has done you? It took you from the chicken pin and it put you in an eagle pin. Come on, somebody. This message has the ability to take you from where you were not supposed to be and raise you to the position that God's destined you for. Let me say this. With everything that's within me, I love them people out there, but they have no power to put you in a rapture outside of this message. How do you say that? Because they don't have a restoration. But to you. But to you, what are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying they crucified the very one that you have in your life. They turned him down. I was just taking brother Tom or brother Michael Ray just down the road here where brother Brandham came here and preached on Summit Avenue before he preached in the convention out here in Harrisonburg. Billy Paul said that brother Brandon would like to come in to different areas before the meeting and he would minister. He would minister and begin to build up a repertoire amongst the amongst the people of the area. Brother Brandham host a meeting right down here at the Pentecostal church on Summit Avenue and they would not follow the message because William Brandham was wearing a wristwatch. That Summit Avenue church turned him down. But the Full Gospel Lighthouse Summit Avenue that was birthed on that same street, they recognized they they accepted what they were raised for. They didn't want it, but God raised up seed that would accept it. I didn't make myself accept it. I didn't put myself in position. But my Boaz, my Boaz redeemed me from a devil's hail. My [Applause] Boaz. Oh, somebody give the Lord a hand clap of praise. What was God doing? He was positioning you for redemption, for resurrection. Now, I ain't got time to close this out tonight cuz y'all going to kill me. And I want to be able to amen my pastor in the morning. So, but you can imagine and I just want to maybe I'll pick this up at another time. You imagine the people that were that close with him. They've watched him die. They helped carry him to the tomb of Joseph Arythea. They have weep. They have cried. They have mourned. But it was at the rising of the sun that they recognized that it was no longer sudden day. You see, he owns the field. He owns the field. So, he's got to raise up one from the field that he could wave over the people. He didn't trust it to Peter, but he trusted to the son of God. Because when you study out the book of Leviticus chapter 23, when they when they would come to the feast, that there would be a waving of the sheath before the high priest. And you realize what has transpired in this day that we have moved into a Melzdc priesthood. But we realize that what's been waved in this hour was the same thing that was waved in that hour. Because the first one that comes of the first fruits, you be see, you begin to recognize it was a sign to them priests that there was more like it that was coming. And when Jesus when Almighty God saw our Lord Jesus, he picked him up and he waved him across that generation because he recognized that there was a field that was full that had to come forth. And all of a sudden, 50 days later on the day of Pentecost, he began to wave himself. He began to wave himself over a 120 wheat and they brought what was it? They wasn't a part of the shook. There was a part of the grain himself because a corn went into that grain of corn went through the ground. But if it die, it abideth alone. But if Hallelujah, if it rises again, there'll be much abundance that comes with it. What was it? This message in this hour. Come on, somebody. Luther was raised up in his hour and he fulfilled the reformation. But let me say it like this. William Brandon was raised in this hour and he was raised for a restoration and this message that has crossed the world seven times was waved over it saying there's more coming. Come on somebody. That's our Lord Jesus up there. Come on somebody. Don't you stop at that sign. You keep going. The sign's pointing you to something. There's a lot of people that hate that picture, but that's our sign right there. That's our sign right there. It's a true sign that's overlooked in this generation. That's our sign. But don't stop at the sign. Don't stop with a sign. The sign's only there to tell you keep going. I live in Groto, but I don't stop with a sign. I keep going. Come on, somebody. I'm in a message church, but I ain't stopping at a message church. I'm following the sign all the way to the end. [Applause] and he rolled the stone away. And because he rolled it away, 120 gave life to 3,000. And 3,000 gave birth to millions. And here you are in this hour. If that resurrection has done this, what about this resurrection? Come on now. Are you going to accept what you've been raised for? I'm here at the rising of the sun. What are you saying? I'm saying the message changed me. I'm saying it was the rising of the sun, brother Stephen, that changed me. What was it? It was at the rising of the sun that Jacob got changed from Jacob a shyer to Israel. It was at the rising of the sun that he got his name changed. Come on, somebody. Peter went back to fishing. He went back to his livelihood. But it was at the rising of the sun that he saw Jesus on the shore. Come on, somebody. Joshua had some commandments. And on the seventh day, at the rising of the sun, the Bible says at the rising at the dawning of a new day, there be on the seventh day a people rise with a shout and walls fell at the rising of the sun. Hello. What's happening? It's a rising of the sun. I'll no longer call you church. I'll call you bride. It's a rising of the s Somebody give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise. If you love him, clap your hands. Come on, somebody. If you'll serve him, clap your hands. If you want to praise him, clap your hands. Let everything that is a part of this resurrection, praise the Lord. Let the musicians come. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm done before my timer went off, so I know it didn't cookie goose today. I'm going to close with this. Were you separated from your first union by spiritual death? Now you are born again or remarried again to the new spiritual union of that your natural life of the things of this world but of eternal life. That germ that was in you at the beginning found you. That germ that was in you at the beginning found you. All that the father hath are mine. You couldn't come to him. But that gene that was in the beginning, it found you. Now your old book is gone with your old union. Now with your name in your old has been transferred. Now you say, "Do you mean to tell me that my old book that God put it in the sea of his forgetfulness?" You stand perfectly before God. That gene that was in you at the beginning, it found you. It found you. I once was dead, but I am alive forever more. What a resurrection that was. But what a resurrection this is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our hearts before him. Father, Father, thou art ours. We have loved you. [Music] Lord, when it seemed like that all the world was just fading away, we fell so in love with you. We didn't even realize what was transpiring in our life. But God, there was a union that was taking place. Father, we are so honored to be a part of this resurrection. This message has taken us to higher heights. Father, the reason why we can recognize is because that we realize that you have deposited a seed. Brother Random would say that there the reason why that eagle that was down in that chicken bin, he recognized that scream was because there was something in him to recognize it with. Father, the reason why we could recognize the ego anointing over this age of death is because there's something there. So, Father, we turn and give you praise just now. This message has done Lord what the world could never do. It has turned our faith back to you. Father we glorify your name in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] me up in a prison and throw away the key. Take [Applause] away the vision from these eyes that now now can See, then deprive me of the food I eat. [Music] Even by my hands and my feet for as long as I know Jesus. He said that I could still go [Music] free. He said that I could still go free. [Music] Oh, tell me what kind of man would reach out his hand and do this for me. [Music] unworthy to live and not fear to keep a man on the cross. He put my name in his will and said that I could still go free. Now I never knew [Music] why a king would be his [Music] throne to dawn. on the [Music] road of an earthly man. And feel the pain of flesh, flesh and bone. [Music] into [Applause] [Music] later tralary. [Music] But those blood red stains, they broke all my chains. He said that I I could still go free. He said that I I could still go [Music] free. Oh, tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. [Music] unworthy to live and not fit to keep. [Music] But a man on the cross. He put my name in his will and said that I I could still go free. Let's sing it again. He said that I Did you hear him when he spoke that to you? [Music] Oh, tell me what [Music] kind of man would reach down his hand and do this for me. [Music] unworthy to live and not fear to kill. put a man on the cross. He put my name in his will and said that I could see go free. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a rich like [Music] me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. [Music] It was grace that taught my heart to feel and grace my fears [Music] healing. [Music] How [Music] precious that grace of you out I first be. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood, his mercy reigns. [Music] Unl my chains are gone. My chains are [Music] gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] Savior has ransom me. And like a flood, his mercy [Music] raining. Amazing grace the Lord has [Music] promised good to me. is worth my hope secure. He will my shield and shall live. As long as life endures, my chains are gone. [Music] I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. And like a flood his mercy praise. But in [Music] my amazing [Music] grace, the earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forb to [Music] shine. But God who called me here below will be forever. [Music] My chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my Savior has ransomed me. [Music] And like a flood his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing [Music] grace. God bless your name. in prisoners chains with fleeting cries. Oh, in silence they prayed that night. And in their pain begin to sing. Their chains were loose and they were free. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name in the midnight hour. If you should find you're in a prison in your mind. Reach out and pray and break those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the [Music] life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Well, if you want to know Oh, yeah. where I'm going. Where I'm going one day soon. If anybody asked you where I'm going, where I'm going one day soon. Well, tell them for me I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. [Music] I'm going up yonder to be with my [Music] Lord. I can take the pain, the heartache that might bring. There's comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. His God gives me grace. I'm going to run this Christian race until I see my Savior face to [Music] face. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. I'm going in the rapture. I'm going in the [Music] rapture. I'm going in the rapture to be with my [Music] Lord. If you want to know where I'm going where I'm going one day soon. If anybody ask you where I'm [Music] going where I'm going one day soon for me I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder be with my Lord. I'm going in the [Applause] rapture. I'm going in the rapture. [Music] I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. [Music] If you want to know where I'm going where I'm going one day soon cuz God gives me grace. I'm going to run this Christian race. until I see my savior face to face tell for me. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. Be with my Lord. I'm going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. Amen. Please come back. High upon the mountain from where he ascended, the angel of the Lord declared that it would be. He said, "Don't stand here grieving for the one that you see leaving in like manners is coming back for you and me and me." And I believe he's coming back just like he said. I believe that the trumpet's going to sound so loud. going to resurrect the day in the twinkling of the night. He'll split that eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like you see. I believe the time is nearing that soon we'll see his appearing. This could be the very hour. Oh, this could be the day when saints from nation will lose their gravitation in the middle of the air called away. And I believe he's coming back just like you said. [Music] I believe that a trumpet's going to sound like going to resurrect the [Music] day in the twinkling of the night is when that Easter I believe he's coming back like God bless you through Christmas. I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe that the trumpet's going to sound so loud. Going to resurrect the [Music] day in the twinkling of the night. He'll split that eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe the time is nearing that soon we'll see his appearing. This could be the very hour. Oh, this could be the day when the saints from every nation will lose their gravitation in the middle of the air to be called away. [Music] And I believe are
