################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - He Went to Hell for Me - Bro. Ron Spencer on April 13th, 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-13
Title:    "He Went to Hell for Me" - Bro. Ron Spencer on April 13th, 2025
Speaker:  Ron Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylYE-Gidmjk
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I know you are glory. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, the living side. Oh, for the living water. For the living water. Oh, never mind. Oh come through and cast Lord take complete control. Oh welcome Holy [Music] Spirit Lord. We are in your presence. Oh fill us with your power. Oh and lift aside. Oh, we lift our hands to worship you. We lift our hands to worship you. Holy Spirit, holy one. We come into this temple, [Music] Lord. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] Glory are in your presence. Oh with your power. Oh living. Oh let's sing it to him again. Oh welcome Holy Spirit. Lord we are in your presence. Oh fill us with your power. living inside. Amen. Won't you just turn and greet your neighbor this morning. Welcome each and every one of the house of the Lord. Glad to have all of our visitors with us today. Everyone tuning in by stream. God richly bless you. Amen. Sing a song. Be unto your name. Holy, holy, Lord God. We are a moment. You are forever, Lord of the ages. God before time. We are a vapor. You are eternal. Love everlasting raining on high. [Music] Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, worthy the lamb who sings. Highest praise, honor, and glory be unto your [Music] name. Be unto your name. We are the broken and you are the heaver. When Jesus redeemer mighty to save and you are the love song that we'll sing forever bowing before you blessing your [Music] name holy holy Lord God Almighty and worthy, the lamb who was slain the highest praise. [Music] Holy mighty king, worthy, the lamb who saved his praisees, honor and glory be to your name and be unto your name. Amen. He's worthy of praise, isn't he? He will sing us on through the fire. He never promised that the cross will not be heavy. [Music] He never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to collide. And he never offered a victory without fighting. He said, "He'll put on some comfort time." Well, just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision and the adversary says, "Keep me. Just hold on cuz our Lord will show and he will take you finally. Many times of question certain circumstances on things I could not understand. Many times in trials my weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets all out of pain. But it's then I am reminded I've never been forsaken. I've never had to stand the test, Lord. Only victory. The spirit rises up in me. And through the fight, my weakness is made strong. And he never promised that the cross would not get heavy and the hill would not be hard to collide. [Music] Oh, he never offered a victory without fighting. But he said help would always come in time. Just remember where you're standing in the valley of decision in the adversary says keep me just hold our Lord will show and he will take you all the singing he never promised. [Music] Oh, he never promised that the cross would not be heavy and the hill would not be hard to collide. Oh, he never on earth or dream without fighting. But he said help him would always come in time. Just remember when you're standing in the valley of decision in the adversary says give [Music] just cuz our Lord will show hope and he will take you to find him. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad that he's with you through the fires of life? Amen. Let's sing a song. You are not a God created by human hands. You are God alone. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a god dependent or any mortal man. You are not a god no anything we can give by your plan and that's just the way. For you are God alone from before time beame. You are gone. You are God alone. right now in the good time. You all you are God [Music] alone. You're the only God whose power none can contain. You're the only God whose name praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy for everything we can give. You are God and that's just [Music] waiting. Oh, you are God Lord from before time. Oh yes, you are God right now. right now. It's a good [Applause] [Music] time for you. You are God alone. Oh, you're unchangeable. Oh, you're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable. And that's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable. And that's what you are. Oh, you are God alone. from before time began. And you [Music] all and you are God alone. And right now in the good times there you are. God. Amen. Aren't you glad that he hears you when you call? He is God alone. He's worthy of your praise this morning. Amen. As we go to the prayer request, we have many needs amongst us this morning. Want to be lifting up each and every one of our elderly that are in the shut in, can't come to services, but stream by the way of the internet. Want to pray for them. want to be remembering our brother Clarence Morris, sister Betty, our brother Roger, Sister Anne Sailor, as well as continue to lift up Sister Sarah Gooden in our prayers. I want to pray for our pastor this morning that God would just touch him, strengthen him and body. We're believing in many more good reports to come in the future, aren't we? Amen. So, I want to pray for him as well as Brother Andrew as they're traveling this coming week. brother Andrew to New Zealand and then uh our pastor brother Ron and brother Tim Puit's youth camp there that God would just minister to the youth there in a supernatural way. Want to remember sister Donna Ber that is brother Tom Ber's wife there in Kentucky that God would just move on their situation just heal her of that cancer as well as our brother Bill Delaney that God would just touch him strengthen him and body there after that heart surgery. I want to continue to lift up our sister Lorie Snow as she had uh her aorta had ripped from her heart to her stomach. She was given 50% survival rate. Uh she had several surgeries. She is now communicating and they hope to get her off a breathing tube today. She's on a slow dialysis, but we're believing for many miracles there. So, just pray for Sister Lorie Snow, Brother Randy Snow there. They were in uh Seattle traveling back home to Arizona and uh they were about to catch a plane. So, they're away from home as well. So, just be remembering them and the family there. Please pray for those who are fighting cancer, my brother-in-law Charles Bradley, my cousin Scotty Arnold, and my friend Elena Kesler. I also had I also need a touch in body. Thank you, sister Deborah Watson. Amen. Asking prayers for my grandson case Kase. Uh he his stepdad and his stepdad for things coming up this week. Thank you, brother Ray McBride. Amen. Just remembering brother Ray's grandson there. Please remember my uncle Clifford Tomlin. He goes to UVA on Monday for a biopsy on his liver. Thank you, s brother Denny Vance. So would just be remembering brother Denny Vance's uncle there that God would just touch him, ministered him and just lead him to the Lord there. Amen. Brother Ron, brother Andrew in church, please remember my brother Donald in your prayers. He has a need and body, the Meadows family. So just bear remember not Donald Meadows there. Randy and I have some unspoken request we ask the church to help us pray about. Thank you Sister Wanda Hinkle. Amen. How many would say I have an unspoken request as well this morning? Lord just pass by my way. Sweep through the building. Lord maybe you just reach out and touch the hem of his garment and he'll meet your need this morning. Amen. I'm going ask brother Gabriel Spencer if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace this morning. What a wonderful dedication of a baby we had last night. Little Eat and Jane. We just give them all unto the Lord this morning, don't we? Amen. God bless you. Let's just bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we're so thankful to just come and be here again once this morning. And Lord, what a what a greater place to be than here and here in your presence and here amongst believers and those of like minds and like faith, Lord. And I believe there's more than two or three gathered here in the building this morning. And Lord, all those prayer requests that would be brought. I just you hear the ones that are fighting cancer and sister Ber there and our pastor and those prayer requests that uh that we heard brought forth with the cancer with and Lord Jesus. I just believe that though it may be the spirit of the age, I also believe that there's a greater spirit here amongst us. And that spirit can come and touch each and every one of those. And Lord, we hear the sister there that's that's in Seattle and her aorta ripped and they give percentages and they give all those things. But I just believe that's just a testifying of of how great the miracle will be, Lord. And I just believe that you would just go and be there with her and be able to just touch each and every one of us that are here among the building. And Lord Jesus, I just pray that your spirit would just come and fall because we don't want to come and just have a gathering of people. We want to be able to come and worship you and be able to give you all the praise and glory that you are deserving of, Lord. And I just believe that after a service last night, as brother Andrew would just come and he would just preach and just be able to show that the seed must come forth and no matter what storms and trials we must come through. And Lord Jesus, we know that seeds are born through the fire and the the gold is tried by the fire, Lord. And I'm just believing this morning as we've have a we have a pastor that he's been tried once and tried again and Satan would come and he would just be able to just come and just try him by different sicknesses and different trials. Lord, I just believe that we'll be able to just catch that anointing and catch the inspiration this morning of the service and just be able to come and just allow us to move directly into your presence, Lord, and be with the be with our pastors as they would go and travel. I believe that you would just go with them and protect them in the travels and protect them and just be able to anoint them this week as brother Angel would be in New Zealand and brother Ron would be in Louisiana. Lord Jesus, I just pray that your spirit would just go with them and just be able to speak directly to the people. And Lord, we know there's only a few seeds left and once those seeds come, we could just go right home, Lord. And we know we are here for a time being and just a just a period of time. And Lord Jesus, I believe that that door is closing. And I just pray that we all could just come and have a greater walk with you after this morning. And Lord Jesus, we just thank you for what you're about to do. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. This morning, as we receive our tithes and offerings, we'll sing a song, He Abides, He Abides. We'll have Sister Sarah Robinson prepare to come sing for us this morning. And then the choir after uh after Sister Sarah this morning. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way for the hand of God in all my life I see. Oh, and the reason of my bliss is the secret. All is this, that the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. [Music] He abide. Oh, halleluah. He abide with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way. For the comfort abides with me. Well, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace with him till I heard how Jesus died on the tree. Oh then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me. Well he [Music] abides. He abides. Oh hallelu, he abides with me. Will I rejoice in night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere and he knows my every day. I'm as happy as an earth and just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since the comfort abides with me. Aren't you glad that he abides? He [Music] abides. Hallelujah. be abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comfort abides with me. Oh, there's no thirsting for the things of the world. They've taken grace. Long ago I gave them up and instantly. Oh my life was turned today. All my burdens roll away. Now the cold murder ab by the way. Oh just sing it to him when he [Music] abide. He abide. [Music] Halleluah. He abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk that narrow way for the comforter about me. Amen. You can be seated this morning. [Music] I was buried beneath my rebellion. Lost without hope of redemption. Blind to my need for a savior. Oh, but God crushed by the weight of my failure. Living the lie I created. Digging my grave without knowing. Oh, but God. Oh, but God rich in mercy. How you love me too much to let me stay lost. My salvation sent from heaven nailing my sin to a cross. Oh but God you gave me a truth worth believing. And I traded my chains for your freedom. Cuz you were the one that I needed. Oh God, resurrecting my heart from the rest. My rescue came through like the morning. Now this is my sure testimony. Oh God. Oh God. Rich in mercy. How you love me too much to let me stay lost. My salvation sent from heaven. Belling my sin to a cross. Oh you are rich in mercy. How you love me too much to let me stay lost. My salvation sent from heaven nailing my sin to a cross. Oh my God. Hold the wreckage of my choicees. You have turned to life from ashes. Lifted from death, risen with him. Now I stand in confidence. I know that all the rage of my choicees you have turned to life from aes lifted from death [Applause] ris now Christ standing. Compounding. Oh, rich in mercy. How you love me too much to let me stay low. My salvation sent from heaven nailing my sin to a cross. Oh, you are rich in mercy. How you love me too much to let me stay lost. My salvation sent from heaven nailing my sin to a cross. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. Oh God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, I've been turned around, but I've never been lost. See the water get trouble. But we walked across when my knees were shaking. You held my hand. Turning my problems to a promised land. Lead on good shepherd. I'll follow all my days. There ain't nothing sweeter than a watch you make way. You walk me through the valley, but you never steer me wrong. So lead on your shepherd lead. Seen some mighty that you brought me through. seen some mighty big mountains and they're just still been moved. Glory glory hallelujah. Yeah, that's my song. Walking with my father into the great alone. The good shepherd I'll follow all my days. There ain't nothing sweeter than to watch you fade away. You walk me through the valley, but you never steer me wrong. So lead on, good shepherd, lead on. Step by step, day by day. Lead me on, Lord I pray. Road gets dark. Walk by me. Lean on good shepherd. Set by step day by day. Lead me on Lord I pray. Broken star walk my good shepherd. We are good shepherd. I'll follow all my dreams. There ain't nothing sweeter than watch you make way. You walk me through the valley, but you never steer me. So wait on the shepherd lead on step by step, day by day. Lead me on Lord I pray. Rogue gets dark walk by faith. Lead on good shepherd. Step by step by day. Lead me on Lord I pray. Broken sto by the good shepherd. The good shepherd. Lead on good shepherd. Lead on good shepherd. Lead on good shepherd. Lead on good shepherd. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian? Amen. Kia A. Amen. Let's just stand and and uh prepare our hearts today for the preaching of the word. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. [Music] And because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Oh, because of who you are, I give you glory. [Music] Because of who you are, I'll give you praise. [Applause] because of who you are. I will lift my voice and say, "Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Jehovah [Music] Gyro. Oh my proider. Oh Jehovah na. Lord you reign in victory over shal. Oh, you're my prince of peace and I worship you because of who you are. Hallelu. Oh hallelujah. [Music] For the Lord God Almighty [Music] reigns. [Music] Hallelu. [Music] Hallelu. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Holy, [Applause] holy. Are you Lord God [Music] [Applause] Almighty? Worthy is the Lord. Worthy is the Lord. For you are holy. [Music] Oh, are you Lord God [Applause] Almighty? Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Won't you spend some time just now invite him by your way? [Music] Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelu. Let him touch your hearts today. [Music] Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. Holy, holy, are you Lord God Almighty? [Music] [Applause] Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. For you are holy, oh holy are you, Lord God alm [Music] mighty. Holy is the lamb. Holy is lamb for you are holy. Holy are you Lord God [Music] Almighty. Let's just sing it one more time this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Holy, holy are you, Lord God. Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. For you are [Music] holy. [Music] Oh, are you Lord God [Music] [Applause] Almighty? Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] We recognize he's here. I don't know what your need is this [Music] morning. You know, we will go and spend hours and hours sitting in doctor's and specialist office, but five minutes in this presence. That's right. Come on. Can change your future. [Music] Maybe you've been sitting on a fence and, you know, just kind of not giving it your all. [Music] Won't you just let the Lord come by your way? And all you have to do is say, "Lord, I I surrender. I don't have a great speech. I don't have to spend 15 minutes in prayer. But Father, I surrender my all. He cares. We've got a God that cares. Won't you just let down that shell this morning and say, "Father, I need you. I need you like never before. Hallelujah. Heavenly Father, we bow our heads to [Music] you. What an awesome presence in this building today. Now, Lord, come by our way. come to my temple today. I want to say I surrender. I'm sorry. I'm sorry where I've disappointed you. I'm sorry for everything that I've ever done that would hurt you. Now Lord, we have great needs and you're a God that that there's nothing impossible. We think our mountains are too high to get over and the valleys are just too deep. The storm clouds are so hard. But God, I've met a God that walks on water. That's a light in the darkest place. Now, Lord, we surrender oursel to you. Now, Father, come by our pew because you care. We invite you just now. Anoint the speaker. Anoint the hearer. Lord God, thank you for coming. Thank you. Our prophet said, "You go where you're invited. I invite you to the throne room of my heart like never before. Touch our lives today. In Jesus Christ's name we pray." Amen. And amen and amen. Amen. Do you love him? Amen. Just need greet your neighbor right there where you are this morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord with you. And Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm looking for Tommy. Where is he? Oh, there he is. Yeah. I'm I got to meet with them just before service and I I've known I've known some of them since in the '9s and and uh so good to have family among us and so Amen. We so love you with all of our hearts and if I don't get to greet you personally I want to say hello and thank you for coming and each and every one of you. Once again, we're so happy to have Sister Tiffany with us and and uh that's brother Glenn Gruner's daughter and uh and we're so thrilled that she's here. She's a nurse and does a lot of great work. And so I have got great respect for nurses and so Amen. They do what doctors can't do and they can put that gentle touch just right. And so we thank her for being here. Amen. And so we we were I was listening to a service this morning. I kind of had my eyes closed and and I was just I was just meditating and and we've got some we've got some chairs there and I I study in a certain place and and I opened my eyes and she was sitting in a chair just over a place and just enjoying it and and I I thought this is really nice. And so I I just so thank you guys for everything that you do for us and thank you for your prayers this week. We we had more we had more uh to see the doctors and so you know it's a roller coaster experience and there's good days and there's bad days and just because you get a good test and just because you get a bad test, he's still God. He's still God and my peace is inside of him. And so Amen. And maybe those that are listening are fighting cancer and it's up and down experience. Well, you just rest a little bit. Yeah. And you just just have some peace. God's got it. God's got it. Doctors are only there to help us. There are the agents on the earth and and you know, take their medicine. And that might be kind of against your will, but you know, they're they're trying to help you out the best as you can. And and just remember, medicine is a chemical and you have a chemical body. And brother Brandham said it's worth about 84 cents. And you may put a $500 suit on it, but your body's worth about 84 cents. And so, Amen. Maybe you think you're something. I just blew your bubble for a little bit there. And so, I'm sorry. Amen. God bless you this morning. If you will turn with me to Matthew chapter 27 and verse 57. I want to speak for just a little bit this morning and um I want to speak on He went to hell for me. Amen. He went to hell for me. Amen. Matthew chap 27:E 57. And when the evening was come, there come a rich man of Armthea named Joseph, who also himself was Jesus's disciple. And he went to Pilate and begged the body of Jesus. And then Pilate commanded the body to be delivered. And when Joseph had taken the body, he wrapped it in a clean linen cloth, and he laid it in his own new tomb, which he had hewned out in the rock. And he rolled a great stone to the door of the supplr, and departed. And there was Mary Magdalene and the other Mary sitting over against the supplr. Now the next day that followed the day of the preparation, the chief priest and the Pharisees came together unto P, and I've always marveled at these next couple of verses, saying, "Sir, we remember that that deceiver said while he was yet alive, after three days, I will rise again." Command therefore that the supplicer be made sure until the third day, lest the disciples come by night, and steal him away. And say unto the people, he is risen from the dead, so that the last era shall be worse than the first. And Pilate said unto them, you have a watch. Go your way. Make it as sure as you can. And they went and made their supplicer sure, sealing the stone and setting a watch. Stupid devil. You may be seated. Now, they didn't believe him in his doctrine, but they somehow believed him in his resurrection. That's quite a paradox, isn't it? They're afraid he really is going to come back to life. I got news for them. He did. He did. Brother Brandon would say it like this. He said, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." It works perfect with Matthew 24 and St. John 5 and 24. He that heareth my words and believeth on them, and that has sent me has everlasting life, and shall never come into condemnation, but hath passed from death unto life. Not because you had any more move or any emotion, but because you have been the privilege of having Christ revealed to you from heaven. Amen. and upon this rock I'll build my church. And then Jacob when he died, his son had his body packed up and he was buried with Abraham, Isaac and Sarah and Job in the Holy Lands in Palestine. And then Joseph being a prophet, he prospered down in Egypt. He knew God and God had revealed himself to him and and when he died said, "Don't you bury my bones down here." But when someday God will surely visit you. Why? He rested solemnly upon the word of God to Moses. 400 years they'll serve this nation, but I'll bring them out. And I want you to just notice this next statement. He rested solemnly upon the word. That's our resting place today. Right now, brother Ram says, "I God is going to judge you for your attitude towards Christ." No. No man. Hell wasn't made. It wasn't made for Christians. Hell was made for unbelievers. And God has did everything that he can to keep people from to to bypass hell so that you won't have to go there. He sent a law. He sent prophets. He sent his son. He sent the Holy Spirit. He sent churches, hymns, everything to try to keep you from going to hell. Hell was not made for people. Hell was created for the devil and his angels, not for human beings. But if you go, it's because you willingly want to go. It's because you willingly want to go. And listen, if you're against God and against God's word, you become an enemy of God. Are you with me? Listen, I don't want to go. And he says, he says now, but he says, "But if you go, it's because you willingly want to go. And you can't go easy." I love this statement. You can't go easy. You will have to fight your way. You'll have to fight your way into it. Did you know that? You can't go to hell easily. You have to fight your way to it. Let me just say this to you. Hell was not made for believers. Thank you, Lord. I want you to know as a Christian here this day, as believers, you're as close to hell as you'll ever be. Listen, it's not a fictitious place. If you'll notice, hell was mentioned more by Jesus than heaven cuz he came to keep you from going there. We have an experience through brother Brandham when he was shot at 14 years old. And if you'll just give me a little time this morning, brother Brandham at 14 years old, he he slips into that dimension. I believe it just as much as I believe he was transported beyond the curtain of time. And he slips into that dimension. And I'm not going to tell every detail, but he begins to talk about the falling. And he said, "I was falling and I couldn't stop." Listen, that alone is enough. Right? But I was falling and falling and I had nothing that I could catch myself to and I was screaming. Came to a place to where that was a place of people moaning and and groaning and right let me just say this to you. There's no friends in hell. Oh, brother Ron, but we're going to party down there. Let me just say this to you. They will blame each other for being bringing them to a place of torment. Young people, let me just say, your friends that try to get you into drugs and alcohol and pornography and all different kind, they're not your friends. And we're headed in a complete different direction than they are. This is not our home. And we will never be comfortable here. Connie was were driving me through UVA the other day and seeing all the sites of of Sodom and Gomorrah and Leosa and she said it just makes me sick. And I told her, I said, "It's because the God that's on the inside of you. It makes God sick. So it's going to make you sick. Listen folks, this is not our home. This is a temporary place where we build character and know Christ as our savior. Brother Brandham, and I'm just going to jump. Brother Brandham was sitting in JC Penney and he's speaking souls now in prison. Now, he walks with angels and with some of the greatest people on the earth, but he recognizes like we're in two dimensions. And you say, "Well, that was just Brother Brandma." Really? You slip into these services and you feel what you feel even now. That's right. And you realize this is a lot different than what I feel on my job. This is a lot different than what I feel out in the world. It's because you're being pulled in a direction. Are you with me? You're influenced from above. Brother Brandham is in JC Penney and he's doing what a lot of us men do when our wives are shopping. he was sitting. And so he's he's watching people come up on an escalator and he's watching and all of a sudden what he saw in hell he sees before him and women coming up with their hairdos and the the stuff on their face and all of that different kind of thing. He sees that same image that he saw there. That's right. And you might say, "Well, that's that's really difficult for me to believe that that what he saw in hell, that's what he's seeing here." Let me just say, you're being pulled in one direction or another. And you're going to fight your way to go to hell. That's right. You're going to fight your way to go there. Now, listen. in the Old Testament when when they would die and believers, prophets, great patriarchs of the ages, they were under the blood of bulls and goats. And under that blood of bulls and goats, they couldn't go into the heavenly dimension because it took the blood of Jesus Christ to release that realm to where that they would be held. That's right. Now listen, the was these was phenomenal individuals that had had phenomenal experiences with God himself. Abraham sitting with him under an oak tree and Sarah being changed. Ezekiel seeing him as a will within the middle of the wheel. Job seeing him and knowing he didn't understand death. And God revealed to him that in his flesh, he'll see God. And when it came their time to die, living under that blood of bulls and goats, and they believe the serpent on the pole, but it come a time to where that they would slip. And there's just no better way of putting it. It comes a time where your body cannot sustain life. Right. That's right. And your body can't hold it. And so these patriarchs, listen, they didn't have a revelation of Malachi 45 and six like you have under the seals to understand what death is, right? They didn't understand it. They couldn't. And let me just say it as a real believer, we can step forward like my mother did and say, "I'm ready to go." Right. And when she said, "When I'm ready to go," she just slipped in because she'd believed this message all of her life. And she knew when her heart quit beating here, her last breath here was her first breath there. And she was in perfect peace. Can you imagine the fellowship of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and Ezekiel, and Nahome, and the prophets David, and Solomon, and all of those men in that dimension knowing him and with an expectation, he's coming. Brother Brandham said, "When Adam's raised, the children of Adam was all backed into a corner. Death and sickness on every hand. Sin crowding in. The law had failed. The prophets had failed. Everything had failed. And they had refused. And and they were in such a muddle. diseases and ignorance and so forth had just collapsed them into a place that there was just no hopes left. And there stood Adam's race quivering and shaking and nothing could be done. Hell was opening up her bosom to swallow them up. And in glory, someone stepped out. the son of God. I'll go down farther. I'll become one of them. I'm gonna try to behave all I can. And the angel said, "What will you do?" And he said, "Watch." One day, standing yonder amongst the sons of men, he looked down through the greatest dread that man ever had, which was death. and he raised his arms and he went to a place called Calvary and he plunged himself into the darkest mist that man ever feared, which was death and conquered it. Don't let those words just be words of poetry. Don't let it be words of conquering. It was your greatest enemy. We celebrate next week as Easter. Without Easter, we're all lost. Without Easter. We die without Christ. We live our years out. Some at birth, some at a teenage years, some in their 20s and 30s, some in their 90s. But without Christ, Brother Jason, we die like a dog. That's right. We die like a dog. It's just over, right? Satan had made plans to destroy the human race. Last night I sat where you sat, Andrew, and I realized I was sitting in one of the greatest services that had ever been in because the presence, not because of him. Because I recognized the presence of God that was in this building. And if you can recognize every one of you are at war, That's right. Every one of us are at war, right? And every kind of spirit is trying to keep you. Listen, Satan is smart enough to realize, he reads the book, he's smart enough to realize, I don't have much time left. That's right. He's got the drunkard. He's got the dope addicts. He's got false preachers. He's got them. But it's you. What does he want about you? Not your red hair, not your gray hair, not your build. He wants your position. Brother Meadows, I so love you. He said they call it a theophony that when we leave here, we go somewhere else, whatever it might be. I I take the apostles words when he said, "If this earthly tabernacle or dwelling place be dissolved, we have one already waiting. It's real near you. It's real near you to move from this into that. Now watch this. Don't let this be redundant. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and Job, and all the prophets, they trusted and believing that there was coming a resurrection, that the redeemer was coming. They prophesied of him. Enoch prophesied of him, rested solemnly, sealed his testimony with it. Isaac and Jacob and Daniel and Jeremiah and E Ezekiel, they rested solemnly upon the time that the Messiah would come and they died with their souls and went into paradise and they could not go in that presence of God because he said that the blood of bulls and goats could not forgive sins. It only covered sins. Speaking of a day that when this perfect sacrifice song was sung just a moment ago, the lamb caused the blood in the animal could not come back to the worshipper. He said, "For when he would have not ceased to offer sacrifices of that type, but when the son of God died, the life that was in him was none other than but God." Amen. to come back and adopt us into the heavenly family of God. This next words, "And now we are the children of God." The life of the blood, the life of his blood. I and I don't mean to jump here just for a moment, but let me do this. in in John chapter 18 and verse 36. And Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world. And if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I not should not be delivered to the Jews. But now is my kingdom not from hence." And Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? And Jesus answered said, "Thou sayest, that I am a king, and to this end was I born, and for this cause," notice these words, "and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth, and everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice." Amen. I want to just stop you just for a moment. It's no small thing you're here cuz you didn't put yourself here. But God rich in mercy watched over your life. I want you to just, you don't need to dig back too far, but you knew that you were making the wrong choices. Brother Ron, but I chose God. No, your choices were taking you away from God. God chose you. [Applause] You wasn't looking for God. God came looking for you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God, don't let this be a small thing. Don't let it be a small thing. God who created the heavens and the earth. God who created it all. God who spoke it into existence had you on his mind before any of that. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. We think it's some humrum thing that we Okay, we're going to church on Saturday night. Okay, we're going to Don't you never take it common. Don't you never think take it as just something to do. This isn't going to Walmart. This is hearing from your heavenly home. [Applause] That's right. I'll just give you a little thought. In every service, and I'm talking about every service, I pray, "God, you're a big God. I want you to speak one sentence in this sermon to me. Why not the whole thing? Why not the whole thing? Brother Ron, let me just say when he says that one sentence to me and I know that that's my I am that I am. Yes, I want you to write the book. I She's been waiting on my permission for a long time and she knows what I'm talking about. So there's your one sentence. But when God speaks to you, Mr. Mitchell, you're not from here, West Virginia. You have a tumor on your lung. It's a death sentence. Listen, he had sat through an entire sermon, but now that sentence is him. I got to send a video yesterday of day before yesterday of brother Brady. Brother Brady has dementia now. Don't know who he is. And the pastor that is there was a young man in the church and raised up phenomenal young man. And I'd like to go back one more time. And brother Ron, you'll never do that. Don't tell me what I won't do. They've told me not to travel and I'm going to Switzerland in October. Hallelujah. I'm going to heaven soon. One sentence. One sentence. That's all that's required. That's what we look for because it speaks life. Are you with me? He spoke last night about seed. You didn't put the seed there. And neither does a preacher put the seed there. That's right. That was in you before the foundation of the world. That's right. But you get under the right atmosphere and it comes to life. And it's not you living anymore, but it's him living. You say, "But brother Ron, I've tried over and over and over and over and over again, and I keep falling. Get up." He said, "We see him in his earthly ministry as a conqueror, but now let's watch him after he died. He still went on conquering. I love that quote. He still went on conquering. He never ended that at the grave. The Bible said his soul descended into hell. and he preached to the souls that were in prison that repented not in the longsuffering of the days of Noah. I want to back up just a moment. He's hanging on a cross and listen, we can not even Hollywood could set the scenes of the atmosphere wrestling and fighting. Listen, the real believers were on the ground horrified. They were horrified. They had saw the phenomenal miracles that had taken place. Listen, they had saw him come walking on the water. They never had expectations of him being beaten until he was unrecognizable as a human being. Right. Right. to where his organs would show through his ribs pumping. Brother Brandham would so vividly explain that little dots becoming bigger dots. And then Pilate would stand there before him and say, "I find no fault in him." Now, here's something that you may find astonishing because with your ears, you hear your critics. You hear your critics so bash you. They're anointed of hell to do that. They're anointed of another realm to bash you. But I'll tell you what they're doing to you. Bringing you closer to Christ. Simon is asked to take and pick up his cross and carry it. Listen, God placed him there. God's not a racial God. God placed him there. God placed him there. his boys would be recognized in the book of Acts. God placed him there to pick up that cross when he was asked to do it. It's not some just by occasion. God had him. And he's carrying the cross with Jesus because now he's too weak to carry his own cross. Brother Brandon would explain the spit that was running off of his beard and they were spitting on him and they were cursing him. None of us have had a day like that. Don't tell me about how hard your life is. None of us have had a day like he is going through. But it didn't stop him. It didn't stop him because he'd already died to his own will in the garden of Gethsemane and he's hanging between heaven and earth. They lift him. Listen, the word says it, "Cursed is he that hangs on a tree." Listen, the only sinless man went to the lowest people of the cities became a footwash flunky, the lowest individual, and he preached to the lowest people. He didn't preach to dignitaries, right? stuff collars to try to win them. He preached to them, but they didn't want to hear it. And now he's hanging between two thieves. Let's just say it like it is. They deserve to be there, right? That's right. They deserve to be there. They've done a lot of bad things to be there. That's not our topic this morning. And let me just say this to you. Had they been given the opportunity, I want you to just hang on to this statement just for a moment. If they'd have been given opportunity to go down off of the cross and go live a life, they would have repeated the process. They'd have repeated the process. You can walk to an altar and if you don't really surrender, you'll repeat the process. God can forgive you of your sins and do his best for you, but you've got to totally surrender. You got to do it or you'll repeat the process over and over and over again. One begins to make fun and the other one begins to rebuke him and try to stop him. Stop it. He's done nothing. And he begins to talk to him and he ask him a question that I think is so phenomenal. Remember me. I would say we have a pretty good guess here. He never saw a miracle. He never heard a sermon. Never saw water turned to wine. He never saw the worst of people become pillars. But he recognizes a presence. I hope that when you come to this church, you recognize a presence. You may have went to churches that were dead as 4:00. I don't want this church to be like that. I want every time that we walk into this church, there's no nights off. That's right. There's no services off. Every service should be like a convention. It should be an expectation from us. I came to have a meeting with God. Lord remember me. Jesus's last earthly convert cost him the most. His last on earth cost him the most. Brother Ron, I need you to explain that. Okay. He went to Simon's house to get a woman. Not to impress Simon, not to impress the affiliates of the of the city, but to get a woman that would wash his feet. He went to a well to get a woman that was not welcomed in any church. And he went and sat on that well and even had to send his disciples away to get her. Now follow me. He had to go to a cross. That's right. Not just to redeem those that were before Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob and all of those or me and you sitting here tonight, but in his fleshly journey in that body that no doubt never weighed over 150 lbs that looked older than what he was to get a thief. God will go where his seed is at. He's not ashamed of your dirt. Cuz underneath all of your dirt is a diamond. Under all your dirt is a diamond. Amen. When he breathes his last breaths, he speaks in another language. And those priests make fun of him. They make fun of him. And even then they begin to say, "If you are the Christ, come down." Brother Brandon would say at that point the greatest compliment that they could have made. Listen, even the devil knows who he is. And even the devil knows who you are. How, brother Ron? He watches the light, right? Cuz you're you're light in a very dark place, right? And listen, he don't have to have discernment to know. He watches the light. Now all he did from that that moment, he says, "Father, forgive them. They know not what they do." You say, "Brother Ron, what do I do with my enemy? Fight them?" No, you'll do no good. You'll just waste your energy. Without Christ, they're not going to change anyway. What do you do with your enemy? Forgive them. That's right. When they rail and accuse you and do all different kinds of things, don't it make you mad? Sure, my flesh. But listen, I don't operate from here. I have to operate from another dimension. Father, forgive them. That's good. What does that do? It releases the anger. I can't stay there long, but you get the point. Brother will use some of these thoughts that I'm getting to you. You might want to go back and listen to souls now in prison, kinsman, redeemer, inunement. He cares for you. Now what brother Brandham went through falling your savior went through if I can say it the easiest way is God went to hell for you. He took your place because all of you had the DNA under Adam's fall. When you get born, that baby that Connie just held this morning early, Miss Eden Jane, that baby that looks so innocent that I prayed for that God would give her an angel spirit, that baby will have to be born again. You won't teach her to lie. You won't teach her to do things that she really shouldn't do. You won't teach her to break your heart. You don't teach her. It's the Adamic nature. But when God comes in, he separates us from all of that. And that nature dies. And God gives you a new spirit. And he gives you a he gives you the Holy Ghost. And he seals you that the devil can't even get back to you. [Applause] Without saying it, God sent his own son to hell for me and you. The only way you and I can be redeemed is Jesus Christ. Well, science says they don't even know who that he ever came. Science also said if you go past 30 miles an hour, you'll fly off into space. Science says that Noah's arc never happened. Right? Science says a whole lot of things, but I'll tell you what God said. Come on. God's ambition was to keep you and I from going to that place. Now, when he gets there, he's not just laying on a rock. When he gets there, he begins to preach. He preached to the souls that heard Noah's message and rejected it. Why, brother Ron? Noah was prophesying of him to come. Right. And he was in hell proving that Noah was right. That's right. I am him. [Applause] I am him. that Jacob talked about. I am him that David talked about. I am him. Come on. Come on, church. I am him. I am not just one of the boys. I'm not just one of the prophets. I'm not just a great man. I am the kenchman redeemer. I am God in flesh. Brother Brandham said he walked up to the door of hell. You heard it last week. You heard it last week. Brother Matt when he finished up I thought I thought the whole weekend last week with brother Matt was so phenomenal. And he began to preach on standing up to a bully. I know our memor is not very good but if you remember the weekend before I preached on God standing with you. That's right. And then Matt is finishes his sermon on Sunday and I thought it was phenomenal. And he begins to preach on Jesus in hell. And I was sitting there and I turned to you and I said, "That's what I'm preaching next week. God's wanting to tell you, I went to hell for you. This is no small thing. You're not saved by any of your righteousness. You're not saved by any of your good deeds. Those things only express the presence of God that's inside of you. You're saved by the blood of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandon will tell it in several different places. He knocks on the door of hell. And I like what Matt did. He said he didn't just knock or some but it knocks on hell and Satan comes to the door. Now I I want to preface something right here. I believe that our prophet had access. How did he know that Eve had blonde hair? How did he know that she had blonde hair? How was he able to express what Adam looked like and his shoulders and what happened as they walked out of the garden? Brother Brandon will preach it and then a couple of services later said, "I watched Adam and Eve walk out of the garden." That's right. RCA and all of those places were not the first video. That's right. Come on. I'm not going out on a limb. He's not making these things up. Hallelujah. I believe the angel of God showed him for specific purposes. I'm going to have a bride that needs these things for sure that they can rest on the solemn promises. [Applause] Brother Ron, you're stretching. Oh, am I He's got a patient standing in front of him. And he's got a patient standing in and he goes back 40 years and explains what happens to a a dog getting off of a bus and a dog chasing them. And then he goes forward and shows that they're healed. standing in two dimensions at the same time. Need more proof? Brother Brown is standing in Mexico and a woman's carrying a dead baby. And brother Brown, I'm not going to tell you the story, but Brother Brandham after a vision says, "Bring her to me." It wasn't an if, folks. This is not an if. It wasn't an if. He knew that baby was coming back to life. And I want to say this to you. Some of you been here for decades, but you're still resting on the silent promises of the word of God. Don't let your faith get shifted every with different directions. I felt that. So, I'm going to take care of it. Abraham waited for decades. Decades. And his faith never wavered. Some of us are going to have that same testimony. I've been here for decades. 60 years after the prophet is dead. I'm still believing this message even more than I did. Yes, sir. I'm as enthusiastic about this message as I ever have been. And I'll tell you where my heart is. I may die in this earthly body, but it won't be of cancer. [Music] He knocks. Lord, help me. He knocks on the door of hell. Andrew, I'm gonna give you a piece of what I'm going to preach next Saturday night. You're what shows you how good you are is that you have a worthy oppon opponent. And the scripture says that he created his enemy. He created a worthy opponent. You say, "Well, Brother Ron, the the opponent that I have to fight is so strong and so horrible." God didn't give you a devil. Come on. Come on. He knew how powerful that you would be. That you would be the overcomer of this age. And he didn't give you a devil to fight against to prove who you are. [Applause] The devil tells him, he said, "I thought I had you when I got the prophets. I thought I had you when I got Abraham and got Isaac and I got Jacob. I thought I had you, but now I've got you." He thought, right? But this opponent that Satan's standing in front of is the same one that whipped him in the heavens. That's right. He's the same one that whipped him in the heavens and cast him into earth. Listen folks, you are fighting a defeated enemy. Brother Brandon said he reached over and grabbed the keys. He grabbed the keys off of Satan and pulled them out and took the keys of the trinity of hell. Death, hell, and the grave. So death can't hold you and you're not going to hell and the grave can't hold you. Now listen, where's those keys at, brother Ron? What do you do? Go hang them on a nail? No. No, he gave the keys to Peter. Who do men say that I, the son of man am? Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Peter, flesh and blood, hath not revealed this unto you, but unto my father which is in heaven. And he gave him the keys of revelation to know who Jesus Christ is. And if you properly know who Jesus Christ is, then you know who you are. [Applause] Brother Doug, how important is that to know who you are? I want to ask you, this is important part right here. How important is it for you to know who you are? I want you to look at your neighbor and I want you to tell them how important it is for you to know know, not think, but to know who you are. You're not going to like this devil. You're not going to like this part. Not think who you are or read a book and know who you are, but when you know who you are, nobody has to convince you of it. It's a revelation that God dropped in your heart. You abide in me and my words abide in you. You shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you. Listen Jesus's word. I have power to lay my life down and power to take it up. He knew who he was. If you know who you are, there's no devil in hell. No devil in hell. Come on. No devil in hell. No devil in hell. None. None can shake you of who you are. None. Now, Alcoholics Anonymous will teach you one day at a time, mind over matter, how horrible and and to hate alcohol and to hate drugs. And so you'll start counting days. I I've been I've been sober for 342 days. Well, that means tomorrow you've got a challenge. That means tomorrow you got a challenge. Well, I've been clean for soever many years. Well, that means you're trying to hold on to something that's only a thought. But with this message and that seed in your heart that's been illuminated, you know who you are. And you're not counting days. I say it again. You're not counting days. You're living in the day. If he comes today, I'm going with it. If he comes tomorrow, I'm going with it. I'm resting on the solemn promises of the word of God. You're not getting up on Sunday morning having to make a decision. Oh, should we go? If you're doing that, you need this altar. Come on, preach, buddy. You're having to hold a gun to your head just to come to church. You need this altar. Cuz a real believer that's in love with Jesus Christ, they can't wait to walk through those doors back there, this is a love affair. Now, you can give me a few more minutes. I didn't set my timer. Thank you, brother Vernon. reminds me so much of brother Homer. I sat with the at the table with him and takes me back so many times. And when I watch Andrew preach, it takes me back. And when I watch Andrew sing, it takes me back. Listen, you can't deny DNA. I I just want to say to you, you may be new among us. You just don't know how much to appreciate what we've got. You need to thank God of what God's doing here at this church. You really need to thank God for what God's doing here. God raised up Andrew. I didn't raise him up. And Brother Homer didn't raise him up. Andrew came back from Vancouver, a changed man, totally different. And brother Homer was sitting on the he was sitting back here. Homer would talk to me during the service and he'd talk to me during a service and 90% of it was not about church. Brother Thomas would say, "Amen. I know that." And Homer was sitting right back here and he said, "You know Andrew is a preacher." I said, "Yeah, I know that." I said, "Yeah, I know that." He said, "He's a preacher." He said he got something in Vancouver. He's going to be a great preacher. And he was right. He was right. He was right. And I just appreciate enjoying it. He's my son, but he's more than my son. He fed my soul last night. I didn't get paid to say that, brother. I don't like it. I could care less. And I mean that with all my heart. People get jealous of Andrew. I Is this okay? PE people people get jealous of Andrew. Listen, you need to get jealous and want the God that's in him. He's getting ready to go to New Zealand. I I've taken a break here. My chest is done getting excited, so let me take a break. He's getting ready to go to New Zealand. I've been there five times, preached in a convention he's going to for the pastor's father, brother Derek. And don't tell him I told this story, but Derek was disillusioned and he was Derek's son was disillusioned and he was in a tough place and he told me he said, "I want you to pray for my son. He's he's kind of out of church and I want you to pray for him." And so, Brother Harold Hildebrandt and myself was was uh preaching the meeting and uh so I asked Brother Derek, I said, "Is he here?" He said, "Yeah, he's here." I said, "Well, you you tell him to drive me to church." Really? I said, "Yeah, I want him as my chauffeur this week." So, he came and picked me up. Him, me and Brother Harold. I sat in the front seat. Harold sat in the back seat. I told Harold, I I want to sit in the front seat because I want to I want to talk to him. And so I sat in the front seat with him. I never talked to him about church. I never talked to him about the message. I talked to him about what he did. I talked about the woodwork that he did. I asked him all the secrets of the trade. I said, "Who's the most influential person you've ever worked for?" And he said, "Donald Trump. He said, "I've worked in his yacht and I've worked at New York and worked in his mansions there in New York. I I've worked on that woodwork that he's got there." He said, "I like him." He said, he's a downto-earth guy. He said, "Now, out in the public, he's all of that." He said, "But down to earth." He said, he said, "He'll leave all the dignitaries and come talk to to to us workers." Amen. I didn't mean to make you mad. And we just talked those kind of things for days. We we kind of talked that for days and I would plan what we were going to talk about. I never talked about none of those things. On the last day, I saw a change. I saw a change. And then we went to brother Derek's house and I saw a change. And now he's the pastor of the church. And Andrew is going to preach there. I may never get to go back there, but I'm sending you. This church is sending you. You're going to tell a story. Well, let me tell one more. His nephew was at a meeting that I was at in Belgium, and his nephew was going to make a journey home, and there was a girl from Arizona. These two had never met. And this girl from Arizona, some of you might know her on Facebook, but this girl from Arizona and they were sitting at the train together. And I could tell they never spoke a word to each other. And brother Gido and myself were going to board the train. And we get on the train and there's two seats here and there's two seats there. And the and one of them wants to set with brother Gido and one of them wants to sit with me. I said, "Oh, no. You two need to set together and get to know one another because you're going to spend your life [Applause] together. He went to the door where Abraham and Isaac and Jacob was. I don't know. I don't know if there's any feelings in that dimension, but if there is, their heart must have been jumping out of their chest. That's him. And all of their testimonies and all of their life becomes alive. All of their life's journey now is fulfilled. That's right. Job said, "That's him. I knew I would see him. Sarah, that's him that sat under the oak tree. David said, "That's him that I built a temple for." For the critique, he had Solomon to build the temple. That's him. What does that have to do with this service? If you can recognize that's him. Give me two more minutes. If you're sitting on the fence, you will have to fight your way to go to hell. You've got loved ones that's doing their very best, fighting their way, and they don't know what this will do for them. They're fighting the very thing of what this will do. Hey, listen. There's people that have sit in your church for decades and walk away. What they walked away from was what will put them there. Maybe I'll preach this again after I come home. What is the cost of walking away? Let's just talk about that just for a minute. In the New Testament, there's two names that's called Janice and Jamas. They're not even mentioned in the Old Testament. Not even mentioned. They're not mentioned. But God remembered. Notice they became the opponent to the prophet. I cannot imagine on judgment day. That's right. Being known not for all the great that I done in life, but being known for being the opponent to the message. Amen. I don't know how many people walked away from your church and believed thy sign and against brother Biscll and against the message of the hour and said all kind of ugly things but they may be millionaires but on that day they'll be known. for walking away. Hey, that's hard. I know that's a difficult statement, but now becomes the reality of fighting your way to go to hell. What do you mean fighting? Fighting the message, fighting Wesley, fighting Martin Luther, fighting William Brham, fighting Donnie Reagan, fighting Ed Biscll, fighting your way to hell, and the opponents that are against you, that fight you on Facebook and fight you and all kind of nonsense, forgive them. They're creating their own judgment. That's hard, Brother Ron. No, they made it hard. I'm just a preacher of message. They made it hard. They made it hard. Now, my last statement. When he's walking up the hill, they were screaming, "What did he do to you? What did he do to you? What made you want to crucify him? He healed your sick. He raised the dead. He fed the 5000. He forgave you." What spirit made you want to call crucify him? What did William Brandham do to you? What did William Brandham do to you? What did Homer Frasier do to you? What did Ron Spencer do to you? I love my own worst enemy. That's the God that's in me. I can forgive you, but what did I do to you? What did temperate do to you? I could list the names. What did they do to you? That's right. So then they fulfill the quote that I read. You're fighting your way to hell. Amen. You're not fighting Walmart. You're not fighting the Cowboys. You're not fighting Donald Trump. You're fighting God. They walk out of Brother Brandham's meeting. They light up cigarettes in the meeting. Brother Chris, I would hate to be known. This all takes my breath. I would hate to be known as sitting in Brother Brand's meeting and light a cigarette. Disrespect. Amen. I don't know where this sermon will go. I be really honest with you. That's not up to me. My job is to preach it. My job is to preach it and try to help you. That's right. I want to say this to you. I don't want none of you to go to hell. Listen, there's no reprieve once you go. This ain't Hollywood where they rewrite the book. This is where you get it fixed, brother. Brother Ron, but I got problems. Get them fixed. Get them fixed while your heart's still beating. Don't wait till you get in the grave. Don't wait till you get dementia and say, "Oh, I got to get it fixed. Well, I got this against that person. I got this against that person. I I you know I I I Father forgive me. Father, I surrender my life. You may not be able to get down on your knees, but call on God. I'm not going to make a public spectacle of you, but quit serving God halfway. Brother Jonathan, God wants first place in my life, right? He don't want second, third, fourth. He wants first place. And let me just give you a little piece here. If he's first, everything else will line up. I'm going to just say something to you, brother Matt. You've only been here a couple of months and there's a notable difference. And I'm not trying to to say anything bad, but this Christ, this living word that you have fought for, you can enjoy. And it's not just good for you, it's good for your wife and it's good for your children. [Applause] It's your turn. And when you were planning, you were planning where to go on your time off. You were planning where to go. And God put on his heart that you would your heart that you would come and you would stay at my house. Joel told you would have come. And God spoke to me last night and said, "She's come for a deeper experience with Jesus Christ." You can have a great job and you can have great things in your life. A boyfriend won't fulfill that. Having the greatest job in the world won't fulfill that. But what you're feeling right now, why don't you just let it soak your heart right now, Tiffany? He sent you here for this. Hit that right. I want you all to bow your heads now. I don't know how to end it, but there's a presence in this building that is so strong. I'm not going to ask you to come to the altar. If you want to do that, that's great. But there's some things you need to fix. in this presence. You can get it fixed. Don't let pride rob you of it right now. Don't let your self-will rob you of it right now. Young people, you can fix it right now. Father, I surrender my whole life to you. Would you just raise your hands all over the building? say, "I need him. I need him so much. I need him so much. I need him. I just so need him. I so need him. Lord Jesus, we feel the nearness of your presence. You're such a personal God, Lord. We We couldn't even put oursel here, but you came. The difference of us than the world is you. You changed our life. Now Lord, if there's any indifference, anything that's not right, anything that's contaminating our spirit, Lord, would you just come and clean that out? Just come clean that out. I've been watching things I shouldn't watch. I've been listening to things I shouldn't listen to. I've been feeding on the wrong things. Father, Father, Lord, touch people's lives all across this building, even on the internet. May they feel in their living room right now your solemn, holy presence. The Lord Jesus, you went to hell so I wouldn't have to go. And Lord, all of us want more of you. That's our deepest desire is to love you more, to know you more. And I'd like you to invite you, Father, into my life like never before. Lord, I said this this morning when I was up early praying. I've preached I've preached over 40 years, but I want more of you today than I've ever had. I have went through a trial for five years now and doctors never thought I'd be here. But you you allowed me to go through this trial. And Lord, if I've got to go through a trial, I pray it brings me closer to you than ever before. Help me God. Help me to be a better pastor. Help me to be a better better preacher. Help me to be a better husband. Help me to be a better daddy. Help me to be a better grandfather. Don't let me waste a day. I want individuals to know the Christ that lives in me. I want to be known for one thing, to be a real Christian. That's what my desire is. I don't care if people know my name. I want to be known as a real Christian. One that exudes love and cares. Help me father. Help me God. I pray in Jesus Christ's name I ask you. In Jesus Christ's name I ask you. Amen. Could we stand and sing that Andrew? Only believe all things are possible. Have you felt him come near to you today? Have you felt him come near? Amen. Well, while he's near, let him change your life. This song was uncctioned to the prophet of the Lord that the angel loved this song. Sister Dorothy, isn't he so [Music] special? Now today, your your situation looks impossible. totally impossible. But God is a God of impossibilities. But he asks you to do one thing. Just believe. In a few minutes when we walk out of this church, I pray something is anchored in your soul. regardless of the storm. Father, I'm going to believe and I'm going to trust you. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are [Music] possible. Lord, I believe. Let's just worship him. [Music] Lord, I believe all things are possible. Lord, I want you to think about your impossibility right now and claim the promise. [Music] believe that all things are possible. [Music] Lord, I believe. Oh, believe me, you only believe that all things are possible. [Music] Lord of the name. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. [Music] I'd rather be here than every chase untold. I'd rather have [Music] Jesus than housees or land. I gather they live by his [Applause] name sh than to be the king of a vast domain. [Music] Hell it seems It's [Music] sway [Music] Jesus for it a I'd rather me than to be. Oh, king of your man. [Music] in sway. [Music] I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] he [Music] of Christ alone will I glory. Though I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed beyond measure and only by his strength I've overcome. I could stop and count successes like diamonds in rings. Oh, but those trophies were not equal to grace on which I stand in Christ alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross in every victory. Oh, let it be said of me. My source of strength [Music] alone is Christ [Music] alone. In Christ alone will I glory. His grace I am redeemed. And only his tender mercies can reach beyond my weakness to my knees. Oh now I seek no gater honor oh than just the Lord. Oh and to count my gains belongings for the glory. You're my Lord. In Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory. The power of the cross in every victory. Oh, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my soul of hope [Music] is I came to you. My heart was in pieces and found the God within me. I turn to you. Put everything behind me and fell on God who makes all things new to you. I looked to you. I was drowning in my questions. and found the God who holds all wisdom. And I trust in you and I step out on the ocean. You guard my hand amongst the waves. Cuz you're the God of all my days. Each step I take, you make [Applause] way. And I will give you all my praise. My seasons change. You stay the same. Cuz you're the God of all my [Music] days. I ran from you. I wonder the shadows and [Music] foundlessly pursue. I hear from you. I was haunted by my failures and found whose grace still covers me. I fell on you when I was sad. I'll be kiss and found. Oh, you the lifter of my [Applause] hand. And I worship you and felt you right beside me. Oh, you're the reason that I sing. Cuz you're the God of all my days. Each step I take, you make away. And I will give you all my [Music] praise. My season change. You stay the [Music] same. Cuz you're the God of all my days. Each step I [Music] take, you make [Music] way. And I will give you all my praise. Hallelujah. You stay the same. cuz you're the God of all my [Music] days. Wounded and forsaken. I was shattered by the fall. Broken and forgotten. Feeling lost and all alone was summoned by the king into the master's course. Lifted by the Savior and cradled in his arms. I was carried to the table. We'll sit right where I [Music] belong. Will carry to the table. Oh, swept away by his love. I don't feel my brokenness anymore. When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table. Oh, the table. of the Lord. Fighting thoughts of fear and wondering why he called my name. Am I good enough to share this cup? This world has left me lame. Oh, but even in my weakness, the Savior call my name. And in his holy presence, I'm healed and unshamed. Oh, I was carried to the table. Oh, city rock where I [Music] belong. I was carried to the table. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, swept away by his love. [Music] Oh, and I don't feel my brokenness anymore. When I'm seated at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the table of the Lord. Fighting thoughts of fear. Oh, fighting thoughts of fear and wondering why he called my name. Am I good enough to share this call? This world has left me lame. But even in my weakness, the Savior called my name. And in this holy presence, I'm healed and unashamed. I was carried to the table. Oh, city right where I belong. [Music] carried to the table. The times most swept away [Music] by and I don't feel my brokenness anymore. When I'm sitting at the table of the Lord, I was carried to the table. The table of the Lord. Let our praise be empty space call about in this [Music] place. Oh every heart you are transforming. Oh [Music] come have your [Music] glory. Darkness tremble. Mountains crumble when you draw near to us. Oh, you draw near to us. Strongholds [Music] breaking. Oh, destinies [Applause] changing. When you draw near to us, oh, you draw near to us. Oh, let our [Applause] praise be the empty [Applause] space. Oh, come by in this place. For every heart you are transforming to have [Music] your darkness trembles, mountains crumble. When you draw near to us, you draw near to us. Strongholds breaking. Oh, destinies [Music] changing. When you draw near to us. Will you draw near to us? Oh, every life can be restored with you. Fill this [Music] room. God, fill this room. [Music] All angels are in every corner when you feel this room. God feel this room. Oh, everything that comes alive. You feel the room. God feels this room. Oh, chains will break and demons will run. You feel this room. God, feel this room. Everything that's dead. Oh, everything that's dead comes to life when you feel this room. God, feel this room. My chains are broken. Oh, chains will break and demons will run. You feel this room, God. Feel this room. Oh, every life can be restored with you. Feel the room. God, feel this room. Oh angels are at every ring. Hallelujah. When you feel this room, God fill this room. Let our hearts be empty space. Oh wow. In this place every heart you are [Music] transformed [Applause] glory let our His [Music] mercy come about his face. Oh, let our praise be the empty space. will come by in this place. Don't let our praise Don't let our praise be empty space. Oh, come by in this place. When I come into his presence, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship me. Oh, I [Music] worship [Music] him. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship me. Oh, I worship him. Oh, what he's done for me. He redeemed and he set me free. And because oh just because he's gone when I come into his presence I humble myself remembering what he's all the victories he's won. So I pray [Music] him. Oh, I praise him when I come into his presence. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. Oh, remembering what is the victory he's won. So I pray each [Music] Oh, I praise you. Oh, what he's done for me, he redeemed. [Music] And he said, "Set me free." And just [Applause] behold, he's come. Let's sing it one more time for what he's done. for what is done for [Music] me. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Because [Applause] [Music] [Applause] just all the saints and angels [Music] They bow before your throne. All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and see you're worthy of it all. Oh, you're worthy of it all. [Music] Oh, for from you are all things and to all things and you deserve the glory exalted. Oh, we exalt all thee. We exalt [Music] thee. We exalt thee. [Music] Oh [Music] Lord, we exalt thee. [Music] We exalt thee. Oh Lord. Oh hell king Jesus. [Music] All [Music] hell you will. Oh king of kings, lord of lords. over strong and throughout [Music] eternity I'm going to [Music] pray and forever. Oh, I will reign with him. Oh, hell king Jesus. Oh, hell. King [Music] Jesus. Oh, hell. He made you well. King of kings, Lord of lords, over a morning star. [Music] Throughout eternity, I'm going to praise you and forever more. [Music] It's the [Music] old ship of [Music] Zion. It's the home for the lost and dying. It's a [Music] soul saving station. [Music] It's the time of [Music] salvation. It's the church triumphant, oh Lord. And it's built by the hand of the Lord. Well, I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. It's built on a rock. Got a firm foundation. It's been through the flood. It's been through the fire. But one of these days, the church is going to move up a little higher. It's the church. Cry of your heart, oh Lord. And it's been by the hand of the Lord. It's been through the storm, but the wind could turn it. It's been in the fire, but the fire could turn it. It fell to the lions, but the lions could lead it. Oh my [Music] god. It's the church. Try all along and it's real by the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. He's built on the rock. Got a firm foundation. It's been through the flood. It's been through the fire. But one of these days, the church is going to move up a little higher. It's the church. Try an old Lord in his will on the hand of the Lord. I'm talking about I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. It's built on a rock. She's got a firm foundation. It's been through the flood. It's been through the fire. But one of these days, the church is going to move up a little higher. is the church. Try old Lord and it's real hand of the Lord. Well, it's been on the rock. Well, that rock is the church of the living God. and the gates of hell shall not prevail. It's the church of the living God. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. It's built on rock. She's got a firm foundation. He's been through the road. He's been through the fire one of these days. The church is going to be higher reach the church on Lord and is by the hand of Lord. Well, it's been on the rock. Well, that solid rock over the church of the living God and the gates of hell shall not prevail. It's the church of the living God. I'm talking about the church in the book of Revelation. He's built on a rock. Got a firm foundation. He's been through. He's been through the fire these days. The church is going to higher. It's the church. Triumph, oh Lord, and [Music] his hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand. Clap of praise today. Aren't you thankful? You're built on a rock. The rock that took your place. Amen. Give the Lord another hand clap of praise. That was wonderful brother. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. We we so thank you for being here in the house of the Lord with us today. We just want to say God richly bless you and may he ever be before you and behind you and beside you. Amen. Until we meet again, we just want to say God bless you. Be remembering the meetings coming up. Be remember brother Matthew and brother William here next weekend. Brother Ron in Louisiana and Ourel in New Zealand. We just ask that you just uh we'll be remembering you. Easter's not just next Sunday. Easter's every day. That's right. What a resurrection that we're a part of. Amen. Why don't you turn to your neighbor, shake their hand, greet them in the name of the Lord, and say, "God bless you as you're dismissed today. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the songs of our king rise among us. Let it rise. [Music] How are you? Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] down. Thank you. [Music]
