################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - "God Is My Strength" - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 18th, 2025 - Ron Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   "God Is My Strength" - Bro. Ron Spencer on May 18th, 2025
Speaker: Ron Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rcEaNdGhlfs
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] You know, [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about hold time. Well, I can't see my part standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness. I think I'm ready for the living. Lord, I've never been [Music] misle [Music] anymore. Oh, this lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings flying. Lord, I've never heard from this whole thing before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about home time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. The summer in the wilderness. I think I'm ready for belie. Lord, I've never been this whole sing. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about hold time. My father is standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for you to leave us. Lord, I never sing. Amen. Give the Lord praise this morning. It's good to be in the house of the Lord to worship him, serve him, and praise him. Amen. Amazing grace, my chains are gone. Aren't you so thankful that you can say that this morning? Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound. That's a rich like we once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind but now I see was grace which was grace that taught my heart to me and grace my peace [Music] Oh, how preious thy grace appear. Oh, the hour. Oh, life burst. My chains are gone. My chains are gone. [Music] All just sing him this morning. [Music] I can fly his mercy [Music] raise uns Amazing grace. Oh. Oh. The [Music] Lord has [Music] promised to me. Oh, his word my secure. Oh, he will my shield and pure me. As long as [Music] I change upon I been set free. Oh my God, my savior who has ransome his mercy reigns. Oh, it's a name. Oh, my chains are gone. And my chains are [Music] gone. Oh, I've been set free. Oh my God, my savior who has ransomed me. Oh hell like a flood for his mercy rant in love. It's amazing grace. Amen. Aren't you glad that you can say that this morning? That my chains are gone. And anything that held me bound, they're freed this morning. Let's sing the song. How can I keep from singing your praise? D, it's good to hear back. There is an endless song echoing my soul. All I hear the music bring. And though the storms may come, I am holding on. Oh, to the rock. Oh, I glean. [Music] How can I keep from singing your praise? How could I ever say love? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I'm loved by the king and embrace my heart. What you see? I will lift my eyes. I will lift my eyes in the darkest night. For I know my [Music] stable and I will walk with you know we will see [Music] through the songs you hear. How can I keep from singing your [Music] praise? How could I ever sing? How amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know I love my king and he makes my heart what you [Music] see. I can see in the trouble times we'll see when I win. I can see when I lose my step and fall down again. I can see cuz you pick me up. Oh, cuz you're there. I can see cuz you hear me, Lord. When I called you in prayer, I can see him with my last breath. Oh, seeing for I know that I'll see him with the angels in the saints around your throne. How can I keep them sing? Oh, how can you just keep on singing your praise this morning? Ever sing God, how amazing is your love? How can I keep from shouting your name? I know my love of the king and it makes my heart want to [Music] sing. Amen. Don't make you just want to praise him this morning. Let's sing a song. I feel like praising praising him. Amen. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, I feel like praising praising him, singing him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising him. Oh, I praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Well, if you don't want to praise him, don't hinder me. Well, if you don't want to praise him, don't hinder me. See how praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Oh, praise the Lord. Don't hinder me. I feel like praising. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. [Music] Oh, I feel like praising praising [Music] him. Oh, praise him all day long. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Let's worship him. Oh, I feel like worshiping worshiping him. Oh, I feel like worshiping worshiping him. Oh, let's worship in the morning. Worship all day long. Oh, I feel like worshiping worshiping. Well, if you don't want to praise the Lord, don't hinder me. Oh, if you don't want to praise the Lord, don't hinder me. See, I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Well, if you don't want to praise him, don't hinder me. Amen. Just give him praise in the house of the Lord this morning cuz he's worthy of all praise, isn't he? Amen. Glory to his name. Let's go to the prayer requests this morning. Want to continue to remember all of our elderly, the ones that has to stream in by the way of internet. I want to just pray for them that God would just continue to touch their body and strengthen them. Please keep Brother Clarence and Sister Betty Morris in your prayer. They need a touch from the Lord. Thank you, Sister Cindy Morris. Dear church family, please pray for these people with with cancer, my cousin Scotty Arnold, my friend Elena Kesler. Please pray for me Monday when I have a medical procedure. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. Amen. Just be remembering her there in that. Please pray for my friend Blair. She fell and broke her arm. love Adaniah. Just want to just pray for sister Adaniah's friend there that God would just touch her. Amen. I just loved reading that little prayer request there that she had written. Praying for a friend there. So tenderhearted there. Amen. Please remember my uncle Roby Turner. He is sister Phyllis and brother Marcus Turner's brother. He had a stroke a couple weeks ago and is very weak but better. He will be going into rehab for a couple weeks and we are just praying for a quick recovery. Thank you, Sister Don. Amen. Just be remembering brother Roby Turner there, their brother, brother Marcus, Sister Phyllis's brother, that God would just touch him through that. Want to continue to remember our pastor this morning. Uh he's here in the house of the Lord. He's going to try to speak for us this morning. So, we want to pray that God will strengthen him and touch him in his body. Want to continue to lift up Sister Donna Ber to brother Tom Ber's wife there in Kentucky as well as uh Sister Terresa Delaney. Uh she will be having surgery on June the 9th at UVA. Uh then brother Bill Delaney will have procedure for a heart ahib on May the 20th this week. Just want to remember them and that procedures there. Want to continue lift up sister Lorie Snow there in Seattle that had that heart aneurysm. I feel like I'm missing something this morning, but we know the Lord knows each and everything. I want to pray for brother Matt Mccclard, brother Andrew, and them as they'll be traveling back uh today and then tomorrow as well that God would just protect them and bless their services there as well this morning. How many would have a need upon your heart? Say, Lord, just pass by my way. Amen. We know our God can just move on every situation. Don't we? I'm ask brother William just come pray over these needs for us. Amen. Let's go to our father in prayer. Dear Lord Jesus, we just bow humbly before you in prayer this day. Lord, we thank you for the air that we breathe, Lord, and that we can come into the house of God one more time. Lord, may we never take services like this for granted, Lord, in moments in your presence. Lord, we thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ that cleanses us from all sin. Lord, we just want to humble ourselves before you this morning, Lord, and ask if there's anything in our lives, Lord, that just doesn't please you, that you come and just take it away, Lord, by the preaching of the word and by your spirit, Lord. Lord, we want to tell you that we love the word, Lord. Lord, sometimes correction can be uncomfortable, but Lord, we want it all. We want every aspect of the word, Father. We just ask Lord that as a word goes forth Lord may we just examine ourselves and see where we fall short and just to be honest enough with ourselves to say Lord I need your help right there. I need to draw closer to you Lord. I need to start doing more of this. I need to stop doing this. Give us the grace Lord to just humble ourselves Lord to the authority of your word. Lord, we lift up every request to you even now, Lord. And you know each and every need, Lord, and every life, Lord, that's beneath that hand. Lord, you're not too busy, Lord, to just take time with each and every life, oh Lord God, and each and every care and concern that we have, Lord. Lord, your your uh Peter said in the scripture, Lord, he said that cast all your burdens on you for you care for us. And Lord, we just love you with all of our hearts, Lord. We just want to make special mention, Lord, of Brother Bill, Lord, and Sister Teresa, Lord, that you please be with them, Lord, and strengthen their faith, Lord, and help them, Lord, as they go to their respective appointments, Lord. Lord, we also lift up Sister Deborah, Lord, Sister Deborah Watson, pray that you bless her and comfort her, oh God, we ask. And Lord, as your servant, Lord, our precious brother Ron stands and ministers the word this morning. Just pray, oh God, you know what he's been through this week, Lord, he know every intricate detail. And Lord, one day all things will be made right and all this will be over. But Lord, until then, we just pray that you strengthen your servant one more time. Bless them and help them. We pray, Father. We'll give you all the praise, honor, and glory. Bless your people and bless those that will be here in the service on the internet. Go by the airwaves, Lord, and just meet each and every need there as well. No doubt hands went up, Lord, and living rooms and different places where people can't come and they're streaming in. We pray you have your way now with this service. In Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask all these things. Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this morning's offering. You give as God's blessed you. We have brotherh Marcus come prepare to come sing for us this morning. Maybe as we're receiving this morning's offering, we'll sing a song. You ask me why I'm happy. So, I'll just tell you why my sins are gone. Aren't you glad of that? Then after brother Marcus, we have Sister Melissa. Will you ask me why I'm happy? Oh, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, well, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. as far removed as darkness is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. It was at the old time altar where God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. Well, the Lord took full possession. Well, the devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are gone. Where they at? Well, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from God in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan comes to tempt me and tries to make me down, will I say my sins are [Music] gone? Well, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. Well, I'm glad my sins are gone. Sing it with me. Well, they're underneath the blood of the cross of Calvary. And as far removed as darkness, it's from God. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, it's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are [Music] gone. Amen. And aren't you glad that you can say that this morning? All my sins are gone. Amen. You can be seated, Marcus. Sorry, I'm stumbling. I had a mishap last night. I was trying to act young. [Music] Empty and broken, I came back to him, a vessel unworthy, so scarred with sin. But he did not despair. He started over again. Oh, and I bless the day he didn't throw the clay away. Oh, over and over. He molds me and he makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay. All a vessel of honor I am today. All because Jesus didn't throw the clay [Music] away. Oh, he is the potter and I am the clay molded in his image. He wants me to stay. But when I stumble and I fall and my vessel breaks, he does just picks up all the pieces. He doesn't throw the clay away over and over. He molds me and he makes me into his image. Oh, a vessel of honor I am today. All because Jesus, he didn't throw the clay away. He is the potter. Oh, and I am the clay molded in God's image where he wants me to stay. When my vessel, when I stumble and fall, my vessel it breaks. He just picks up those pieces. He didn't throw the clay away all over and over. He molds me and he makes me all into his likeness. He fashions the clay all the vessel of honor I am today. [Music] All because Jesus didn't throw the clay [Music] away. And when I'm tossed on life's sea and the waves covered me, well, in the dark clouds, they won't let the sun shine through. more than a voice it seems to sing. Child, there be a brighter day. Don't allow the storm to hide sweet heaven's view. Well, you've got one more trial and one more tear. Oh, maybe one more trial and one more tear. Oh, one more curve in life's road. Maybe one more mile to go. And you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Well, don't let Satan see your tears. Learn to smile through your fears. Hold your head up high and just give the world a smile. Oh, you must be faithful all the way. It's going to be worth it all someday. For it's all going to be over after a while. Well, and you've got one more trial and one more fear. Oh, maybe one more trial for one more tear. Oh, and one more curve in life's road. Just maybe one more mile to go. And you can lay down your heavy load. And you can lay down your heavy load. You can lay down your heavy load when you get home. [Applause] Don't chase basketballs after your kids. God bless you. [Music] Standing in the middle of a red cage with nothing left. There's no way of knowing what comes [Music] next. You're crying out for answers cuz you never guessed that you would be here that it would look like [Music] this. You are trying to hold it all together with your own two [Music] hands. But he is telling you to let it go and let him in. You don't see it, but you're right in the middle of a miracle. You can't be it, but under your feet, new roots are taken home. Don't forget that with God all things are possible. Doesn't matter if it's broken or just ashes, there's hope. You're right in the middle of a [Music] mirror. Before prison chains ever broke, there was a captive. Before 5,000 with there was just one basket. If there was ever going to be light, there had to be darkness. Before there was ever an empty tomb, there was a quote, but you're right in the middle of a mirror. You can't feel it, but under your feet, new roots are taking hold. Don't forget that with God, all things are possible. Doesn't matter if it's broken or just ashes, there's hope. You're right in the middle of a mirror. [Music] You have a future cuz he has a plan, a promise he's got you. You're still in his hands. You have a future cuz he has a plan. I promise he's got you. You're still in his hand. You don't see it, but you're right in the middle of a mir. You can't feel it, but under your feet, your roots are taken hold. Don't forget that with God all things are possible. Doesn't matter if it's broken or just dashes their soul. Right in the middle of Americ [Music] [Applause] Miracle. Amen. Let's stand this morning. Let the worshippers arise. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. So, let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my praise. This is my belief. And father I see that you are drawing a light in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let me leading me. sees my [Applause] brace my let the worry. Oh yeah. Let the sons and daughters [Music] seeing my own surrender to the king. Let the worshippers [Music] around. Let the worippers around. Oh, just worship him this morning. Let the sons and daughters see. Oh yes. Oh, I surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the [Music] king and bothered by hearing growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeemed as a saint so great a nation. Oh, I awakening to sing. For my march that comes a man thought. Oh hear the praises ring the season song. A song to our king. Let the worippers arise. Oh yes. Sing it to him this morning. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, just surrender your life to him. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. Oh, yeah. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers [Music] arrive. Let the worippers arrive. [Music] Let the sons take the [Music] daughters. Oh yeah. Oh, I surrender my [Music] own. Oh yeah. Oh, I surren. Oh, let's sing that one more time. Let the worshippers arise. Sing it with all your hearts this morning. Let the worippers arise. [Applause] Oh [Music] yeah. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. That's quite a surrender when we surrender to the king, isn't it? Amen. God bless you. We sure enjoyed Brother Matt last night. And Sister Nancy gave her a vote of approval last night after service. And so, uh, I called Matthew this morning and we were talking about it. Matthew made up a t-shirt that said favorite grandson. So, Amen. Amen. It was just a joke, but uh, Amen. We're We so enjoyed last night and Amen. Amen. I enjoyed it laying laying on the on the deck of my house because it was the only thing that wasn't moving for me. And so I just laid down on that thing and and so I'm glad to be here this morning. I'm just glad to be here. And so that's all I can say. Amen. The last couple days I was a was a bad time in my life where I would get drunk, but I drank things that was shouldn't have put in my body, but the last few days I've been the drunkest I've ever been. And so I'm just glad things are settling down just a little bit. Hey, and I haven't put nothing in my body to do that either. I better put that there. And so we sure love you with all of our hearts, each and every one of you. And so glad to have you in the house of the Lord. And one of these days we'll never part. And amen, not be in these sick bodies. And Amen. A body of humiliation. And so, amen. I I want to read you some scripture this morning and then I want to have some prayer. Amen. If you will turn with me to Matthew chapter 5 and verse two. I so love each and every one of you. If the devil liver tells you that I don't love you, boy, he's a big fat liar. Amen. I don't know whether he's fat or not, but he's a big big liar. So, Amen. I hope we starve him to death. And so, Amen. Amen. I caught it when I said it. So, Amen. Amen. I want to preach God is my strength this morning. Amen. Amen. Matthew chapter 5 and verse two. And this is Jesus's words if you have a read letter edition. And he opened his mouth and taught them saying, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven. For so persecuted they the prophets which were before you. You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt has lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under the foot of men. Ye are the light of the world, a city that is set on a hill, and cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle, and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your father, which is in heaven. I want to for all of us to read this together in verse 13 down to verse 16. Ye are the salt of the earth, but if the salt hath lost its savior, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenforth good for nothing, but to be cast out to be trotten under the foot of men. You are the light of the world, a city that is set on a hill and cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. You your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. How many has a need this morning? You just like to say, Lord, would you remember me today? Let's just pray. Father, we love you today and we thank you for your goodness and your mercy in our lives. We're thankful for what you have done, are doing, and going to do. Lord, you see each and every one of our hands. I think we could all put our hands up and say, "God, I need you." I ask you that whether it's fear your whether it's physical, spiritual, whatever the need is, Father, we all need more of you. And I ask you today that you would help us to commit more of our lives to you. And Lord, we all need more of the Holy Spirit in our lives. And I pray that you would come and fill our cup in such a great way. Come and touch our lives today. Anoint this speaker. Lord, I I need a touch in body and I need a touch from you. And Lord, touch our our lives today. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. You may be seated. Today I want to I want to pray for sister Wanda and if and she has a condition in her body that's that has that's touched her and and I want I want her whole family to come and and uh her whole family if you will come and and they have found a a couple of growths in her body and there's markers that said it could be cancer. She said, "I'm not accepting it." Amen. And uh we don't accept the enemy's answer. And so, Amen. Amen. And so, we're just thankful. I was sharing with your husband that the other day when we ate dinner together, uh that I I felt this on you and I shared it with Sister Connie and then I made a note of it. I thought at first it was Randy. And that's what I thought because he's fought it. But I kept I kept praying about it and here we are. So God knew has known about it for quite a while and he knows about every trial that we go through. And I just want to say this to each and every one of you as family like Sister Connie and my children. Now you have a responsibility now to be cheerleaders. Amen. Your cheerleaders. If you've never prayed like you're getting ready to go into prayer, it's your turn. And so, you know, we pray about other people that has cancer and it doesn't seem to affect us until it hits our family. And so, God's greater than cancer. He's greater than cancer. And so, we believe and we we're praying no cancer. That's what we're praying is no cancer. But they're going to take these growths out. One is the size. I hear that one's the size of a grapefruit or a cantaloupe and amen. I remember when Sister Connie had a football and uh it was no cancer. And so we're just believing. We're believing with all of our hearts. And the scripture tells us, "Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." And that's what we do today. We're exercising our faith in the word of God. And we believe it. Amen. She's going to be all right. Amen. Amen. Father, it's in the name of Jesus Christ, we ask you now that you would come and touch Sister Wanda. Lord, we have prayed privately for these things, but today we pray as an audience that you would come and touch her right now. Now I thank you for doctors and teams of doctors and nurses. I thank you for the medicine that you give now and have allowed to to help us. You do that to help humanity. But Lord, we lay hands on the sick and the scripture says when we lay hands on the sick, there's a light that it's transferred. And I pray that you would touch Sister Wanda today in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray to heal her body in the name of Jesus Christ. This is a report that we believe and we pray that you'd help this family. Give them courage in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to win. We're going to win. Both of us are going to win. We're going to win. He's a booger, but we're going to win. Amen. I love you. I love you. You're a tiger. I love you. I love you. I love you. Amen. Amen. Sister Rochelle and Brother Paul, I want you to come. I don't know if you're still keeping things private or secret, but I felt led praying for you for for three weeks, and you've been dodging Is it is it still private? Can I announce it? Okay. I'm still want to pray for you. Her her. It's a miracle. for these things. We have prayed. How long you guys been here? Five years. And we prayed for this miracle. The reason I want to pray for you is that you can carry all. That's why I want to pray. That's why we pray. Dear God, as an audience, we pray for sister Jerusalem and brother Paul. And God, I'm asking you to help them. We pray for this miracle for five years. And now the miracle is coming. And I ask you that you'd watch over in all the details. Help her now in the name of Jesus Christ I pray. Lord, we believe your word. Breathe the breath of life. Help them. In the name of Jesus Christ, I ask you. Amen. And amen. I love you. I love you with all my heart. I love you. Amen. We won't tell. Amen. Amen. You don't need discernment, do you? Amen. Brother Bill and Sister Teresa, I'm sorry if I'm taking a few minutes here, but it's important to them. Amen. If you will come. He's getting ready to have his heart shocked, and Sister Teresa is getting ready for an operation. When is that due, Sister Connie? June the 9th. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Neuropathy. Neuropathy. Is that right? It's bad today. You've got you've got champions in this room that are pulling with you. Amen. And I know Sister Charlene's one of them. Is that right? You have another that's with you. Sister Conniey's one. Now, Sister Connie, you're quite a warrior. Sister Charlene, would you come? You've been helping her take her to the hospital. And Amen. Do I have one more sister that would come and say, "I'll be on her team." Well, give me two. Give me three. Amen. I'll be on her team. That's right. We need one another. That's right. We absolutely need one another. Before we pray, you think you're fighting this alone? I I want you to just turn around and look at all these girls. Don't that make you feel good? I got a great one. Well, you got me, too. Father, it's in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan has tried to make a blow against my sister. He's trying to cause cancer to take her life. But I rebuke that enemy. I stand here again today and rebuke the enemy that has come to touch her. Now, Father, we stand here together to let her know we're not alone. Hallelujah. I thank you for the team that I have around me. And I want her to know you dealt with me this morning to have a team to come and pray with her. And I ask you, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, do we gather our prayers? Father, one to put a flight of thousand, two 10,000. Dear God, a three skull, threefold score uh cord is greater than an individual, just one. Now we bind together and believe your word. Satan, take your leave now. Father, doctors can do what they do and we thank you for them and nurses and the medicine. But I ask you in the name of Jesus Christ that you do a work this morning. And Lord, we stand. and she has neuropoly problems and I pray that you would touch her this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother Bill has come today and Lord God you brought her him through a severe situation with his heart Lord as they go to put it back into order. We ask you that you would just go and be with him dear God. Lord, we pray that you would touch him, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen and amen and amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. We're on the same team. Amen. Amen. I didn't see her. All right. Amen. Amen. Amen. You guys stand here. We'll pray. We got more to do. Sister Seilla King, I I didn't see you. You were sitting behind Mary. Amen. She had appendix surgery. Emergency surgery. Amen. You girls don't take off here. We got we got work to do. Amen. Amen. I love you. Do you know what God just brought you through? I want you to go home and I want you to I want you to do something. I want you to look up how many of the most powerful people in the world has died from what you just had. Come on. And God just brought you through it. And I want you to tell the devil, boo. And if the devil ever tells you he's not on your side, I want you to remember what you just went through this week. And we went to prayer when you when you begin to have problems. We went to prayer and I looked up the people that died from it this week. And that's why I'm telling you, and I said, "God, you're going to bring that little girl through this situation and it's going to be a phenomenal miracle." Amen. Amen. God bless you. Father, you have brought a miracle on Sister Seilla this week. And I want to thank you for it. And Lord, as she is recovering, I pray that you will touch her body and give her strength to be a wife and a mother. And Lord, as she looks back on these moments and you she reminds you, God, you have been with me, as I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I pray that you will touch her body, minister to her, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen and amen and amen. Amen. We sure love you. We sure love you. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. This is some of the benefits of coming. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Give the Lord a great big hand. Amen. We as an audience just exercise faith. Amen. right in front of the devil's whipping post. And Amen. We just told him, "God's greater." Amen. Amen. I went to bed with that saying, "I'm going to wake up in the morning and and not be so drunk." And Amen. And I'm somewhat in that situation. So God's greater. Brother Brandham would say, "God calls the conference. You know, he calls a conference with with his people. And when he calls a conference, he don't just call a conference just to play a game. He's always got a something on his mind. And you may think that not much is going on in the world, but since since the last time that I spoke, we have an American pope. Amen. And that that quote laid dormant for all of those years, about 60 years, that quote laid dormant. And and they, you know, I've heard all the skeptics say, "Well, that's never happened." and the transistors of popes, they have went and come and gone. And but we can now say that that prophecy is now fulfilled. And that pope just didn't come to be a pope just to for that quote to be fulfilled. But now he is calling for unity all over the world. And if you'll notice, he's calling for all the churches to come home. That's right. And that within itself is a powerful thing because we realize of her position on the earth. Our president, no matter what you thought of him or do think of him, just visited Abraham's children. That's right. You said you Abraham had more than Isaac. And when God as Melzdc was sitting and talking to Abraham, he said, "I'm going to bless your seed." And if you remember that was blessing was not just for Isaac, but was for all of his seed. And I marvel that the richest people on the earth is Abraham's seat. And so when our president goes to goes to Abraham's seed this week, he marvels at their great marble and their great palaces and now his plane. Come on. You know, he wants to do business with them. And you think, well, that's just something political. No, that's that's scriptural cuz now we're transitioning. We're transitioning into a tribulation prophecies. We're watching a pope and we're watching America play her part. But greater than all of that, if all of that is going on, if all of that is going on, and let me just stop. I missed one line. Russia is planning to launch a an international ballistic missile this week. Let me just say, none of that could go on except the bride be ready. Lord, are you with me? You see Abraham in this natural seed, whether they live up to a hundred years living in those palaces like they are, time will run out for them. The marbles will run out for them. And all of the servants, it'll all be over. But I'm preaching to the most powerful people on the earth. what they're living in won't make me a good dog house. [Applause] For where we're going. Hallelujah. Now, you may be a little bit uncomfortable down here in this world, but I want you to know you're going to a place whose builder and maker is God. But while you're here, you're the most powerful people on the earth. Amen. Moms, you're the most powerful people on the earth. That's right. Dads, you're the most powerful people on the earth. Amen. Amen. Young in college, young in high schools, middle schools, whatever school that you're in, you're the most powerful people on the earth. When you bow your knees to pray, you're not praying to a dead statue. You're not counting rosary beads, but you're talking to a God that hears every prayer with every word that you pray. The most supernatural thing about you is your tongue. The scripture says in Proverbs chapter 18 and verse 21, "Death and life are in the power of your tongue, and they that love it shall eat the fruit thereof." James 3 6. And the tongue is a fire, a world of iniquity. And so is the tongue among among our members, that it defileth the whole body, and setth on fire the course of nature. And it is set on the fire of hell. And every kind of beast, and of birds, and of serpents, and of things of the sea, is tamed. and hath been tamed of mankind. But the tongue can no man tame. It is an unruly and evil full of deadly poison. We've been Christians for decades now and still your tongue can cause you problems. You can live 24 hours a day, live with your beautiful queen, enjoy your perfect children. Amen. and in five minutes destroy the day. And you go, Satan, you used my tongue. Most of us here have so seven openings in your head. Amen. Two ears, two eyes, two nostrils, one tongue. Amen. Aren't you thankful that you just got one? Amen. Now, in Revelations 10 and verse 8, we're told to eat the book, and then we're told to prophesy again. We're told to speak it again. We're told to live the message. God just didn't send a message to us to where we could be brains with the mind of God. But now the message is to be lived. It's nice to put up pictures on a wall, hang eagles, whatever we do. Wear a bracelet or whatever you wear that that tells of the message of the hour. But this message is to be lived. It's to be lived. And and being the most powerful people in the earth, it's a lived word. And sometimes being a live word, say something. I would rather somebody live me a sermon than to try to preach me a sermon when it don't live. [Applause] I was reminded of being at a funeral only about uh maybe a couple years ago. the children, one of the children of that that young man walked up to me and and said, "I don't know if my daddy was a Christian." They went to service every time the doors were open. And he said, "I don't know if my daddy was a Christian." And I asked the question. And I said, "How do you don't know that y'all went to church every time the doors were open?" He's a teenage boy. He said, "I never saw my daddy pray." I'll be honest with you, I was taken back. I didn't know what to say. And then he made a statement. He said, "I never saw my father read the Bible. I want that to land." Amen. Come on. I want that to land. My father told me and one of the things that brother Biscoll told me he said we read our Bible in front of our family so that they may see this is something that is important in our home he said I know you'll read it privately and you'll study privately he said but our children needs to see us that it makes an impression. The most important thing we do is to read our Bibles and and pray in our homes. I went to a heart doctor just only what a month ago. He's a good doctor. He's taking care of brother Homer, Sister Nancy Thomas Harold, and he's he's our heart doctor of our family and he he's just a wonderful man. And so after I had a heart attack and they put three stints in me and one was in the widow maker. Yeah, it hurt. It really hurt really bad. I'd been at a I'd been at a how would I say it? I'd been at a ball game with Randy and Wanda and Matthew and them. And you said, "Well, Brother Ron, I I I didn't know as Christians we went to ball games. I went to watch you play." And you said, "Well, is there a quote?" Well, Brother Brandham told some boys, he said, "While you're in town, go over to Louisville and watch them boys play." Amen. And so, so anyway, that evening I would have a heart attack. They take me to the thing and I told Sister Connie, I said, "I'll go to the hospital tomorrow after I walk on I get my walking done on my treadmill." Well, had I went to my plans, I wouldn't be pastoring here today. Amen. you know, I I needed to go to the hospital because I had a massive heart attack that evening. And so and so I I went there and and one of the doctors told me said, "Do you want to kiss your wife goodbye before you before you go down this hall?" Said, "I I saw you peck her on the cheek, but you know what you got going on? You pro you may not live to come back down the hall." And I said, "Oh, I'm going to live. Yeah. And so I went to the doctor, I think about 30 days after it was Dr. Luna. I may shouldn't call their names, but I I do. And so anyway, Dr. Luna told me, he said, he said, "I I want you to go I want you to go through therapy. I want you to go through therapy, you know, the next the next six months." And I said, "Well, what does therapy do?" And he said, 'We train you to walk on a treadmill. I said, 'Well, I walk on a treadmill every day.' And he said, 'Well, he said, 'We got to train you to see if you're doing good.' And he said, uh, I said, 'Well, how long do they walk?' And he said, well, we'll get you up to 30 minutes. And I said, I already walk an hour. Come on. And he said, well, I I would like for you to do it. And I said, "Well, let me ask you. If I drive an hour for somebody to watch me walk on a treadmill for 30 minutes, and then I drive a hour back home, I'm wasting two hours for you to watch me walk 30 minutes. And if I make you a promise that I'll walk an hour and not waste two hours. Does any of this make sense? What does that do? What What's that have to do with anything? Read your Bible and pray. [Applause] So, I went to see him a few weeks ago and we were talking and he said, "Well, how are you doing?" I said, "Well, I'm walking an hour a day." Really? And he said, "Well, are you really doing that?" I said, "Yeah." Thomas stopped the other day and we talked for a few minutes and I was on my three-mile walk and uh he said, "Are you really doing that?" And I said, "You told me to do it." He said, "Nobody listens to me when I tell them to do it." He said, "Wow, you're committed to do it." Oh, yeah. I said, "You told me. You told me to do it." He said, "Yeah, but nobody listens." He said, "Congratulations. You listen to me." I said, "Well, you told me and I took you at your word. You told me to take medicine and I taken the medicine. You told me to walk. I do the walking. Amen. I have just lured you into a trap. I tell you to read your Bible and pray. [Music] Church don't start here. You want a strong church, it starts at home. Amen. It starts with your children watching you pray. It starts with your children listening to you read the Bible. It starts at home. Amen. Amen. Foundation is laid. And the scripture said, "You're the salt of the earth. You're the light of the world. a city that's set on a hill. Now, notice what he says. You're not just the light of the world. And then he says, "Let your light shine." Amen. Before men that they may see your good works, there's something different about that God. There's something different about you. I got on a plane. It's about a six-hour flight. They came on the on the speaker said, "We're we're going to have incredible turbulence today." The lady walked past me and she said, "Preacher," she said, "Would you pray?" I said, "Sure." She said, 'It's going to be a bad flight. Would you pray? The man in front of me was a preacher. And I told her, I said, "The man up here is a preacher. I can see you studying for a sermon." And she whispered in my ear, she said, "Some preachers are real. [Applause] That's an incredible testimony. Not just for me. Are you with me? Whether you work in radiology, no matter where you work at, I want you to be real. Amen. Amen. Real. Amen. Amen. Romans chapter 10 and verse 13. For whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be saved. And then how then shall we call on him whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in him of whom they shall not have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and glad tidings of good things. Oh yeah. Let me just say this is the best thing that you can heal. Are you with me now? In Mark chapter 16 and verse 15, go ye into all the world. This is Jesus's last words in the four gospels. It's going to have some words in Acts chapter 1. Ye go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every preacher. And he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. And he that believeth not shall be damned. It It's just real simple. I want to be identified as a believer. Now notice this next words. And these signs shall follow them that believe. Not the signs out front, not the miracles out front, but the miracles are going to follow your life. Amen. And these signs shall follow them that believe. Notice these words. In my name shall they cast out devils, and they shall speak with new tongues, and they shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing, they shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick, and they shall recover. That's right. Amen. Mark 16 and verse 19. And then after the Lord had spoken unto them, he was received up into heaven and sat on the right hand of God. So then after the Lord had spoken that to them and was received up into heaven and sat on the right hand of God. That computer must have said, I want you to read that twice. Verse 20. And they went forth and preached everywhere. Now notice this is action. They just didn't hear it. But now it's action. and they went forth and preached everywhere. That's what Andrew is doing this weekend. Amen. And and and the Lord working with them and confirming the word with signs following and even God amens. Amen. Luke chap 10 and verse 19. This is Jesus's word. Behold, I give unto you power which is not just dunamis. It's authority. I give unto you power to tread upon serpents. You heard Andrew preach a couple of weeks ago, the devil's under your feet. Then then Timothy came and said, even if you're the skin on the bottom of your feet, you still are over the devil. I give you power to tread upon serpents and scorpions and over the power of the enemy and nothing shall by any means hurt you. Amen. I want you to I want you to just look at your Bible just now. Is there a time date stamp? in any of your Bibles. Does that mean that this scripture expires? So, it's good in Paul's day. It's good in Irene's day. It's good in Martin's day and Luther's day and John Wesley's day. Amen. And you say, "Well, Brother Ron, over 6 million Christians gave their life. 68 million Christians gave their life. 6 million Jews gave their life. What a horrible way to go. You're not reading it right. They didn't die in defeat. Are you with me?" Amen. Listen, death for a Christian is not defeat. We die in faith. I preached 19 funerals here the first year I was here. They didn't die in defeat. Death is an Uber. Amen. For those that are uses older, death is a toxic catap. Some of you haven't known me long. When I was a young meat cutter, somewhere around 21, 22 years old, me and Connie got married, you know, people would scream out, "What's the taxis number?" I was a young Christian and I knew Hubert Horn's funeral homes number by heart and I would give them a Hubert Horns funeral home's number and they would tell me you gave me a funeral home's number. It's a taxi. You got to be specific. What kind of tax do you want to go on? You want one that's yellow or do you want one that's maybe I better move on. So that just gives you proof. Don't ask brother Ron for a taxi number. Not with Notwithstanding in this rejoice. Rejoice not that spirits are subject unto you, but rather rejoice. This is powerful because your names are written in heaven. What does that have to do with the first words that you read about the tongue? You see, you're going to need some some ranks. Amen. And a bit for your mouth. And those that have Sister Stephanie, you guys are horse people. And I would grew up with horses. We grew up with uh what's a good word for pinto paint. Is that paint horse? We had paint horses. And they're beautiful horses. And so, you know, for to tell that horse where to go is you're going to have to have ress on him. and you you put a bit in its mouth and then you take that bit and you turn that horse the way that you want to do. And we raise cutting horses. And so you could take that cutting horse and if it was trained really well, he would stand on his back feet, especially his right foot, and you could turn him. And literally, we would be running and you could turn that horse like that. And you would be in midair with that right foot on the ground and he would turn. It was wonderful. I mean, it was wonderful. You'd be flying and that cow would turn a certain way and you could turn that horse a certain way. Your tongue needs a bit. Your tongue needs a bit and the Holy Ghost just a bit. And the inner man takes that tongue that used to have an attitude and you and you used to think I'm going to give him a piece in my mind. Keep it. You need every brain cell that you can muster up. And you need the Holy Ghost, God in your life. You could do more damage in five minutes than you can do in 10 years. Somebody ought to give the Lord a good hand right there. Joshua chapter 23 and verse 10. Now this is a powerful scripture. One man of you shall chase a thousand for the Lord your God. Brother Doug, you are a you're a historian and someday I want to I want to go with you someday and you can explain to me some of these Civil War battles. But think about the power of one man chasing a thousand. Dylan, you were a fighter. Yeah, he was. That's why you went to jail. And your daddy taught you how to fight. I'm just go ahead bring them all in. You know, you your face is red, but There's some other fighters in the room, but I want to get in that car and go home. Might have heard some stories that that two or three wasn't enough. But can you imagine a thousand Can you imagine a thousand in a battle? And they're all against you. Amen. Hey, listen. I I'm not up for that. I'll be honest with you. Physically, I'm not up for that. Spiritually, bring them on. Bring them on. Brother Ron, that's just boasting. Well, he brought his best called cancer. He brought his best called cancer. And I don't know how many demons that he brought with him. Take courage, Sister Wanda. I don't know how many demons that he brought with him, but in my physical, it's been some really bad days. But in this word of God, one will chase a thousand. [Applause] Now, you brought this sermon on. You came up and asked for prayer, a prayer request. And I stood there and I gave you some instructions. Ain't that right? Now, in your physical being, you can whip no devils. Cuz it's not a flesh and blood affair. This is a war that you're fighting against. Moms and dads, this is a war. Your children will have to fight things that you never fought. How you will win is being deeply committed. Deeply committed. This is life and death. How you will win is on your knees and taking the word of God and quoting it back to the devil. Have you ever heard of prisoners of war? We have heard it over and over again that prisoners of war that was in different prisons. Maybe when they were children, they went to church and they would memorize scriptures. John, and I'm having trouble with my memory, but he just passed away just a couple of years ago. He ran for president. John McCain. In one of his stories he told, he said, "We didn't have any books. We had nothing to read. We would have went insane. But we as prisoners begin to put scriptures together that we couldn't memorize them all by heart, but maybe we had one or two words of a certain scripture and we begin to quote that and then somebody else would remember the And he said, "Before long, we had almost a booklet that we quoted every day of scriptures. It kept them sane. It works in a prison. It works wherever you at. This word has power over the devil. I quoted scriptures on my way to to a brain surgery. I took the word of God, not knowing if I would live through it, but I took the word of God and quoted it with the most powerful thing I had, my tongue. God loves to hear his word come out of your lips. Amen. If we could say it correctly, your mouth has miracles in it. Your mouth has miracles inside of it. Psalms 118 and verse 14. We're going to read this together. I won't be much longer. Let's do some practice. The Lord is the strength of my The Lord is my strength. and my song and has become my salvation. The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in tabernacles of righteousness. The right hand of the Lord doth valiantly. This is one of my next scriptures that I absolutely love. Verse 17. Now you can see what's one of my favorite scriptures. I shall not die but live and declare the works of the Lord. For you that never have fought the enemy of disease, that is a powerful scripture. I shall not die but live. Verse 18. The Lord hath chasened me sore, but he hath not given me over to death. You've not had my funeral yet. Conniey's not looking for another man. I'm not buried up in some hill somewhere or another. So I am still here to work I am still here to defeat the devil. [Applause] Now, if I'm still here and you're still here, point your finger to your chest. The devil's in trouble cuz we got a pretty vicious team here. [Applause] Some of you drive 10 minutes. Some of you drive two hours. Some of you drive four hours. If I drove four hours in a sports car like you drove today, I'd be ready. I walked around the curb this morning and there was two sports cars and I said, "Connie, I got to get me a sports car. I must be going through the change of life." One of these days you're going to walk around that curb and go, "Woo! Brother Ron did what he said he's going to do." Conniey's shaking her head. Sister Nancy Sister Nancy is going to get one. I can get [Laughter] [Applause] in. If I don't live through this service, Luke chapter 1 and verse 37. Sometimes you just have a good time, Jay. You just You just got to have a good time. For with God, I want you to read this. For with God nothing shall be impossible. Read it with me. For with God nothing, nothing. Nothing. Now, here's what the devil will do. He knows that scripture is totally accurate. So, he will tell you you're not a Christian. He will tell you that nobody loves you. So, instead of you throwing a rock at the devil, he'll get you to throw rocks at each other. Amen. Hey, I'm preaching. The devil wins when you're throwing rocks at each other. Are you with me? Now, it's easy to throw a rock at me. I'm 5 foot five, weigh 172 pounds. That's what it was this morning. It's easy to hit me. I'm standing up here. I'm the one trying to help you. It's easy to talk about the doctor or the nurse or somebody that gave you a shot, but they're doing their best for you. It's easy to talk about me. The devil throws a rock at me cuz I'm trying to help you. The devil will try to cut you out of church. Amen. It's what's kept your life straight. It's what's helped you. It's helped you build a family. People say, "Well, I'm quitting going to church." You don't quit going to Walmart. Have you looked at the people that go to Walmart? They're not trying to help you. They're just shopping with you. We are a team. [Applause] We're on your team. We're on your team. Brother Ron, why did you have all those people to come up? I didn't do that for a show. Amen. We're on a team together. That's right. Amen. And want to put a flight a thousand and two 10,000. How many was there? 15 people. We're a team. Brother Melvin, you didn't come here just to get a good church. But there's a team with you. The guy you're sitting with, Brother Jordan, he's been here probably 5 years longer than you have, maybe longer than that, but he knows what a team that we've got here. Thank you, Lord. This is more than a church community. We're the strongest people on the earth. [Applause] Brother Jordan, when I watched your children come to the altar and I prayed for you at the altar last week, it was like one of my children. Amen. Why, brother Ron, we can't go without you. Understand it's not just some individual here. We are a group of believers. Amen. We need one another. Do you get it? Turn. Just turn to your neighbor right now. Say, "We're a team and we need one another. Romans chapter 8 and verse 28. Let's go ahead and kill about 10,000 more devils and then we're going to we're going to be done. Amen. Romans 8 and verse 28. Love on my mind and can't find what I'm looking [Music] for. Some of you never get it, but the one that did get it is get it. See, I was drunk the last few days. And just say, "Brother Ron was drunk in the pull pit today." [Applause] Romans 8 and verse 28 says, "And we know that all things all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are be called according to his purpose. Amen. Understand every trial that you go through is building you and making you stronger for the next trial. You that been Christians for a while, you know this is the principle of how it happened. Amen. Brother Tom Brown said, "Brother Ron, you ought to make a list that people can see in your church all the things that you went through." So he therefore would send it if he thought I was preaching in South Carolina would send it to the pastor and said, "You need to read this before brother Ron preaches." So they would read it. Fell off a house 40T. Said he'd never walk again. Come on. Hit by lightning. Hey, I didn't like it. And so they told it in front of me preaching in Indiana and they wanted me to tell it again. So I did. Was any of you guys there? Randy, you were there. I know you were there. I'll never forget it. I told it. I told it about about getting hit by lightning and it hit the tree beside of me and then it hit me and knocked me out and when I came to it had knocked the end of my weed eater off. Amen. Well, I told that story, Brother Vernon, and outside of church was two little boys and they met me outside and said, "Did it really knock the end of your weed eater off?" That's all they got out of the story. That's all they got. They wasn't worried about the tree. They wasn't worried about brother Ron the weed eater. So if you need details, it was a shindawa. And it knocked the end of that weed eater just slick as a button. It knocked it right off. But hey, I was in the story. Now notice the scripture. All things. All things. So what did that what did that lightning strike do for me? It made me to have enough sense to get out of a storm. Amen. Sister Connie said, "You need to get those weeds cut off before brother Biscll comes to the house tomorrow." So, I put my ear muffs on. I went down and I cut all those weeds except for the ones I had left. So now I just have Adam to cut the weeds. For whom he forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. And moreover whom he did predestinate them he also called. And and whom he called them he also justified. and whom he justified, then he also glorified. This scripture is so powerful if he can get it. If he justified you, it's as though you never did it in the first place. So, some of you got histories like me and God wipes it all away. And when he justified, then he also glorified. Yeah. So, it means in God's mind, I'm already there. I can't lose. I know this is a simple sermon. But, Brother Marcus, if we can get the point, God is our strength. We're already there in God's mind. He's going to get us through every trial. [Applause] So what does that mean? It doesn't matter what people say about you on Facebook. It doesn't matter what anybody says about you on the job. Hey, I'm digging. It doesn't matter what anybody says to try to destroy you. You have already won. Did you get it? Did you get it? That's right. So, I was worried about some of you riding two hours to church. And one of your brothers looked at me and he said, "We used to ride two hours in a buggy." That's right. And now we ride two hours. This is what he said. We read we ride two hours that tells us about a rapture. It's a good tradeoff. It's a really good tradeoff. You ride four and a half hours. It's a good deal. That's right. It's a really good deal. Amen. I was thinking about you the other day, Brother Ron. I was really thinking about you. I was thinking about that quote where Brother Brandon said, "Travel like a thought." That'd be a really neat deal. Travel like a thought. We could use that right now. Amen. And I sat down in the cancer center and I sat beside of a guy that rides four and a half hours to see the same doctor that I do. And listen, I got a good doctor. I really do. I got a good doctor, but she's a practicing physician. She probably won't even come to a funeral. But you know that guy rides four and a half hours and they've give him no promise either. Literally no promise. They're just doing the best they can help. But you drive four and a half hours and you have discovered that my history is gone. Listen, this is a pretty good job, Heather. You come here and sit down and and your history is evaporated. It's gone. And your future is clear. I can tell you with assurance we're going to sit at the marriage supper of the lamb. And this won't mean nothing. This won't mean absolutely nothing. I'm going to preach in a few weeks to you about your fall. I may preach to you next week. Your flaw evaporated. Okay? People have memories. I'll give you a little prep. People have memories about you and they have memories about maybe maybe where you fell in your life and maybe I don't know let's just say you were a bank robber if you was I sorry you said why you say that brother Ron there was my uncle that came down to his deathbed and he was with my dad and he said, "Charlie, I need to tell you something." And dad said, "Okay, you can tell me anything." He said, "30 years ago, me and two of my friends robbed a bank." Dad said, "Really?" He said, "I've never told any of my family, but I got to confess it, and you're the preacher." And dad said, "Well, what can I do with that?" And dad looked at him and said, "Well, I forgive you." And he said, "Thank you." In a few minutes, he was gone. And brother Ray, I give it a lot of thought. About two weeks ago, the Lord dealt with me about the flaw gone in your life. You may remember the flaw bank robber and it may battle you every time you pray. Amen. But in just seconds going into that new body, the old body that robbed the bank is history. And the new body, Woo, I feel like shouting. and a new body. It is never held against him ever again. Glory. Glory. Well, ain't no need trying to add anything to that. Musicians come That makes me feel like just shouting all over this building right there cuz I asked God to wipe my memory to where I don't even remember those bad things anymore. And he's really helped me with that. When something comes up, you know, why did I remember that? And I'll just say, Lord, would you delete that? Would you take away that? And the Lord some way helps me forget those things. When that pops back up, I say, "Lord, would you help me forget that memory? Help me just wipe that away. Tear that page." Believe that'll be a good sermon next week. Let's stand. verse 35, chapter 8, Romans. I want us to read this together through the rest of the verses. Who shall separate us from the love of God? shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword. As it is written, for thy sake we're killed all the day long. We're accounted as sheep for the slaughter. Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. For I am persuaded nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come, nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus. Won't you give your neighbor a high five right now? Some of you gave him a low five. I guess that'll count. But go ahead and really give them a high fab right now. We win. We win. We win. Tell your neighbor, "We win." And just in case they have forgot, I want you to tell your neighbor, "We're on the same team." We're on the same team. So when you you text us and said we'll take her to the hospital, you didn't only take her but all of us went to prayer. We went to prayer cuz the highest physician is there when we call him. Many miracles don't happen because we don't ask. Come on. Ask and you shall receive. That's right. Seek and you shall find. Forgive your brother that you might be forgiven. Give them mercy that you can receive mercy. I don't know how you feel right now, but I may be a little dizzy. I hope you're not. But it's been good to be in the house of the Lord. I'm so glad that the Lord he brought me out. Well, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Well, I'm so happy since the Lord brought me out. Oh, I'm so happy that the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been for Jesus, where would I be? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Aren't you glad? Oh, aren't you glad that the Lord He brought you out? Oh, aren't you glad that the Lord brought me [Applause] out? Oh, if it had not been Jesus, oh, where would I be? I'm so glad. Oh, let's sing it again. I'm so glad. Well, I'm so glad that the Lord He brought me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Oh, if it had not been Jesus, where would I be that the Lord brought me [Music] out? Aren't you glad of that this morning that he brought you out? When we all get to heaven, sing the wondrous love of Jesus. See his mercy and his reign. Oh, in the meious bright and blessing, he'll prepare for us. Please, hoping we all will get to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Hoping we hope for seeking Jesus we will sing and shout the victory. While we walk the hill from pathway, glass will over spread the sky. For the relying, days are over now. A shackle, not a sound. Open we get to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, bring me home. Oh, seeing Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. [Music] Let us be true and faithful trusting every day. Oh, just one lives of him in glory with the toes of life prevail. [Music] When we are opening to him, what a day of rejoicing that will be. For we are all seeking Jesus, we will sing and shout. For when we are open we are open to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh we hope for seeking Jesus we will see you're dismissed this morning. God richly bless you. Opening we all came to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Glory we all seeking Jesus. We will sing and we'll shout victory. Heat. Heat. [Music]
