################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-28 - You Have To Be Like Isaiah In His Visions - Bro. Robert Fisher on June 28th, 2025 - Robert Fisher.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-28
Title:    "You Have To Be Like Isaiah In His Visions" - Bro. Robert Fisher on June 28th, 2025
Speaker:  Robert Fisher
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OxYD53NrJMg
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, you are God alone. right now. Right now in the good times and bad you are throne. Oh, you're unchangeable. You're unchangeable. [Music] You're unshakeable. [Music] Oh, you're unstoppable and that's what you are. Oh, you're unchangeable. [Music] You're unshakeable. Oh, you're unstoppable. And that's what you are. Oh, you are God alone. For from before time came and you are all and you are God. Oh, and right now. And right now in the good time for you, you are God. Amen. Aren't you glad that he's God in the good times and bad and has it all in his hands and under control? Good to be in the house, Lord, this evening. Sing that song. Create in me a clean heart. Never knew a right spirit. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and render my spirit within me. or in me. [Music] Oh God can and renew my spirit within me. [Music] Oh, cast me now away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take out thy holy spirit from me. [Music] will restore unto me. So joy of thy salvation. [Music] Oh, and renew my spirit within. Oh, cast me not away. Oh, cast me away from thy grace. Oh, and take not the Holy Spirit from me. Resto to me [Music] the joy of thy salvation [Music] and renew my spirit with me. He's an on time God. Amen. And he's always on time for every situation. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he Oh, he's an on time god. Yes, he [Music] say he may not come when you want him, but he will be there right now. Well, he's an on time God, is he? Well, you can ask the children of Israel or trapped at the Red Sea. Oh, by that mean Oh, and his army. They had a warm around me and oh Pharaoh on their track. Oh out of nowhere I constant build a highway just like they lied. He's an on time God. Is he? Oh, he's an on time guy. Yes, he is. Oh, Jose. He may not come when you want him to, but he will be there right on time. Oh, he's in on time. God, is he? [Music] Oh, you can ask the 5,000. Oh, hungry souls. Oh, on the banks of the river with two fishes five loss of grave. Oh, what a miracle. For he performed for that mort. Oh, what he did. Oh, ain't bad. He'll do today for me and you. Let me tell you, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he. Oh, Jose. He may not come when you want him to, but he will be there right on time. Well, he's an on time God. Yes, he Oh, let's sing that again. He's on time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an ontime God. Yes, he is. Oh, Tro say he may not come when you want him, but he will be there right time. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Amen. And aren't you glad he's on time for you? Amen. Sing my song. Give Give myself away. I give myself away. I give myself away. Oh God. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. [Music] I see. Oh Lord, my life is in your glory. Oh Lord, I am long to see. for your desire [Music] reveal in me. I give myself away. Oh, just give it over to him this evening. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away, oh God. I give myself away so you can use me. Won't take my heart. Won't take my life. [Music] as only [Music] beside. [Music] Oh, hold my dreams. Oh, I place, oh Lord. Oh, I place them. I place them in your hand. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh God, I give myself away. [Music] Amen. That's what we want to do is just yield ourselves over to him that he may use us as a vessel. Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, I have some unspoken requests. I need help praying about Thank you, Sister Rachel Snider. Dear church family, please remember my friend's mom Nikki in prayer. She will be having surgery on Monday. Thank you, Sister Jada. Amen. Please remember mom in prayer. She's been very sick for several days. Thank you, Sister Wanda Hinkle. I want to be remembering our sister Francis there. Want to continue to lift up all of our elderly, each and every one of them. Uh remember sister June Shifflet. Want to be remembering our brother Clarence and sister Betty. Also our brother Roger Sailor that God would just touch him in a supernatural way. I want to pray for sister Anne there as well. Uh want to remember our sister Sarah Gooden. God would touch her, sister Teresa Gooden. remember our pastor, brother Ron, that God would touch him, drive out that cancer, continue to heal his body in a supernatural way, as well as sister Terresa Delaney that God will just heal her of that cancer as well. I want to remember sister Wanda Hinkle and family. Uh she will Wanda has uh this th this Thursday she has her first chemotherapy treatment with five to follow. So, we want to remember sister Wanda there through that. Um, remember Chief Deputy Eric Colon in prayer. U, the doctors found a mass either on his liver or kidney and they think it may be cancer. Uh, he's going to meet with the surgeon on July 1st. Thank you, brother Joe Vest. So, I want to remember that that chief deputy there that Brother Joe is lifting up. Uh, could the church please remember my sister Susan in prayer? She'll be having a surgical procedure done on Monday. Uh, praying that everything will go well and a quick recovery. Thank you, brother Joel. Was that last weekend? Amen. So, want to be remembering her and her recovery there of that. Uh, we remember Tyler Michael. He is having a kidney transplant and his father is the donor for that. Thank you, brother Luke. Amen. I want to remember our brother Matt Mccclard and his family. He's speaking at BYC camp this weekend. And then uh brother Andrew Spencer is making his way home uh out in San Diego. Always love travel when it goes right, but you don't like it when it don't go good at all. And so that's what he's dealing with the past two days. So just be remembering them as they're flying home this evening. Also want to continue lift up our brother Jeff Breeden that God would just touch his body, heal him. And then we have brother uh Robert Fiser with us as a speaker this evening. So I want to pray for him. He's from Poland. So y'all just make him have a Virginia welcome here. Amen. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request? You'd like to say, "Lord, just pass by my way. Heal my body." Amen. Amen. And I'm going to ask brother Gabriel Spencer just come pray over these needs for us. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we're just so thankful to be able to come and be here again this weekend. And after the week that many of us have had and you know the burdens and you know the sicknesses that are going through, you see the prayer requests. Lord, I'm just I'm believing that the the Jehovah raffle would just show up for us this this evening, Lord. And you see, as the minister would come forth, he's been studying. He's been preparing, Lord. And I just believe that you can just anoint the words that are on the paper and be able to anoint the words in the in the scriptures that they would just be able to come alive to us tonight. That you would allow us to be able to draw closer to you. And Lord, we're just so thankful to be able to be here and be here with our friends and family, Lord. And but Lord Jesus, we want to be able to come and worship with you tonight and be able to have your spirit be able to just sweep through the building and be able to touch each and every one of our needs. And you see sister Wanda there and Sister Francis. Lord, I'm just believing that you could go by their way and be able to touch them tonight, Lord. And Lord, I just ask that you would just be with each and every one of us. Be with Brother Andrew as he is flying home. Be with the flight as it would come in for its landing and their drive-in. Lord, I just pray that you would be able to be there with them. And I believe that you would you were with brother Andrew last weekend as he would just minister the word to those in California and just believing that you were wrapping up the the bride around the world. And we're just believing that you could bring one one more soul into you that you could just call us all home, Lord. And we just ask that you would continue to be with our pastor and continue to strengthen him and encourage his body and just be able to be there as a as a strengthening to his vessel, Lord. That we'd be able to see a whole renewing of his whole body. and we just so thankful for everything that you are doing. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this evening's offering. You give us God's blessed you. Want to have Sister Beth Robinson come sing for us this weekend this evening. And then Sister Faith Miller after Sister Beth as they're making their way. Maybe we'll sing a song. Come and dine. The Master's Calling Come and D. Jesus has the tables spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and die. Oh, there they found their hearts. Red fish upon the p. Thus he sisfied. I put two of them together there. God bless you. Oh, come and tie. The master's calling. Come and die. Well, you made feast and Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude and turn the water into wine to the hungry called come and die. Before the disciples came to land, let us obey Christ's command. Before the master called to thee, come and die. Here we go. Oh, there they found their harsh desire. Red fish upon the fire satisfies agree every time. Oh, come and die. The master's called come and die. Will you make me stand his table all the time? He who the multitude and turn the water into wine to the hungry call it now. Come and die. through the lamb will take it bride to be ever at all the host of heaven will a simple be and will be a glorious sight for all the saints in spotless wine and with Jesus we shall feast eternally. Oh, come and die. The master's called you. Come and die. Well, you made Jesus table on the town. He who fed the multitude and turn into wine to the hungry call now. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. [Music] Well, I know that the Lord is with me. I know that my Lord is good. He walks right along beside of me just like he said he would. I'm walking by faith. Oh faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. All faith in the name of the Lord. Oh Jesus, the same today. Yesterday forever more. I rest in the promise of the word of God. Cradled in the arms of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. And I'm walking my day. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, the name of the Lord, a strong tower. Call on Jesus this hour. One day every tongue will confess and every knee is going to bow. I'm walking by faith. [Music] Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. [Music] Well, the demons believe and they tremble cuz they know what his name can do. In his name we shall cast them out and walk in a victory, too. We're walking by faith. [Music] Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. We're walking by faith. [Music] Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. Well, I'm coming up out of this valley. I'm marching to the top of his hill. Every step in the name of the Lord, it keeps me in the center of his will. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh Jesus, the same today. Yesterday, forever more. I rest in the promise of the word of God. Cradled in the arms of the Lord, I'm walking by faith. [Music] Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. [Music] All the demons believe and they tremble cuz they know what his name can do. In his name, we shall cast them out and walk in a victory, too. We're walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. Walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. [Music] Oh, the name of the Lord, a strong tower. Call on Jesus this hour. One day, every tongue will confess and every knee is going to bow. I'm walking by faith. Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. [Music] Oh, faith in the name of the Lord. I'm walking by faith. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Faith in the name of the Lord. [Applause] I know that I'm not worthy to call upon your name. [Music] All my life I've been a sinner. And for that I am ashamed. But I heard that you would listen. So I'm g you my plea. [Music] I'm too unworthy, Lord, to come to you. Could you please come down to me? I know that there are others who could offer more than I. [Music] I promise you I'd understand. If for me you had no time. [Music] I think I've just hit bottom and I'm looking up to see [Music] you unworthy Lord to come to you. Could you please come down to me? I guess I must be repeat from the seeds that I have sown. [Music] Lord, you owe me nothing. We haven't spoken in so long. [Music] If you could spare some mercy, I'll pledge my life to you. I'm too unworthy, Lord, to come to you. Could you please come down to me? [Music] I know that there are others who could offer more than us. [Music] Promise you I'd understand. If for me you had no time. [Music] I think I've just hit bottom and I'm looking up to see. I'm too unworthy, Lord, to come to you. Could you please come down to me? [Music] I know that there are others who could offer more than I. [Music] I promise you I'd understand. If for me you had no time. [Music] I think I'm just hypnoty [Music] [Music] Lord to come to you. Could you please come down to me? [Music] I think I'm just hit and I'm looking up to see. [Music] unto an unworthy Lord to come to you. [Music] Could you please come down to me? [Music] Let's stand. Sing a song. I am blessed. I am blessed every day of my life. Aren't you glad that you can sing this song? I am blessed. Will I am blessed. Well, I am blessed. Oh, every day of my life I am blessed. Oh, will I wake up in the morning till I lay my head and rest? I am blessed. Where will I have blessed? We are we are blessed. Oh, we are blessed. Oh, every day of my life I am blessed. Oh God, woke me up this morning till I lay my head and rest. I am blessed. Oh, you know we bless some more time. I am blessed. Well, I am blessed. Oh, every day of my life I am. Oh God who woke me up his morning till I lay my head at rest. I feel bless. Don't you know I'm bless I say can't nobody. Well to me like Jesus. Oh can't nobody do me like the Lord. I said king know my king. Well to me like Jesus he my bra. Well he picked me up and he turned me around. Yes he picked me up and he turned me around. till he pick me up and he turn me around. Oh, he my bring heal my body. Oh, he healed my body and he told me to run. Oh, he healed my body and he told me to run. Oh, he heal my body and he who told me to run home. Well, he Oh, can nobody. Oh, I say can nobody. Well, do me like Jesus. Oh, can nobody do me like the Lord. I say can't nobody. Well, to me like Jesus. Oh, one more time. Can't nobody. Oh, I said can't go by. [Music] [Music] Do me like the Lord. Oh, nobody [Music] do me like Jesus. He's my friend. Hallelujah. There ain't no friend like Jesus, is it? Nobody like him. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated just a moment. We're so glad to have you in the house of the Lord. Amen. So good to see each and every one of you. Isn't it amazing how quick a week goes? Amen. We took a few days for vacation this week for our 42nd anniversary. Moving toward 43, one day at a time. Amen. And so we're just so thankful we were able to take some of our family with us to to enjoy that and Sister Nancy and and uh we we had a good time. And so it's always always on a vacation week at that time flies. I don't know about you, but they must put different batteries in that vacation week. Just gone. Amen. We have brother Robert Fiser with us tonight from Poland. He was with us uh maybe a couple years ago and just did a wonderful job for us. This time he has his family with us. His his daughter from Pennsylvania, Lancaster, Pennsylvania, and uh and son-in-law. And I know why he comes to America now. He's got three grandchildren sitting back there. That'll make you come to America. Amen. Amen. And so we're so thrilled to have them with us and and uh we certainly want to make you feel at home the best way that we can. And so thank you for being here. And uh brother Robert has come to us and uh Andrew was wanted to be here. He was last night he was stuck in Atlanta and uh couldn't get a flight out. Today he's been stuck in Atlanta, but he's on a plane right now somewhere. And so, uh, he was wanting to be here, but there's one thing for sure. You can't be in two places at the same time. I've tried it. It don't work out real well. And so, we'll look forward to having him with us in the morning. And and I hear that they had wonderful meetings in San Diego. We love those people there. And they're they're just we're, you know, we're a bride universal around the world believing the same message. and that has the same spirit. And no matter where you go, what place that you're at, we're all different nationalities and we're immigrants. All of us are im immigrants. Amen. All of us are. I know it's a political issue now, but all of us are. We're on our way home. This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. And so, so tonight, for those that have not met Brother Robert, he's an incredible guy. And so, we love Brother Robert with all of our hearts. And, you know, it doesn't take long to to get to know somebody that, you know, we came from a different place and we're going to go back to that different place. Brother Robert would come this evening and we're looking forward to hearing from him and uh Amen. if he will come. And uh let's stand to our feet. Amen. God bless you. I remember one time I was in Florida preaching and uh and I was speaking the meeting and I'd already spoke four services and so now I'm speaking the last service and I'm sitting in the office and brother Thomas, you know, they told me to relax. Well, I did and I heard them say, "Let's sing Amazing Grace one more time. The deacon was standing outside of the door and I said, "How many times have I sung that?" And he said, "Four." Amen. We're so glad to have brother Robert. Please give him a warm hand tonight. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. It is great privilege for me to be here with you to stay with such warrior of faith like brother Ron your pastor. His great testimony for us and his testimony his life his preaching encourages us to to serve the Lord better and better every day. Amen. Praise the Lord. So that's great privilege. This time I came here with my family, with my daughter, with my son-in-law and three grandchildren, my three grandchildren. So that is great privilege. God bless you all. And we are on Saturday on Saturday evening. So we don't have enough time and I don't want to hold you too long. So please let's open our Bibles. Thank you musician. God bless you. Of course, greetings from Poland. A lot of friends, brother Daniel Mazer. I don't know if you remember him. We were here together and he sent special greetings for brother Ron and for the congregation. So, God bless you and we are one family, brother and sisters. We are really one family because we have the same father and our father is tonight here. Can you say amen? And he is here because of you because of me of me because of your problem, because of your need, because of my need. He's here to be with us. Not only to be with us but to help us brothers and sisters. Amen. So I just want to share with you some thoughts. very very uh simple subject. You have to be like Isaiah in his visions. You have to be like Isaiah in his visions. Not only in one vision but in his visions. Amen. So Proverbs very well-known scripture before we'll pray. Proverbs 29 verse 18. Proverb Proverbs 29 and verse 18. Solomon, he says here, "Where there is no vision, the people perish, but he that keepeth the law, happy is he." Amen. Where there is no vision, the people perish. Not maybe, not perhaps, not 99%. He said, "Where there is no vision, the people perish, but he that keepeth the law, happy is he." Amen. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this opportunity to be here this evening. We commit everything into your hands. We are needy people, Lord Jesus. But you are with us. We are your children. We can call you father, daddy, and we are here. And please speak to us. touch our hearts, touch our needs, Lord Jesus, and take the whole glory because we ask you and thank you already in the precious name, the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. So, brothers and sisters, please forgive me for my English. I came from Poland. Poland is a small country in Europe. Maybe not too small, but not too big as your country. And we speak daily Polish, not English, but Polish in church, in work, with family, with wife, with kids. When I came here, I speak Polish with my family. Still Polish, Polish, Polish. And suddenly I have to speak English. So please forgive me my mistakes. But you know, I want to be fu focused on the word of God. and my only hope is in him. Amen. So the message come let us reason together you know this quote you know all quotes because you speak English you don't need any translator this is something normal for you but brothers and sisters sometimes we have to stop and ask ourselves it it came something bigger d deeper to our hearts. Amen. Amen. So in the message come let us reason together. Prophet said someone said to me not long ago. Brother Brham I would give anything if I could see a vision. I put my arm around him a real brother. I said my beloved brother. Every time you open the Bible you see a vision. God revealing himself. Here is God's vision. Just open it up. Amen. and say, "God, now open my eyes that I can see you. The word is God and here is God." And every time, every time you open the Bible, you see a vision of God speaking forth to you said with a humble heart. Amen. That is what we need tonight to open our Bible and to see something more than just the letter. something more than just the information, brothers and sisters, because we have to see Lord Jesus himself, not only here in the midst of us, but in us, inside of us. Amen. Oh, praise the Lord. And book of the book of Revelation, Revelation 3:18 and 20 and 12, prophet said uh uh 11 and 12. Revelation 11 3:11 and 3:12. The book of Revelation says, "Behold, I come quickly. Hold that fast which thou hast that no man take thy crone." Amen. Him that overcome will I make a pillar in the temple of my God. And he shall go no more out, and I will write upon him the name of my God, and the name of the city of my God, which is New Jerusalem, which cometh down out of heaven from my God, and I will write upon him my new name. and about the scripture in an exposition of the seven church ages prophet said we don't need to comment on the thought that he is coming quickly we know that he is because we are in the end of the last days aren't we? But he goes on say, "Hold fast what you have that no man take your crown." It is in the midst of a time of great trouble that Jesus comes. And with his coming there is a resurrection. Can we say amen? With his coming tonight, there is a resurrection. Maybe you pray for your family, for your kids or your parents. Maybe they are somewhere in the world. But with his coming there is a true resurrection not to any confession but through to to the whole to the true life of Jesus Christ. Oh brother and sisters and we are as prophet said we are in in in the time we are living in the time of great trouble and Jesus he comes in the time. So brothers and sisters, we see the situation in the world. Can we see it? We see the no the king of the north. Mr. Putin, the king of the north. What was said to prophet? Watch Russia. Watch Russia, the king of the north. We see the situation in the Middle East. Amen. With Israel. What was said to prophet? Watch Israel. Watch Israel. Amen. So king of the north, he's raising. He's raising to take his position. What is in Israel? Everyone is against Israel, but they are still safe. Why? Because someone someone protects them. That is the mighty hand of Jehovah. What is with the bride of Jesus Christ? We see all this information. All what prophet said to us is fulfilling in our days. the pope from the states on the throne in Vatican. Can you say amen? Donald Trump as your very strong president. Amen. Not weak president but very strong because everything from the Bible has to be fulfilled and we are living in this time. Not only to say what prophet said is truth because this is truth brother and sisters but what with you what we does what with me. Who we are today who we are tonight we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. We are not just a members of any messy church. We are the bride of Jesus Christ. Can you say amen? Praise the Lord. Hebrew chapter 1 prophet said now on this side when people get converted their minds is set right on Christ and if they are just a little scholar and don't keep under prayer they'll get real cold and stiff and starchy and indifferent and Then if they are just a little bit nervous, if you don't watch, they will just get radical and wild on this side. See, they go into sensations and everything now. But the real church is a real saint gospel right in the middle of the road. It is not cold on sty fanaticism. It is a real good old warm gospel. Hurtfelt love of God going right down the middle of the road calling from both sides. That's right. Can you say amen? Amen. Are you in the middle of the road? Oh, brothers and sisters, that is what we need as the bride of Jesus Christ. Not only to say we are on the road, we have to be in the middle of the road because this time is time to go home. Amen. Amen. The end time. Prophet said in 1954, you always talk about how bad the world is, how weak the world is. That's true. But look how great the church is getting all the time. We failed to look at this that side. Jesus said, "Lay, let let them grow together." When the world's getting wiggler and wiggler and w wether, the church is getting more powerful and more powerful all the time. When the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God will raise up a stand against it. Hallelujah. Let's go. Glory. What do you care? Who is the captain? He will take care of it. Amen. Where is captain? He's here. Where? He's here. This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your eyes. Can you say amen? Amen. Oh, praise God. And Dr. Moses 1955 prophet said, "You know what? I begin to believe Christian friend that we are just living in the beginning of the greatest time this world has ever witnessed. I just believe that all of the lines are getting uncloded. But it's come to place where God not man. What we need is to just stay and look at him and say Lord here am I. Let it be according to thy word. Amen. So you have I have we have to be like Isaiah in his visions. Amen. Very very simple just to encourage you and encourage myself because it works on both sides. If this preaching will encourage you if if it will encourage me as well. Amen. So Isaiah 1:1, the vision of Isaiah, the son of Am Amos, which he saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem in the days of Uzziah, Jotam, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah. So when he started to write his letter, he started with these words, the vision of Isaiah. The vision of Isaiah. Now Isaiah 2:1, the word that Isaiah the son of Ammos saw concerning Judah and Jerusalem. So that that that was another step. First he saw a vision in first chapter. In second chapter he saw the word. the word which came to him. Amen. And now we'll skip to this scripture, fundamental scripture. Isaiah 6. In the year that King Usuza Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne high and lifted up and his train filled the temple. First step, that was a vision. Second step, that was the word. He saw a word. But third step, he saw the Lord of hosts sitting upon a throne high and lifted up and his train filled the temple. Who is his temple? You and me, we are his temple. Oh brother and sister, we know because we are good uh you know readers of the Bible of the message we know all quotes especially according to our time we like personally myself really I love this quotes that pope from the states we that the the cardinal from the states will become a pope We love it. But brothers and sisters, we have to see something more in this message. Not only the word which came concerning Judah and concerning Jerusalem. All the vision which came concerning Judah and concerning Jerusalem. But we have to be also in sixth chapter of Isaiah. We have to see the Lord of hosts sitting on the throne in his temple. My question tonight is is he the Lord in the temple of your body of your spirit? Brother and sisters, we can jump and jump. That's an not it is nothing against it. I like because I as a person I am very emot emotional person. But brother and sister, we have to see something more. Our experience has to be something more than just jumping, running, crying. We have to see himself in his temple. Paul said you are his temple. Can you say amen? Brothers and sisters, brother Ron, he he said to me, "Feel like home." I feel like home in my local church really. I I preach the same to my local church. Some people they have 40 years maybe more in the message. But I I ask them every time what is your experience that that pope from America is according what prophet prophesied or something more you see in this message. You have to see your position. You have to see him yourself as a bride of Jesus Christ because you can be you can be just a message believer. But there is another position position of the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh brother and sister, this is a special position. Praise the Lord. Amen. So in the year that King Uzziah died that was the you know the greatest problem for Uzziah was his friend King from from Isaiah. Amen. But in the year that King Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord. Not just a vision, not just that was good message from William Branham. He saw Lord himself. Oh, praise the Lord. This is this is what the bride of Jesus Christ needs. Above it stood the saraphims. Each one had six wings. With twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with twain he did fly. And one cried unto another and said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts. The whole earth is full of his glory. Can we see God in everything? In his nature, in his creation, in my brother, in my sister, in your wife, can you see him in you? When you are staying before the mirror, can you see God and his glory? Thank you, Lord. And the post of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke. Then said, I, that was Isaiah. We have to be like Isaiah in his visions. When came vision concerning Judah, concerning Jerusalem. Oh, that was very very you know comfort zone for him. That was concerning Judah. That was concerning Jerusalem. Oh, when the word came to him, still he was in his comfort zone, concerning Judah, concerning Jerusalem. But now it changed. The word came to him and he saw not only good message of William Brahham, he saw the Lord of himself and the same Isaiah. Amen. The same prophet. He said, "Who is me?" Amen. For I am undone. Whoa. Who? Isaiah, you in me churches. I Yes, brother and sisters. Yes, brother and sisters. We need to meet him every day. We need to meet him every time. Not only on Sunday or Saturday or Wednesday when you come to your church. We have to meet him every time. In your kitchen, sister. In your bedroom, brother. We have to meet him to have fellowship with him to hear from him. Can you say amen? Amen. What was his testimony? That was testimony of God's prophet. He was prophet. He said the vision came to me. The word came to me. And he said against Judah, against Jerusalem, and everything was fulfilled. Still the same Isaiah. And he said, "Woe me, for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips." He said about his congregation. Whoa, brothers and sisters. But he didn't say they have unclean lips and I am okay. But they were on the same level. We are on the same level. Here we have some offices but in the heaven in him we are on the same level. Can you say amen brother Ron? Oh praise the lord. Amen. for mine eyes have seen the king the lord of hosts or he saw something more than just 1,200 sermons of William Brham he saw Jesus Christ himself how this is what I want to see in this message every day oh brother and sister every day when I am driving my car to my work and I I am listening to the Bible or to the message. I want to meet my God to listen from him to listen him to hear from him. Oh brother and sisters, then flew one of the saraphims unto me, having a live call in his hand, which he had taken with the tongues from of the altar. and he laid it upon my mouth and said, "Lo, this had touched thy lips, and thine iniquity is taken away, and thine sin parched." Oh, brothers and sisters, sometimes we are like babies. Oh, we want that our pastor will say, "Okay, you are all right. You are message believer. Come, we'll pray for you. Everything okay. I am not against prayers. We practice it in our church. But brothers and sisters, we can pray for you day after day, Sunday after Sunday, meeting after meeting. And we will try to convince you, oh, you are a child of God. You are his son. You are his daughter. But this Saraphim, he didn't he didn't tell this way. He said no he didn't say hey Isaiah you are very good man you are even prophet don't say this way just change your confession oh I will I am with you I am your father you know I am your brother but who what he was doing he laid it upon my mouth and said lo this had touched thy lips. This is what we have to recognize. What touched our lips? Our spiritual soul. Our spiritual lips. What touched? Not word of brother Ron. Come on. But living call from the altar of God. Hope brother and sisters this message is the living call from the al altar of God to touch your lips to touch your lips to touch my lips. Oh, praise the Lord. And thine iniquity is taken away. Not you are in process, Isaiah. Stay here longer. Stay here longer. know thine iniquity is taken away and thy impeded. Oh brothers and sisters, this message came to us to show us who we are and why this message came in the full power. Don't say that this message has no power because this message is full of power. Amen. If you cannot operate on this power, don't blame the message. Don't blame God. God is full of power. This message is full of power. This living call is full of power to take your sin away to take my sin away. To change my confession. Amen. Brothers and sisters, according to the Bible, if your sin will be taken away, your confession will be changed. Your confession will be changed. As confession of Isaiah was changed also. I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Whom shall I send and who will go for us?" The same Isaiah. Still the same Isaiah who was read who was writing Isaiah 1:1, Isaiah 2:1, Isaiah 61, 62, 63. The same Isaiah. But after this experience, after this vision, he said, "Not worries me." But he said, "Here am I. Send me." Are you ready to say tonight, Lord, send me to my family? Send me to my son. Send me to my daughter. Send me to my parents. Send me to my brother who is somewhere in the world. Send me. Amen. Are you willingly to say like Isaiah did. Oh, brothers and sisters, oh brother and sister, this is what the bride of Jesus Christ needs tonight to have the same vision. We have a lot of information. We have a lot of information. Can you say amen? Amen, brothers and sisters. But we don't need more information. We need to meet God not just like a message book but person person of Jesus Christ. We need to meet him. Oh brother and sisters and prophet said in the message faith without works is dead. He said he is the high priest of our confession. He is sitting at the right hand of the father to make good anything that we confess that he has done. But he cannot do nothing for us until first we confess that he has done it and act upon it. This vision change confession of Isaiah. He said wo is me. Wo is me. Oh concerning Judah. Oh, he was in comfort zone concern concerning Jerusalem. Still he was in comfort zone concerning to the people in denominations. We are in comfort zone. Oh, because we have message. Praise the Lord. But we have to come to this vision to meet him face to face. Oh brothers and sisters, your pastor, he only can lead you to this point. But then you have to meet God personally face to face. Can you say amen? Amen. So first his confession had to be changed. Amen. And then Isaiah he could act upon his new confession. But this is not the end of this story. And prophet said that's the order. See, you believe now that you receive it and it shall be given unto you. That's the future. For he is the high priest to make intercession for your confession. And he cannot heal you until first you confess he has. Amen. He already healed brother wrong. Amen. Before foundation of the world, he healed brother wrong. We are in the process. But we we have to see the vision, the picture and we have to start to act upon it. Can you say amen? Amen. Brothers and sisters, how many people with fourth stage cancer died? Your pastor is still alive. Why? Because he caught a vision and he is acting upon this vision. Can you say amen? It doesn't uh you know it doesn't mean that your body will not seek. Yes, we'll be sick sometimes. But if you will catch the vision, brothers and sisters, maybe devil will will come and try to convince you. But your children, they are somewhere in the world. Don't worry. Just start to thank God to pray with thanksgiving. Brothers and sisters, but first you have to recognize it. You have to meet God face to face as Isaiah did. Not only to repeat, oh, pope from the states will be uh the the cardinal from the states will be on the throne. This is history. He is already on the throne. Right. Amen. Don't just repeat that king of the north will will will raise. He is on his position already on his position. Brothers and sisters, this is just a a g a play a game. Don't see they say we'll destroy him. the all nations in that that was I think in in 2022 when he entered Ukraine all mean prime ministers all presidents in Europe they said we will destroy Russia and Mr. Putin where is he? Russia is in better condition in economy than before the war. Why? Because he recognized his position and his time. What with the bride of Jesus Christ? Brothers and sisters, what with the bride of Jesus Christ? Why we are waiting and waiting to to to defend ourselves against devil? What Israel did? They attack iron not in Israel on Iron's territory. We have to take our position. We have to go to devil and say go out of my son. Go out of my wife. Go out of my family. You have no rights to my family. You have no rights to my healing, to my health. Can you say amen? Don't wait that your pastor will pray for you and pray for you. Take your position, bride of Jesus Christ. Take your position tonight. We are needy people. Amen. But we are bride of Jesus Christ. We are his queen. It means something. Amen. Amen. The same message prophet said, "I believe in old fashioned repentance, but you can you could stay there and repent until year after year and you'd never be saved until you believe in your heart, that he has saved you and raised up and confess it. Confess it that he already saved your children. He saved your parents. Can you say amen? He already healed you, brother and sisters. But if he was standing here tonight dressed in this clothes, he could not do any more for you than what he's doing here night after night. Is that right? He could tell you what who you were, what you've done, what was wrong with you, but he could not heal you until you believed it. Until you believed it. You are just I I am skipping. You are just making yourself fight with air. until in your heart you believe that you are healed. Cuz now remember you can't play with Satan. He knows whether you believe or not. Don't you try just to make out. You really believe. Really believe. Brothers and sisters, if it is required of us to be to really believe what it means that real faith, real faith is here. I said real faith is here. We receive something more than just 1,200 messages. We received real faith. We receive the person of Jesus Christ here night after night, Sunday after Sunday. Preaching after preaching, Jesus Christ is here to take you, to come and meet you and meet your need, brother and sisters. And now think friends that you would get down to business with God. He'd come to business with you. You are healed just by the same merits that you are saved by. You are saved by the merits of Christ. Is that right? Now, not trust your own merits. There's nothing you can do to be saved. Only believe on him. I couldn't go to heaven in my righteousness. Neither could you go there in your righteousness. God wouldn't receive it, but he will receive the righteousness of his son. And if we believe on him, as the scripture says, believe that he is and will confess him, he will work the righteousness in us. Praise God. Praise God. Brothers and sisters, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. We like to repeat and repeat the scripture but we have to act upon the scripture that he is still the same. How he can be the same today? He can be the same in you. He can be the same in me. He can because he is the same in his bride. Oh, praise the Lord. Isaiah 7. So first that was Isaiah 1, I saw a vision. Isaiah 2, I saw a word, the word come to me. Isaiah 6, I saw the Lord himself sitting on the throne. In his temple. Where is he tonight? In his temple. Are you his temple? Are you his temple? This message came to show us that we are his temple. Amen. We love our buildings but we are real temple of God. Not this building. We thanks God for it but we are his real temple. Praise the Lord. And then that was Isaiah 6 third step but we have to come farther to fourth step. Can you say amen? Amen. Are you following me? Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. Do you understand my English? Thank you. Isaiah 7. Seven couldn't be before six because God is God of order. So we have first one 2 3 4 5 6 and then seven not before but then and seven one and it came to pass in the days of Aas the son of Jotam the son of Uzziah king of Judah that Dresen the king of Syria and Pekka the son of Ramalia king of Israel went up toward Jerusalem to war against it but could not prevail against it. Amen. This is our day. Hallelujah. The whole power is against the bride of Jesus Christ. It's not against Russia. Is not against somewhere there is against you in fact. Amen. Amen. And we'll skip to verse 10. Moreover, the Lord spake again unto Aas, saying, Ask thee a sign of the Lord thy God. Ask it either in the depth or in the height above. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord himself is on the scene. Hallelujah. And here is his desire. Oh, praise the Lord. But Aas said, I will not ask, neither will I tempt the Lord. Whoa. It looks so humble, but it is not humble. It is not humble. When God, he wants to give something to you. Don't be too humble. But be real humble to take it from his hand. Can you say amen? Amen. He has healing for you tonight. Amen. He is he has deliverance for you tonight and he is here and he's still the same and he he's saying ask me ask me for a sign ask me for something my bride I am here not only to say who will be next pope brothers and sisters it would be so sad if we as message believer only thing we know we knew is who will be next pope who will be next president about situation in Palestine. We have to know that he is here and he is asking you but why he's asking you because he wants to give you something something more because you are special for him. Oh brother and sisters. And he said, "Hearing now, oh house of David, is it a small thing for you to worry man, but will you worry my God also?" Therefore, I love it. Therefore, the Lord himself. Amen. As we believe that he is here tonight and as we believe that he is the same yesterday, today and forever, we have to believe that these words are true. Therefore, the Lord himself shall give you a sign. Not maybe, I will see, but I will give you a sign. Behold, the virgin shall conceive and bear a son and shall call his name Emmanuel. Oh brother and sisters, this is the sign what God he wants to give you and give me tonight himself into our soul into our heart. Oh, praise the Lord brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Faith without works is dead. Prophet said, "Now I am not excited, but I know what I am speaking of. The right mental attitude towards any promise of God will bring it to pass." There it is. Here is the first and only foundation for divine healing or anything from God is the Bible. This is your vision, brothers and sisters. And this vision has a voice. Is not just a mute vision. This vision has a voice not only to repeat and repeat but to see Lord himself in your life. Amen. Oh brother and sisters, if you get off of that, you are out of God's will. And now Jehovah Gyra because he is here. Do you believe that brother and sister? I laugh to repeat that he is here because this is what I believe in that he is here because without him without him we are nothing. We can preach day meeting after meeting. We can sit and listening meeting after meeting. But without him we are nothing. We are nothing. Jehovah Gyra prophet said there was a prayer meeting a prayer line and prophet said there is a spirit coming from the woman calling in the audience and I can't tell where it is see demons sympathize sympathize with one another and they call help if they can only reinforce it enough to get this woman to disbelief, she will walk off with her same condition. Brothers and sisters, who was in trouble when prophet was on earth? Who was in trouble? Not William Brham, but demons. They were in trouble and they have to be in trouble again. Why? Because the bride of Jesus Christ he is taking her position. Oh brothers and sisters not only to point on Russia, Russia, Israel, Palestine, Iran thing like that. No brothers and sisters, Pope Vatican, we are the bride of Jesus Christ. We have real power. Amen. To prevail every demon. I said every demon, demon of cancer, we have enough power to prevail this demon to help brother Ron. Can you say amen? This church has enough power. This church has enough power. Why? Because Jesus Christ is still the same and we are his wife. there's something wrong with her. But she if they get her to disbelief, but if the angel of the Lord can get a hold of her enough to get the vision started, then she'll go away believing and receive. But he's calling. Yes. Right there. Who was calling? Demon. Demons were calling. Why? Because they recognized that they are in problem. Because Jesus Christ is still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Brothers and sisters, whatever is your problem, devil has not enough power to keep you in your problem, in your condition. Why? Because Jesus Christ. In form of the bride of Jesus Christ, he is here. He is in her. He is in you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. God brought him trouble for one thing. in God. Broen got trouble, haven't you? Yes, sir. Sitting there with the little checkered black sweater on. Uh-huh. Yeah, that's you. You are both bothered with bronical trouble. That's right. He is going to lose the battle. Who? Demon. He's going to lose the battle. It lightens up. It lightens up. Oh, praise the Lord. Why? Because Jesus Christ, he's still the same. Amen. Amen. Oh, brothers and sisters, how many Isaiah is here? But not Isaiah 1:1, Isaiah 2:1, Isaiah 6:1, but Isaiah 7. Behold, the virgin will conceive and bear a son, and they will call his name Emmanuel. Where is Emmanuel tonight? In you. In me. Oh, brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. It lightens up. You have erectile trouble too. Hemorrhoids that you are bothered with. That's right. Isn't it? Amen. Just believe. Don't doubt. Just believe. Have faith. The Church of Living God here in Elkton. Just believe. Have faith. Don't doubt deep call it unto the deep. All right, come lady. Now, don't you suffer with arteries too, lady? Sitting right there at the end, little woman, you have arteries, don't you? Would you raise up your hand if that's right? That's what's happened. This this powerful enemy here. He didn't say this weak enemy. He said this powerful enemy here. Powerful one hand side another hand side is screaming for help. Whoa. He is screaming for help. Why? Because someone who had more power was on the scene. And today we came to the same point. Brother and sister, we have to recognize who we are. And we have to come to the same point that this powerful enemy will cry for for help. In other words, demons are calling to it, you see, to answer much of it out there in the audience. It's moving right through here. Now, see, the enemy, the devil that would do this horrible thing is moving right here. It is crying out, there's more. Let's bow our heads just a moment. And prophet said, "Come here, oh God, author of life, giver of every good gift. Send thy blessings upon this woman who I bless in thy name. And may the spirit get the right of way in her life just now. And may the enemy leave her in Jesus Christ's name. I ask it to leave all those in here who are suffering with artist at this moment. May it come out and go into outer darkness. I adure thee to go. Now you are healed. Now you are healed. The bride of Jesus Christ in Elkton, you are healed. Brother Ron, you are healed. I am healed. Amen. Maybe I have problem with my godlather but I am healed. Amen. Because he said then in Isaiah 53 by his stripes we are healed. Amen. Brothers and sisters, we have to come to the same visions as Isaiah did. That was not only for Isaiah because we know that the book of Isaiah is a type for the whole Bible. Amen. In every church age, not only in the Old Testament, but today there's the same the same power in the Bible, the same power in the presence of the Lord. Oh, brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Show us the father and it will satisfy us. The lady has got trouble. It's on her chest. It's the growth. It's can cancerous growth. She'd have some operation or something for it and it is coming back. Growths on her chest that will finally kill the woman. She's showed with death. If that's right, lady, wave your hand. Now, do you believe now being dead? You might know, watch devil power work. This woman actually on this here while I am still in the spirit. It's a tumor sort of a thing. Is that right? Right here says another person woman sitting right here with a tummer tumor. Is that right lady? If it is r raise up your hand but besides that you've got diabetes also. Raise up your hand. See that spirit of darkness pulling across here them two demons trying to catch one another calling for help. But the power of God now above every doubt in here has written. Oh brothers and sisters, who we are, what a power is in church. Everything what was in father he poured out to his son. Everything what was in in in son he poured out into the bride. Amen brothers and sisters but we it is our I don't know why I can't understand it but we as a people as a human beings our comfort zone is just to complain how weak we are we have nothing or we are just message believers people they leave us people they leave the message but brothers and sisters We have to to go out of our comfort zone and to go in come in to his comfort zone. Amen. Do you remember this story when when uh when disciples they were in ship in the boat and the waves came but the ship was their comfort zone. Amen. But that was another comfort zone was coming. That was Jesus Christ himself. Oh, they maybe they try to hold on. You know the sheep. Oh, this is our comfort zone. No, brothers and sisters, your church is not your comfort zone. Your seat is not your comfort zone. Jesus Christ, his presence tonight, this is your comfort zone. Come to him. Just come to him. And prophet said, "Now do you believe the same message? Is God in his people?" You say, "God is in you, brother Branham. Not only me. It is in her and in her too." Whoa. The prophet said in her not in him, in her. Yes, sister. He is in you. He is in you, sister. He is in you sisters as he is in brothers because he is still the same. Oh, praise the Lord. Here is the Holy Spirit here which is infallible. There is a power of death in both of both of them and them two deaths are trying to cooperate together while the power of God's revealing it opening it up and showing that he loves them women or what the power is in real life if you can love your children and you can love your wife your your husband your parents your brother see your sister your pastor there is a Power power in a real love, brother and sisters. Not just to repeat. Oh, we love brothers. We love sisters. God bless you. God bless you. But we have to have real love in us. He wants them to be healed. Do you believe it? He wants you to be healed. Do you believe it? He wants to give you a sign. Not just a sign that pope from the states in on on the throne in Vatican. That's good sign. But there is another sign for you. Behold the virgin will conceive and will bear a son. Not just the son but son of sons. And his name will will be Emmanuel. It means God with us. Where is God tonight? In his bride, in his church. Oh brother and sisters, are we part of the same revelation? From the time I love this stories is something more than stories for me. And you know this quote when prophet said what's the matter soldier boy you know got he stopped the prophet because there was a young man so confused in his life he was almost to commit suicide and god he stopped prophet and he started to say what's the matter sir boy you are not going to commit su suicide. The devil's lying to you, boy. You've only got a phobia. He's lying to you. He will drive you insane if you believe him. We cannot believe him. We have to believe God. And God is here Sunday after Sunday, Saturday after Saturday. Wednesday after Wednesday. He's reminding us that he is with us. Oh brother and sister, he has we are part of his vision. We are not part of vision of brother Ron or brother Robert. We are not even part of vision of brother Brham. We are part of vision of our heavenly father. Hallelujah. Oh praise the lord. deny him. Renounce the devil. I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to renounce the devil and accept Jesus Christ as your healer. You'll go back and be a gentleman and a real real man. Do you do it? Raise up your hands to God and say, "Praise God. That's right. Oh, amen." Now go home and be well. Very simple. Go home and be well. Maybe someone will say ah this is this is only words. But brothers and sisters I believe that God's words not human not words from our carnality our mind our intellect but God's words. Amen. They have a power real power. Do you believe that? And you know I am sure but I want just to to tell it when prophet said uh acts of the holy spirit that was 1954 I think. Yes brother December. And he said about pope from the states and he said in this time the time will be glorious time for church. Amen. Glorious time for church. That was December 1954. Nine nine month later in Chicago was born Leon 14. That was like a seed. He said it. He preached it. And he preached also that you are the bride of Jesus Christ. You are the bride of Jesus Christ. You are something more than just a member of me church. You have very good pastor. I appreciate his friendship really. And I am honest. But brothers and sisters, your pastor, he had to have his own experience. You have to have your own experience. You cannot entered heaven showing experience of your pastor. You have to show your experience. What is your experience? your revelation not not your understanding in intellectual understanding but your revelation in your heart who you are. Oh the the powerful enemy is here. But this powerful enemy started to cry out oh help me help me. Another power is here. Another force is here. Oh more than delta force. Another force is here. Force from heaven. Can you say amen? Amen. Let's stand on your feet. I would like to as a musician to instruments, brothers and sisters when brother Andrew he invited me to come when I said okay if you want I am you know just a simple brother from Poland with my simple broken English but he said no problem brother don't think about it that was the subject that already came to my heart. That was maybe two months ago, maybe three months ago. I don't remember exactly. But when we were talking with brother Andrew that that came to my heart to share with you these thoughts to encourage you to encourage you brothers and sisters because he is here. Jesus Christ is here and we are needy people. You know sometimes we are so shameshamed that oh we are needy people. We are 30 years in the message. Yes, don't shame brother. We are needy people and still we will be needy people in these bodies. But we have to recognize who we are. Not only who is Mr. Putin, who is Donald Trump, who is uh Leon 14. No brothers and sisters, what is there in Middle East? That's good to know about it. But all news are about it. But there is another Fox News from heaven to show you who you are. What is happening right now in heaven. There is a great battle for you and for me to help us to take our position. So while we are in his presence, brothers and sisters, just pray together. If you have any need in your life, on your heart, maybe your children, maybe your parents, maybe your brother, your sister, your husband, your wife, I don't know, maybe your cousin, maybe your friend, maybe someone, your neighbor. You can raise your hands up. You can raise your hand. God bless you. God bless you brother. God bless you brother. God bless you sister. We are in his presence. Just pray together. Just tell him about your problem. Just tell him that you need him more and more. Then you need to come to the seventh chapter of Isaiah. Heavenly Father, we are so thankful for your presence tonight. Oh Lord, you are still the same, yesterday, today, and forever. Oh, I can feel your presence, your sweet presence. And you said us through your prophet that when you come on the scene everything something good is on the way. So bless my brothers, bless my sisters, everyone who was able to raise his or her hand. Oh, bless them in a special way. Bless brother Ron in a special way. Oh Lord Jesus, just please give him more power, more power to overcome this powerful enemy. His name is cancer. But the name of our king, Lord of hosts is Jesus Christ. And this name is more powerful name. So we pray in the name of Jesus Christ. You cancer you are defeated enemy. You tumor you any problem you are defeated enemy because we are the bride of Jesus Christ. We came through Isaiah 1, Isaiah 2, Isaiah 6 and now we come to Isaiah 7. And we recognize that Emmanuel is in us. Thank you, Father. Thank you for this church. I commit everything into your hands for your glory. Hallelujah. Lord, your presence is so sweet. Oh, bless my brothers and sisters in a special way. Oh Lord, have you made if I made any mistake in my English, please forgive me. But I want to be focused only on your language of the word of revealed word. In the name of Jesus Christ, we commit everything into your hands. Amen. Amen. And brothers and sisters, that was Isaiah 7. Then was Isaiah 53, Isaiah 66. And now we are in in Luke chapter 4. And he Jesus Christ, he came. You know the fruit of what God said through Isaiah mouth in seventh chapter that was word manifested in flesh. And he came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me." because he had anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He had sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to captives and recovering of sight, to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he closed the book. And he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears." And he began. and the bride his continuation of of those what he be began. So now you brother, you sister, you can say this day, this scripture is f fulfilled in our eyes. When he said about the bride and she will be we without wrinkle without spot. Can you say this day this scripture is fulfilled in me? In me. Brothers and sisters, when he said that they will come and the bride will be raptured to meet him in the air, can you say tonight, this day, this scripture is already fulfilled in me? Because the rapture is not only the the event in the future. The rapture is the person of Jesus Christ and he is here. Whatever is your problem while we are in his presence, you can touch him. You can touch him. You can receive something from him because he is still the same yesterday, today and forever. Oh brother and sisters, do we know the song mercy rewrote my life? God's mercy rewrote my life. Oh brother and sisters, God he started not to read only Isaiah 1:1, Isaiah 2:1, Isaiah 6. But he he then he wrote Isaiah 7, behold the virgin will conceive and bear a son and they will call him his name Emmanuel. He wants to give you a sign, brother. Don't wait too long. Yes, brother. You sister, don't wait too long. You young sister, don't wait too long. He wants to give you a true sign. His life in your soul. May God bless you. Let's sing this song. Oh God mercy rule my life. Oh God's mercy reu my life. Oh, I should have fallen. Oh, my soul has good mercy re. [Music] Sing it again. Oh God's mercy re my life. [Music] Oh God's mercy re. Oh, I should have fallen my soul. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Well, I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me [Music] from every fear. Those who look gone our rad [Music] cry and the Lord heard me. Who has saved me from? Oh, my enemy. [Applause] Oh, the son of God surrounds his s. He will deliver me. He will deliver me. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come on. His name [Music] glorify the Lord with me. Oh glory [Music] his name forever. [Music] Oh taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he or who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, what he say? He'll give you everything. [Music] He'll give you everything. Oh, [Music] come on his name today. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Oh, coming is made for [Music] let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending grace. Oh, may our rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending grace. May our riches rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night [Music] will magnify [Music] the Lord with me. [Music] coming down his name. Would you care? Glorify [Music] the Lord. Oh come exalt his name. Oh glory. Oh magnify magnify [Music] the Lord with me. Oh come on his name together. [Music] Oh glorify the Lord with me. Oh come his name. Oh hey. Amen. Give the Lord praise in the house of God this evening. Aren't you so thankful that you can see yourself in the vision in the position that you were called to be in. Amen. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Well, victory is mine. Oh, the victory today. It is my my life. Well, I told Satan, you want to get the behind. Cause the victory today. It is mine. Well, I woke up this morning. No, I did not have a doubt. See, I knew that the Lord would bring me out. Oh, so I got down on my knees. Well, I said, "Lord, help me please." Well, like I love singing and shout victory. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. We're alive. Oh, Satan, you better keep behind. Oh, the victory. You're dismissed this evening. God bless you. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, the victory is mine. Oh, victory today. It is mine. will lie to Satan. You better leave behind cuz the victory today is mine.
