################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Man in the Arena - Bro. Ron Spencer on  April 27th, 2025 - Ron Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-27
Title:    "The Man in the Arena" - Bro. Ron Spencer on  April 27th, 2025
Speaker:  Ron Spencer
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VRqujpDbEeY
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Lou. Hey. Hey. [Music] Getting high. [Music] Behold him right here. Shining like the sun and the trumpets calling for the year of jubilee and out of Zion's will salvation come. These are the days of Elijah preparing the word of the Lord. And these are the days of serving Moses righteousness being restored. And those days these are days of great trial of famine and darkness and sorrow. Still we are the voice in the desert crying prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold he come riding on the cloud was shining like the sun at the trumpets calling your Lord. The year of jubilee and our desires his salvation come. These are the days of his cure. The dry bones becoming as flame. And these are the days of the servant David rebuilding the temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as white in your word. And we are the laborers in your declare ye the word of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on a cloud, shining like sun and the trumpets calling your voice. The year of jubilee and out of his salvation come. There's no God. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold God riding on clouds will shining like sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. The year of Jubilee and Adessa is here. Oh, let's sing it. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no like Jehovah. [Music] Oh, shining like sun. Oh, your name. Oh, lift your voice. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Behold, he comes riding on cloud shining like the sun. Oh, at the trumpets calling the year of Jubilee and our desire [Music] sal. Amen. and give the Lord a hand clap of praise. For there's no God like Jehovah. See the bright light shine. Amen. Oh, there's a light in the window. Tables spread in splendor. Oh, someone standing by. Open door. Well, I can see the crystal river. Lord, I must be here forever. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about hold time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Well, I can see the family gathering. Street faces are familiar. No, only feeble anymore. Oh, this a lonesome heart is pride. Think I'll spread my wings to fly. Lord, I've never been this whole city before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about time. Well, I can't see my father standing at the door. This whole world's been wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never Let's sing out verse two again. Well, I can't see the van gathering. Sweet face is all familiar. No one's old and feeble anymore. Oh, this a lonesome heart is right. Think I'll spread my wings and fly. Lord, I've never been there before. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, it's just about hold time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never Oh, see the bright light shine. Oh, see the bright light shine. Well, let's just about hold tight. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. Think I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this whole sick before. Amen. And are you homesick this morning? Amen. Let's sing that song. He turned graves into [Music] gardens. I searched the [Music] world, but he couldn't feel [Music] the man's empty praise. Treasures that faith are never enough. Oh, then you came along. Oh, and put me back together. And every desire is now satisfied here in your love. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, there's nothing. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than [Music] you. Well, I'm not [Music] afraid to show you my weakness. Oh, my failures and flaws. Lord, you seen them all and you still call me free. Oh, God of the mountain is still God in the valley. And there's not a place your mercy and grace won't find me again. Oh, there's [Music] nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing that's better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Oh, there's nothing Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing that's better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. [Music] You turn morning to dancing. You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who cares. You turn morning to dancing. [Music] You give beauty for ashes. You turn shame into glory. You're the only one who cares. You turn graves into garden. You turn bones into aries. You turn seas into highways. You're the only one who gave one. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than Oh, there's nothing. Oh, there's nothing better than you, Lord. There's [Music] nothing better than you, Lord. There's nothing nothing is better than you. Amen. As they play that softly, let's go to the prayer requests this morning. We have many needs that are amongst us. Want to continue to lift up each and every one of our elderly ones that can't be in service with us. We just pray for them. We want to continue to just remember our pastor that God would just strengthen and touch his body this morning. We want to pray for sister Donna Ber, brother Tom Ber's wife. God would just drive out that cancer in her body as well. Want to lift up our brother Bill and sister Teresa Delaney that God would just touch them and their bodies and their situations that they have. Want to remember our sister Sue Lambert that God would just continue to heal her, touch her and her leg there. Also be lifting up Sister Lorie Snow there with that um uh situation that she had. She's still in the hospital. She's got a long road ahead of her, but we're expecting great things. Brother Ron, Brother Andrew, and church family, I have a special unspoken request tomorrow that I need God to move on. Continue to remember my family and your prayers. Thank you, Sister Barbara Gregory. Amen. Please keep my grandparents uh in your prayers. Their home in New York had an electric fire and was complete loss. Thankful everyone made it out safely, but they are having a hard time with it all. Thank you, brother Mason. Amen. Just be remembering that family [Music] there. Want to remember sister Sarah Hinkle's mother in prayer. She was having some health issues there. So, we're going to pray for her this morning as well. And uh we had a request for Sister Julia last night. We see her here in the house of the Lord. So we thank the Lord for that. That God touched her body there. How many would have an unspoken request? Say, "Lord, just pass by my way this morning." Amen. We know our God can just meet each and every need, don't we? I'm ask brother William Borivan just come pray over these needs for us [Music] today. Amen. Let's bow our heads in our hearts. Dear most gracious heavenly father, Lord, we come before you in prayer. Lord, we come to you as your children, Lord, knowing that with you all things are possible, Lord, and all power in heaven and earth is given unto you. Lord, we look unto you, the author and the finisher of our faith, Lord. And we just want to glorify your name and express our love to you, Father. Lord, we just want to humble ourselves before you in your presence even now, and ask that you forgive us of all of our sins. Forgive us of every mistake, Lord, every wrong thought, word, or deed. Father Lord, we just repent even now and ask that the blood of Jesus so cover us, Father. Lord, Lord, we're taught by your prophet, Lord, that when you look down, Lord, at all of our mistakes, Lord, when they're put under the blood, Lord, all you see is white. You just see the righteousness, Lord. Far be it not our righteousness, which is as filthy rags before you, but Lord, the very righteous life of Jesus Christ, that perfect life, Lord, that was slain in ourstead. You took your you took our sin upon you, Father. Lord, you were sinless. You were spotless. And you were perfect. And that's what made you so acceptable, Lord, is that you were the perfect lamb of God. And Lord, we put, Lord Jesus, all of our faith, Lord, on that perfection even now. Lord, we lift up your name, Lord, in this service. We lift up every request, Lord, that was made, Lord, by mention, Father, and by raise of by an uplifted hand. Lord, you know every request, Lord. this natural life that we live, Lord, is just so full of testings and trials and situations of life that we come to. But Lord, how thankful we are that we don't face these things alone, Lord. That you carry us through the hard times, that you lead us and you guide us, Lord. We may not always see the end, but Lord, we just follow you step by step, Lord. And we just have faith in you. And we trust you that you're going to work all things out together for the good, Lord, to them that love you and to the called according to your purpose. We just ask Lord that you go every over every situation Lord over every detail of life Lord that you have your way that you keep us sensitive to the leadership of your Holy Spirit. Heal all the sick Lord. Save the lost. Fill those with the Holy Ghost that need it. Lord, as we see the day approaching, Lord, where you're going to come and take us home. And Lord, now for our pastor, Lord, we ask that you give him a special touch this morning. Lord, you understand and you know every detail of the fight that he's in, Lord. even the fight that it takes to stand here and minister your word. But he as a faithful servant, Lord, stands here weekly and delivers his heart, Father, Lord, and preaches your word to us. We ask, oh God, that you bless him in a special way. Now strengthen them. May the en may the kingdom of Satan, Father, be beaten back and defeated this morning because your word can defeat Satan any place, any time, anywhere, under any circumstances. And as your word goes forth, Lord, may we apply it to our lives and defeat the enemy. Lord, you've given us everything we have need of, and we thank you for that, have your way in this service in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this morning's offering. You give as God's blessed you. We have brother Jordan Robinson come sing for us this morning, as well as Sister Whitney Breeden. She'll prepare to come sing. Let's sing that song. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Aren't you glad that he set you free? Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free and I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, oh Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. My Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Sing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm so glad my Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad. Oh Jesus lifted me, singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. On my way to heaven, shouting the victory. Oh, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Amen. You can be seated, brother Jordan. I don't know how to say exactly how I feel. I can't begin to tell you what your love has meant. I'm lost for words. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are, my dearest friend. Lord, this is my desire to pour my love on you. Like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish mine on you till every drop is gone. I pour my love on you. Is there a way to show the passion in my heart? Can I express how truly great I think you are my dearest friend? Lord, this is my [Music] desire to pour my love on you like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink. Oh, like water from my heart. Oh, I'll pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish mine on you till every drop is gone. I pour my love like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. Oh, I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish mine on you till every drop is gone. I pour my love on you. [Music] Oh, I pour my love on [Music] you. Yeah. Yeah. Like oil upon your feet, like a wine for you to drink, like a water from my heart. Oh, I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish mine on you till every drop is gone. I pour my love like oil upon your feet, like wine for you to drink, like water from my heart. I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish my on you. Every drop is gone. I pour my love like oil upon your feet like wine for you to drink. Like water from my heart. I pour my love on you. If praise is like perfume, I lavish mine on you. Till every drop is gone. I pour my love on [Music] you. I pour my love on you. I pour my love on you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] When I walk through deep waters, I know that you will be with [Music] me when I'm standing in the [Music] Higher. I will not be overcome through the valley of the [Music] shadow. I will not fear. I am not alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave me. I am not alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave [Music] me. In the midst of deep [Music] sorrow, I see your light is breaking [Music] through. The dark of night will not overtake [Music] me. I am pressing into you. Lord, you find my every battle. And I will not fear cuz I am not [Music] alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave me. I am not [Music] alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave me. [Music] You're my strength. You're my defender. You're my refuge in the storm. Through these trials, you've always been faithful. You bring healing to my soul. And I am not alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave me. I am not alone. I am not alone. You will go before me. You will never leave me. [Music] Hallelujah. What a powerful promise our Lord Jesus Christ has given to us. Amen. It's always been one of my favorite scriptures that I'll never leave thee nor forsake thee. To think that you're not walking alone in this battle. It gives you a assurance to know that you can go the rest of the way. Amen. Aren't you thankful to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Would you stand with us this morning as we get ready to change order the service and begin to invite our brother Ron to come and minister to us today? Have a very special day here today. We have a renewal of vows after the preaching of the word today and we want to just welcome all of our special guests here today. Amen. Key of F, Sister Cassie. Amen. Just have this song with my heart. I don't have enough voice to sing it, but I I know I got some good singers in the house that maybe just help us today. Oh, ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention? Well, I would like to introduce to you. Oh, in this corner of the good and the right stands a champion road in [Music] wide. Oh, his high exceeds the heavens. His weight is the world. His reach reaches everywhere. His age is ever more. He's higher than the heights. He's gater than the grave. No one could ever take his crown away. He is more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. Oh, he left this hometown. Oh, to enter this story, God. Oh, to raise his hands in victory for you and me. Oh, an angry crowd cried, "Crucify!" This king who wore the crown as they gladly watched a champion go down. Oh, but I will never for count him out. For I'm a witness of the day he rose to reclaim the church beyond love and he's higher than the highest. He's gater than the grace. No one could ever take his ground away. He is more mighty than the mightiest and he reigns from above. He's the alltime undisputed undefeated champion of love. Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Lord, I want to love you. Oh Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have before. God bless you, brother, as you come. You're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Oh Lord, I want to love you more than I ever am before. Oh, you're so easy to adore. to love. Let's just sing it one more time this morning. Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you more. Good morning. So love you with all of my heart. So good to see each and every one of you here this morning. And Amen. Looking forward to a wonderful day. And he's already been good to me already. And uh I just want to say what a wonderful service here last night and uh if you missed it, go back and listen to it. It was just absolutely wonderful. We had great meetings in Louisiana and uh they did in New Zealand and so so we're just so thankful for for what God has done and uh so good to be home. So good to be home and so good to see each and every one of you. We want to remind you we have a a wedding just after the service here and we'll just join right in with that a renewal for brother Melvin and sister Isabella and also also next week we have a wedding and uh they're not here this morning are they? And so we have a wedding rehearsal on Friday night and then on Saturday. Do you know what time that is? Amen. Well, that might be nice for me and you to find that out, wouldn't it? Yeah. And so, hey, am I 12? Well, I'll try to be here. I'll try to be I'll try to be a few minutes early, too, Sister Crystal. Amen. Thank I wanted to thank everybody that's in my notes here. Thank everybody that's helping with that. And I know some of you are going to be taking the seats up after service today. And and uh so, thank you. Thank you for all of that. And Amen. I have a special friend here. I want to greet her in just a few minutes. And uh we're just so glad to have each and every one of you with us today. And Amen. Amen. Well, why don't why don't you just be seated just a moment. I mean this from the bottom of my heart. One of my greatest heroes is here today. and we have been connected for a long time. And I said I would dance at her wedding when she was a very crippled girl and was crawling on the floor. And now that now that little girl has grown up and Alexander, you better be a good boy. But she's in law school and doing extremely well. And brother Hunter, Sister Katie, you know all about the tolls of that. And uh I'd like to introduce you my hero, Sister Ella. Would you come? We're a long way from crawling on a floor. Hi, D. How are you? I'm so good. Surprise. I so love you. Thank you. Can you come up? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How you doing? I'm doing really good. I'm doing really good. Doing really good. I love you, too. I better hug you, too. I love you. I'm proud of you. Thank you for hollering at me the other day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just to give you a story. What was the disease you were born with? I have cerebral palsy. Cerebral pausy. Yeah. And she was in a very afflicted condition as a child. And they would send me they would send me movies of her crawling on the floor, making her way and and she'd be quoting what I told her and crawling. And look where we are today. We we have a God of miracles and and uh and so if you've never seen a miracle and you've never seen a fighter, right? Here's a fighter. We're both fighters. Amen. She called me the day that she was going to get her driver's license. I was never so happy in my life. I danced. I was in my office when she called me and I danced all over the place. Told the devil, "That's in your eye, devil." Yeah. That was a miracle. Yeah. For those that don't know, she is s brother and sister Biscll's granddaughter. And so we just love we love her with all of our hearts. And please give her a great big hand. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hallelujah. [Applause] Well, I heard we was having special guest. That'll do. Y'all can be special guest anytime. And so we, you know, I was kind of rude. I told who her grandparents was, but this is brother Jackie Benton's grandson. Amen. Give him a hand, [Applause] too. I told her I told her, "You've got to marry a prince." And and what do you know? She found one. Yeah. And so, we just we just so love them with all of our hearts. And Amen. so thankful for what God has done for them. And Amen. So, you know, just take that devil. Just take that. He wants to destroy our lives. And, you know, God just allows us just to raise Reich up with by his strength. And Amen. Amen. You have also proved the devil wrong. Everything that he said about you and you're still here. You're still here. Amen. Amen. We love you with all of our hearts. And so good to see each and every one of you today. Well, I spoke the first part of this last week at at camp, but I I want to speak to you this morning on another part of the man in the arena. Amen. I I'll just I'll just read this for you real quickly while I'm while I'm here and I'm trying to fight tears. Teddy Roosevelt for many of you know that I he was a hero of mine in in history. Not like Ella. Ella's really a hero of mine. But Teddy Roosevelt was a kind of man that was born with a defect and his was he couldn't see very far. And so he couldn't play ball like everybody else could play and cuz he couldn't catch. And so so he went into boxing. His father, they were a very rich family and his father wanted him to to go into boxing. And so it was actually told to him by some of the people around him that he would never be anything in life. Well, that's the best way to have something. You'll never be nothing in life. Come on. Well, Tim Puit's a good example. When they told him he'd never be nothing in life, he shook the world. and and Teddy was told that he would he would never be nothing in life because he couldn't see well. And so he could see about 20 feet and so he so they would he would wear glasses but he would box and he became became quite a boxer. our prophet became quite a boxer. And and so he he would be get into the political arena. And then in the political arena, he would begin to make speeches. And one of the speeches that that that became so popular was the man in the arena speech. And this is a portion of that. And and just to give you a little background, he was given this speech in one particular place. And uh you can correct me if I'm wrong on this. Believe it was in Chicago and a man shot him point blank. Literally wanted to assassinate him. And so, you know, if you ever want to do something good, somebody's out there to try to destroy you. And so this man shot him point blank. Well, because of his because of his glasses, they had a real heavy metal uh glass case in his pocket, in his suit coat. And uh he also wore three-piece suits. And so he had a heavy metal and he had had a had a had speech inside of that as well in his pocket. And the man shot him and shot him right through that glass case. Went through his speech and then lodged in his chest. and blood began to run down through his down his legs and and he said, "Well, I've been shot." And so everybody wanted to take him to into the hospital and get him care real quick. And he said, "No, I came to give a speech. I want to give my speech before I go to the hospital." Shot in the chest. That's courage. I think that's I think America needs more men like that. men of courage. And he says, "It is not the critic who counts. It is not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could could have done better." The critic, the credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena. I think that's a phenomenal statement. whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood. Who strives valiantly, who hes, who often, who comes up short again and again because there is no effort without error or short shortcoming. But who does actually strive to do the deeds? Who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself in a worthy cause. Who at best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement? Or who at the worst? If he fails, at least he fails while daring greatly. So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who never know victory or defeat. For those that have watched the service last week, that had been on my heart for literally weeks to speak at brother Tim Puitz. So, we walk into the morning skit and what do you know? They have a ring and the name of the play was Man in the Arena. And so, we go to eat and we go eat crawfish. I'm sorry I'm taking too much time, but you can fire me if you want to. And so, we we go to eat and we go eat crawfish, which is about an hour away. And so, five of us ministers was in the car. Brother Matt, Brother Matt McGary, and then Brother Matt Watkins was in the car with Brother Kelly Hildebrandt and myself and Brother Tim. And brother Matt Watkins was sitting in the back and he says, "Hey, Brother Tim, this morning I woke up with this on my heart." And he said, "I sent it to all my family." And he said, "I I sent it to the church." And he said, he said, "I I want to encourage you with this speech this morning." and he began to read the man in the arena. What I just read to you, I just raised my hands. I knew that's what I was preaching last Sunday and what I was preaching this morning. So, whether you know it or not, we are the man in the arena. We are the man in the arena. Every one of us, not just myself, but every one of us have stepped out from our comfort zones. That's right. Listen, this world is not our home and we're not comfortable here. But we will overcome. Amen. God bless you this morning. If you could stand with me, Brother Kenny, God bless you. So glad to have you. So enjoyed that song last night. Amen. Amen. For those that don't know, brother Kenny Caps, you hear his father was a was in brother Brandham's meetings and one of brother Brandham's was associate pastor or was he an associate pastor there. Yeah. And then he had his own church there. So, Amen. That's his father. He comes from a great great legacy as well. So glad to have you guys with us. And Amen. in the house of the Lord. Amen. Psalms 91 and verse one. Amen. I read the first verse and you read the second. We'll go through it. Psalms 91 verse one. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the almighty. God. Surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noise and pestilence. shall be shield. Thou shalt not be afraid for the terror by night, nor the arrow that fl by day. A thousand shall fall at thy side, and 10,000 at thy right hand, but it shall not come nigh thee. Because thou hast made the Lord, which is my refuge, even the most high, thy habitation. For he shall give his angels charge over thee, to keep thee in all thy ways. Thou thou shalt tread upon the lion and the add the young lion and the dragon shall thou trample trample under thy feet. He shall call upon me and I will answer him. I will be with him in trouble. I will deliver him and honor him. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we love you today with all of our hearts. It is so good to be in the house of the Lord and to be with such special friends that are here. Lord, I ask you that you would anoint this this message today. Lord, you know our hearts. You know exactly what we need. Now, Father, I pray that you would just come and give me the strength that I need to stand here and speak the gospel of Jesus Christ. Lord, we do this to help your children. Lord, I just pray that you would just minister to us in a in a special way. Father, while the word is going forth, I believe that you can fill us with the Holy Ghost. Lord, I believe that you can heal our diseases, that you can touch our hearts, minister to us in a special way. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen and amen. You can be seated. We realize that we have all have an enemy. And when God built our enemy, you can imagine God built an enemy to to show the show the other side of him to bring out of him, bring out of him love, bring out of him being a savior. It was all it was a law of opposites if we could say it like that. Light, darkness, love, hate. You get the point. So, we realize that God didn't build us a enemy. He didn't build us a paper tiger to have to fight with. He built us an enemy that would always think he would win. Amen. He reads the same book that we read. The book says he's going to be destroyed and thrown into outer darkness. He will have an end. The book says that we don't have an end. The book says that we're the overcomers of the age. That's what it says. I like reading about myself. The book says that we shall overcome. Amen. Yeah. The Bible says that he places thousands of angels with us. And it's not just today on Sunday, but it's with us every day. Now, I want you to understand this. God allows you to go through trials and tests. Every son that comes to God has first got to be tried, has first got to be chassened. Because this mortal life that we're going through is the only time that you're going to develop character. That's right. Character is the only thing that you're going to take with you. Character is a victory. Now, remember this. We got to always keep this in this in our minds. God pre-planned us. He watched over even our chemicals that were in the earth. He pre-planned your birth. He pre-planned what you would be like. Even even in fighting the complexes that you would have, he knew all of that. And in his pre-planning, let me just say, he doesn't plan to lose. Remember our enemy was the right hand of heaven. War took place in heaven and Satan was cast into the earth. This is the place that he reigns. God put a perfect Eden right in the middle of what Satan was trying to reign. And he put a son of God on the earth as an amateur god over top of it all. Are you with me? Sure, Adam fell. Sure, Adam fell. And but God had a plan. God just didn't say, "Oh my, what a I'm going to have to remake the whole thing." God had a plan. understand in the deepest, darkest valleys that you're going through, God has a plan. I said this last week, the word of God is superior to all of your feelings. [Music] Are you with me? feel scared, feel terrified, feel horrified by the situations that you're in. God's word is greater than every one of those feelings. Every one of us feel fear. Every one of us feel anxiety. Every one of us come against things that we're we're not wanting to have to go through. I got surgery in a couple of weeks. I'm not looking forward to it at all. Much angst that's about it. But God said he'd be with me. I want you to understand what Satan's fighting you for. There's a reason he's fighting you. He's got the drunk. He's got the prostitute. He's got false preachers. He's got the religious. But he's fighting you for your position. Not for the place that you're sitting in your church, but where your position is in Christ. He lost his. So, he's fighting you for yours. Now, Brother Ron, but I'm a nobody. Really? A Christian has more power and more authority than an angel that is in heaven. Are you with me? I'm just dropping you oneliners here just for a few moments to get you on base. I want you to understand Satan knows that if you use your authority on him, he's in trouble. Yeah. As long as you battle Satan with your feelings, with your mind, with your tongue, with your natural negative spirit, you'll never whip him. This is not a hope. So, this is not a, you know, try to get your mind fixed in a certain way, you know, to have positive feelings. You got to take the word of God. Amen. In your position and know who you are. Now, this is the important part. It's important to know who your pastor is. It's important to know who your who the prophet was of this age. But you got to know who you are. Now, first of all, you were in the military. They just didn't sign you up just to look good. You had a job to do. God just didn't pick you to come here and be some flimfl. God's going to have overcomers. Are you with me now? Now he has given you the best weapon that he could give you is the word of God. The scripture says that heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will never pass away. That's right, brother Ron. I'd like for my day to start getting better. Start quoting the scripture. Start singing a song. I don't care how bad you feel. Just start quoting the scriptures one right after another. Listen, read your Bible and pray. Don't forget to pray. Are you with me now? The battleground is in your mind. God chose that. Listen, that's the way it is. That's the way it is. That's set in order. You're going to have to fight with the negative spirits. You're gonna have to fight with things that come in your mind. Jealousies. You're gonna have to fight with those things. That's that's in the natural nature. You're going to have to fight with negative thoughts that come there. But you fight with the word of God. And God will give you victory over death, sickness, and unbelief. Brother Bram said, "Separate yourself from kindreds, from your peoples. Separate from your your associates. Separate from your habits. Separate from everything and come out and stand alone before God. That's not in a partnership. There's only one who will walk with you, and that's him who made the statement." You said it. The Lord Jesus, he's the one that'll trobe the valley with you. He'll go through every brier patch and climb every mountain. If you become a Christian, every redemptive blessing of God belongs to you. I want you to I want you to catch this. It's yours. everyone. The scripture says, "I wish above all things that you would prosper and be in health." Are you with me, Brother Ron? But I just struggle alone. Trust God with everything in your life. You've got to have to. You have a right to claim it. Watch what he says. If you let Satan push you over in a corner, watch what he says. That's up to you. Amen. But brother, stand toe to toe with the scripture and say, "It is written." That's right. That's the way the Lord did it. And any man, I don't care, you might be a weak Christian. You don't need people coming through with gifts of healing. You don't need these other things. The only thing that you need to do is take God at his word and stand toeto toe. Stand toeto toe with Satan and you'll defeat him on that ground. He said, "Did you ever think of it that most men who ever do anything great for the kingdom of God stand alone?" Did you ever think of it? You have to stand by yourself. Jesus stood alone. And all down through the ages, other men stood alone. He's going to name some off. Finey, Sanki, Knox, Calvin, Abraham Lincoln. Let me just say, sometimes we just forget it, but Abraham Lincoln was an outsider. Elected as the president of the United States of America. He had new defeats. He had lost 11 different elections before he ran for the president of the United States of America and he won. And I want you to understand then he won and then every target was against him. Do you realize that? Even brother Doug, I just I just feel you pulling right here. But even he didn't take the train that would take him to Washington straight away cuz he knew they would try to assassinate him. And so he took another train that took him through New York and brought him down because there was 11 different assassination attempts on him before he ever got to Washington. Amen. Think about that. They were trying to destroy him. Listen, we recognize him as one of the greatest presidents that ever lived. But they hated him. Listen, you're the queen of heaven. You're the queen of heaven. You're on your way to the throne. Not just from Chicago to Washington, but you're on your way to the throne and you've got way more than 11 different attempts on your life. Satan would destroy you every day. If he could, I've read this before. We shall fight on the beaches. We shall fight on the landing grounds. We shall fight in the fields, in the streets. We shall fight on the hills. We shall never surrender. We will never surrender. We will fight for our families. You have it. Strong family is not an accident. You got to fight for it. We will fight for our children. I had three. I didn't want to give one up. Not to the devil. Are you with me now? That's right. I'd rather have my children here serving God than to be an actor. or to be some great star in the sports world or to be in the political arena. When you look over at your children sitting here worshiping the Lord with you, that's a victory. I want to say it. That's worth fighting for. We will fight for deliverance. We will fight for joy. We will fight for peace. We will fight for the Holy Ghost. We will fight until our bodies are changed. And we're sitting at the marriage supper of the lamb. I can't wait. Can you? Amen. Psalms chapter 27 and verse one. If we could put that up. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? The Lord is the strength of my life of whom shall I be afraid? Yes, I'm placing emphasis on it. You need to look at the devil and say, I don't have to fear you. When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes came up onto me to eat my flesh, they stumbled and fell. Though a host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear. Though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident. One thing that I have desired of the Lord, that will I seek after, that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life, to behold the beauty of the Lord, and to inquire in his temple. Let's read this next verse together. For in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. In the secret of his tabernacle shall he hide me, and he shall set me upon a rock. Brother Ram said, "Give me a preacher. Give me a Christian. Give me a housewife that's a Christian. Give me a farmer or a factory worker that'll put God first in everything." Are you with me? God don't want second place, third place, fourth place. That's right. God don't want you to serve him as a matter of convenience. He wants first place. We have committed our life to God. We have dedicated our life to God. Our overcoming is not an accident. Young people sitting here, I don't know the battles that you're going through, but it's worth it. I want to say it. It is worth it. Lord, I think about even this week I I I look at things and I'll just drop this in. I don't think it's no small accident that the Pope dies on Easter Sunday. I don't think it's no small accident that now our president has an audience with Zillinski in the Vatican and they're sitting there. It's a picture that's going around the world. A picture of our president and Zealinski setting in the Vatican talking about a war. You know, sometimes we're thinking the scriptur is going to be this or that or this or prophecy or that prophecy. you know what our nation represents and what we are and how that she is the the power force of what she will be and who Rome is and who Rome is and here in the same week as all of that Putin says he's ready for a the last war ready for the third world war and ready to attack the Western nations. That doesn't shake us. I want to say this to you. That doesn't shake us whatsoever. I don't care how quick his bombs are. I don't care how destructive his bombs are. The vision was America was blowed to craters. The difference is we're not going to be here. Are you with me? We're not going to be here. That's what the word said about us. Now, a contest is a test of strength. So you have an enemy that is designed to test your faith. Brother Shannon the prophet said that God drops a seed down inside of you about the size of a button. It ignites and comes to life. But that's not the end of the paragraph. And then Satan comes along and makes you prove it. Under understand the enemy is bringing out of you bringing out of you what you are. Are you with me? The enemy is so stupid. He's developing your character. Praise God. Now remember this. It's like in a boxing, you know, when they start a young man that's got incredible potential, they don't start him against Muhammad Ali. They start him against a thug. that can make his way around the ring and swing his arms, maybe has been a career fighter, you know, but he's he's not a winner. The reason they're doing that is so he can develop his skills and he trains. And you got to train for a contest. And you got to learn to spar. You got to learn to keep the punches off of you. Amen. Now, it's one thing you got to know how to give a punch, but you got to know how to take a punch. You got to know how to get back up. Brother Ron, but you're way out of place. Listen, you hear brother Brandham as a boxer. Listen, God was developing brother Brandham at a young age to fight not only in the natural realm. One day he's going to have to stand and preach the seals and fight in another realm. And he's got to know, brother Kenny, he can't be scared. Brother Bram said, they asked him, "Are are you scared?" And I'm paraphrasing, right? Are you afraid? He said, "No, the angel's with me." He said he would go with me. He'll be there in Finland. Are you with me now? He said he was training with a man that was named 62 Smith. That's right. He was about 30 to 40 pounds heavier, brother Brandham said, than him and he was trained against other guys. Now, Brother Brandham in his in his professional fights was 19 and0. He was undefeated. But in his sparring, Six Second Smith would hit him so hard he'd knock him out of the ring. And he would say, "You're going to kill me." He would hit him so hard till the blood would stop. He felt like he would hit him so hard and he would plead with him, "Don't hit me so hard." And Six Second Smith told him something that that was powerful. It'll do you good. Amen. It'll do you good. Listen, your trials that you have to go through. God don't send you against the toughest thing as a young Christian. Listen, first of all, Abraham had to learn the voice of God. And that's what you've got to learn. the voice of God over top of your impressions, over top of your feelings, over top of your opinions. You've got to appreciate coming into service and you yourself getting into it if nobody else is. Listen, cuz you're going to need it. You're going to need it. I'm not going to come home and fight your battles for you. You're going to have to fight it. Now, maybe maybe you don't have a battle, but there's some people have a battle just coming to church. I don't know if I even want to go or not because they've never learned the value of how powerful a service is. And I want you to understand, no two services are alike. No two sermons are alike. If you pull, listen, there's a major difference between pulling and being entertained. There's a major difference. Entertainment is I put a quarter in the offer and bless God, I want my blessing today. Listen, entertainment is is going to a Kenny Rogers conver convention concert. Couldn't find a word. You go there now, he's dead. You go, you find your seat. It's B11. You sit down in your seat. You're not worried if the sound is off. You sit down in your seat, you cross your arms, and he starts singing love songs. But you think you paid $35 for the ticket. You walk out. It was nothing nice. It don't do nothing really for you. Well, I don't like Kenny Rogers. Okay. You're a Washington Commander fan. Forgive me, internet. You're a Washington Commander fan. You drive three hours. You have trouble finding a parking place. Most likely you'll pay $25 for your parking place. Not that I know, but I know you will be scammed at least one time before you walk in cuz not everybody's angels at a ball game. Then you walk in, you find your place, you sit down, and you got the worst seat in the house. A poll is right in front of you and you lose. Good part. You lose 33-10, but you're still a fan. Yeah. You got your shirt on. You got your hat on. You got your flag in your hand. But you're standing with 88,000 other people. It didn't do you a whole lot of good. You just enjoyed the day. But when you come to church, the devil don't bother you going to those things. He don't get on your back. But put your tithes in the offering plate and the devil will get in your ear. What are they going to do with your money? What was they doing with your money? Somebody sit in your chair. It's too hot in here. How's Matthew's shoulder? He don't have that sling on. I'm worried about Matthew. Where's all these people coming from? I was happy when it was 80 of us. Change is coming, baby. Brother Brandham said, "I went into a football stadium." Had to preface all that. I went into a football stadium one day and I seen a a little sight tight thing hanging there on the wall and said that really struck me. It's not the size of the dog that's in the fight. It's the size of the fight that's in the dog. He said it's a battle. You've got to know your enemy and you've got to know your armor. And your armor is the word of God. And your enemy is something that that that'll try to reason against it. Listen to him as he prays. Satan, you can't hold them no more. They're God's children right now. And I'm bringing that before you. You have to take your hand off of their life. They belong to God now. And I claim them for him. I claim them as trophies of Christ. Love at Calvary. Now watch what he does. I challenge you to a debate even in prayer. Now, here's where I want to go. How many sick do we have here today? My hands up. I'm fighting just to preach to you. Yeah. Yeah. I want you to pray this prayer with me across your lips because that's the most powerful thing that you can do. Satan, you can't hold them no longer. They're children of God. And I'm bringing them right before you. You have to take your hand off of their life. They belong to God now. And I claim them for him. I claim them as trophies of Christ's love. I challenge you to a debate. You don't have any legal power. You don't have no power over them. You didn't have it in the first place. You was only bluffing them. And you was only bluffing. Christ Christ stripped you at Calvary. Of everything that you had. He stripped you. He stripped you of every power. And you're nothing but a bluff. And we're calling your blood in the name of Jesus Christ. [Applause] I wrote this down yesterday when that prayer just stood out to me. None of us and even now I didn't do that just for an exercise. We cannot imagine when we release these words the victory that is about to happen. Sister Ella, how many times did the devil whisper in your ear, "This is the way you'll always be." Sure he did. Sure he did. And you didn't listen to him. None. If you would have time to sit with Sister Ella. I sat with her family and brother Biscll was in good shape that day. And we were sitting on brother Tom's back porch and we were just talking about fighting the enemy. And sister Ella, this is no joke, went on a on at least a 15minute quoting scriptures and quotes of the prophet of God. I looked at brother Ed and I said, "Listen, there's more preachers that would like to have that in their life." And she said in that condition, "Listen, you take the word of God." And throw it in Satan's face. Come on, church. have a few more minutes for me. I want to give you a few examples. Brother Brandon was standing in Houston and Dr. Best had challenged he had challenged the prophet of God and our movement that God didn't heal anymore. And basically what brother Brandham was doing was a false prophet and he was doing it by witchcraft. Now listen, no doubt he was a good man cuz brother Ram even compliments him. FF Bosworth, let me take the debate for you. He's a real man. Don't. And brother Brown warned him. Don't you go quarrel with him. Don't you go fight with him. Oh, I won't. So, that's a good reason for me and you right now. How many of you fought the devil this week? Oh, I'm preaching the right crowd. So, I'm going to I'm going to help you with next week. Brother Brand said, "Don't you quarrel with him. Don't you fight with him." "Oh, I won't." Now, I want you to say, "Oh, I won't." I won't. You did good. Say it again. So he walked up and while the debate starts, FF Bosworth does something infallible. He walks up and he hinges the entire debate on one question. What does the compound names of Jehovah have to do with Jesus Christ? Dr. Best being a Bible teacher knows I'm trapped. I'm trapped. Then all of his nonsense taking place, but there was something else happening. The angel was visiting the balcony cuz this was a conference that was about to happen. Yes, sir. We needed a picture. We needed a picture not just to hang on our walls to be in our heart and in our mind. There's the picture. With a hired photographer that was on the other side. All the other pictures didn't turn out, but that one did. Amen. Fight against it all you want to. Brother Brandham's the important figure of this age, but that light that's over his head, that's our Lord. Sister Melissa, this is where this is important to us is that same light goes home with you. That same light travels in the car with you. You may never see that light. And it's not so important that you see that light, but it's important that you know that light's with you. Brother Bill, he was with you when they were working on your heart. five bypasses, all of the things that they had to do with the valve and then to put a pacemaker in when I came and visited you there in the room that day. Listen, Satan had now waring waring with him, tell him the most critical things and talking to him about how weak he was. I felt inspired by God to remind him he's a son of God and to remind him he's going to get through this battle. And God, that light is with him. He's with you in the operating room. He's with you in your treatments. He's with you in the trials of your life. You may be the man in the arena, but he's with you. [Applause] At the end of the day, where stands the critic against brother Brandham? That man, let's just say it how it is. That man, Dr. best, none of us would have known him. None of us had have known him. Maybe he did phenomenal great things in the denominational world, but he picked the wrong time to be the critic. Brother Random in Chicago is in the hotel room and the Lord speaks to him. There's a trap. There's there's a war getting ready to happen. And he shows him that they're not going to be in the room that they rented. They're not going to get that room, but they're going to be in another room. And then he specifically, because God's always so accurate, he tells them where certain people will be seated. Now, the men that come to take care of brother Brandham, Brother Brandham tells them when they come to the room, and he tells them, says they're they've come to challenge me. They come to challenge me on the doctrines and they they try to ease it off. They try to no said no that's what they're going to do. And he says we'll not get the room that they say we're going to get. Oh we've got it rented but we're not going to get that room. And he tells him what color the next room we're going to be like. And then he tells them where people are going to sit. Not assigned seats. People wander through the place and come to a certain table and sat down. They're wandering through the place not knowing that God's watched them seat. You think, "Oh, I just walked into the closet and I picked out that tie." God knew the color tie you'd have. He knew. He knew the outfit that you would wear. Alexander, he knew you guys would be here. He knew you would be here. He knew you would be here in this meeting tonight and knows what you'll need. Sister Beth, we don't know what we're going to fight next week. So, God prepares us. [Applause] Well, you can hear it. God had explained. And they'll get up and say, "Well, you may disagree with him on his doctrines." And he reminds them, "Be careful as an angel with him." So, Brother Brandham greets them all. He's always a gentleman. I don't care what setting he's in. He's always a gentleman. He knows where he's at. He don't have any fear. He stands there as God's ambassador on the earth, representative as Elijah. And he's standing there and before the evening's over, he makes a challenge to him. Which of you will come and stand? Which of you will come? Water baptism, name of the Lord Jesus Christ, it's in your Bible. The Godhead, it's in your Bible. Serpent seed, it's in your Bible. Brother Brandham wasn't preaching things to people that wasn't in the Bible. It's things that was hid in the Bible. And it was blowing away the traditions and the rituals and the creeds of denominationalism and the filters that was on people's eyes that they couldn't see the word of God. So God gave you prophet optics. None came. None came. Listen, our God is good in battle. Our God's been battle tested. Our God's not a He's always on time. I'm not just saying these things off of the cuff here. Your God that's on your side is always on time. He's always with you. He's never afraid. And he's not the kind of a challenger that will back up. If you call God on the scene, you better expect victory. 72 of those men said, "I we'll come and get baptized." 72 of them. Brother Kenny, your father was around. None of those men showed up. None of them showed up. the umbilical cord to their denomination wouldn't let them. That's why as message churches, we don't have boards. We don't have a board to where we answer to. We don't go to Jeffersonville to decide what we're preaching this year. [Music] There's never going to be a meeting on whether we're going to let up on gay rights. There'll never be a meeting where we decide, okay, we're going to uh you know, you you you preached again abortion last night. Listen, that's from hell. Listen, we were in the hours, Sister Carney and myself were in the hours where doctors was telling us that abortion is a choice. It's never a choice. [Applause] I know there's extenduating circumstances. I'm not going to even leave loopholes to the devil. But look what Satan was trying to abort. Look what he was trying to abort. Listen, let me You preached it. I'll just come right behind you and preach. Satan don't fight you because you weigh 170bs. He don't fight you because you're married to Katie. He don't fight you cuz you got two beautiful daughters. He don't fight you cuz you got a nice house. He fights you because of your ministry. Hey, you know, brother Ron, many years ago, through a tough time in my life, my father-in-law stood in my face. big man sit in my face. Put his 45 caliber finger right in my And he said, "Satan's fighting you not because of who you are, but because of your ministry is destroying Satan's kingdom. [Applause] We got some new faces here. When Brother Brandham was here, you can go back on tape, but especially for the people I've been around long time now. I got gray hair. Glad I got gray hair. Chemo didn't bring it out. Made it kinky. But if you put enough glue on the top, it'll stay straight. But in many of the Brandham tabernacle, Brother Brandham would tell them to write visions or prophecies on the fly leaf of their Bible. I've been fortunate enough to see some of those Bibles to where that things were written down. You know, a lot of people say, "Well, I I I like this gift or that gift or that gift." Listen, God sent us one to this generation. Amen. God's not going to send another prophet. And that prophet was I don't know. I don't mean to use the word deadly accurate. And he tells people not a week before the incident, not a couple months before the incident. Two years that he sees that little boy in Finland. That's what he did. Two years. We got a We got a little boy here. I saw him three years before that we were going to have a baby. Is Isaac asleep? Isaac, would you stand up on your chair and just remain standing there? Yeah, you're getting tall. Okay. Now, is it okay just kind of keep him steady there? So, can you see him? Can everybody see Isaac? Amen. Yeah. You've heard it before and and sometimes we go, "Well, I've heard all that before." Well, I want to bring it in a different avenue. Brother Brandham tells his audience two years before that he sees a vision of being on the Russian Finish border. Soldiers there, trees there. Um he sees different things and he sees a little boy laying dead. I'm not going I'm not going to tell you every detail. Brother Random walks up on the scene. He's there for meetings and he walks up on the scene with the other brothers. Actually, the angel has to tell him to get out. get out and walk up on the scene. Nobody likes to see a wreck, but walks up and there's a little boy. Bones sticking out of his trousers, bones. He's dead. And he looks at the little boy and something clicks. I I've seen this before. I I've seen that boy before. And the angel starts tapping him on the shoulder three times. Taps him on the shoulder. Go back and look. And so we asked the other brothers said, "Was that little boy in the prayer line or was that little boy in the meetings? And was that little boy there?" He said, "I've seen him before." You know, Brother Ram's a man. Not only a prophet, but he's a man. Sometimes we say, "Well, Brother Ram made mistakes." Duh. But he's a man. But that vision didn't lie. And brother Random go gets his Bible, Hunter. He goes and gets his Bible and he opens it up. The angel tells him, "Go get your Bible." And he reads it. There's the soldiers. There's the trees. There's the boy. And now, Brother Brandham steps into operation and he says turns to all of those those other guys and says, "If this little boy man in the arena now, if this little boy isn't off of the ground in five minutes, he hinges entire reputation, his entire ministry Come on, believe the sign. Step up. You're not careful, you're going to be like Dr. Best. You'll be known to be the critic. If he's not off of the ground in five minutes, you call me a false prophet. Right. Brother Brown kneel down and I want you to hear his words. He said Satan could have lined up every devil in hell. I'm not talking about one devil. Most of us fight devils, but we ain't nearly fought the the main one. Amen. We ain't fought the one that Jesus fought. Stood face to face. Cuz Satan can't be every word, every place. So he has to send his underlings to fight you. We need to send him back to hell whipped every day, every time. He said, "You got to line up every devil in hell." And he couldn't have stopped it. Well, Brother Ron, I I don't know if I believe the story or not. Her grandfather met the family of the man that drove the car. It's in my notes. I just didn't know you'd be here. Well, brother, I don't know about so much brother Biscll's testimony. Well, okay. Let's just hinge it down. I was laying dying. I was the man in the arena. I was the one that were giving up because my lungs were so burned. You guys had just got married. And now you're helping take care of me in a hospital. And brother Biscll called Sister Connie on the day that they gave up. The doctors gave up on me and said there was no way for me to live. God spoke to brother Bisl and I've calculated it had to be in the middle of the night for him to call sister Connie and to tell sister Connie that brother Ron we have bought Mount Baker camp and God has spoke brother Ron will be the speaker in next year's camp. Oh, I feel like preaching now. Listen, let me just say this to you. We're not just anybody. [Applause] If God called my name to a servant of God 17 years ago and said, "I'm going to preserve his life to preach the gospel," he's the same God today. [Applause] I don't know if I can believe those stories. Well, just turn your eyes toward him. Three years. Three years before he was born, God showed me a vision. Yeah. God still works with men and shows visions. A lot of people have visions, but God's got men that have visions. And God showed me a vision of that little fella walking through the yard. This may be a sticker for some people with a Disney t-shirt on with his finger up in the air. I wish I had that picture to show you right now. And God gave me his name. Amen. Right? And I had to hold that as a secret in my heart knowing that if I tell them that's what they'll call him. But you cannot imagine how I felt when I walked in and they said his name and it was exactly Whitney. You was the woman in the arena when they said you could never have children, but you held on. Baby, you was the man in the arena when your car was truck was wrapped around a tree and they told you that your pelvis was so shattered till you could never have children. But God has a plan. [Applause] Thank you. God has a plan. I'm not done, but I'm equipped. We will never surrender. We will fight for our families. We will fight for our children. We will fight for our healing. We will fight for deliverance. We will fight for joy. We will fight for peace. We will fight for the Holy Ghost. I'm going to put a sentence in here. I'm going to fight to live to the rapture. [Applause] Brother Ron, you look fine. You don't You don't look bad. I had three seizures before I walked out here today. Do you think the devil didn't whisper in my ear, "You're going to have seizure after seizure while you preach." But I didn't walk out here a coward. I didn't walk out here a I knew what I was preaching. I knew Satan was fighting against it. And the harder he fights, it shows more of the champion you are. [Applause] The harder you fight, the harder you fight, it only proves you're a champion. Hallelujah. Give him praise in the house of the Lord. I want to say this to you. It's worth fighting for. Young people, I'd like for you to just take one another's hand right there where you're at. all across this building, young people. I listened to Sister Nancy amen last night. I thought as a young person say an amen. She's been a warrior. Fought a back condition decades. Decades has fought that back condition. Fought sugar, open heart surgery. She watched a general be a pastor of this church all for decades, build this building. Listen, this didn't come easy. He was not a rich man by any man's imagination. But God said, "I'll bless everything that you touch. I'll bless it. Sister Nancy, you'll set with the queens of heaven." Amen. Titus, you like a lot of the young people here, Satan would like to make an offer. Like to make an offer in his offers, Elijah, in his offers. Maybe it's phenomenal job, phenomenal education, maybe phenomenal girlfriend, boyfriend, but if it takes you away from God, it ain't worth it. There's some things that you will have to fight as you begin to make choices in your life, Teddy. There's some things that you you'll have to fight. Now, for instance, life's worth fighting for. It's worth fighting for. You know, sometimes we the enemy wants to say, "You're just nothing." The only reason he tells you you're nothing, it's because you are something. Oh, yeah. I don't know why I'm telling you that, but you are something. Amen. You'll sit beside me of a at a table thousands of miles along, and you you'll be a little older than you are now. on and we'll sit there for eternity and all this stuff won't matter what. But we got to fight through this time to get there. Amen. Now, where's the battle going to be at right here? It won't be something that you will do with your hands. You won't be able to physically fight. That would be easy if you could do that. Or pull a sword or pull a 30 off six. That'd be easy to do that. But you got to fight in your mind. And how you fight in your mind is with the word of God. And you have to realize, you have to realize the endgame here. You have to realize God's got a plan for my life. He's got a plan for my life. Girls, sitting on that that pew is more valuable than being a model. That's right. You that sing, no doubt Satan would like to make an offer to a country music record. He's not going to offer me that because I can't sing. But you that can really sing that's got that in your voice. Satan like to get that. But you got to fight. You're the man in the arena. You're taking care of horses and you love taking care of horses. So Satan's not going to offer you a fast car. He might offer you to take care of the Kentucky Derby champion, but it takes you away from church. Come on. And you go, "No." And you go, "Well, other people that won't mean nothing to them, but it means a lot to you because that's what you love." And so, Satan will take things that you love and war against you. Am I with you? Am I preaching to you? But you take the word of God and you say nothing can keep me from my God. Nothing. Nothing. With this in mind, I want us to pray together. Cuz I realize as much as he's fought me to preach this sermon, I realize Satan's got some plans. But I want to remind him he can have all the plans that he wants, but when I hit him in the mouth with the word of God, it destroys his plans. Heavenly Father, Lord, I feel your presence in this building. And Lord, I ask you right now. You know the things that we're going through in West Virginia. You know the things that we're going through in school. You know the things that we're going through on our job. You know what the doctors have told us even this week. The circumstances. Goliath roars. He's calling for war. He can do that until David shows up. God, brother Brandham said that God's got people on the earth that's not scared. I pray that Full Gospel Lighthouse has a group of people that's in this building that knows who they are, knows what they've been called to, what their purpose is in life, and they take the word of God and they bring it across their lips. And even they listen to the victory in their life as they begin to testify and to begin to confess, I am healed. I am saved. I am an overcomer. I am victorious. I am courageous. I will win and not lose. Amen. Now, Father, I ask you to bless every one of these young people, all of us alike, Father, this evening. Thank you for this word this day. Lord, bless this evening. Bless your people today in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. Brother Andrew. Brother Andrew. Amen. Amen. Amen. We'll just sing worship the Lord for a moment here before we change order of the service here. Key be quiet. Amen. I need your glory. I want your glory. less me more. You is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, less of me and more is what I need. Need I need I need your glory. I want your glory. Oh less of me and more is what I need. Show me your glory. If you brothers wouldn't mind just maybe just shifting up this time. Brother Melvin, sister Shilla, you wouldn't mind just taking place me and more. You is what I [Music] need. Take all my pride, my selfish ways. Break me down so only remain. Lifting me of all that's faith to only you are in this place. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Less me more. You is what I need. I need you, Lord. I need your glory. I want your [Music] glory. Oh, less of me and more. You is what I need. I lift my hands. I lift my voice. surrendering to your perfect word. I long to dwell where you abide, wrapped in your presence purified. I need your glory. I want your glory. Oh, let's meet more of you. is what I need. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, less of me more of you is what I need. Blo you call me near. Chosen love without fear. Your banner over me is love. You've marked me for the things above. I need your glory. I want your glory. Oh, less of me, more of you is what I need. Show me your [Music] glory. Show me your power. Oh, less of me and more of you is what I need. Show me, show me your glory. Show me your power. Oh, le more of you is what I need. You made me ready. You made it set apart with oil and fire in my heart. I hear your voice. I know it's you, my bridegroom king. Forever true. I need your [Music] glory. I want your glory. [Music] No less of me. More of you is what I need. Show me. Show me your glory. Show me your power. Holless me and more of you is what I need. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated at this time. Go ahead and play that. Sister [Music] Julia, we've been through an awful lot together. Rocky roads, troubling storms, and sinking sands. But the Lord has helped us brave the weather and shown us how to firmly take our stand. We forgive each other all the hurt and all the pain. We forgive each other so we can move on again in an effort to make best of this life that we live. We hold tight. We make right. And we forgive. [Music] Trying times will bring us close together. If we purpose to hold on, come what may, then we'll grow. And this will make us [Music] better as we give each other grace for every day. We forgive each other all the hurt and all the pain. We forgive each other so we can move on again in an effort to make best of this life that we live. We hold tight. We make right. And we forgive. Forgiveness makes our blind eye see. Forgiveness clears and sets us free. Forgiveness writes our every wrong. Forgiveness helps our love grow strong. We forgive each other, all the hurt and all the pain. We forgive each other so we can move on again. [Music] In an effort to make best of this life that we live, we hold tight. We make right and we forgive. We hold tight, we make right, and we [Music] forgive. God bless each and every one of you today. For those that are may have may wonder what is going on here, this is one of our families that the light shone on their pathways and raised Amish, raised by tradition, married by tradition, was raising family by tradition. When they come to the message, they saw that there's something different about real marriage and a real man and a real woman and a real family. We've heard it in your voice. We've saw it in your worship. We saw the change. You were longing for God. You were longing for something more. And no doubt somebody else told you about it. This is different. This is real. But then you experienced it for yourself individually. You experienced it. You tell us about a service here just recently to where you was in another world and your wife was as well and you woke you go out of the service and you and you don't even speak for a while but after a while you begin to share I got to have more than that. I want to get back into that. I want to spend my whole life into that. Marriage can be like that. Not just a marriage to Christ, but to one another. The song said, "We forgive. There's been hurts. There's been trials." That's life. But when you have the reality of Christ living in your lives, there's nothing like it. It's hard for me to imagine, but in the Garden of Eden, God has his first wedding. Man was God's own spitten image. But there was something missing. Man had something inside of him that God had inside of himself. God longed for a wife and Adam was lonely. Animals were nice to fellowship with, but he couldn't talk to them. You know, the grass was beautiful, but he couldn't express his feelings. One day, God performed an operation and caused a deep sleep to come on Adam. Adam went to sleep, and when he woke up, he saw the most beautiful creature he had ever seen in his life. Listen, when God does something, he does it well. He does it extremely well. and he looked at her. She was the most beautiful. God has the same thing in his life. He wants a wife and she's the most beautiful bride around the world and he so wants to join her and so wants to his life to live on the inside of her. And so the message is a marriage union. It's more than just a prophet's words. It's a marriage union. And brother Random said that before the foundation of the world, he slipped a wedding band of predestinated unmarited grace on us before the foundation of the world. And he says that we are the living physical attributes of God that God thought of before the foundation of the world. Melvin, I know I don't know exactly the marriage ceremony that you had 10 years ago, but today the vows mean more than ever before. The vows that you say, I pray that the things that you do during the day, the chores that you do will be more with love than ever before. And I pray that you have a from this day forward have an even greater marriage than you've ever had. You have wonderful children that are the product of your marriage. For two becomes one, two, three, four, five, six. You keep it up, you'll have a baseball team. So, you've said these vows before, but today it means much more to you. So, I'll get you to say these with me. I'm Melvin. Take you Sabella. Take you to be my wife. To be my wife. To heaven to hope. From this day forward. From this day forward. For better, for worse. For better, for worse. for rich or for poor. for richer for poor. In sickness and in health. in sickness and and to cherish And to cherish until death do us part. As God is my witness. As God is my I give you my promise. I give you my promise. Sister Seilla, I take you Melvin to be my husband. to have and to hold. From this day forward, for better, for worse, for rich or for poor, in sickness and in health, sickness and health, to love and to cherish, I part. As God is my witness, as God is my I give you my promise. I give you my promise. The scripture tells us, "If I speak of tongues of men and angels and have not love, I'm only a sounding brass and a tinkling symbol. If I have the gift of prophecy and cannot fathom all the mysteries and all the knowledge. If I have a faith that can move mountains, but have not love, I have nothing. If I give all that I possess to the poor and surrender my body to the fire and have not love, I am nothing. And I remind you of the scripture, love is patient. Love is kind. It does not envy. It does not boast. It is not proud. It is not rude. It is not self-seeking. It is not easily angered. It keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil, but rejoices with truth. It always protects. It always trusts. It always hopes and it always preserves. That's not just God's love, but that's for our our love as well. Congratulations on being here. And what an astounding thing it is today. Now, we're not given rings, but I want to I want to do this for you. You got rings? Let's do it, baby. Do you have them with you? Yeah. You go, girl. Well, you got a big finger. Though small in size or large in size, these rings are very significant. They're made of precious metal and they remind us that the love that we have for one another, and I can't say this well enough, is not cheap. Our love is not common. Love cost us dearly. It's part of that for for better, for worse. We give our life for our baby, our wives. We would do that in a heartbeat. It's made in a circle. Their design tells us that love must never come to an end. It must always be continuous. As you wear these rings, whether together or apart, may this be a constant reminder of the promises that you made before God. and Brother Ron today. Brother Melvin, will you take that smallest ring and put it and I want you to repeat with me as you put it on her finger and hold it there. I give you this ring I give you this ring as a symbol of my vow. as a symbol of my vow. and with all that I am. With all that I am and all that I have. And all that I have, I honor you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I honor you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. As you place it on your finger, just repeat with me. I give you this ring. I give you as a symbol of my vow. And with all that I am, and all that I have. I honor you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Bless your heart. You're so precious. Amen. Could we all pray? Father, we can truly say we feel the presence of the Lord and your nearness to us right now. Lord, as I have stood here as an officer of this state, as a representative of your kingdom, and rededicate their vows under the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, not under a name of a church, I ask you to bless this marriage like never before. I pray that you protect them. I pray that you'd give them love like they've never had. May there be a renewing of fire. Touch their lives. Holy Spirit, you're welcome in their home. Their home is more than just for their children to play in, but may the angels of God stand present. And may they feel your presence there. Bless them from this day forward like never before. We pray. And as an audience, we're so proud of them. We love them with all of our hearts. As a pastor, we're so pleased. And Lord, we ask you that you would bless them this day in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother Melvin, Sister Seilla, you've exchanged vows and you've exchanged rings, and I marry you by the authority of the state. Brother Melvin, this is my opportunity to tell you you can kiss your wife. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you. Congratulations to you. God bless you. God bless you. I love you with all my heart. Love you with all my heart. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Where's their Where's their babies at? Amen. Come, come, come. Picture time. Here, I'll stand outside. Whoa. That's probably where she got that ding on her [Laughter] head. Amen. God bless you, Andrew. Come, come, come, Andrew. Got to do it again. Got to get the better looking preacher in the middle. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. [Music] It's amazing grace how sweet the sound that saves a rich like me. [Music] I once was lost, but now I found. Oh, I was mine. But now I see was grace that's all my heart to fear and grace my fears relie. [Music] How [Applause] [Music] preiously his grace appear. Oh the hour I for God bless you. You dismiss the name of the Lord. Oh, it's amazing. [Music] Grace, how sweet the sound that has saved. No like me. I lost. I was lost. Oh, but now I'm found. Well, I was glad. But now I [Music]
