################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-26 - Why Shouldn't We - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 26th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-26
Title:   "Why Shouldn't We?" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on July 26th, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vfba1Kw8zVs
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Here [Music] we go. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] He he. He will be there in all its way. His love is stronger than my pain. He will be faithful. So faithful to me. [Music] There is grace I can measure. [Music] mercy I don't deserve. There's forgiveness that's in this for me. [Music] Oh, what a blessing to know how deeply I love. And I'm always reminded he will be all I need. All I need. He will be faithful to the end. He will provide time and time again. He will be faithful. to pray to the end. And he will be there when all else faith. His love is stronger than my pain. He will be faithful. So faithful to me. Amen. Aren't you so thankful that he is faithful all the way to the end? Amen. Good to be here this evening, isn't it? Let's sing a song, Amazing Grace, my chains are gone. Aren't you glad that you can sing that this evening, knowing that God just broke every chain that ever held you bounding, [Music] how sweet the sound that the rich like me. [Music] Oh, I once was lost, but now I found Rose. But now I see was grace that taught my heart to fear. Grace, my fears. Oh, how preious. Oh, thy grace appear. Oh, the hour. life [Music] and my chains are gone. Will have been set free. Oh my God, my savior who has ransome me. [Music] like a his mercy graing. [Music] It's amazing. Oh, my chains are gone. And my chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. Oh, my God, myior who has me. [Applause] Oh, his mercy. [Music] Oh, [Music] it's amazing. Amen. Don't you thank the Lord for that amazing grace? Amen. This whole house. This whole house. Like to sing this this evening for Sister Pat. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's her birthday coming up this Thursday. So, I'm going to sing this for her. She loves this song. will. This old house once knew my children. This old house once knew my wife. This old house will comfort as we fall. The storms of life. This old house once rain with laughter. This old house heard many shouts. Now she trembles in the darkness when the lightning walks about. Ain't going to need this house longer. Ain't going to be this house. Fix the shle. Ain't got time to fix the floor. Ain't got time for all the hats. Going to mend no pain. Ain't no going to need this house no longer. I'm getting ready to be the slain. This old house is getting shaking. This old house are getting old. This soul house lets in the rain. This soul house lets in the cold on my knees. I'm getting ch but I feel no pain cuz I see angel peeking through the broken window. Ain't going to need this house no longer. Ain't going to leave this house no more. Ain't got time to shame. Ain't got time to blow. Ain't got time to men know pain. Ain't going to need this house no longer any. Oh, this old house is afraid of thunder. This old house is afraid of storm. This old house just grown in trouble with the night with fleas it. This old house is again. This old house is a needed pain just like me. It's tucker and he's been ready to be saved. He's going to need this house no longer. Ain't going to need this house no more. Ain't got time. Jesus ain't got time. I ain't got time for the angels going nor ain't going to need this house no long [Music] sleeping. He don't know I'm going to leave else he wake up by the fireplace and he sit there free. Oh but days are over. Ain't going to hunt no more. Giant when the wind blow down my door. Ain't going to need this house no longer. I'm going to leave this house. I ain't got time fixing sh ain't got time to fix the floor. Ain't got time to hold the hes nor the men windows. Ain't going to need this house no longer. I'm getting ready to be the same. Amen. Now, Sister Pat, we sing this every year. And every year I say this, we'll sing it next year. So, don't plan on leaving. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to be here this evening, isn't it? Let's sing a song. Let the worshippers arise. Amen. Father, I see that you are drawing light in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. You will holding glory. So let your kingom come. Let him live in me. This is my pray. Oh, this is my plea. Let the worippers arise. Oh, just worship him. Let the sons and the daughters see. [Music] Oh, I'm surrendering my own. Oh, yes. Oh, I surrender to the Oh, let the worippers arrive. Oh, let the worshipers arrive. Let the sons and daughters see I surrendering my own. [Music] Oh I surrender to the king and father by him we growing louder. Oh, the song of your redeemed as the saints of every nation are awakening sing. And from my heart the call. Oh the praises r a song to my name. Let me worship. Oh, could you just lift your hands and worship the Lord this season? Oh yes, let the sun in the dark [Music] ring. [Music] Yes. to the Oh, let the worshippers arise. Let the worshipers arise. [Music] Let the sun [Music] wash. [Music] Oh yes. Oh, I surrender to you. Oh, can you sing that one more time? Just worshiping the Lord this evening. Let the worship around. [Applause] Let the suns. [Music] Oh, I surrendering my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to Amen. Let's sing a song. Worshiping you. Worshiping you. Worshiping you. [Music] Just worshiping you. Oh, there's nothing else that I would ra Oh, I'd rather do worship you. Just worship me. [Music] worshiping you. You make it easy. Oh, I'm so in love with you. I live long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. And I'm all around your glory dividing one thing to do. Oh, worship me. Won't you just love to worship him? Worship me. Lord, there's nothing else that I ever [Music] worshiping you. Just worshiping you. You make me easy cuz I'm so Oh, I sing it. I long for those moments. Oh, I long for those moments when just you and I get lost in your presence and lose track of time. I'm overwhelmed by your glory and I'm with worshiping you. [Music] Just worshiping me. Oh, there's nothing else that I can do. I love you Lord. Worship me. [Music] Worship me. [Music] You make it easy. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. And that's what we were built for is just to worship him, praise and honor him. Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this evening, we have many of our elderly that want to lift up in prayer each and every one of them. Brother Rogers, Sister Anne Sailor, Sister Evelyn, Sister Joyce Nicholson, Sister June Shifflet. Want to remember our brother Clarence, Sister Betty, also our sister Sarah Gooden. Dear church family, have some unspoken prayer requests. is very important this week ahead of us. Brother Steve, sister Tara, Amen. Brother Ron in church, remember my sister Judy Williams in prayer. She needs a touch in body. Thank you, Sister Mary Thomas. Please remember Sydney Henson in prayer. She is still recovering from surgery of her wisdom teeth. Thank you, Sister Mary Vance. Amen. Just be remembering that there. I have a friend uh request prayer for his dad. He was hit by a car and has a broken pelvis, eight broken ribs, and a broken ankle. Thank you. [Music] Believe Brother Jimmy. Is that Is that Brother Jimmy? Amen. Sorry, brother Noah. Amen. [Music] I want to remember brother Lawrence Sin's father-in-law. He passed away suddenly on Sunday. So just remember that family. Also want to remember brother Mike Orders uh family and the church there. Brother Mike uh orders passed away Friday afternoon. So want to remember brother Joe Green and that church family there in prayer that God would just strengthen them. He was a pillar of that church and uh we love brother Mike so much. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request you'd like to lift up to the Lord. Amen. We know our God can just move on those needs. Want to remember each and everyone that's fighting cancer that God would just heal them completely. I'm going ask brother Doug Bowman he would just come tonight lead us to the throne of grace. We know our God can just move on these requests, don't we? Amen. You praise brother Doug praise. [Music] Let's all pray together. Lord Jesus, Lord, we come before you tonight as a congregation of believers, Lord. Lord, we come together, Lord, as part of your army, Lord, that can fight against Satan and these attacks that he has against all of us, Lord. Lord, he comes against us in spiritual ways and physical ways, Lord, mental ways. Lord, he's had 6,000 years to try and attack us. And he's gotten, Lord, so many different attacks, but Lord, we have an answer to all of those. And that's you and your word. And Lord, all we have to do is get down on our knees and we just have to ask, Lord. Lord, we just have to ask that you come and you intercede for us. Will you come down here and you touch our bodies Lord as we need healing Lord so many people need healing in their bodies Lord tonight Lord cancers and Lord that brother that was hit by a car and Lord just so many different things that are happening Lord we just need you to come down give us peace in our minds peace in our bodies Lord Lord go down to brother Joe's Lord be with that family Lord be with that congregation Lord we just know that Lord, that dear brother, he's not having to fight anymore on this side. Lord, he's on the other side just encouraging us, telling us, "Come on, keep fighting. It's worth it." And Lord, I just thank you for everything you do for us. Lord, I thank you for how you love us when we were unlovable. Lord, every time we fail, you're still there for us no matter what. Lord, I just ask that you bless the remainder of this service, Lord. Lord, bless the preaching that's coming. Lord, give me one word. Give me one sentence. Lord, let me know that you're here for me. And Lord, just touch my heart tonight. Lord, I just thank you so much for everything you do. I love you and I ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this morning this evening's offering. Uh may we sing a song when the saints go marching in. Amen. We'll have brother Shannon prepare to come sing for us. Then we'll have uh Sister Reagan and then Brother Andrew sing for us. They're together there. Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints they go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints they go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that door. Open the same single thought she would appear from a stranger. Oh, wondering through this world of sea. Oh, on my way to that city. Oh, when the saints they go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, when the saints they go maring in. Oh Lord have to be in that number. Oh, when the saints go on Jesus. [Music] Oh, I know that I see my savior. Oh, my life is free from sin. Oh, heaven is willing for me. Oh, the saints they go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints they go maring in. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number. Oh, the saint. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. You can be seated. &gt;&gt; I believe it be much longer before we go marching in. &gt;&gt; Ain't it good to be a Christian this evening? &gt;&gt; How many come to praise the Lord this evening? &gt;&gt; I love him. He sure is good to me. [Music] I never heard you say, "What have you done for me lately? What have you done to earn my grace?" And I never heard you speak anything but your love for me. Anything but identity. What a friend I found in you, Jesus. What a friend I found in you. No one else could keep their promise. I can always count on you. You only made me feel that I was welcome in your house. That I was honored and adored. You seen me at my worst, but you never held it against me. Running to me when I returned. Oh, what a friend. What a friend I found in you, Jesus. What a friend I found in you. when no one else can keep their promise. [Music] I can always count on you. Yeah. You've been my savior. You've been my shield. You've been my defender on the battlefield. Yeah. You've been my father. You've been my rock. You've been my portion. Yeah. You're more than enough. Yes. You've been my shelter. You've been my strength. You've been my provider again and again. Yeah, you've been my redeemer. [Music] But what I can't comprehend is how the God of creation, what called me is friend. What a friend I found in you. Jesus, [Music] what a friend I found in you when no one else could keep there. Promise [Music] I can always count on you. [Music] What a friend I found in you, Jesus. What a friend I found in you. No one else could keep their promise. I can always count on you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I don't know why I keep on pretending that I can't live this life on my own. Cuz every time I lean into his goodness, I'm reminded that I'm never alone. And if I know that Jesus is the answer and he's already done what must be done, why wouldn't I run? Why would I run? Why would I go to my father and rest in his love? How could I stay here in this place when he's waiting? Arms wide open with his amazing grace. And I can hear it calling me to come. Why wouldn't I run and he has been the friend that I have needed. who shown me mercy I did not deserve. Forgiving me for every time I failed him and took a cross to show me what I'm worth. Because I know that Jesus is the answer and he's already done what must be done. How would I run? I would not run. Why would I go to my father and rest in his love? How could I stay here in this place? And he's waiting, arms wide open with his amazing grace. I can hear him calling me to come. &gt;&gt; Why wouldn't I run? Why wouldn't I run if hope is calling out my name? If I don't have to be afraid. If he's already made a way, what am I waiting for? Why wouldn't I run? Why wouldn't I run? Why wouldn't I go to my father and rest in his love? How could I stay here in this place when he's waiting arms wide open with his amazing grace? When I can hear him calling out to come. Oh, I can hear him calling me to come. Why wouldn't I run? Why wouldn't I run? [Music] [Applause] I think the next time I sing, I'm going to have Andrew to sing with me. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I would like to thank you. and I will do more in the morning, but I'd like to thank you for the 25th anniversary celebration. Well, you're a secretive bunch of people and had pulled a rehab on me and uh I got to missing that afternoon. I got to missing a couple of trophies and and Connie told me, she said, "Matthew's going to use it in a presentation. You know, I just bought it. I just bought it." And so Andrew had told me to come to Yak to give the young people a talking to about how to behave at Ohio meeting. And I bought it. I I just bought it. I thought, "Well, that's" And he told me, he said, "Dress nice." So, I put on a golf shirt, pair of pants, and I bought it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When did I know when I saw you? I'd like to thank each and every one of you. Maybe I didn't get to shake all of your hands or get a picture with everybody, but you made me feel really good. And so, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so if I get to be here with you a couple more years, Andrew's already started on his time clock. I think he's already got How many years you've already gotten? So 15 years this year, so maybe I can stick around for his 25th. And so I'd like to do that. We certainly love you with all of our hearts and so glad to see each and every one of you. We're glad to have brother Joel's father and mother and with us tonight. And amen. I'm so glad to see them. I know you and I'd like to call your name, but I it's just not it's not going to pop up on the computer, but but I know where you're from. So that you know, God knows where you're from, too. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we're so glad to have you guys with us and we certainly love you with all of our hearts and so glad. Amen. Sister Deborah, that's they're from your home country up there, aren't they? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not guessing. I think we had lunch together. And so, Amen. So glad to have you guys with us. Amen. Look over at your neighbor. Say, "We're glad you're here." Amen. Amen. I have a wonderful opportunity tonight to dedicate a wonderful addition to this church. &gt;&gt; And uh And uh we're so glad to have brother Joey and Sister Faith with us and uh time's clicking for them as well. And they've been here with us for a bit. And so we're just so glad to have them. And and they're worried about how their little daughter will react tonight while I dedicate little brother. And so we've seen everything in these baby dedications. So I told them not to worry about that whatsoever. But we want to congratulate them tonight with all of our heart. They welcome their second child and and now they want to dedicate it. And you know, we as a body believers gather in the presence of the Lord and we believe God's here. Jesus himself would take time to dedicate babies and and then even brother Brandham and his busy schedule of delivering delivering the message. Many times the local people would wait for up to two years before they could have their babies dedicated. And so, but it was important. And then, Brother Brandham would take time and and I know you're probably like me, you fast forward it through those baby dedications and and whether there's sometimes there's 10 or 12 baby dedications and he goes one to another. But you know who it's important to? &gt;&gt; That mom and dad. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham knew that. And if Jesus took the time and he took the time, I think we can surely do that as well. &gt;&gt; In Psalms chapter 127 and verse three said, "Children are the heritage of the Lord. Offspring are a reward from them." in Deuteronomy chapter 6 and verse 5 said, "Love the Lord with your whole heart and with all your soul and with all your strength. These commandments are to be in your hearts and press them upon your children." I'm sorry, I paraphrased that. And Psalms chapter 22 and verse 6 says, "Train up a child in the way that he should go and when he is old, he will not depart from it." And we have seen that scripture be fulfilled. I'm living at part of that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Psalms 127 and verse three. Lo heritage of the Lord and the fruit of the womb is his reward. As arrows are in the hand of a mighty man, so are children of the youth. Happy is the man that hath his quiver full of them. They shall not be ashamed, but they shall speak with the enemies in the gate. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, brother Joey and Sister Faith. And Amen. Could you just come and Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Sing that chorus. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring the little ones to Jesus. What do you think about this guy? Yeah. That's your brother. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. Amen. You love him? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Did you just tell them to take him back? God bless you, &gt;&gt; brother Joy. &gt;&gt; Sister Faith, &gt;&gt; congratulations to you both. The Lord has blessed you. It's blessed you in your life and we count this as another eternal blessing. We don't believe this is just temporary for this life, but it's believe it's eternal today. We believe this is part of Corbin's journey into eternity. Stepped out of eternity into time and you're a mom and dad. You'll take care of him. God gives you responsibility to watch over him and teach him. You're his pastor at home. you'll teach him about the Lord and read Bible stories to him and and you'll be the rod of correction and be his buddy and be his friend and and God's blessed you and brother Joy and and and we see the blessings of God on him and isn't it wonderful that we can see the blessings of God now Corbin Joseph has been blessed with life and so now we do this to dedicate him back to the Lord Lord. Amen. Father, as I have taken Corb and Joseph into my hands, Lord, as they would dedicate Jesus at the temple, I stand here and dedicate another attribute of God that you have placed in the earth. Now, Father, as they've laid him into my hands, I give him into your hands. I'm asking you that you would watch over him and protect him. I pray that you would bless his life. Lord, I pray that you would protect him when harm would come. May the angels of God stand present. Do a supernatural work for him, Lord. As he time comes, I pray that you would give him a new birth, Lord. And may the spirit of Jesus Christ live on the inside of him. Thank you for blessing brother Joey and sister Faith. What a wonderful God that you are how you care for us and love us. And we pray that you would bless him with life and strength and mercy. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray in your name I ask you do a work for him. In your name I pray. Amen and amen. Amen. Isn't he a beautiful little boy? Yes. &gt;&gt; Amen. You guys step up here and we'll take pictures. Amen. That's all right. She'll change you in a minute. [Music] He's got a reason to scream. &gt;&gt; God bless you, Sister F. We so love you with all of our hearts. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. You be careful now. Amen. Give them a good hand this evening. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not going to sing like you sing before you introduce me. So, &gt;&gt; let's stand. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Some glad morning when this life is over, I'll fly away. Is that what you're anticipating? Amen. Amen. I'm glad. I'm looking forward to that new body. I'm getting I'm getting wore out with this one. This one's wearing me out today. Well, some glad morning when this life is over. Will I fly away or two? I surrenash your shore. Will I fly away? Will I fly away? my way. Will I die? Hallelujah. Will I fly away? Let's sing that second verse. Oh, the shadows of this life will go to fly away. like a bird from prison and bars and will fly away. Let's sing it with all of our hearts. Will I [Music] die? and you're by going to fly away. Well, just a few more weary days and then I I'm going to fly away to a land where joy shall never end. I'm going to fly away. I'm fly away. Oh, glory. I'll fly away. Hallelujah. Bye bye. Going to fly away. I know it was a blood. I know it was a blood. I know it was a blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. Well, there's healing in the blood. Oh, there's healing in the blood. There is healing in the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon a cross. And I know it was the blood for me. And what a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. Oh angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God we serve. Oh Jesus is the God that I serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful to serve a God like Jesus? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. If you have your Bibles today, we'd like to look in the book of Hebrews, chapter 13, and verse 8. Just told Brother Ron, it been 15 it's been 15 years since I started ministering. And I tell you what, I feel as nervous as I was preaching for the very first time tonight and just something the Lord laid on my heart about about noon noon today and and uh so we're just going to just take some take some time here this evening and maybe I could express what's on my mind and what the Lord's just dealt with us on. Amen. How many has a need that you'd like to make known unto the Lord tonight? Amen. Amen. God sees your hands. Amen. And I know that we have many here that have many needs in different areas and financial and some physical and spiritual and different things, but I believe our Lord is more than able to reach to the innermost part of your beings and speak directly to us tonight. Do you believe that with all your heart? Amen. Let's just agree together. Father, we come before you tonight, Lord. We humbly bow our hearts before you, Lord Jesus. Realizing, Father, that we have entered into your your courts with praise and thanksgiving upon our lips, Lord Jesus. Lord, to who we owe our entire life, Lord. We realize, Father, that you have allowed us to be a part of this end time message, Father, and you have allowed us to be in into a place, Father, and enter into a place, Lord, where eagles are gathered. And Lord, we realize Lord that that we see that the word is here. Lord, the eagles are gathering here. And we ask, Father, that tonight that you would just move amongst us in a very specific and special way. There's such a sweet presence here tonight. And Lord, we just would ask that you would come, that Jesus would feel welcome in this room, that Jesus would come by and minister to us. Lord, you you went by you went by the place of Jarius when his daughter was in a in a condition, Father, that nobody could help. But Lord, you came. And I believe that you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we would ask, Father, that's a day that you would just sweep through this congregation tonight and you would minister to them in a very specific way. Father, our our hearts are yours. I pray that you just set us aside just now in Jesus name. Amen. Hebrews chapter 13 and verse 8 is very familiar to us, but we would like to just read it together tonight. Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. May God bless his word. You may be seated here tonight in the presence of the Lord. I'd like to just take a little thought, three words on why shouldn't we? &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we? And I I know that there's many of things that we could minister on on why we shouldn't. And there's there's definitely a lot of area that we could cover there. Well, we got a good squeaky toy in here tonight. And and there's definitely we could say why shouldn't we have squeaky toys? But tonight, I want to praise the Lord. I just like to minister on those three words. Why shouldn't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we? And there's there's a vast way that we could take this tonight. But I think it's so powerful when you begin to think about how the messenger of this age would come and he would take this scripture and he would over and over and over again he would repeat it to us. And I believe that the reason that you and I can have the ability to trust in God's perseverance is because that he never changes. Is that he always remains the same. And if if he was an unpredictable God or constantly changing, if he helped one person today and he abandoned them the very next day, if he loved what was right one day and he loved what was evil the very next day, or if he made a plan yesterday and then he decided to give it up today, then you and I could not trust him in the manner that he desires us to trust him in. we couldn't know him or we couldn't know what to expect from a God that is constantly changing or or or honestly just coming up with different ideas. You and I would not have the ability to follow him like you and I do in this hour because we realize we realize that we have something very special. We have something very specific and we're not following a God that changes like the wind in its direction. But we have the ability to know exactly who we are following. And we have the ability to know exactly where he is taking us to. We don't have to wonder if he's changing. We don't have to wonder if he's going to change his mind. But this scripture right here single-handedly proves and shows us something very, very powerful that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. It gives us as believers the the ability and it gives us the a strong reason to stay faithful in his promises to never give up and to always keep going. And we realize that if if if it it proves that Jesus is truly divine because he could not be God if he changed but he remains to be the same. And the only way that we could say he is divine is because God alone is unchanging in his manners. So therefore we could say Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. He is the same. He is identical. He is not different. He's not he's not changing. He is unchanging. He is unmovable. And I will say this, he is undeniably he is still Jesus Christ. Now, the prophet would use this per this this certain scripture over 3,000 times when he was ministering all over the world. He would use it in Switzerland. He would use it in Jamaica. He would use it here in the United States and in Canada. And he was not showing just here in the United States that he was the same here. But he was showing that he was the same in every dynamic in every diraphic and every every spot of the world that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we realize that we are living in a world where the world is in constant disarray and and it's constantly changing and the world is constantly falling apart. We we see shifts of powers. We see people that are moving with this movement or that movement or getting in with this click or or that clack and we realize that change is always happening. And to be honest, we are constantly in a season of change in our life where life changes. Women go through a change. Men go through a change. Young people go through a change. But we realize this. There is one thing that remains to be constant. And his name is Jesus. And he doesn't plan on changing. And he never will change because he is the same. And if he is the same, then he's got to do the same thing that he did in Paul's day. He's got to do the same thing today. So I ask you, why shouldn't we believe in him? Now, Brother Manam said, "It's what is it?" He said, "It's not the mythical imaginary God sitting out there." He said, "But the living God." He said, "What is the living God? It is the word in you making itself real." He said, "Woo, glory to God." Now, I would like to ask the question, I wonder what Mary would say about that. It's not an imaginary God, but he is a living God manifesting his word right in you. If we could ask Mary, what would you say about that? I would say that she would say, "Wow, we sure should serve him because he's the kind of God that'll fill your womb with a life that'll change the rest of the world." I wonder what if we would ask Ezekiel, what would he say about that specific quote? I would say that he would say, "Yes, these dead bones can live again." I'd say if we would ask Jeremiah about this certain quote, "Is he an imaginary God? Is he a dead God? Or is he a manifested God?" He would say, "It's like fire that is shut up in my bones." Now the prophet taught us that no believer in his in in his right mind can ever place God can ever place God somewhere in the past. But that believer will bring God's word to the right present. Yes, he is a historian God. Yes, he's a God of history, but a true believer will not say that he's a God that was back here, but he's a God of right now. And I was reading this morning over in the book of Acts chapter 16 and you find there when Paul was coming and there's some very powerful things that happened in chapter 16 of verse Acts. Acts chapter 16, you begin to read that Paul is standing there and the Bible said that Paul had a vision. He had a vision about nighttime that he's standing out there and there came a man that was standing before him and said, "Come over unto Macedonia and help us." Now you go to studying that and you're trying to find who that man was. Now we realize that the God our Lord he would use men in symbology or maybe maybe it would be in pertaining to something or to someone or to something in the area just like Georgie Carter. There was one person there there was a little lamb that was caught in a thicket and she was crying for help. It's kind of like it's kind of like Daniel when he was down there in Persia. He was down there and he was crying for help. And the angel finally showed up and said, "I heard the very first time that you called. I heard the very first time that you called." And the reason why I'm here is because of thy words. If Daniel could stand there and say, "I know he's the same." Then how could we not stand here and say, "Why shouldn't we believe he's the same?" &gt;&gt; Now, Paul was standing there in this commission. He's he's under this vision. He doesn't know who the man is. But let me ask you this. under Paul giving giving you the vantage point from Paul's supernatural change in his life. Why would Paul change from moving into the supernatural if he's just had a supernatural change? But he is simply he simply falls under obedience. Luke follows him. Silas follows him. And they go and get on a ship and they're going over to Macedonia. And you begin to watch some supernatural elements that are coming in. You watch immediately that you're going to see the very first convert of Europe coming in when Lydia that is a traitor of purple. She begins to give her heart to the Lord. What was it? It was going to be very significant of the church that was going to be in Philippi because there was somebody that was calling for help down there in Macedonia. You immediately begin to watch as Paul obeys that vision that Paul goes over there and there's a little bitty girl or a girl that's under the spirit of divination and she's there and she's being used for wicked things and all of a sudden brother man said this. He said now he said Paul could have turned around and rebuked her from the very first time. He said but he waited until God said so. So he come over there not only to help Lydia. He come over to help that little slave girl that was trapped in divination and then he come over there and all of a sudden he got to worshiping and he got to preaching Jesus Christ as the same yesterday and forever and they threw him in a common prison. Something very powerful happens when you trap in this gospel. When you try to shut the message up into a box, there's something very powerful that happens when you try to say that he's a God that that doesn't do those things no more and and he doesn't heal no more and doesn't give the Holy Ghost no more. is something powerful. When you say God can't, then God shows up and shows that he can. &gt;&gt; And here Paul and Silas are trapped up. They've been in prison for preaching this message and believing this message. But all of a sudden, there's became to be a spirit of worship that got on Silas and then it got on Paul. And all of a sudden, there be to be an earthquake because of their praise. And it shook open the prison doors. Let me ask you this. If Paul and Silas could praise in such a way, then why shouldn't we? I tell you something powerful happened. That Philippian jailer was standing there and he sees all of this happening and he's getting ready to kill himself. And Paul said, "You ain't got a need to do that." But Paul leads him out, baptizes him in the name of Jesus Christ. And you begin to see the setup of the original, hallelujah, of the church right there in Philippi. Now, you notice what the scripture said. I love this. To me, this is brother Ron's scripture. Isaiah 43 and2. When thou passest through the waters, I will be with thee. And through the rivers, they shall not overflow thee. When thou walst through the fire, they you thou shalt not be burned. Neither shall the flame kindle upon thee. God is saying there's nowhere that you can get yourself into that I'm not already there. When you're going through the trouble, I'm going to be there. When you're in the valley, I'm going to be there. When you're walking through the fire, I'm going to be there. You see, there was a man one time that said, you know, he said, "I I believe in healing if I get desperate enough about it." You to me, that's kind of like having a fire extinguisher back there on the wall and knowing and knowing what its abilities are and knowing what it's capable of, but never reading the instructions on how to use it, but waiting till you get into a fire to start reading me to start reading the instructions on how to use that fire extinguisher. Let me say this to you. You don't wait to read the instructions on the fire extinguisher until your house is burning on fire. And you do not wait to learn how to fight this battle of faith until until you get in the flames of it. You don't stud you don't study healing in the fire, but you believe on the healer before the he before the flames ever show up. Jesus never stepped into the fire with a four with to be the fourth man when they cooled the fire down. He stepped into the fire when they heated it up seven times. Jesus showed up in this hour in this laying seven church age when things are as hot. So don't wait to read the instructions. Go. Hallelujah. And if anybody comes out with a fire extinguisher to put out this Holy Ghost fire, Brother Denny, I authorize you by the Holy Ghost to take that fire extinguisher. I believe that's the reason we got too many people trying to shut the fire of the Holy Ghost down in the message. There too many fire extinguishers. But let me ask you something. Why shouldn't we believe he's the same yesterday, today, and forever? Why shouldn't we believe he's more than capable to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we could ever ask or think? &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we? Matthew 4 and23 said and Jesus went about all of Galilee teaching in their synagogues and preaching the gospel of the kingdom and healing all manner of sickness and all manner of diseases amongst the people. And his fame went throughout all of Syria. And they brought unto him all sick people that were taken with diverse diseases and torments, and those which were possessed with devils, and those which are a lunatic, and those that had the Pauly, and he healed them. &gt;&gt; Now, you can line up every single devil right here. You can line up every tuberculosis, every cancer. You can line up every every lying devil. Every devil that says a message is wrong. You can line it up right here. You can line up every suicide devil. Line it up right here. You can line up your tuberculosis. You can line up your anxiety. You can line up your anxiety and your depression and all of your problems. And there ain't a problem too big. Now, if he did it then, can he do it now? So why shouldn't we believe? Brother Random said, "Now if Jesus Christ," and God forgive me for saying if, he said, "I don't mean to be sacriiggious, but to make a point." He said, "If Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and we have the same desire, then why can't we see him if he's still the same?" Now, he's got to be the same in the Bible. If the Bible says he's the same, he's the same savior, the same healer, and just the same as he was. The only thing different in him, he's now in an invisible body. And there where he was in a visible body, but he has promised that a little while and the world won't see me no more. Yet you shall see me. For I and I is a personal pronoun. I will be with you even in you to the end of the consummation or the end of the age. Now you know that the scripture says that I am God and I change not. So if Jesus of the Bible healed then Jesus of the Bible, if Jesus of the Bible delivered then, then he delivers now. If he saved then he if he filled him with the Holy Ghost, then he So why shouldn't we believe all that he's promised unto us? Now Paul said in Romans 8:31, "What shall we then say?" &gt;&gt; Then there comes a time when there is a then what shall we then say to these things? Now what is that then? What is what is Paul referring to? What is he speaking? Let's go back to that then. Let's go back to verse 28. And we know that all things work together for the good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. What shall we then say that if he loved me when I didn't look lovable? When he saved me when I didn't look savable, what shall we then say? For whom he did for know, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn amongst many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called, and whom he called, them he also justified. And whom he justified, them he also glorified. Now what shall we then say to these things? If he elected me when you didn't elect me, when he called me when you didn't call me, when he filled me when you didn't think I was fillable, what shall we then say to these things? &gt;&gt; Though Trump's on my side, though Biden's on my side, though Putin's on my side, if nobody's on my side, what shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, &gt;&gt; can anybody tell me that God ain't for him? &gt;&gt; Somebody stand up and say, "If he isn't for you, so and prove me by the Bible that God is not for you." I will take anybody, no matter how wretched that you are, &gt;&gt; show me God isn't for you. So if go is for you, &gt;&gt; go back to Matthew 4:24. If God be for us, if God be for us, then who can be against us? There ain't no devil in hell that can be against you. If God is for you, there ain't no disease that can stop you if God is for you. There's no cancer cells that can defeat God's purpose in your life if God is for you. So, let me ask you something. Why shouldn't we believe? &gt;&gt; Let me let me let me change your focus. Let me just change it down. Because God is for us, then our victory is certain. Let me let me let me change your focus even more. We don't fight for victory. We're fighting from victory. &gt;&gt; I said we're fighting from victory. &gt;&gt; Look at your neighbor said, "I'm not fighting for victory. I'm fighting from from." That is a place. That is a place where where are you fighting from, brother Andrew? I am fighting from Calvary. I am frightened from the day of Pentecost. I am fighting. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I I tell you what, I feel like a preacher now. I done got the nerves at the way. &gt;&gt; So, what I'm saying to you, let me change your focus. I'm not fighting for my brother Ron's victory. I'm fighting from Jesus Christ victory so that brother Ron can have victory. I'm not fighting for Sister Wanda's Holes healing. I'm fighting to prove he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he healed Sister Hattie Waldorf when she had cancer in her heart, then why shouldn't we believe for Sister Wanda? Hallelujah. If he got a hold of George Carter, then why should we not believe? Tell me why. Tell me. I'll take any devil in charge. Tell me why we can't have it. [Applause] He's the seal, the Almighty. He's the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob. And we are Abraham's seed. Being dead in Christ, we take on Abraham's seed and are heirs according to the promise. Why shouldn't we believe in the supernatural? Amen. Notice, don't you get scared. Amen. Means so be it. You see, everything that's everlasting. Everything that's real is unscientifically proved. The whole armor of God is completely supernatural. Love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith, every the whole armor of the Christianity is supernatural. Then why shouldn't we believe in supernatural things? &gt;&gt; Let me ask you, let me why shouldn't we? If the Bible said in Ma or Mark 9 and 23, if thou can't believe, all things are possible to them that believeth. In Genesis 18:14, is anything too hard for the Lord? in Matthew 17 and 20. Because of your unbelief, verily I say unto you, if you have faith as grain of a mustard seed, you shall say unto this mountain, &gt;&gt; why shouldn't we? Say unto this mountain, now you know what your mountain is. I'm going to ask you a question. Why shouldn't we? How many's got a mountain in your way? But how many's got a promise? Which one's bigger? Brother Brandham said, "Let me ask you the question. Which one was first, a savior or a sinner?" He said, "A savior was." He said, "Therefore, the savior is greater than the sinner. Why shouldn't we speak to the mountain? Why shouldn't we speak to dead wounds? Why shouldn't we believe for the impossible? Why shouldn't we believe? When the Bible said, "Ask and you shall receive." He said, "Ask, knock, and it shall be opened unto you." My beautiful little girl down here sang with me tonight. She's turning 14 on Monday. And today we had a little birthday party for her there. But could you imagine if we had the party, we had all the cake. I can tell you what, if she'd have left the cake, it' have been taken care of. But could you imagine as as grandparents are gathered and great-grandparents are gathered and parents and uncles and aunts are all gathered there and they've got these beautiful gifts there that are sitting out there before and all of a sudden Reagan walks in and said, "I believe I'm just leave them setting right there. I don't believe I don't believe it. I really don't believe that that's my birthday. I don't believe that's my birthday. It's got my name on it, but I really don't believe it. It's got my name on it. It looks exactly what I asked for, but I really don't believe it. You know, that's the same way that people do. They ask God over and over and over and over again for a certain thing from the Lord. And all of a sudden, God's got the package right out there for you. And all you got to do is I'll tell you what, when it comes to opening gifts, you won't have to worry. There will be little kids there. There will be little kids over here that say, "Can I help you with it?" But this is a time where you can get stubborn in the house of God. It's got my name on it. You can go back down there and set until you get yours, but this is mine. I have asked for my deliverance and it's got my name on it. I have asked for my healing and it's got my name on it. You have a right to be selfish with the word of God if it's got your name on it. What did John weep about? He saw his name there &gt;&gt; and he knew if somebody didn't step up, John was weeping for himself. But he didn't have to weep long. I say this, weeping may endure for a moment, but joy is coming in the morning. Why shouldn't we believe it? Let me ask you this. Why shouldn't we give unto the Lord? &gt;&gt; For Luke 6 and38 says, "Give and it shall be given unto you. good measure pressed down, shaken together, running over, shall men give unto your bosom. For with the same measure that you meet, with all shall it be measured to you again. Jesus said, "It is more blessed to give than it is to receive." You imagine as Jesus is I want you to I want to paint this picture. Heaven sitting down in a corner. We could look at we could look at it and we could see why Jesus is sitting down. But he's sitting down at a treasury and everybody has got their eyes on Jesus. And there's something about Jesus. It either brings out the worst of people or it brings out the know-it-alls. And here comes all the know-it-alls. And here comes the rich and the famous. And they start bringing all of their money that they got from their granddaddy's inheritance and they got from their from their great job. and how they sold their soul and sold out their birth rights and they and they they had been out there and they got rich on these things and Jesus is just sitting down in the corner. I think it's amazing when heaven sits down on you. But when heaven stands up, but when heaven stands up, it means something special. Jesus had watched all the rich and the famous come and dropped everything that they had. They dropped it down into the treasury and Jesus never moved and he never said one thing about it. But when this little woman gave all that she had, heaven stood up. I know this that she gave her all &gt;&gt; and she got heaven's attention. &gt;&gt; So why shouldn't we? &gt;&gt; If it'll make heaven get up out of the corner, I say she gave her all, then why shouldn't we move heaven tonight? Come on, somebody. I said, why shouldn't we? Why shouldn't we give our all? &gt;&gt; What are you saying, brother Angel? I'm saying she didn't need some choir to back her up. She didn't need a full wallet to back her up. She didn't even need a good mood to praise God in. She simply gave it all. Well, Brother Andrew, I'd really sing if I had a choir to back me up. I'd really sing if the if the musicians knew what key I was singing in. We'd we'd play along with you if you knew what key you was singing in. You know what? I've had everything in the world go wrong with me this week. You have no idea. My air condition went out. My back went out. I fell. I almost broke my hip. I broke my back. I tell you what, I'm hurting all over the place. I tell you what, I I really just don't feel like I really I just I've been so tired. I've been so worn out. And I I I just I don't feel like I I just don't feel like I got the energy. Come on. Why shouldn't we? Come on. Why shouldn't we? She took every excuse out of the picture when she gave everything she's got. I'd say brother Ron has threw every excuse away. So why shouldn't we? [Applause] &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we confess that Jesus is Lord? &gt;&gt; Just because we have a bunch of hypocrites in the world today that want to act like Christians, but they really ain't. They are happy serving God as long as God doesn't make them go by some rule that he wrote down. &gt;&gt; But why shouldn't we confess that he's Lord, he's savior, he's healer, he's a manifesting almighty God, the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is alpha and omega. He is the beginning and the end. He is the root of David, and he is David's offspring. Tell me, why shouldn't we worship and confess that he's more than able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that I could ever Let me ask. Why shouldn't I tell somebody how he saved me out of a devil's pit? How he came and picked me up when I was so low and I thought nobody cared about. Why shouldn't we get up and tell somebody how the God of this message that is God, he is rich in mercy, why shouldn't we testify when the Bible said in 1 John 4:15 that whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the son of God, God dwelleth in him and he in God. That's right. It also says in Hebrews 4:14, "Seeing then that we have a great high priest that has passed from heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession. &gt;&gt; I'm going to tell something and it's very painful for me to tell about it, but it was something I witnessed as a little bitty child." And I won't tell where it happened and I won't tell try not to do get too specific because I know that there's some believers that know this story and I wouldn't dare mean to offend nobody but there's power in holding on to your confession. There was a there was a great man I went to a convention as a little bitty child. That was one thing that I I found amazing about our our pastor, brother Ron. He wanted to make sure that we stayed in the right kind of an atmosphere. He he didn't try to hold us back and keep us all sheltered in that he was the only man. But he sent us out there because he knew that God had some dressear, some five five-fold ministry and and that the body needs it. And so we went to this meeting. It was a very large meeting. And the man of God was up there preaching. And I tell you, it was even as a little child and I wasn't saved and I didn't have the Holy Ghost, but I knew there was something special that was happening. And I I stood real close and I I watched this woman and and she was down in a wheelchair. And all of a sudden, the man of God went down there and prayed for her and she got up out of that wheelchair and she ran all over that building. And I remembered as a little bitty child that it electrified that entire building. It it, as you can imagine, I was a little bit child and I was watching those things. Can you imagine to what it did for the people that was sitting in wheelchairs, &gt;&gt; what it did for them to see that woman that was bound to that wheelchair all of a sudden stand up and start running all over that building. When the anointing weed off of her, she went back and sat back down in that wheelchair. and she never got out of it again. It shows us that there is power in holding on to your confession. You see, it isn't just powerful if you can say it in church. It's powerful when it lines up with your life, with your testimony on your job, when you're talking to your secretary, when you're talking Hallelujah. When you're talking to your wife and things are all hot and bothered in the house and you lose your temper like Zapora and Moses did one day, &gt;&gt; I wonder if you still hold your confession &gt;&gt; in the heat of the moment when Satan is tempting you and trying to torment your mind. I say, why shouldn't we hold our confession? Why shouldn't we believe in healing when the Bible said in Isaiah 53 and:4, "Surely he had borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted, but he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed." &gt;&gt; Now, it's one thing when you don't realize who that scripture is pertaining to. I have watched and witnessed where people go up, Christian believers go up to Jews and they ask them, "Now, what is that scripture pertaining to?" And they say, "Well, we don't really believe it, but we believe that you think that it is testifying of Yeshua. It does not have no effect on them because they do not believe that he fulfilled it, but he did." What makes a difference is that you believe it. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm I'm know good and well that I've got some young girls here. So, I'm I know good and well when I ask this question, I got an answer to it already. How many walked in before you come to church and looked in the mirror? And I can tell some of you didn't, but but how many of you really walked in before before you come to church? Now, literally when you walked in there, what was you going in there for? To see if your neck tie was like brother Andrews. Literally, why did you go you because to be honest, you wanted to see if you look good. &gt;&gt; You want to make sure because you want to make yourself presentable before you go to the house of the Lord. I don't believe you ought to wear a suit, but I believe you ought to dress pretty nice when it comes to the house of the Lord. Brother Ron didn't give a speech last week, and I'm going to give it to you right now. &gt;&gt; Why'd you go in there? Because you wanted to make sure that you was looking good. Now, let me ask you this question. How many had the mirror talk back to them? Mirror, mirror on the wall. Am I still the fairest of them all? Take me back to days when I knew that I was just as good as then when I was looking like I was. Let me let me ask you something. I mean, when you looked in it, did it talk back to you? Say, you know what? You a fine specimen of a human. Your wife is so blessed to have you. My goodness. If you got that kind of mirror, I need to have it. Guarantee you this that none of these teenage girls had the ability to have their mirror talk back to them. But they walked in there. Yep. If he sees me on the internet tonight, I'm going to get his attention. I just hope he's tuning in tonight. Maybe brother Andrew say something special about him. He'll get to looking and I don't get paid much to do this, but I'm getting paid to do this. This is amazing. Hallelujah. I guarantee it didn't talk back to you. But some of you left there thinking, you know what? I believe I'm I'm dressed right. I look good. I feel like I'm decent. I ain't got no humps or bumps showing. I ain't got no I don't need no parachute to get out of my high heels. My hair is just right. Guarantee the mirror didn't tell you that. But something on the inside of you made you believe. It made you believe that you were dressed just right. You were believing that you were dressing according to the message of the hour. The mirror didn't tell you that. But what you believed about this message, you looked in that mirror and you looked in that mirror and you look back at this word and all of a sudden you said, "You know what? I think I'm matching up. Then why shouldn't we look in the mirror of this word and take it now? Al Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. That mirror can never talk to me and tell me I look good. But this mirror, this mirror has the ability to tell me that I'm dressing right, that I'm walking right, that I'm living right. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I got to get out there. That That's heavy. I don't ever want to get in the mind of a teenager ever again. That was scary. But why shouldn't we believe in healing? The scripture said in Jeremiah when he was speaking to him, "Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no physician down there? Then why do my people go searching around where they knew they couldn't answer and say there wasn't a physician down there because they knew there was a physician there. They couldn't say there was no God and no there was no B because they knew it was down there. Then why do we spend our time looking on Instagram and YouTube for something to motivate our souls when we've got everything we have need of? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Thou art the God, Psalm 77:14, that doest wonders. Thou hast declared thy strength amongst the people. The man that was sitting by the pool said, he's a God that does wonderful things. the leper that came on to worship him. And immediately he told him, he said, "If you can just say it, I don't need you to touch me. I just need the mirror of the word to say it over me. &gt;&gt; I don't need to have some anointed preacher do it. I don't I don't have to have I don't have to have a thousand people around me to do it. But if you can just say it, I will believe it. Now when Jesus comes in John chapter n chapter nine and you know the scripture and I I don't want to take you through the whole thing but I just want to point out a few things. When Jesus is walking with the disciples and there's and they begin to ask him said now this blind man is sitting here did he sin his mother or father sin? He said no. He said he this is done that the works of the Lord could be manifest in his life. I want to ask you where is the living God at right now. He he had you are going through struggles but he is wanting to express himself through the word. He wants to show that he is omnipotent. Let me say this. It's always it's always amazed me. John chapter 9 is one of my favorite scriptures chapters honestly because it it's always amazing to me that them Sadducees and Pharisees did not have anything in the scriptures about this because if they did they'd have done the same thing he did brother Doug they'd have start spitting on the ground preaching a little sermon all of a sudden making clay out of it but all of a sudden he he spits on the ground makes some clay out of it and rubs it in his eyes and the Pharisees said where's he getting this at I ain't found that in the book of Moses or the book of Leviticus I ain't found that anywhere. The reason why he could do that, he was a word. He was the one that was writing it over his life. And you know, they didn't even get marveled at the fact that that he that he spit on the ground. They didn't marvel at the fact that he made clay and told him to go wash and to pull us along. But what they marveled at is that Jesus or or the blind man believed what Jesus said about him. &gt;&gt; Now, he didn't have any scriptures go off. And you may not have a a certain quote and you may not have a certain scripture to deal with the situations of your life, but neither did he. So why shouldn't we believe? &gt;&gt; Now notice what the scripture said here. Uh let me just skip over that. But I I want you I want to draw your attention to this quote. Brother Brandham saying it's a little bit lengthy, but stay with me. Please please stay with me. Keep your attention. Now remember, we're dealing with blind spirits. When they come out of one, they try to go to another. Just so you know that you might know, keep your head bowed until you're asked to look up. For it might be a few days from now you might not have sight. Wait till you hear me say raise your head. Cuz when you look the eyes is the gate to the soul. You say, "Well, brother Brandon, that's psychology." If it is, then Jesus used it. He took a blind man and led him away from the crowd and took him outside of the city and prayed for him. Get away. Get away from the crowd. He said, "Now pray." When he went to raise Jarius's daughter, he put everybody out of the house. He's still Jesus tonight. Whether the woman will be able to see, I don't know. She's standing here totally blind in darkness. Now have faith in God and believe while I pray for her. Please. Now, sister, now keep your head bowed and let the ledge of your eyes, blind eyes, be closed while I ask our Lord Jesus, believe that he's going to break forth and shrink up those demons in here. Then that you'll be able to see. Oh, father dear. As I stand by this blind woman, one sat along the highway begging. Then Jesus came. Oh, come near Lord. There might have been many there that had faith. I don't know if it wasn't I wasn't there, Lord, but I know that you met and give Barmus his sight. When he when he seen, he could see. I believe that he tried to follow you. This poor little mother standing here. She's blind. Lord, you know her. I'm just a man. I've tried to represent you and push back the blackness for her. Will you Lord break forth sight in these blinded eyes? Why don't we don't ask for miracles, Lord, but just something to encourage her that would make her know that you're the son of God and I be your servant, Lord, to tell them the truth. I believe if you do it, Lord, everyone in here would accept you right then. Please do it, Lord. Now will you hear my prayer as I ask you with all of my heart in Jesus name. Now notice now Satan this duel of faith you claim her and I claim her to Jesus. I claim that you have no power over her. I claim you have no power over nothing. Jesus Christ my Lord stripped and robbed you of everything that you had and every legal right at Calvary. I stand here as a representative and you know he's on the platform. Can you imagine how Satan is starting to get real nervous? And you know he's on the platform. Now that same devil's here tonight and Satan, let me call you out. And you know he's on the platform. You know all about this gift. You know about where he ministered and how he did it. And I charge thee by the living God that you come out of that woman. Leave her in Jesus Christ's name. Every head bowed. Let me see your eyes first. I will call if something happens. Now just raise your head. Can you see me? Put your hands on my nose. Amen. Open your eyes. The woman can see. Now I'm not William Brandon and I never have pretended to be him. There is only one, but he's still Jesus. And some of you are trying to find your way back home. Some of you have got cold on God. And some of you have lost your sight to get back to him. &gt;&gt; The coldness of Leoa has slipped in over your eyes. And God is wanting to take the oil of the Holy Ghost and anoint thine eyes with Isa so that you can see to make your way back home. Some of you hallelujah. You have forgot your first love. But may you just close your eyes for a minute and you can hear the word of the Lord speaking out to you. Now, you can't see in one moment, but all of a sudden, the anointed word comes over your life and you look up and you can see his face there before you and you can see him. Now, reach out and touch me. Reach out and touch. You're not that far gone. You still got hope. You still got breath in your lungs. Now, if that little woman, if that little woman in that position could believe that man and have that much confidence in that man, and all of a sudden, Satan gets scared and lose its ability and lose its ability to hold its hold its hold on her eyes so that she could begin to see what happened. The anointed word struck her. And what did she see? She saw herself in the word that he was talking about her. He was not talking about the next person beside her. There's a lot of times that we get pitchfork religion and we try to throw it over on this one and we try to throw it over on that one. They got cold on God and they missed out on the blessings. But truly, God is trying to open our eyes. I got your attention. So, let me now preach to you. If he did it once, he can do it again. If he did it for brother Randall when he hung his when he hung his harp up on a willow tree and all of a sudden God said, "Take it down." Then God is here to give you your gift back. He's here to give your anointing back. Let me say, if he opened blind eyes then, he will open blind eyes now. If he healed then, he can heal now. And Satan will only try to scare you off and cheat you out of your inheritance. But God cannot change his mind about you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Why shouldn't we believe? When it says in Mark 16, they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. You go down. We're very familiar with verse 17, 18, and 19. But the Bible said, "And he went with them performing signs and wonders by his name, the Lord performing these things." It was not them. It was him on the inside of you. Now when a brother stands here and he says now if it doesn't make you feel uncomfortable lay your hands over on your brother and over on your sister. Do you realize that you are operating as an ambassador of all of heaven that if God has sent you that he has anointed you? He has equipped you and he has sent you with power. And it's not you that have the ability to lay your hands over them and heal them. But there is a supernatural power that is laying there on the inside of you. It's the lifegiving source of the Holy Ghost that when you lay your hands over on your brother, life transfers. Smith Wigglesworth was a powerful man, a very powerful minister right there before the before the prophet. It is it is it is said that Smith Wigglesworth raised 14 dead people. One of them was his wife Polly. She had a heart attack. And Smith so believed the word of God that if he laid his hands on her, she was going to get well. Smith went over there and he laid his hands on her. He said, "I give you your life back in the name of Jesus Christ." And all of a sudden, Polly stepped up. She says, "Smith, I know you want me, but Jesus wants me more." He said, "Well, then go in peace in the name of Jesus Christ." And she went back down. God knows what he's doing. Why is it, brother Andrew, we lay our hands on this one and they get healed and we lay our hands on that one and they don't God knows what he's doing. &gt;&gt; And believers throughout the history of the Bible trusted what God was doing. So why shouldn't we? How many years ago, brother Matthew, was it when all of a sudden you've been wearing those Mickey Mouse glasses as a little child and you got tired of wearing them bangs cuz he got headache. How many years ago was it? So around 28 29 years ago, he got tired of wearing glasses and getting headaches and he come down and had some men of God lay his hands on him and he's the only person in our family that hasn't had to wear glasses. So why shouldn't we believe? &gt;&gt; How many years ago was it, mama, when they told you that you had sarcoidosis, but they first told Brother said, "If that's cancer, you better believe. You better pray, preacher." How many years ago was it? 11 years and she's still here. And the doctors gave her one report one time. How many years ago was it, Katie, when you couldn't have them with children in your womb? How many years ago was over 14 years ago? How many years ago was it when you fell off of a off of a ladder and you broke every vertebrae in your back and they said you never walk again? 90 1994. Just go ahead and walk real quick, Brother Ron. [Applause] Why shouldn't we believe? How many years ago was it? Was you in a fire? How many years ago was it when you got diagnosed with cancer and they told you you only had four months to live &gt;&gt; five years ago? Then why shouldn't we believe? How many years ago was it, Brother Gabriel, when he was living in a basement and it didn't look like he was going to make it, but a prodal heard the father. If one prodal ran back home, then why can't we believe? Why? Why? Why? Tell me why I shouldn't praise him when the Bible said praise him on a high sounding symbol. Praise him on a low sounding symbol. Praise him with a string instrument. Praise him on the horns. Let everything that hath breath praise ye the Lord. If the Bible said praise, then why shouldn't we praise? Hallelujah. [Applause] David didn't know what he was doing. Simon Serene didn't know what he was doing. Paul didn't know what he was doing. The blind man in John chapter nine didn't know what he was doing his entire life. Why am I living this way? But one day there was a little bitty girl that heard about a man from Camden, Arkansas that had received his healing and she believed if I can just do the healer. Now, where did she get that kind of faith at? The man in John chapter nine, we don't know his name, but we do know the results that come after him. Many people will never remember your name after you're gone. They might say, "Well, you know, there was a white-headed man that used to stand up there, big burly man. He preached a lot of funerals." And they might not remember his name, but they will remember what he stood for. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of people that will not remember what you did in this life and what kind of job you had and how much how many times you went to work, but they will remember that you were faithful to go to the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; If the Bible said that we should go to church, then why shouldn't we? If the Bible said that we should not forsake the assembling of ourselves together, then why should we? If the Bible said, like David said, I was glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go to the house of the Lord. Then why shouldn't we be happy about it? I'll tell you what, God knows how to make me real nervous when it comes to sermons. But why shouldn't I trust him? He's been faithful over and over again. John Nine didn't know what he was doing. Brother Ron could ask question why he went through the fire and why he fell off the fell off of these things. And Sister Nancy could answer question things. Why did God do this? Why did Why did he take Why did he take brother Homer? Why did this these accidents happen? There's somebody here that knows. There's somebody here that needs that testimony. So why shouldn't we fully obey him no matter what he leads us to? I'm g I'm gonna ask them to pause the stream just for a minute that there was a boy that had wanted to live right. He wanted to do right and he tried his very best to get back to the father's house, but he had spent all of his father's living. and he'd spend it on the righteous things and he spent it doing these things and doing this this that and the other and he went out and he lived his entire life doing the wrong things. But he woke up and you know where he woke up at? He woke up in the pig's pin and said, "You know what? I know that my father's got all kinds of things in his house. I knowing that he's got the ability to restore everything to me. He's got servants in my in his house that are eating better than me. He's got every He's got everything there. He's got He's got money. He's got splendor. He's got He's got the best of the best. And I'm down here living with the pigs. But you know what? Why shouldn't I get up out of this pig bin? Why shouldn't I get up out of my depression? Why shouldn't I get up? And he started running. And he started running. He didn't wait. He didn't wait, but he started running. And he ran with everything within him. And he ran. And he ran. And I tell you something amazing, church. When he got to where he could see his father, there was something amazing that was happening. The father was waiting. Why shouldn't we run back home? If you &gt;&gt; if you gave up and you don't feel like serving God no more. I want to say this to you. The father &gt;&gt; is waiting with arms wide open. &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we invite our prodicals to come back home? Why shouldn't we ask? Why shouldn't we believe? Why shouldn't we praise? Why shouldn't we? Ask me why. Tell me why. God bless you. I have shared my heart with you tonight. Why shouldn't I let the musicians come? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above and there's no other. Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. above and there's no other. Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Oh, Jesus is the way. Well, if you have some questions in the corners of your mind and traces of discouragement and peace you cannot find, reflection of the old past. They seem to face you every day. There's one thing I know for sure that Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. Oh, Jesus is the answer. for the world today. Above him there's no other. Jesus is the way. I know you got mountains that you think you cannot climb. I know that your skies have been Okay, in case you don't know, I'm here to tell you that the word of God is true everything that say Jesus is the answer. Jesus is the answer for the world today. when there's no other. Jesus is the way. Jesus is the answer for all the world today. Above him there are Jesus one more time. Oh Jesus is the answer for the world today. Above him there is no other. Jesus is the way. Oh Jesus is the answer for the world today. Oh, there's no Jesus. [Music] They say this mountain can't be moved. [Music] They say this chains will never break, but they don't know you like we do. Oh, there is power in your name. [Music] We've heard that there is no way through. [Music] We've heard the tide will never change. They seen what you can do. There is power in your name. [Applause] Oh, so much power in your name. will move thee. Immovable, will break thee. Unbreakable. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe [Music] from the impossible. Oh, we see a miracle. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe. [Music] &gt;&gt; We know that hope is never lost. [Music] For there is still an empty grave. [Music] Oh God, we believe no matter who. [Music] Oh, there is power in your name. [Music] Oh, so much power in your own name. Oh, move the unmoveable. Unbreak the unbreakable. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe for him from the impossible. Oh, we'll see a miracle. Oh God, we believe. [Music] Oh God, we believe. Oh, sing it again. Unmove thee, unmoveable. Unbreak thee. Unbreakable. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe from the impossible. Oh, we'll see a miracle. Oh God, we believe. You got nothing for me. [Music] You said [Music] and I believe [Music] you said [Music] and it is done. Well, you You said it and I believe it or you said it is done. You said he said and I believe. All you say and all you say. Oh, you save me. And I believe. [Applause] You say [Music] you say all you say and I believe [Music] all you say move the move. Oh, break the unbreakable. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe or from thee impossible. Oh, we'll see a miracle. Oh God, we believe. Oh God, we believe [Music] And I believe you said [Music] who you said. [Music] [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you God. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, [Music] you say [Music] [Applause] you say, "Oh, do you believe the word he gave you this evening? Why shouldn't we believe it? He said it and it is done. [Applause] Oh, you said you said and I believe. Oh, you say and [Music] immovable, unbreakable, unbreakable. God we believe. God, [Music] &gt;&gt; can you just lift your hands? &gt;&gt; Why shouldn't we believe you, Lord? Oh, you said it. Why shouldn't we? God, our healing, our prodals, [Music] &gt;&gt; salvation. &gt;&gt; Lord, you gave it all to us. Why shouldn't we believe it? &gt;&gt; Oh, God. &gt;&gt; Oh, you said it one more time. You said it. And I believe [Music] for you [Music] and God is [Music] one more I will say and I [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] moving. [Music] I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You're working in this place. I worship you. [Music] I worship you. You are here. You are here moving in our [Music] worship. I worship you when you are here working in this place. Peace. I worship you. I worship you. We call him way maker, miracle worker, promise keep sweeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, we call him. Oh, rain light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You're touching every heart. [Music] Will I worship you? Will I worship you? You are here. You're healing every heart. Will I worship you? Well, I worship you. You are here. Oh, you're turning lives around. [Music] Oh, I worship you. [Music] Oh, I worship you. Oh, you are here. You're bending every heart [Music] for life worth. [Music] Oh, we call him a way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, recall him. Oh, rain maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who. Oh, who do you call him this evening? Oh, we call him. Oh, rain maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. Oh, that. Oh, just call that out to him again. You're my way maker. Oh, recall him. Oh, way maker. recorder, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God. Oh, that is who you are. [Music] Even when I see that you're working. Even when I don't feel you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I see that you're working. Even when I feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. [Music] I don't see you working. [Applause] You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You'll never stop working. Even when I see cancer leading even when I feel you're leaving. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. No. Never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never No, you never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I [Music] [Music] You never stop working. You never stop. No. [Music] Maker, miracle worker, promise keep, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. [Music] &gt;&gt; Way maker, [Music] promised king, light in the darkness. [Music] as they play that softly this evening. &gt;&gt; Oh God, why shouldn't we believe it? &gt;&gt; Lord, you give us every promise in this book. &gt;&gt; Lord, you never promised anything but good for us, so why shouldn't we believe it this evening? Oh God, you see your servant that has given us all this evening. Restore his body. Lord, we ask you as we leave this presence, we never leave you. Lord, go with us, Lord. We thank you for this evening. The word that you give us, oh God, we have felt you. We can surely say, "Didn't our hearts burn within us this evening?" As he walked with us along the way, God, you've been so good. Lord, as we leave this place, we ask you that you just bless each and every one of us, God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. You can be dismissed this evening. Just go reverently in the name of the Lord. Oh, just come expecting in the morning. Amen. [Music]
