################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - Freedom Awaits - Bro. Matt Spencer on April 20th, 2025 - Matt Spencer.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   "Freedom Awaits" - Bro. Matt Spencer on April 20th, 2025
Speaker: Matt Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pEbEQzP3RAQ
========================================

[Music] Wearing all my sin and shame in love you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this love, Lord. Thank you for the nail pierced hand. Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know for praise. Worthy is the lamb. Seated on the throne. We crown you now with ground. You reign [Music] victorious. You are high and lifted up. Jesus, son of [Music] God, the treasure of heaven crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you paid. bearing all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave amazing praise. Thank you for Thank you for the nail. Wash me. Your cleansing flows. They're all I forgive [Music] s. Worthy is the lamb. seed all we crown you now crown you reign [Music] victori Jesus Son of God, the treasure of heaven [Music] crucified. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. He is worthy. Happy Easter everyone. Lord bless you. Amen. So much to thank him for. Right. When I look around and see the good things he does for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. and his blessings. He freely gives I to him. I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much to thank you for. so good to praise him for mercy. He's been so good to me. [Music] When I [Music] think of what he's done and where he brought [Music] me home [Music] for now sometimes while on this way I Not just to kneel and say thank you for all you've done for [Music] me. Oh, please just let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for. I've got so much to thank him for. So much I want to praise him for. See, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done, where he brought me from God's soul. [Music] thing in some way and [Music] sometimes while on this way I need just to stop and say thank you for all you've done for me. And someday I'll reach heaven shore only. I'm going to kneel once more. I've got so much I want to thank him for. I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to [Music] me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from God's soul, to [Music] thank him. Amen. We have so much to thank him for, especially on this Easter day. Had it not been for that cross build my life worthy of every song we could ever sing. Worthy of all the praise we could ever bring. Worthy of every breath we could ever brea. We live for you. Oh, we live for you, Jesus. Jesus, the name above every other name. Jesus, the only one who can ever sing. Worthy, worthy of every breath we could ever breathe. We live for you. Oh, we live for you. And we sing, holy, there is no one like you. There is none beside you. Open up my eyes. Show me who you are and fill me with your heart in me in your love to those who are around me. [Applause] Jesus the name above every other name. Jesus the only one who can ever say worthy. Worthy of every breath we could ever brea. We live for you. Oh, we live for you and we cry, "Holy, there is no one like you. There is none beside you. Open up my eyes in wonder. Show me who you are and feel me with your heart and lead me in your love to those around me. and I will build my life upon your love. It is a firm foundation and I will put my trust in you alone and I will not be shen. I will build my life upon your Lord. It is a firm foundation. I will put my trust in you and I will not be shenen holy. There is no one like you. There is none beside you. Open up my eyes in wonder. Show me who you are and feel me with your heart and lead me in your love for those around me. Amen. to be filled with his love, his heart in [Music] us. Holiness, holiness is what I long for. Holiness is what I need. Holiness Holiness is what you want from me. Faithfulness, faithfulness, faithfulness is what I long for. Faithfulness is what I need. Faithfulness. Faithfulness is what you want from me. [Music] Take my heart and for me. Take my mind Lord and transform me. Take my [Music] will to your to your Lord. Righteousness. Rightousness is what I long for. Rightousness is what I [Music] need. Rightousness. Rightousness is what you want from [Music] me. Cry out. Take my heart and for me. Take my mind and transform me. Take my will and conform to yours to your soul again. Take my heart and fall. Take my mind and transform me. Take my will and glory to you. to yours, oh Lord. To yours. To yours, oh [Music] Lord. Amen. [Music] When Jesus bled, it was for redemption, paying the price for our [Music] sins. His precious blood was for communion. God going to close this love and all of our [Music] chains were broken on the day that he rose. Celebrate the day he rose. There's power in the way. He rose. Bless his holy name. He rose. Yeah, he rose. When Jesus died, it was for our freedom. Breaking the bondage of sin. Now the redeemer will live forever. Shout to the savior of me. And all of our shame was washed away the day that he rose. Celebrate the day he rose. There's power in the way. He [Music] rose. Bless his holy name. He rose. Yeah, he rose. All of our chains were broken. All of our shame was washed away. on that day. We are [Music] free heroes. [Music] Celebrate the day that he [Music] rose. There's power in the way that he rose. Bless his holy name. He rose. Yeah, he rose. and he rose. Let's celebrate the day that he [Music] rose. There's power in the way he rose. I'm going to bless his holy name cuz he [Music] rose. Yeah, he [Music] rose. He hung on the cross forsaken. The glorious king has taken all our sins. upon his head. Death and the grave were broken. The light of the world is spoken. We are [Music] free. The redeemed cuz he rose. [Music] He [Music] rose. Celebrate the day. He rose. Let's bless his holy name. He rose. Yeah. [Music] Amen. The light of the world has spoken. We are free. What a wonderful day this Easter day is that we celebrate. Let's go to our prayer request here. We got many brothers and sisters with needs. want to please continue to pray for those fighting with cancer. Sister Deborah's brother-in-law there, Charles Bradley, he passed away last night during the service. We want to continue to remember that family and be lifting them up. I believe Sister Deborah's traveling there now to to visit and be with them. She's got a cousin, Scotty, who's in need of a touch and prayer. Want to be remembering sister Donna Ber who's fighting cancer, sister Deborah's friend also, Alina Kesler. Want to be remembering brother Ron, brother Andrew there at the meetings and let the Lord be with them when their travels coming back home. Want to remember little sister Ella Mlard this morning. She's not feeling well. She's sick. Want to remember sister Sue Lambert where she's hurt her leg. our brother Clarence Morris, the elderly in the church, and our precious brother Roger and sister Anne Sailors. Want to continue to lift up brother Bill Delaney for the healing and strength in his body. We have Julie Lee. It's brother Ray McBride's daughter going in for a procedure. needs prayer also and pray for salvation for her soul. A call still needs prayers for my grandson Kase. Some want to remember brother Ray's grandson Kase. Maybe you have a need on your heart there, a loved one you've been praying for. You want to lift your hand to the Lord this morning. Maybe brother Chris Morris would come lead us in prayer here this morning. [Music] Amen. Let's all pray and believe together. Our gracious Father, as we just come to you, Lord Jesus, and Father, what a what a great day this is to a believer. And Father, the resurrection, Lord, proved it all. Father, it proved Lord that death can't hold us to a believer. Lord, we can take an anchor cuz we serve a God who knows the very end from the beginning. And Lord, as our brother William so beautifully typed it last night. And Lord, just in my mind was just thinking about them stripes that you was born, the whip. And Lord, there are some prayer requests. There are some children, Father, who's taken claim on every single stripe that you bore. And Father, there's some that's went by the way of the grave. And that they got your life in you, Lord, they'll have a resurrection. And I pray, Father, as our bodies, they'll get healed and they'll get sick again. But Lord, if each and every one of us can have the Holy Ghost, the token and we realize, Lord, that if we have your life, death can't hold us. We ask your blessings now upon the service. Bless our pastor, brother Ron. Help him, Father, as just give him strength in his body. He labored for you, Lord. He loves you, Lord. Bless brother Andrew, Father, in the foreign lands, Lord. bless them their day and Lord bless his service in a special way. We pray come by and be with us in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. As we prepare to take up the offerings here this morning, I believe the Morris family has a song for us after them. Sister Abigail's got one and Sister India. After you give, you may be seated this morning. They're coming. May y'all pray for us? This first time we did this as a family and church. [Music] Anyway, somewhere in the distance, one could hear the hammering as they drove the nails in his hands and in his feet. as a crowd gather and saint away with him. But Jesus knew down in his heart that he would live again. He has risen. He has risen is empty now. And all that remains are the great clothes and the blood stains that old. that old tomb is [Music] indeed. As he laid there in the tomb, the soldiers camped around. God was making plans to send his angels down. As they hurried down from heaven, they didn't make a sound. For when the spirit spoke to him, he got up and walked around. He has risen. He has [Music] rising now. And all that remains are the great in the blood stains that all to all to risen. He has risen. [Music] He has risen that old is in now. And all that remains are the great in the blood that all to [Music] [Applause] [Music] The love of God is greater far than tong. tongue or pin can tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest. The guilty pair bow down with care. God gave his son to win his airing child. [Music] be reconciled and pardoned from his sin. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever more endure. The saints send a gel song. When hy shall pass away and earthly thrones and kingdoms fall. When men who hear refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains call God's love so sure shall still endure so measure [Music] Sure and strong redeeming grace to Adam's race the saints and [Music] gra song could we with ease Week the ocean filled. And were the skies of parchment made? For every stalk on earth a quill and every man a scrap I trade to write the love of God above would drain the [Music] old shine dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky to sky. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever more endure. The saints and day just song. Oh, and I will praise him. I will praise him. Praise the lamb for sinners slain and give him glory all ye people for his blood has washed away each stain. [Music] [Applause] [Music] This ain't a song about chains cuz my chains are gone. [Music] This ain't a song about the past cuz I'm moving on. No more songs about guilty with words like regret. Every mey sounding like mercy instead. This ain't a song about chains. No, my chains are gone. I found my freedom in [Music] you. I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's true. You wrapped your arms around me. And heaven hold from the moment you found me. I found my feet on you. I want to sing about a sing and the price that was paid. I want to sing about the blood that wash my sins away. No more songs about broken with words like defeat. Every mey sounded. I found my freedom in you. I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's true. Wrapped your arms around me and heaven broke. From the moment you found me, I found my freedom in [Music] you. Found my new name. Found that good grace. Found that healing. When the tears fell down my face when I found my beginning, has no ending. Found that second chance, found my best friend, found my forgiveness, found my happiness. And I've been singing ever since. I found my freedom in you. [Music] I found a joy I can't lose. And I thank God it's you wrapped your arms around me. And heaven broke me. From the moment you found me, I found my freedom in the moment you found me. Lord, I found my freom in you. Amen. Have you found your freedom in him tonight, this morning? Amen. Amen. That same holy God brother William spoke about last night where you couldn't touch that mountain. Even if an animal was to touch that mountain, it would take its life. But because of the blood on that mercy seat, we can access him today. We can touch him today. That's how our lives get changed. How we go from one creature to the next because his life comes in us with the Holy Ghost. I urge you this morning, cry out to him here before that word comes forth. This is our opportunity. Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me. Have mercy on me. Let us stand as we prepare to turn to the word this morning. Above all powers. Above all powers. Above all kings. Above all nature and all created things. above all wisdom and all the ways of man. You were here before the world be above all of [Music] the above all the world [Music] all and treasures of the earth. There's no way to measure [Music] your [Music] crucify leave behind the stone. You leave me die rejected alone my role on the ground. You [Music] turn and follow [Music] me of all power. [Music] All nature and all creation is done and all the way before the world begin. [Music] All wonder this world has [Music] ever and treasures of the There's no way to make [Music] you come on. You were crucified behind the [Music] sto like a road treble. [Music] Oh me [Music] crucified. Oh you were crucified. Leave behind the [Music] stor. You took control and thought. [Music] Amen. Aren't you so thankful for that this morning that he thought about each and every one of us, step aside, and just took our place. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord this morning, isn't it? Amen. Amen. Won't you just turn and greet your neighbor? My I tell you what a what a privilege it is just to see each and every one of you this morning. It's Easter. The sun is risen. He's alive. Ah, it's so so good to see each and every one of you. All of you in your Easter outfits. And I love this time of year. Spring life. Come on. Life's coming. Amen. Life's here because the sun's risen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. I appreciate it this morning. Amen. So good to be here, isn't it? Amen. This morning uh I'd like to speak on uh Freedom Awaits. And uh thank Miss India for singing that song for me this morning. I tell you, she got all the gift of singing straight from me. I used to sing like that. years and years ago, but nope. She took it all. Amen. So, aren't you glad that you can find your freedom in him? In him. He has the power to break every chain That's right. that's ever held you bound. So, like I said, I'd like to turn with to Galatians 5 this morning, verse one. As you're turning there in your scriptures, I want to thank all of our visitors for being with us today. Each and every one of you. Glad to have uh Sister Debbie Morgan with us this morning. I told them in the back, I don't know if uh she comes to hear me speak every Easter or come to Straighten Out alley. So, probably more that than hearing me speak. So, thank you for being here. I want to continue to pray for brother Andrew and them and dad and them as they'll be traveling back this week. I believe they as he told me last night, he said, "We leave Thursday, come back into Wednesday." So, my like that one guy said, "I just don't want to get on the plane. I'm just going to watch it take off." Amen. So, so you pray for them that all that jet lag that would come with all of that and and uh just restore their bodies and that they've given unto the Lord there this weekend. And we've heard of supernatural things that are going on there. And we're expecting great things here this morning, aren't we? Amen. Galatians 5:1 it says, "Stand fast, therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage." Now, standing fast, we're not just getting free. We're staying free and not returning to a spiritual slavery this morning. I'd like to then also turn to John 8 and verse 31 and 32 this morning. John 8:31 says, "And then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, if you continue in my word, that's it. Then are ye my disciples indeed." That's right. And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. Amen. Glad we have the truth here with us this morning. Amen. Let's just bow our heads as we go to him. Our dear most heavenly father, Lord, we thank you for this opportunity this morning to just speak to the bride of Christ. Now, I ask you Lord that you'll just help me to just step aside this morning. Lord, open up our hearts, our souls. Lord, let us just be hungry for the word this morning. Lord, let us not just be mere listeners, but Lord, let us be doers in it, Lord. This morning, I ask you that you'll just let but just to fall on good seed this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. So, as I said, I'd like to take the thought this morning on freedom awaits. And I'd like to base our uh sermon this morning around Luke 4 and14. Luke 4:14 it said Jesus returned in power of the spirit unto Galilee. And there went out fame of him through all the region roundabout. And he taught in their synagogues being all being glorified to of all. And he came to Nazareth where he'd been brought up. And as it was custom, he went out into the synagogue on the Sabbath day, and he stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And he opened the book, and he found the place where it is written. And he said, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of the sight to the blind. Amen. And to set liberty them that are bruised, and to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. Amen. And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister that sat down. and the eyes of all of them that were on him on the synagogue that were fastened on him. I could just imagine what it felt like that day. Amen. All eyes on him, all fastened, everyone attentive and ready. And then he says, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your ears." This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your ears. Let me just tell you, I'm going to speak to the younger generation here right now. That's the greatest mic drop in history. Come on. He done closed the book. He said, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled in your ears." See, through all of the ages all the way down through, there spoke of this prophet. Through the prophets, they're spoke of him coming. I can just think of it in revelations and five and one and let's just go to there instead of John said I saw on the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written therein on the backside sealed with seven seals and I strong and I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice who is worthy to open the book who is worthy to open the book and to loose the seals of thereof. And no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. And John wept much, because no man was found worthy to open to read the book, neither to look thereon. And one of the elders saith unto him, weep not, John. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, hath prevailed. Thank you, Lord. and open the book, and to loose the seven seals thereof. And behold, and lo, in the midst of the throne of the four beasts, and the midst of the elders stood a lamb as it had been slain, having seven thorn, seven horns, and seven eyes, which are the seven spirits of God, sent forth into all the earth. See, John looked when it said, "A l a lion hath prevailed." But he didn't see a lion. He saw a lamb that was slain at the foundation of the earth. Amen. See in the book of Genesis when Adam and Eve when God spoke to them and said, "Adam, Adam, where art thou, Adam?" And he come in the midst of the garden and they knew that he he seen them. But see, he made a way for them. Thank you, Lord. He said, "I'll put enmity between thy seed and my seed." He said, "I'll make a way for you." And he pulled out two coats of skins. Yes, sir. What was he showing us there? That there is going to be a lamb, a lamb slain from the foundation of the world. I love this story that brother Brandham says on Arnold von Winkler over in Switzerland. That great that great war that had happened there many years ago. And Arnold and all the Swiss army was backed into a corner. The German had come in and they had them there. And Arnold said, "Brethren, friends, today I will lay it all on the line. Today I will lay my life on the line." Right? Why? He had a wife. He had children down over the hill. Amen. And they said, "What will you do, Arnold?" He said, "Today I will give my life for my country." And as he said that, he ran down off that hill. He said, "Make way for liberty. Come on. Come on. And he took and he plunged spears into his bosom as many as he could. And it quickened each and every one of those men that stood there that day. And they did the same as they went down through there. Each of them plunging spears into their bosoms, taking on all of them. And what did it do? They went running. Every single one of them. And still to this day, there has not been a war there in Switzerland. And Jesus would say, excuse me, brother Brandon would say, said, "I can see it." Said, "Adam's race backed into a corner and all the angels and every one of them standing there saying, "What will we do?" And I could see him one step forth. He said, "I will go. I will go for race, for Adam's race, and I will take the spears, and I will plunge them into my bosom. Why? He was speaking out, making way for liberty for each and every one of us, freedom for each and every one of us today. Amen. And he has just stepped forth. Oh, what will you do? But God made a way for him. Through the foundation of the world, God made a way. Brother Brandham would say it like this. In Christ, the mystery of God revealed. Now notice down through the ages, he has been gradually letting this out. That's right. Slowly unfail unfolding the mystery through the prophets, through types. And now we can just go on that. and he was expressing himself. And we go on down a little further and it says, "All those things typed him just in type, but yet mystery was hidden." See, it was hidden all through the ages. Satan thought that he would have him at every turn. That's right. But he was hid all through the ages. Right? Them men don't know what they were doing. They only knew that they were led by the spirit to do something. Now holding it back in the last days for that great revelation, but expressing it, expressing him in Moses, in David and Joseph and Elijah and on down through. And we can take each and every one of those prophets and bring their lives and show it and express Jesus Christ perfectly. Exactly. Yes. Yet never giving his secret in full. Aren't you thankful for that this morning? Amen. Each and every one of them was typing what he would be. That's it. But it would never give his secret in full. Wait for it to make known in those last days as he had promised. Waiting for it to be fully comprehended. see before he could express it, before he could do the whole thing. Don't you just like that this morning? As we look back all through the ages, we can just see him as he was typing each and every one of it, every single time all along the way as Abraham would take Isaac. That's right. And he would just take him and he would go to that mountain to sacrifice Isaac. Except God said, "I've given to you. Now give them back to me." Right? So he had to trust in God. What he was doing, the fulfillment of all of his plan down through the ages. Right. Amen. And Abraham would turn to the servant said, "I am the lad. We shall return." That's right. Amen. I am the lad shall. See, he had a promise. That's right. Isaac had been promised to him. That's right. And he had held fast to that promise. But this day, he was giving Isaac back to God. And God said, "I'm going to see what it'll do." And he laid that wood upon Isaac's back. It was a type of what was to come. And they would go up that hill. They would go up there to sacrifice Isaac upon the altar. And as Abraham would get ready to plunge that knife into Isaac's chest, laid there bound on the altar, behold, a lamb in the bushes. Thank you, Lord. Amen. An angel steadied Abraham's hand. Amen. He said,"Abraham, I know you trust me." Come on, buddy. See, that was just a type. But there was one that was going to come down through the ages, and God was going to put him all the way through for each and every one of us. And as Jesus was reading this, the anointing was upon him. said the anointing was upon is upon me. I can just see it there in Matthew as as he come to to be baptized of John and John standing there and all the Pharisees have come out and he called them, "Oh, you generation of vipers. You generation of vipers." And here come Jesus down to Jordan to be baptized. And John said, "There's going to come one that I ain't even worthy to loose the shoes thereof." That's right. And here he come. Here he come to be baptized of John. John said, "No, no, I have need to be baptized of thee." Not yet. Not yet, John. Not yet. And as John baptized him, the spirit of God fell upon Jesus. And the spirit of God descending like a dove lightened upon him and a voice from heaven saying, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased." See, Jesus had been anointed at that point, at that moment. And now he's about to fulfill all these things that all the prophets down through the ages had expressed him in. every single one of them hidden through the ages. That anointing that was upon him in that day to do great things, right? Talking about anointing and pulling out anointing from Christ. I love the story of that woman that had the blood issue. That's right. That blood issue for 12 years in Luke. And as he would come down through there, the crowd was just so great. Each and every one of those persons just touching Jesus. They wanted to touch Jesus. That's right. I would have I I would have. All that I've heard of Jesus. I I I just want just to touch him. That's right. But see, there was one that had faith so great. That's right, sir. That said, if I can just touch the hem of his garment, if I can just just get just a little touch of him, that anointing that was on him that day, I know I can be healed. And as Jesus would walk through there, he would say, "Oh, somebody touched me." Amen. I felt virtue leave my body. I felt a little anointing that was pulled out from somebody. Somebody in the crowd was crying for something. They was crying for something just a little bit more than just to just to touch me. They needed something within. Oh, that type that blood issue, Lord. As he would be touched just to him and he would just turn. Now the crowd they're asking well who who did we all we've all touched and the disciples they were baffled they said Lord many has touched you today many no one touched me and he would turn and there she was trembling scared what would Jesus do maybe I should not have done what No he said damsel Oh my sweetheart, thy faith, thy faith has made thee whole. That anointing that was so great that he would open those books and he would read, that anointing that was fallen upon him, that anointing that we pull out of him, right? Amen. We shall see miracles. Not just a song, but a presence that's felt. We're pulling out of him what we need this morning. That's right. Just reach out and touch him. The anointing is here. He's never left. That's right. The crowd may be great. They might want to touch him, but little bride, you have a faith like no other. That you can pull out your healing this morning. That's right. You can pull out what you have need of this morning. He said, "Because I have come to give freedom to those that are bound, to preach to the poor the gospel. He has sent me to heal up the brokenhearted, preach deliverance to the captives, recovering of the sight to the blind, liberty to them that are bruised." I love all of that. Each each one of them, the poor, the brokenhearted, the captives, the blind, the bruised, the oppressed. Poor not just lacking in poverty, but empty inside. Come on. He He didn't just come just to just talk to the poor because he would also say, "The poor you have always." That's right. Amen. But me, not always. That's right. That's right. But the poor inside. That's who he come to. Come on. The poor spiritually. He came to preach good news to the poor. The brokenhearted. The ones that had been c crushed by losses, betrayed or failure. The brokenhearted, he came to heal them. Captives, those that were spiritually and emotionally in prison, he came to unlock that sale. Come on. The blind physically he healed many. That's right. Putting mud in their eyes. But the greatest one is spiritually. That's right. Spiritually opening their eyes. I loved how brother William would preach it last night of those cherapons standing guard there as those flaming swords. Lord, to just block the way to blind off what they would see. But see, there was one that was given a light that was showing it all the way back. Yes, sir. All the way back to that mercy seed. Thank you, Lord. The oppressed, those carrying wounds of life's battles, right? Many of us here, come on. We have scars that are deep. That's right. Many things that we carry a weight that we can't explain. Right. But he came to do all of this. See, I was a captive. I have been bound. Come on. I have been poor in my spirit. I have been blind in my spiritual looking. I have been oppressed by the world. But he came to broke each and every one of them things. Don't you just love him this morning? There's a story that is amongst us of of a man in our midst, a strong man, and they would come to him, brother Metis, and they would say, "Brother Metis, we have a test. There's a jail cell, and if there's anyone that can break out of this cell, it would be you." He was a strong man. He's still a strong man. Probably just as strong as me today. and he's back there and he's like, "Not me, brother." But he he's a still a strong man. And they would give him a sledgehammer and they said, "Now, now we're going to give this to you now. We want you to try to break out if you can. Now, if you can, of course, brother Metis, he did exactly what they wanted him to. He put it to the test." It didn't work. Broke right out of that jail cell. But you see, there's been many through life's ages that they were in prison. They were trapped. Come on now. And the devil said, "I I think you could break." But they couldn't break out of it. Amen. Not on their own will. Now, I'm not talking about breaking out of natural jail cells this morning, but I'm talking about breaking out of spiritual jail cells. And each and every one of us could never do it on our own. That's right. None of us could step into a jail cell of what the Satan has put upon us and we could just take a sledgehammer and just do it ourselves. We could never break out. That's right. We were bound. That's right. And that's the worst thing I see about young men and women today. They stay bound. Come on. They stay locked up. You know, I I was a I was a police officer and I put several people in prison and uh there was a gentleman one day that had uh he messed up pretty bad bad and uh we got a call and a woman had been able to escape this man and and she's she was abused by him and and she was strangled by him and he had kept her locked up and and so she was able to get free and use somebody's phone. They called and so we went and we, you know, helped her out and we went to the house to check his side of the story as well. And he come out like any other day. And he said, "What she said, I did, you know, thank the Lord for cameras." He told it all. He told the whole thing. Yeah. I wouldn't let her leave and I choked her and I beat her. You know, I just, you know, I made a mistake. And I said, "Well, thank you. I appreciate you being honest with me. It just makes it a whole lot easier all the way around. Reports, warrants, all of that. So, we get to the prison there at uh Hutchinson Inn there in Rockingham County and and he said, "Uh, so how long do you think I'll be here?" You know, I I don't know. That's not left up to me. He said, "Well, do you think I'll be able to make a phone call and call my boss and tell him I'll be a little late to work today?" I said, "You know, let's take care of some other paperwork. We'll see the magistrate and then you may get that phone call. You you may be able to Okay. Yeah. Thank you. That'd be great. Yeah. I you know, it's a new job and I don't want to get fired from it. Just like congratulations. [Applause] you know, he and he went to the magistrate and he did like he did to me and he told told him the whole story and he looked over at the magistrate and he said, "Now now I I was telling the officer I I'd like to call my my boss, tell him I'm going to be a little late to work and it's kind of a you almost like an inside joke, you know, between me and the magistrate. It's like he looks at me like after what this guy just told me. Yeah, he's not going to get out. He's going to be really late. Like several years late for that appointment, right? And and you know, it just it just tickled me. You know, he he took prison as a joke. He took it on lightly. He took all that he had done very lightly, very jovy. But there was laws that was placed. Come on. There was things that he had broken and now he's about to pay the price. Talking about being bound, he was there for several years. He may still be there. I'm not sure. It's been a while now. I've not been checking on him or anything, but but many times us in our human nature naturally and spiritually, we kind of break some things and we go, it wasn't that bad. Yeah. Come on, buddy. You know, come on. I know people that's that's doing the same thing I'm doing. Come on. Uhoh. And it's it's not that bad. Then they kind of got away with it and they, you know, they didn't suffer from any consequences thereof. Remember, naturally, and spiritually, the greatest is spiritually, right? Spiritually, when you sit in church, come on. Now, I'm not talking to anybody here. I'm just glad that y'all are here to listen to me this morning. But when you're sitting in church and and and you go, "Well, you know, they're getting by with it, so I can probably get by with you." Come on now. Don't be mistaken. Come on. Don't be caught in that cell. Don't be caught in that bound thing that would hold you back because it's may bind you and at worst bind your children. And then you're starting a locking chain down through each and every generation that you would have of I can get away with it. I got away with it. You'll get away with it. And you might not even say that, but that's the mind thought. That's the spiritual battle. Amen. Brother Brandon would say the choosing place, the battleground in the mind. The greatest battle ever fought. Ah, wars and spears and bombs, but it's right here. You don't know what's going on in men and women's lives in their mind, but Jesus does. Amen. When I talk about breaking the captives free, we're talking about sin. And what is sin? It's unbelief. Unbelief. Attributes are drinking, smoking, running around, breaking laws, natural laws. Unbelief. That's sin. Sin, shame, guilt, guilt for things you've done in the past. My I I just love the fact that he has come to break every single one of those things. To set each and every one of you that were captive. That's right. That were captive. The greatest thing that I can say is that you know we we are all sinners saved by grace this morning. Each and every one of us here accepting the blood of Christ. And you know Satan would come to you and he would say, "I know how you've acted. I know what you've did. And he would put guilt on you. Guilt for what you have done. That's right. But then Jesus comes. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, it just amazes me how free a Christian can be when Jesus fully comes in and you give him everything. That's right. You say, "God, you know every single one of my besetting sins, every single thing that I've ever done, all through the ages, all through my life, all through my parents' life, right? Every single one of them, you know them." And you give them to God. And what does God do? That's right. Amen. Clean slate. That's right. Clean. completely clean. And many times Satan will come and say, "Now, now Lord, now that person, they have some things that I know about in their life." And Jesus pulls up the book and he says, "Come on, you're using two different books, right? Because I I don't have that here." and you're standing there and you're like, "Yep, Satan, I did do that." And God's like, "Yep, not on my end." Thank you, Lord. And Satan's like, "No, no, no, no, no, no. You don't know him like I know him." But say, and Jesus says, "I think I do. I think I do. I I'm pretty sure that the blood I shed on Calvary, it wiped it all away. The blood that I shed, says Matthew Spencer. Thank you, Lord. Yep. That's it. Matthew Spencer. Matthew David Spencer. Yep. That's it. That's all I got on my end. He says the same thing about you. About you, Luke. He said, "Luke, clean slate." Amen. All of us. Brother Doug Bowman, Sister Chassity, Brother Chester, each and everyone. He'll pull he'll pull out your book of life and you said the blood applied when he shed his blood for me. I accepted that. All my sins. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. All of them captive. I was bound. sin, guilt, shame, ashamed, ashamed of what I did. That's right. But then he came and I say, "Lord, it's all under you." That's right. He He never even sees it. Thank you, Lord. Like you've never done it in the first place. But he wants you to go a little bit further. Amen. That's right. Not just to get a clean slate and then start all over again. That's right. No, it's to never return to slavery again. Never return to spiritual slavery again. Amen. This is not a debt collection agency where we're going to work out back and forth where you get a little bit of debt and we'll clean it off the slate and then after a while we'll call you back and say for a certain percent interest your sins can be negotiated. Uhoh. Don't go back. Don't go back. There's nothing to go back to. Nothing in this world to go back to. Amen. As I raise Titus up and India up, they'll hear hear stories about me. They'll know things about me. But I don't want them to go back to that. I'm telling them things for a reason and say, "Don't you go back just because I may have got away. Don't you try." That's right. Don't Don't Don't push your luck. Amen. Don't test it. That's right. Brother Brandham says in Israel and the church, it says, "The greatest thing that I find against the church tonight is fear." Everybody is scared to death about something. What are you scared about? If a man's born again, he should be happy, carefree, just like these fellas up here that was singing and brother testifying in the back there. Just free. Ain't nothing that can harm you. Nothing present, nothing future, nothing can separate us from the love of God that's in Christ. God has promised. But that's what Satan will put on you is fear. That's right. Fear. Fear kills dreams. Fear kills hopes. It fear will put you in the hospital. You'll be so tormented in fear of things. Dr. Google, you read Dr. Google on a symptom or pull something and say, "Now I I did this to that shoulder." And fear will put you in the hospital. It'll give you anxiety. And brother Brandham is saying that's the greatest thing that I find against the church today is fear. Fear. That's it. I find it that that fear I've said killed streams, but many times fear will not even let you start them. Fear will put you so bound in your mind, right? That you won't even make that step. Right. Right. That's right. We're in church. This is a building here. There's people in it. Preachers will come and speak. Sinners will come. That's where you come to get saved. But fear will take a sinner and they will say, "If you make a step, they will know you." These are all Christian folks here. Fear will hold you bound into that not even making that initial step to go forward in it. It'll keep you from your dream of being free. That's right. It will hold you back. Come on. That's the greatest thing that I find against the church today. He says, "Fear." Yeah. But Jesus says, "Fear not." Amen. I have not given you the spirit of fear. I have given you the spirit of sound mind and hope. Hallelujah. Amen. He didn't give Jesus didn't give that to you. Jesus didn't give you the spirit of fear. Amen. He come to crush it. He come to destroy fear. There's no promise in fear. None whatsoever. Amen. In Deuteronomy 31:6, and Moses is speaking to the people here, right before he gives them to Joshua to take them over into the land, and he says, "Be strong and of good courage." Now, they have been through a whole heap of a lot, a ton of things, and he's telling them, "Be strong and of good courage. Fear not, nor be afraid of them. Be afraid of them." Well, who's them? them. Uh things in life, Satan's traps, them giants in the land, them things that would hold you back, them be not afraid of them. For the Lord thy God, he it is that doth go with thee. He will He will not fail thee. He will not forsake thee. Amen. I love that promise. In my book, that's a promise. Be strong and of good courage. I'm not talking about being physically strong. It's good to have strength about you. But what is he speaking of? Hey, this is a spiritual walk here. Amen. It's a promise. And I'm holding fast to a promise. Be strong and of good courage. Fear not, nor be afraid of them. Don't you just love that this morning? Amen. Philippians 3:13 says, "Brethren, I count not myself to be apprehended. But this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth unto those things which are before, I press toward the mark of the prize of the high calling, God Christ Jesus." Paul humbling himself here. I have not yet arrived to all of it. I count not myself as apprehended, but I have fully embraced that there is a prize that is set before me. My past is nothing because I'm not looking back to my past. I am pressing forth as a runner presses forth in a race. He's not running backwards. He's not on a treadmill standing in one place just going at it. He's going forward. And that's what he's telling us to do in these scriptures. Press forward. That's right. Press forward to the prize that is set before you. Don't stop. Stay focused. Keep your eyes on the horizon. That's right. I love the story of Gideon as Gideon and all those men, 32,000 men of Israel that would go forth into battle. And you know, God spoke to him and said, "That's too many men." Because if they would have went down with 32,000 men, they would have said, "We did it on our own." Right. But God said, "You're going to limit them." And this is how you're going to limit them. Take them down to drink. And when they drink, I'm going to show you the ones that lap water like a dog. But the ones that keep their eyes on the horizon. There it is. Amen. What he end up with? He just ended up with 300 men. That's right. 32,000 to 300 men. Let me just tell you those other guys that got sent home, they probably didn't understand one bit. That's right. Not one bit. But see those 300, it's not in numbers. It's not in numbers, little bride. That's right. It's in keeping your eye on the horizon. There it is. On the horizon of what is the prize that is set before us. Come on. God has a prize. Amen. Come on, buddy. God has an end for each and every one of us. Keep an eye out for me. When you hear those wagon wheels coming down the road, my little bride. Oh yes. Step on in. Amen. Keep your eye on the horizon. That's right. Press forward. Don't look behind. Never going back. Amen. That's good. When Jesus talks about that anointing that is on him, it breaks I'd like to say yolks, not egg yolks. They're too valuable nowadays. Yolks are back in the olden days are are wooden contraptions that were put around oxen's head and they would have two oaks. One would be and then the two oxen, one would be a lead oxen and the other would be more of a follower. And that yoke that was holding them was heavy. It was hard. But it was there to hold them in restraint to keep them bound together so that one's not plowing this way, one's not plowing that way, but he's keeping you bound. in Isaiah 10 and 27. And it shall and it shall come to pass in that day that his burden shall be taken off from thy shoulder. Right? Who's your burden? Satan's burden. It's going to be taken off your shoulders. Come on. and his yoke from off thy neck, and the yoke shall be destroyed because of the anointing. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. I just love it. Isaiah is speaking of him, expressing him in just a little way here again. because of his anointing. Your yoke may be sin, guilt, like I've said, fear and anxiety, addiction, strongholds, legalism, come on. Religious, come on. Religious bindings, depression, trauma, shame. You have a yoke this morning. It's time to get rid of it. That's right. It it it is time to use the anointing to break that yoke. That's right. That's right. Speaking of all these things, all these yolks that you would have, you know, I said legalism, religious things, you know, as a child coming up through in the message young, I seen many things of legalism that would try to creep in churches. Amen. My there was there was one thing and I forgive me if this steps on your your shoes this morning, but this is what's held prodals from coming home is because their stinking legalism that they wanted to preach something other than this gospel. That's right. Come on now. Come on. Hey, this is the word. You can't wear red dresses. Can't wear red dresses. That's legalism. Why? There was one thing that I heard when I was young growing up said you can't have a mustache. And if you have a mustache, it's got to be a certain Where in the Bible? Come on. I I didn't know we were union. I mean, that's that's police force New York. I I mean, you're union workers here on biblical terms here. I forgive me. I got a beard. I I'm a real sinner this morning. My goodness. But as a child, I heard all those things of legalism and I thought to myself, I want no part of any of that. That's right. Bull. That's what it was. Just bull. people speaking that kind of stuff from the pull pit. I want it no part. And so what that does to you young people, it puts things on them that is not actually real. Come on. Hey, I growing up I hated that nonsense. I Oh, I hated that. Yeah, I still hate it. Yeah, I hate it even more today because we have prodals that are out there that is holding on to that thought that well I can't do that because that's not even true. Well, we don't believe that. That ain't us. There is something that has stepped forth and said, "Come out of her, my people. You are a bride. Spotless white raignnt come out of her. Prodals come home. Come home prodical. You won't hear it here. I'm here to break that bondage of yoke for you this. If that's what's holding you back, I'm here to break that this morning. Jesus Christ was here to break that for you. He said, "I'm going to destroy it. I'm going to destroy all of those things that's been holding y'all back. In Matthew, Jesus says, "Come unto me all ye labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Amen. Take my yoke, my yoke upon you, for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. For my yoke is easy and my burden is light. Now, he is not saying that you're not going to have any yoke, but he wants you to have his. That's right. And as I was speaking of those two oxen, one's a leader and one's a follower. And he is here to carry the burden that you're holding. That yoke, it's not a a hard yoke. It's an easy one. Thank you, Lord. All ye are burdened and heavy laden. I will give you rest. That's right. Good. You know, I I I love just the fact of when Jesus was born in a manger. What did Mary wrap him in? Swaddling clothes. That's right. Maybe she had just pulled it off of a a wooden yolk there that morning and wrapped him in it. It wasn't pretty. It wasn't beautiful. Smelt like oxen. sweat, hair, laboring through the fields. And she wrapped him in it. That's right. And then he would come to say, "Take my yoke." See, he knew what it was about. He knew bondages that would hold you. I'll give you rest this morning. Amen. Yes, Lord. I'll give you peace. Yes. I'll break those things that held you bound and I will lead you. I will lead you through this world. I'll give you to a promise. I'll give it over to you. Amen. His His yoke won't crush you. It won't destroy you. It won't burden you with things in a life. It will lift you up. It'll give you peace. A peace that passes all understanding. Amen. His yoke, his presence brings freedom. Freedom awaits you this morning. If you're bound by life, by circumstances, of things, it awaits you. Freedom awaits you this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Chains that would hold you back, things that would keep you, give them over to him. That's what I've spoke about all morning here. Give them over to him. He went to that grave for you. He went to that cross for you. His blood was shed for you to break every yoke, to break every chain that would hold you back. Amen. Amen. That's it. I love that story of Legion and how Jesus there would be coming across the waters. 10,000 10,000 devils would say, "I we got to kill him." But he would step on the brow of the boat. Peace be still. Waves you quiet. Brother Brandon would say it like this. said, "I can see for Legion's sake there was a grayheaded woman on the other side there praying for him, praying for her son, and there he'd come to the shores. There he would make his way and legion." Maybe we'll just dramatize it here for a minute if you don't mind. I I like a little drama here. Amen. says, "I was legion." Maybe he's sitting on a rock there, now clothed and in his right mind. And he's telling all of the story here, right? I was legion. Legion now free. reflecting on what God had done, what Jesus had done for him. Legion, not because I had a name, but because I had no self left. That's right. I lived among the tombs. Not because I like the dead. And that's what the spirit will do to you. It'll kill you inside. That's right. I lived amongst the dead, not because I like the dead, but because something inside of me had already died. Chains, there's no change that could hold me. But freedom, it felt impossible. Come on. Oh, the voices, thousands screaming lies in my head. Day and night screaming. They wouldn't stop trembling. I felt blood, my blood on my hands, but then he came. Jesus came. Thank you, Lord. I ran toward him, not to worship him at first. Not at first. But those demons inside of me, they knew it. They said, "Torrman us not." They were trembling. They were trembling in me. Gone. With one word, one word, what no chain could ever do. He silenced the voices. He drove them out. All of them gone. The first time in years I could hear my own thoughts. I could feel the sunlight on my face and not flinch. I set his feet clothed and in my right mind. Amen. People were afraid of me. Not because I was wild anymore, but because of what he had done. Amen. Thank you, Lord. And they couldn't explain it. They weren't afraid of those spirits that was in me, but now they was afraid for the fact that they could not explain what had happened to me. I begged to go with him. How could I not? Wouldn't you? Oh, yeah. Wouldn't after all that he has done for you, wouldn't you beg to just go with him? He saved me. He saw me. But he said, "No, you go home and you tell them all that the Lord has done and had mercy on you." Amen. All of it. So now I tell anyone that will listen, there's no chain too strong. Come on. No, no darkness too deep, no soul too lost that Jesus can't set free this morning. I was legion, but now I am his. So whatever chain that you have holding you back this morning, he's here to break it. Whatever spirit that you have holding you back this morning, he's here to take that off of you. Amen. He's here to break it. I am his. Won't you say say I am his. I am his. You know, if you say something long enough, you actually start believing it. I am his. Amen. I heard a little thing the other day. He said, "If you put I am in front of anything you're hoping for, most of the time it comes true." Why? because that is the greatest one that is amongst us. I am. I am his. Won't you stand with us this morning? Aren't you glad you're his this morning? Aren't you glad that you can say that yoke that held me bound? Oh, on resurrection morning. Oh, it's Easter. It's Easter this morning. The Son is risen. Amen. Hallelujah. He's alive. Thank you, Lord. He's alive in our hearts today. Aren't you so thankful that that he's alive in your heart? Amen. Amen. Amen. Maybe we'll sing, I know my redeemer lives. I know he lives this morning. How do you know he lives? He's in me. That's it. He's in me. Who taught the son where to stand in the morning? And who told the ocean you can only come this far? Oh, and show the moon where to hide to leave me whose words alone. [Music] Yes. My [Music] [Applause] [Music] redeemer. I know my redeemer. [Music] All creation. There's a life. There is life within me. God. Oh, I know. My [Music] redeemer. The very same God has been things in all. He runs to the we the we and the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken. They conquered death to bring me [Music] victory. Now I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh my [Music] go within Christ. Oh, I know my redeemer [Music] lives. Oh yes, he lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I [Music] bro for my sin was the precious life he gave. But now he's alive and there's an empty [Music] gra and I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh, I know my redeemer. He [Music] lives. Let all creation testify his life within me cry. Oh, I know that my redeemer he lives. Yes, I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh my redeemer [Music] he let all creation [Music] testify his life within me Christ. Oh, I know my redeemer [Music] lives. All my words fall [Music] short. I've got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I do. Every song must be in your [Music] name. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. [Music] All that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else for a [Music] king except for a hearty eyes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one word. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. All that I have [Music] is and I know it's not much and I'm nothing else for a king except for a heart Sing [Applause] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside the get up and praise the Lord. So come my soul. Won't you again shine on me? Lift up your souls. You got a lion inside. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come my soul. Oh, don't you get shy. Lift up your soul cuz you got a lion inside of get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. It's all that I have is a [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much, but I have nothing else for me except for a heart singing hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] So come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. You've got a lion inside those flowers. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh cry out. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your soul cuz you've got a lion. I love get up and praise the Lord. Oh, come. Oh, don't you get shy on [Music] me. You've got a [Music] lion, get up and praise the Lord. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. All that I have [Music] is I know it's not much but I'm nothing else for [Music] me for our hearts. heart sing [Music] [Music] hallelujah. Amen. Let us rejoice in what the Lord has done this morning. Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Rejoice. Look where he brought us from. Stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. I remember way back when I was living in darkness. He sent a light around me so I could see my way out. And when the lamb arose to flame, I clearly saw my name. And when I think about it, I let out a great big shout. [Music] Rejoice. Look what the Lord has done. He drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. Oh, rejoice. Just look where he brought us from. Stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. You know the enemy's always trying to keep us defeated. [Music] He always seems to point us to everything that's going wrong. But if we'll only keep our eyes on this message he has brought us, the joy will begin to swell up. We'll be singing a brand new song. Rejoice. Just look what the Lord has [Music] done. Oh, rejoice. Look where he brought us from. Just stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. One more time. Rejoice. We got something to rejoice [Music] about. Oh, he drove away the darkness at the rising of the sun. [Music] Oh, rejoice. Look where he's brought us from. Oh, stop and think about it. Look what the Lord has done. Aren't you thankful for what the Lord has done this morning? Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Amen. Before we be dismissed here, I want to make an announcement. I had make it had forgot to make it earlier. There will be Easter goodies for the church in the back. For the little kids up to 11 years old and the yak group ages 12 to 20 years old, please see Sister Anna, Sister Carly in the back. So, if you would, and if they would have extra ones, um, they will pass those out as well after everything's left over there. So, amen. God richly bless you this morning. I hope you have a wonderful Easter. Amen. Thank you for being such a just a tentive group this morning. Thank you. Let's give our brothers another hand clap of praise for the word they brought to us this morning and give the Lord thanks for the joy and what he's done for us. Amen. I believe he's coming back as we prepare this morning this message. High upon a mountain from where he ascended, the angel of the Lord declared that it would be. He said, "Don't stand here a grieving for the one that you see leaving in like manner is coming back for you and me. And I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe that the trumpet's going to sound so loud. One day it's going to wake the day in the twinkling of an eye. He'll split that eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like a sing. I believe the time is near that soon we'll see his appearing. This could be the hour. Oh, this could be the day when the saints from every nation will lose their gravitation in the middle of the air to be [Music] called. And I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe that the trumpet's going to sound so loud one [Music] day in the dreaming of he'll split that eastern sky. I believe he's coming back like he said. Yes, I believe he's coming back like he said. I believe that the
