################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - June 15, 2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - God Our Father - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   June 15, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - God Our Father
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8PVRO8bUoDQ
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] It's already done. It's already done. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Can you sing it from your heart this morning? Oh, it's already done. It's already done. The battle is over. Victory is won. It's already done. Once again. Oh, it's already done. Halleluah. It's already done. The victory is over. Victory is won. It's already done. The next verse. Oh, I have overcome. Hallelujah. I have overcome. The battle is over. Victory is won. Oh, I have overcome. I have overcome. Oh, I have overcome. Oh, I have overcome. [Music] The battle is over. The victory is won. Oh, I have overcome. Oh, I am here this morning. Oh, I am already here. Do you believe it? Oh, I'm already here. For the battle is over. The victory is one. I'm already here. Oh, clar me one more time. Oh, I am already here. Oh, I'm already here. The battle is over. Victory is won. Oh, I'm already here. Can you claim it one more time? Oh, glory. Oh, oh, I'm already here. He is the high priest of your confession. Oh, I am already here. Lord, the battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already here. [Music] Hallelujah. We thank the Lord for his grace this morning for the service. We want justified brother Lawrence. He has a testimony. Uh and if we can just share his testimony with us this morning. God bless you. He's already [Music] victory. It's already done. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Oh, it's already done. [Music] It's already done. [Music] The battle is over. The victory is won. It's already won. Hallelujah. Amen. Is the tears of joy. Amen. Amen. Sometimes we don't know the good works of God and sometimes we just come to church. But do we actually know the reason why we come to church? Do we actually have faith? Saints, I'm here to testify this morning towards the goodness of God. [Music] It was um May 21st. left my family, I went to work and I work with um Coca-Cola in Egan and the unit where I work at basically at night I'm alone and I'm I work with the shipping and receiving area and it's kind of far away from the other areas where you have the production and the receiving area. Now this night my wife and I spoke. We always communicate at night you know and after a while I after sitting down you know you want to stretch yourself and get the the body blood moving in your body at least to stretch. And while I was doing that stretch I decided to do a sit up since I just passed out. I just passed out. The grace of God woke me up. Amen. The grace of God woke me up because nobody was there. When I woke up, I look at myself. I said, "Wow, I just died. What happened?" And my heart start pounding heavily. So I went I sat on the chair. I starting my mouth. Saliva start coming out. So I called 911. So the lady asked me, "What's your emergency?" I said, "Oh, I can't breathe." Well, he said, "Okay, just stay with me. Stay with me." So within that course, I decided again to at least I try to I just decided to be strong. I said, "No, nothing will happen." So I woke up and decided to use the restroom. I got in the restroom again. I passed out there again. I woke up again. My goodness, this God is great. Amen. The God is great. Don't don't don't play church as pas one normally say. Let's serve God in truth and in spirit. Amen. I woke up again. I went and sat down within that cause the emergency people arrive and I called the supervisor from the other unit. They came and they asked me what happened and I explained and you know I start feeling my heart still. So they decided to go to get me on the stretcher. I said, you know, I I'll get on the stretcher. I still try to deny that. I mean, nothing happened. So I I lied on the stretcher and they put me in a van in the ambulance and they start doing the I mean open the IV lines and everything and asked me all the question. So I was taken to United Hospital down in St. Paul. And within that cause my wife called. So she asked what happened. I said, "Oh, no. It's not anything." She thought I was actually maybe in the office listening to something while people were talking around. I said, "I'm fine. Nothing happened." She said, "You sure?" I said, "Oh, yeah, yeah, I'll be fine." I said, "I'll call you back." You know, so within that call, they took me down to St. hall and I was handed over to the the night uh emergency uh to the night nurses, those emergency unit and they start um doing their checks. They run all the the the the checks and I asked them I said, "Oh, I want to use the restroom again." They say, "You strong enough?" I said, "Oh, yes, I'm strong enough." I walked. They let me in the restroom. I use the restroom. After that again I passed out in that in the restroom. So they noticed that something happened. They rushed in. They said no this this is serious. So they got me again. They all staff came and they lifted me up and I had to go for and and I had to go and do the city scan. After they did the city scan they still were doing other checks. So the nurse came I said oh uh but what is actually happening? He said, "Oh, this is not a good news for you. You have blood clot in your lungs." I said, "Oh my god." I said, "Yeah, that's that's serious." He said, "You only have to do a procedure to go to get those lungs out, those blood clots out." I said, "Wow." So, I called brother one. I explained to brother one the situation. I said, "But um I didn't call my wife. I never wanted to let her panic. So, I just called brother one to let him know." So I said brother one you can also inform my wife that this is the situation I'm in but um God is taking control God is in control of everything. Yeah. So I was just praying. I was just praying and calling on the name of Jesus. Just calling on the name of Jesus that things will be fine. And since things just went fine after everything it happened around um 4 a.m. in the morning around 5 everything was uh done. They do all their checks and 6 I was taken into the room to do the procedure. So I was taken in. It was like a two hours procedure. They did that and all the cloth came out. wife have samples of the cloth in her photograph. So I say, "Wow, is this what actually came out?" They say, "Yes." So I just want to thank God for this. Bless God since for your prayers. It has been a tough journey. But God is great. God is good. To God be the glory. Let's let's let's keep serving him. He's so wonderful. He's so great. He's so marvelous. Our God is good. Amen. That's it. I told I told the devil, I said, "You're a liar. Devil, you lie. Devil, you're a liar. You've been defeated." Amen. So, let's sing this song again. He's already won. Thank you, brother. God bless you. [Music] He's already done. is already done. Oh, [Music] the battle is over. The victory is won. Is already done. God bless you, saints. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I sing uh uh until you know the love of God, you know nothing. [Music] If we have that chorus there, let's sing it. [Music] Let's sing the love of God then. The love of God. The love of God is great a father. And so no pain [Music] can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest [Music] and riches. [Music] The Lord is here. [Music] The guilty man bow down with [Music] your gift to win his child. be reconciled and part of [Music] full love of God. Oh love of God, [Music] how rich and pure, how meure and [Music] We shall ever more [Music] than your son. Praise the Lord. We want to thank the Lord for rescuing our brother. Amen. We pray that uh uh the Lord will give him a speed of recovery and then he will come back to leading psalms. Amen. You will do a better job than what I'm doing. And I have a few praise report here and uh uh from uh Sister Mary uh from Sister Mary Shalom Saints. One of my grandson just completed high school uh his high school education. And I want to I want to bless the Lord for the grace and mercy upon him. uh asks uh prayer for him as he navigates through his life uh uh on certain path and uh that's from sister Mary and uh there's uh uh sister Mary grandson of uh her daughter visit there all sometime uh and then went to be with the lord so uh that's that are special to her. This is from my brother Dian also. Praise the Lord. Since I had a very wonderful trip and some challenges, but in all I saw the hand of God, I thank you all for your prayers. I sincerely appreciate it. God bless you all in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I think I see Ben, Sister Alice, you all are welcome. I hope the Lord grants you uh a wonderful trip. I know uh it was uh uh hardest challenges but I pray that the Lord will strengthen you all and and bring comfort to you. Praise the Lord. Few prayer needs here. We want to uh remember um [Music] this is from brother uh Andrew Boscout uh over from in Shivak Alaska. Uh brother Eric uh from our church and his family is uh is falling apart. He confessed that it is his fault and is making the effort to make things right and uh and God knows what they are. Pray for his wife, Sister Lisa who is broken. May the Lord God touch their family and restore them. Amen. when I saw that prayer need uh I know because I know the brother in the family so it became a little bit special to me also uh let's pray for sister Anita uh the doctor at the hospital couldn't find anything that was causing the chest pain she is following up with uh uh cardio on Thursday uh she is also previously scheduled for an MRI uh on her pancreas. We pray that the Lord uh will grant her full deliverance from pain. Praise the Lord. And uh uh another need here. Oh, praise report. Praise the Lord. Please join me in in prayer for my brother. Uh he was involved in a car accident, but we give God praise that nobody that there was no death. Was that Elijah? Okay. Okay. That's uh young brother Elijah. We pray for him. Let's let's go. Let's bow our heads and go to the Lord in prayer. Um God is so good. Let's let's play there while we take these knees to the Lord in prayer. [Music] God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, God is so so good. God is so so good. [Music] God is so good. He's so good to me. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. [Music] God is so good and he is so good. Yes, you. He answered prayer. Oh, he answered prayer. [Music] He answer [Music] he has pray so good too. And that's why I love him so I love his [Music] I love you so and he's so good to Let us pray together. As much of the needs that you will remember, we also want to remember uh brother Wesley and sister carrot spoke to them this morning and our sister to stay in peace. We pray that the Lord will just move on her behalf. Let's just leave our assembly in the hands of the Lord and we just want to thank God for giving us another Father's Day. We want to pray for every family in our midst and uh that the Lord will just bless every home. Let's pray together in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you. We want to appreciate you God, Father, for giving us this time. Oh God, we just bless your name, Lord. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you your honor, Father God, because you are worthy to be praised, Lord Jesus. There's no one that is like unto you, oh God. Oh father, we just so we are so grateful Lord God. We are so grateful. We are so thankful father Lord God that Lord God you have given us this time oh God father to come together Lord Jesus also to raise our voices oh God father Lord to worship you oh God father because you are the king of glory oh God you are the lord of righteousness oh God you are the prince of peace oh father there's no one that is like unto you oh god almighty god we pray father god lord jesus that lord god you would just be father lord Lord. Oh God, thank you for brother Lawrence. Lord, thank you. You are a depressing help in time of trouble. Father, Lord, thank you for blessing brother Dan strength. Oh God, Father, being with brother Ben and sister Alice, giving them a safe travel back, Father, we just want to thank you, Lord God. Father, this morning, Lord, we pray remembering uh uh Brother Elijah, your grace would just be with him, oh Father God. Lord, we just pray that Lord, oh God, you would take complete control of the situation, Lord. Our father, we pray to God for brother Ed and his family Lord God that is falling apart. We pray that God you will help our brother. We pray that God you will rescue the situation Lord Jesus. Almighty God, Father, we pray for sister Anita. Your grace Lord Father, we step in health situation. Oh God, oh we just want to thank you, Father, we want to thank you Lord God. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor Lord Jesus. Oh Almighty God, Father, thank you this morning, Lord God, for every family. Oh God, Father, Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, we want to thank you for every father. We want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for every home. We pray, oh God, Father, Lord God, that you would just bless us in your presence, oh Lord, we love you. We thank you, Lord. We say what an awesome God you are. We say what a wonderful father you are, Lord Jesus. You are the present help in time of trouble. Almighty God, blessed be your holy name, Father. Blessed be your holy name, sweet Jesus. We thank you, Lord. We just appreciate you, Father God. What an awesome God you are, Father. Oh Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Father, thank you, Lord God. Just come and bless us in your presence this morning. just come and be with us Lord Father God this morning Lord in the name of the Lord God Almighty we ask the blessings now in Jesus name he's so good he's so good amen let's just uh sing this song we are together again we stand let's uh greet one another in the name of the Lord Jesus we are together again just praising the Lord something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. Amen. Let's greet one another. [Music] Something new is going to happen. Something wonderful is store. Together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Just raising the Lord. We are together again in wonderful. Oh, something good happening. Something wonderful. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Just crazy. We are together again in one call. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something wonderful. We are together again. Just praise him. One more time. We are together again. That's crazy. We are together again. Something good is going to be something wonderful. We are together again. Oh, just praising one more. We are together again. Just raising the Lord. We are together again in one day. Oh, something good to happen. Something good is so we are together again just praising the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I will enter his gates. Let's enter his gates with thanksgiving this morning. Amen. [Music] I will enter. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his way. Oh, I will sing this. I will rejoice for me. Yes, I will enter. I will enter my house and I will say this is the day and the I will rejoice for you. Oh, he has me. He has me. I am he. Oh yeah. He has me. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has. Oh yes. He has made me. Yeah. Heat. I am I will rejoice one more time. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. [Applause] He has me. Oh yeah, he has. I am so glad. I will rejoice for you. Just my One more time. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has Oh yes. He has me. He has me. I am. I will rejoice for you. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. I love that man from Galilee. Amen. in the banger long ago. I know it really was. So clap your hands now. That's worshiping the Lord [Music] in a long I know they really was born to save him from the sin. John saw him on the shore. the lamb forever more. Oh Christ the crucified of Calary. Oh I love the man from so very much for me. He's forgiving all my sins the Holy Ghost with me. Oh, I love I love God from God to pray in the air. He cry to me. He was forgiving every single [Music] me. Oh my Lord coming from Galile so very much for me. Oh yes he forgiving all my sins the Holy Ghost with me. Oh I love I love the dead from Galilee. [Music] Oh, I love the man from Gal for he have done so very much for me. Oh, he forgive me all my sins. Bless the Holy Ghost with me. And I lost I lost the hand of God on me. One more time in that verse was made to you. That was that power was walking with upon the sea and the time was made to see. I know it may be the mercy of the man of God. Oh yes, I was the home of Gary. For he have done so very much for me. He forgive all my sins with the Holy Ghost with me. Oh, I want I lost a man from God from. Oh yes, I love the man from Galilee. For he have done so very much for me. He was forgiving of my sins. The Holy Ghost with me. Oh, I love I love the man from Galilee. [Music] Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. We thank the Lord for another opportunity we have to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. And we want to say happy Father's Day to all our fathers. All of you young men. Happy Father's Day. Special happy Father's Day to you people. Amen. Because you are yet to discover what it is. Amen. But we want to thank the Lord. We want to thank the Lord. And uh let's sing this chorus and then we can change the order of the service. Maring over to Jerusalem. Yeah. [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, we are might rule the land. We are rules. We rules. We rules. Oh yeah. We are Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] Super. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's let's just sing this chorus and u [Music] Jesus you are the center of my joy. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's sing it together now as we just worship him. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Oh yes. and all that's good and perfect that comes from you. You Jesus Jesus. I want to hear you singing. Oh yes, Jesus, you're the center of my joy. [Music] And all that's good and perfect comes from you. You the heart of my content for all I do. Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Let's do that one more time there. Sweet Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Do you feel like that this morning? And all that's good and perfect comes from you. You're the heart of my contentment for all I do. Sweet Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Thank you, Father. Yes, Lord. You're the center of my Yes, Jesus. Your word bring rejoicing to our heart. To God, your presence, oh father, Lord, is enough. [Music] You are the true contentment Lord. Because only you can satisfy. Oh yes Jesus. Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Let's sing it to him now. Sweet Jesus, you the center of my joy. All that's good and perfect comes from you. From you, Lord. You the heart of my contentment. hope for all I do. Sweet Jesus, you're the center of my joy. Father, that's how we feel, Lord. God, that you are the center of our joy. When you are taken out, everything is useless. Everything, Father, is useless. We can be surrounded with money and billions and whatever. Lord, if you are not in the center, nothing holds. Nothing holds. Father, if you're not in the center of our life, nothing holds. If you are not in the center, if you are not the center of this assembly, it can never hold together. If you are not the center of our home, it won't hold together. You are the center of the universe, Lord. and every good and perfect gift come from you. That's the reason why, Father, we give you thanks in all things, Lord. For everything we know working together for good. We may not see it. We may not feel it, Lord. But God, you are the center of our joy. You're the center of our life. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Father, as we celebrate your word, Lord God, as we worship around your word, we we just pray that, Father God, you will come and just break your word to our hearts. So, Father, Lord, may we have an entrance into your presence this morning, Lord God. May we leave this building, Lord, Father God, and go into your presence, Lord Jesus. May we not just be caught, Lord, Father God, by looking at faces, Lord, and and and looking at one another, but may we just go into your presence. May we hear the call this morning. Come up higher. Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes father. Yes so precious Lord. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Sweet Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Father, if there is ever the time that a mortal needs help is right now Lord and I would pray that God you just come and be our help Lord be our helpful oh father Lord God to be able to bring forth your word and also Lord God to be able to hear and receive your word. Father we also want to just uh remember our community, remember our city Lord. Father, we know the news that we woke up to yesterday and uh we want to pray for those families that are hurting. Oh God, Father, we will we will miss our duty. We will miss our responsibility. The church is supposed to be the lighthouse. We cannot be the lighthouse. Oh God, Father, if we are not acknowledging what is taking place in our community, we pray that Father God, you bring comfort to those families, Lord. We pray that Lord God you uh you you just heal their hearts. So Father God, you just bring this whole man home to an to an end. Oh God, that another life would not be involved. Oh, Father God, and we just seeing all everything that is happening around the nation, everything happening around the world. Uh we see Iran and Israel going out there Lord and and uh we've uh know about Ukraine and Russia but father you say we must lift for our heads because our redemption drawing nigh so we want to look to you this morning our hope our hope our defense please come Lord take the words from my heart this morning and give it to your people speak to us Lord in a way that only you can do it in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Thank you. Thank you musicians. Thank you. Thank you for holding our spirit before the Lord. And once again, we want to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. And again, we say happy father's day to all of you fathers. Let's take our Bibles and uh we want to read a verse here and I will have have you to take the comfort of your seat and then uh we will we will get into what we want to we want to read together. [Music] If we want to go to Matthew chapter 6, Matthew chapter 6, we finish with Matthew chapter 5, Matthew chapter 6. Matthew chapter 6, let's read from verse 9. I will read uh the first verse and uh you read the second. We will all read uh uh the 13th verse together. Matthew chapter 6:9. After this manner, therefore pray ye. Our Father, which are in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Kingdom come, thy will be done on earth. Give us this day our daily bread. Let's read verse 13 together. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from all evil. For thine is thy kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen. For if ye forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will fall. Your heavenly father will also forgive you. But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive you forgive your trespasses. Amen. Father, we will ask blessing upon your word and uh and ask that Lord God you come and help us Lord as we speak on your behalf in Jesus name. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Let's go to Romans chapter 1. We read that uh uh uh just for the scripture reading for us to be able to do a scripture reading together. And uh uh but I want to speak on something this morning as we find a subject to talk about uh a father. I'm not too ceremonial. I'm trying to be but I don't know how to do it. Well, you just find the right message for the right vocation. Okay. Praise the Lord. And uh maybe when uh brother Jordan come from off of leave, he will do that. But for now, you just got to bear with me. Amen. You'll just got to bear with me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Before we go into our message this morning, I was uh I was uh I was sharing something with uh with brother Ariel. the last time when brother Ary preached what uh what an amazing message he brought that day and uh uh it was wonderful. We uh we enjoy it. We appreciate it. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh uh But while he was reading the scripture, uh it's kind of a teasing him yesterday and we were we were fellowshipping. You know, I feel I feel blessed. You know, I feel very very blessed. Uh couple of years ago, it was brother Lloyd. He was uh uh our song leader and also uh he was uh a son. He was a cold preacher. Then brother uh Jordan came on the scene. Brother Dan, he's he's always here. Amen. Uh he's always here. He's the deacon. So we can turn the church over to him and go anytime. Praise the Lord. So he's a homebody. He's a homebody. Uh I've been trying to see traveling in him is not too much. He looks like a homebody. So uh it's always good to have somebody you know is is at home. Amen. And uh uh but then Lord has to go into uh going into starting the business and all the things and then he moved away in and right there the brother uh the Lord brought brother Eric along. He was here but uh uh now preaching at the time so I'm I'm very grateful. uh Luke chapter Luke chapter 19, he read the story of Zakius. And the reason why it caught my mind because I was sitting right there where brother Kenneth is sitting and uh and he was reading the scripture, but when he read this part, I sat there, I said to myself, I hope the people caught it. I just said it to myself like that. I said, Lord, I hope the people caught it. And uh and after the service, I just came back from uh Michigan uh and I was so wept out. So I didn't even have strength to sing before I would say a word. I just left it like that. But I kept thinking about it and say I hope the people caught it because Wednesday night I have just commented on something in their line and uh I'd like to share with you before we go into our message this morning. I could make a whole se out of it but uh not today. and uh uh right there in in Luke chapter 19, let's read from verse 8. Now, what I want us to look at, what I want us to look at and pay attention to is that we've been talking about the lawgiver. And what we've been trying to show that uh the Lord was actually God expressing his desire. He was not giving us a commandment because none of us can keep God's commandment. Amen. He was just trying to make us to know his precept. his principle because God works by principle. All the laws of God are set in principle. Whatever you saw, that's what you're going to read. Amen. Amen. If you really want to understand the law of contracts, read the book of proverb. Solomon spoke a lot in the law of contracts. There is a wicked, there is a righteous. The wicked king does it. They say they suffer. You know, he spoke a lot of the law. So, God works in the lord of contracts. So, there is a principle here that uh that I want us to see. Let's read from verse 8. Uh and Zakius stood no verse 9 read too much. And Jesus said unto him, "This day is this scripture fulfilled." Amen. And Jesus said unto him, "This day is salvation come to this house. For so much as he also is a son of Abraham." Now underline there. He's a son of Abraham. Every one of us, our faith goes back to Abraham. We are son of Abraham by faith. Are we together now? So, no, I I went ahead of myself. I went ahead of myself. Uh verse 8, verse 8 was what I was supposed to read because the principle is in verse 8. Jesus came. He called Lazarus. He says, "I must go to your house." Verse eight, Lazarus said, I mean Zakius said, Oh my God. Zakius said. And Zakius stood and said unto the Lord, "Behold, Lord, the half of my goals I gave to the poor. And if I have taken anything from any man by force accusation, this is the principle, I restore him forth." Now on Wednesday night, the Wednesday before he read this, that's what I sat down. I says, "Lord, I hope I hope they saw the principle. Let Lazarus is I mean, so Lazarus, Jesus, Zakius, Zakius, Zakius, put in your head, brother Zakius. Amen. You're too young to be messing up like that. Zakius is saying there if I've taken anything falsely, I will restore it four times. Now you can see that he was taught in the law of Moses. You remember what Moses said in Exodus 22? Exodus 22. Do we want to read that? Verse one. If any man shall steal an ox or a sheep or kill it or sell it, he shall restore five oxin. If it's an oxin is five time. If it's a sheep is four times. Are we together? Amen. Now, he being a seed of Abraham, he's not an ox. He's a sheep. We are sheep of his pasture. Okay, I just I want to keep the the thought uh in context. And uh he says if uh Moses so so this is God's principle. This is God's statue. This principle is a principle of restoration across the board. God as as as it appears unto the people like a commandment to God. I'm giving you my principle. When I'm doing any form of restoration, I will have to do it four times or fourth. Are we together? Now, we read this also. Nathan came to David after David has fell with Bsheba. 2 Samuel 12 verse 5. And David anger was greatly counter against the man because Nathan came he wanted to bring David to conviction. Amen. So what he did was he took what Moses said. A man steal a sheep he must restore it four times. He took what Moses said and he put it into a parable. There was one man that have many sheep and there was another man that have one sheep. Why? Because we are his sheep of his of his pasture. So you have to you have to keep it in that context. Amen. And then Natan tell uh uh David and this man that have many sheep took this man own a sheep. David got angry and he said, the Bible says, "And David anger was greatly kind of against the man." And he said to Nathan, "As the Lord liveth, the man that thus the man that have done this thing shall surely die." When he said that, then Nathan knew that I have caught him. He's been caught by the word. But that's not what the word says. The word never said the man that stole a sheep must die. What did the word says? He must restore it. So NATO must keep the word. He's a prophet. He must not put, he must not add, he must not subtract. So he tells David, he says, and and and and uh uh David is speaking here now. The man that don't he he must surely die. and he shall restore the lamb forth. Why? Because David also is a student of the word. He knows that is what God's word require. Are you seeing the principle? It's a principle that runs across the board. It runs across the board. It runs It runs into our life. It runs into our redemption. It runs into Israel redemption. Uh uh uh uh uh. Come on you now preacher. Do better than this. Genesis chapter 15. If you read Genesis chapter 15 from verse 13 to verse uh 16, God told Abraham, are we together? He told Abraham verse uh Genesis chapter 15. Now the reason why I'm trying to do this is because if we don't if we don't understand the principle by which God works with brother Brandham in a message key to the door he called it key. Brother Brandham says the way he was able to find the church is messenger of every age because there's a keystone revelation. What is that keystone revelation? It's a principle. When God told Moses, Exodus chapter 25 to build a tabernacle, he said, "Build it just like the faction." He gave Moses a pattern. That pattern is a principle. That's the way the tabernacle was built. That's the way Solomon built his temple. That is the way that God is dealing with us. That is the way the new Jerusalem is built because it's a principle. Are we together? Now look at this now. Genesis chapter 15 and uh verse 13. Look right here. Uh uh I just want to go over this before I get into my little thing I want to share with you. And he said to Abraham, God is speaking to know for sure it that the sea shall your seed shall be in a strange land that is not theirs and shall serve them. And they shall afflict them for how many years? Four 400 years. Four generation. What is that? Restoration. Amen. Because they were stolen out of their land. They will be restored back after four generation. Now see what he says here. You can read the the the the rest of it. And uh uh verse 15, thou shalt go to thy father in in peace. Thou shall be buried in a good old age. But in the fourth generation, the first was Abraham, second was Isaac, third was Jacob, the fourth was Jacob's sons. Moses was a son of Levi or the son of Amra. So it was in the fourth generation that God came down to do what? Restore them back to their land. Are we together? Restoration of the bride in the book of Joah chapter 2. What did the prophet Jo say? What the locusters, the conqueror wound, the caterpillar, how many beasts there was four. And God say I were restored. Are we together? Are you seeing the principle? David said in a psalm, restore my soul. How is God restoring our soul? Justification. sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost and the Holy Ghost himself. It brings us back to complete restoration. Are you seeing the principle? Are we together? Masterpiece. Brother, we preach masterpiece and tell us that God masterpiece was placed on full foundation. What did he said? Abraham of faith, Isaac of love, Jacob of grace, Joseph of perfection to bring us back, to bring Israel back. Praise the Lord. is a principle not just for knowledge but it's a principle that is that is uh that is recognized in the way that God is dealing with us. Amen. Are we together? So, let's go to what we want to talk about this morning. That just uh uh was over my head. I was just thinking about it, Lord. And and I will you know Jesus said uh the Holy Ghost will remind you. So now if I start preaching about it next morning again, I'm just reminding you, okay? I'm just reminding you this morning. uh with the help of the Lord. I want to speak on a little subject I entitled God our father. God our father. Romans chapter 7. Romans chapter 7. Romans chapter 7. God our father. Praise the Lord. No. Romans chapter 1 verse 7. Romans chapter 1 verse 7. God our father. Romans chapter 1 verse 7. Paul in his greetings to the church in Rome. To all that be in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints. Grace to you and peace from God our father and the Lord Jesus Christ. Now this is the book of Romans. If you go to most of all Paul greetings beside Hebrew and there is a reason why Paul changed his greetings in the book of Hebrew because his the book of Hebrew his message was identified to the Jews. They had not believed Jesus. So he had to come up with a greetings. The God in Sundra times that spoke to our fathers in these last days. So his greeting was completely different. But if you look in in in in in Romans, you look in Corinthian, you look in Philippian, you look in Paul always have the same form of greetings. 11 times Paul used these greetings. Grace to you and peace from God our father. 11 times he used it. Grace and peace to you from God our father. Are we together? So we want to talk on uh a subject called God our father. Also in Paul episode he had uh he had different forms of greetings. He had different forms of greeting. Let's let's just dwell on this one because we don't have much time. But there was another one I was looking at where he says uh uh God the father of God the f God God and the father of. I was going to talk on God the father of but uh uh I just I just changed it. Let's talk about God our father. Praise the Lord. Because uh the the reason the reason that is is important is that you have to know where Paul came from. He says, "I was a Pharisees of the Pharisees." He says, "I was one that was taught by Galia, one of the best teachers we had." So this young man was taught in the Torah from cover to cover. But for him to be given the revelation of Jesus Christ after his experience on the road of Damascus, it changed his life and it will change your life. The revelation of Jesus Christ will change your life. You can never be the same. That's right. Amen. You can never read God's word the same. You can never live the same. Praise the Lord. We we come short of our responsibility to God because of a lack of revelation. Praise the Lord. You cannot live above your revelation. It's is as as we talk about father vain is is is how much a child understand this man being his father or being her father. That's how much she relates to him. Are we together? There's a there's a young lady that sent me the uh the Father Day greeting this morning and uh and I mean it was just it was filled with filled with blood worse. And one thing she said in there is they had a uh I I never I never experienced father love because of things that happened. Never went into detail and uh but uh uh uh since uh since you being my father uh you know you have shown me unconditional love. Now I I don't know how much uh uh you know I don't know how much that is truth to me. Praise the Lord. But I'm I'm just saying it from the place that there is based on the relationship. So your relationship is your revelation in another sense. Okay. Your relationship to an individual is your revelation of the person. Your relationship to your parents is your revelation of them. If you just see them as people that brought you in this word and uh and that just oh I just need to grow up and get out of here. You can't help it. That's how much understanding you have. Are we together? So Paul used all of these words. He used these things in the scripture. uh uh uh because of the revelation he had when he went to the backside of the desert. The way that God dealt with him, it changed his life because go to your concordance quote God the Father, you will see that Israel speaks about God but is God of our fathers. So when they say God the father, they are referring to their fathers. We was the patriot. They they never had a revelation of relating to the Jehovah. Amen. They never had a revelation of relating to the invisible God at fathers. They never had that revelation. Jesus was the one that brought that revelation. Yeah. And that was what he taught in Matthew chapter 5 and six. Your father, he says, when you prayed, it used to be the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, the God of Jacob, but now when you pray, say our father. Do you know what a struggle it is to call somebody father that you have never known as a father? You know what a struggle it is? It takes a birth. It takes it takes an inner change. Praise the Lord. I mean for for us for us Gentiles and we we take it uh that that my daddy that that that my papa we we take it and we we give God all you know all the uh uh the the law of names but in in in most cases it is not with much revelation either because there is not reference and respect to some of the things we are saying. God I'm a my buddy. God I'm a my papa. Some of them they are just slogan you know and some of them sounds very disrespectful even. Are we together? But this was this was a this was a very heavyweight teaching when Jesus was telling these people your father seth in secret. He will reward you openly. Be perfect as your heavenly father is perfect. Are we together? So Paul out of his revelation out of the experience he had three years at the backside of the Arabia desert it has affected him so much so much that he's going to bring to these people you know he's going to bring to these people the way that God is dealing with him beloved God called to be saints. Grace to you and peace from God our father. From God our father. For him to use it in all his episode and use it so freely. It shows how much his understanding has been changed. Praise the Lord. Amen. It show how much his understanding has been changed. Are we together? God our father. Jesus was the one that brought it. That was the first teaching. Matthew chapter 4, Jesus just came from the mountain. 40 days and 40 night he just fasted. Chapter five, he was on the mountain teaching. He took them up the mountain. He started teaching. So that was his first teaching. That was his first dollar, his first uh h major discourse was to tell them these things. You have heard in the Lord, but now I say to you, praise the Lord. I believe all you I believe all of these Pharisees that were there, they were just they were just grinding their teeth and who is this man to to I mean uh uh uh uh speak about the law like this. Are we together? And then so it's it's chapter five, six and seven he goes through with with this discuss. So I want us to to pay attention to it. And just like we talk about uh uh we we talk about uh the Lord giver and how the Lord was to expose our sinful nature and give us a desire for a redeemer. Amen. The Lord, the purpose of the law was to make us to know that we need God. Amen. It will it will it will it will condemn you. It put you in prison and throw away the key. You need the grace of God to come down and open the door and set you free because that Lord can bind you. It can it can put you in a state where you live to condemnation and you you even take your life because you believe that you are not good to live. That's what the Lord will do. He can put you in praise and leave you there. It takes the grace of God to bring you out. So as we as we were looking at this as we were looking at this I was I was meditating on it in the week and I want to share this with you before we go further. Let's read this familiar quote from uh uh uh that day on Calvary. Praise the Lord. Let's read this familiar quote on that day of cal on uh that day on Calvary. Okay, we start year. Now the first thing I want to say Jesus never lay for himself. He spend he was spent for others. Are we together? Amen. He was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. Are we together? Jesus never live for himself. He was spent for others. That's perfectly eternal life. When you say you go you you go to church and you do good things, that's fine. But when you live your life for yourself, you having God eternal life. Are we together? Brother Kenneth, are you with me? Okay. You having got internal life. Internet life is living for others. Are we together? Amen. Now tell me if you don't see that in Matthew chapter 5 look before we came here when we talk about this father as we will look into it he is our or h the the the originator he's the origin of our being are we together? He's the beginning of our existence. That's the reason why the book of uh Genesis begin with in the beginning God. He's the very beginning. Amen. And he tells us in his word before you pray, I know what you want to pray about. So he knows our thoughts. Praise the Lord. Now Matthew chapter 5, Jesus was trying to reress our serving God approach. Are we together? Because we come to church, we come to serve God. We we come to church, we come to praise God. Are we together? But see how he brought it to the disciples. See how he taught him. Let men see your good work and do what? Glorify your father. Amen. So your good work is not what you do to the father. It's what we do to one another. Amen. So to serve God is to serve people, is to serve humanity. We can be we can be boxed in our head, you know, uh uh uh to keep the commandment and and and do right and yet we don't have feelings for people around us. But in Matthew chapter 5, he's changing the whole thing. He says, "You come to the tabernacle and you bring your offering and you remember there's a man sitting in a seat that you have wrong." He said, "Leave it and and go settle it." That's truth worship. When you are in communion and fellowship with the people around you, then the f you are in fellowship with the father. Are we together? Because it's so easy. It's so easy for us to to to to fuss at home. It's so easy for us to control oursel because I mean we're not here for a long time. We just here for maybe two three hours. Maybe I'm going to drag here a little bit today. Amen. And you know the good thing about it? I'm doing the talking and you just sitting. If we were all allowed to talk, attitude will will be displayed. Oh, you too loud. I can't hear. I can't that other person too talking too loud. I'm going out. You see? And that's the reason why I say all the time, if you come here to serve your God, make sure he's our God. We don't have room for others. I just come to serve my God. I just come to serve my God. Are we together? You see that all true that Christian life is not actually living for God like the way we say it because as a child of God as a seed of God you can you can you can surprise God. Amen. You can't disappoint him. He knows the very fiber of your court. He knows how much you can take. Are we together? You see, and that is the reason why Jesus approached this thing from inside. Blessed are the peacemaker. Blessed are the meek. Blessed are the poor in spirit which mean clean the inside. You will be able to handle your outside. Are we together? So, so I mean I mean this this comes real to us. Internet life is living for other. They prove it when it comes in the lamb of God which is Jesus Christ. He live and he had eternal life because he did not live for himself. He live for others. And you and you receive eternal life by receiving that day. And you don't live for yourself no more. You live for others. Someone said, "How can how can you stand and let and and and let anybody call you such a by name? You don't lay for yourself, you live for others." You see, and and and that is the reason why when the society tells you make yourself happy, it's not in God's word. It's not in God's word. is a society term because I mean you can't find happiness any word. So they say well just make yourself happy. Try it. Try it. Tell me how how long it last. Amen. Tell me how long it last. There is nothing you can do by yourself that will make you happy. If you really want to get happy, you got to get into a mess. So when people say make themsel happy, they leave their family. They leave the people that they love. They go into the street to find people that don't know them, people that, you know, don't care about them, and they start jumping with them. Hey, I'm making myself happy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it has a time though. When the time end, the happiness gone, then you s you going back home. You don't live for yourself, you live for others. That you might redeem a man. You become a son. And the trouble of it is that the church has forgotten they were sons. You are son. You are taking Christ's place. You are a son. So don't lay for yourself. Lay for others. Well, brother Brandham, can I lay for this brother because he's such a nice man? That's not it. lay for the man who hates you. Is that not Matthew chapter 5? That's Matthew chapter 5. That's exactly what Jesus was teaching in Matthew chapter 5. Praise the Lord. Then then pretty soon we will begin to appreciate why God put people in our lives and how much we must cherish the ones that are around us. Praise the Lord. The same way there are things you don't like about them. That is very same way there are things that you don't like about yourself. If you want to be earnest, are we together? Where am I going this morning? Live for the man who hates you. Live for the person uh uh uh who will kill you if they could. That's what they done to him to Christ. They killed him and he died that he might save them. That's eternal life. That's in your bosom. You are facing heaven then. But you sacrifice your own things. Give them up. Like the sheep gave his hold. You look on towards Calvary. I hope this helped you to get to a place. And where is that place? In your spirit. In your mind. Because the battle is in your mind. It can sound it can sound good. Oh yeah, that's right. Praise God. Oh, that's truth. The real test is out there. The real test is when you get home. Are we together? So you see, we need to get to a place because we fell from a place. I hope this helped you get to a place. That's what the tabernacle, that's what all the people has got to do to find out what you are and and and and what's the purpose? What's the purpose? Church isn't going to church just to play music, sing song. Church is a place where correction, judgment begin in the house of God. We must reckon ourself dead and alive to Christ. Then he made a way that we could sacrifice ourself to his service to follow him. If we follow him, we lead the life that he lived. That's wonderful. That's wonderful. Are we together? So we realize that uh uh uh life in itself is a responsibility. Amen. for you to wake up in the morning and be alive, be alive, to be living, is a responsibility. Praise the Lord. Amen. Unless you are a toddler Lord or some of the little ones where the parents have to help brush their teeth, you got to get up and go brush your own teeth. Let's start from there. Life is a responsibility. So when we when we when we look at this subject of God our father is uh is it's a revelation that takes us to our origin. Praise the Lord. And you see it that is the only way your destiny come in sight when you know your origin. when you have a revelation of your origin. Praise the Lord. Because what we did just now, we have just gone through a principle of restoration. Amen. And the principle of restoration is to do what? To restore. Take you back. Is to take you back. So if you know your origin, you can have your destinate insight because you know no matter what goes wrong, I know where I came from. I know where I'm going back to. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see that's the reason why by the new birth we don't hold too much to this flesh and our national identity, our tribal identity because that is not my origin. I had to pass that way but that is not my origin. Just like how Jesus had to pass the weight of Zakius, he had to pass the weight of the woman of Samra. I had to pass the weight of Liberia. But that's not my origin. Are we together? The word has come to show me my origin. I can say God my father. Praise the Lord. What can go wrong? That's what Jesus trying to bring to these people. What can go wrong when a son comes back home? What can go wrong? Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, when a seven comes back, he can be fired. Amen. That's why the Lord makes you, it makes you a seven. You can be fired, you can be thrown out, but when a son comes back home, what can go wrong? Praise the Lord. So you see, he's bringing us to a place of intimacy with the father that when we when we get down to commune with him, it's not on the level of grammar. It's not the level of grammar. It's not the words. It must be something from inside. Tell him your feelings. You You made me. You know what I'm dealing with. It runs deep. It becomes real. Amen. Then thinking about the seven redemptive are Jehovah, you are Shama, you are you are you are Tesen, you are ha you are all of those things they are wonderful but you could stay right in there. It's almost you say I know you I know you and as you are calling you are telling the person you know you are going back. Are we together? God our father when you pray said our father. Hallelujah. That word speaks of an establisher. Praise the Lord. A founder. You you hear it is it's used. This is the father of math which is is is the man that discover it or the man that establish it or something like that. But with God is more than that. Are we together? is more than that. He's our father. Praise the Lord. He's the beginner with the father. That's where everything begins. Praise the Lord. Amen. Many of us might fail in our responsibility of uh of fatherhood. But you see if we can fall back to the father. Amen. If we can fall back to the father because our society that we are dealing with that we are living in because this institution this fatherhood institution has been destroyed. It has been destroyed. Are we together? Amen. The fatherhood uh h uh institution in this age is only considered as born a child meeting with a woman getting her pregnant she born a child I'm a father but a more than that praise the lord and more than that think about god our Father, think about God our father be being the beginner. Think about it this way. When he stepped out of intern being, an internal being and he wanted to begin time. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. He knew that some will love mountains. He knew that some will love rivers, some will love forests. Before we will ever get here, he's making preparation. He's shipping things before we will ever get here. That position of a father being a provider. You look at Timothy. Tim says, "If a man cannot provide for his home, that word provider, that word provider is a word that comes from a sea. You foresee." So God our father foresaw what we were like what will make us comfortable. Are we together? He f what we were like what would make us comfortable. The fruits, the flowers, the colors. Because out of him we came. Are we together? Out of him we came. It's a responsibility. Fatherhood is a responsibility like everything in life. Amen. But this is one of the the the the highest responsibility and I believe it is the responsibility word the nation the word has still at large. Praise the Lord. That's where the word the nation has still alive. We having all of these mix up going on you know uh uh uh we can comfort ourself that Jesus said it will be like in the days of Sodom but we have all of these mixture in people mind is because the right representation of fatherhood is not displayed. Praise the Lord. Amen. You think about it. You think about it. You think about it. You getting a revelation and an understanding that God is my father. Jesus introduces to us. He closed his time here on earth. St. John chapter let's let's look in the book of St. John. Let me let me take another another thing here then and uh uh that will help us. Praise the Lord. Are we together? St. John chapter 20. When Jesus resurrected out of the grave, when he came out, he said unto the woman, Mary, he said, touch me not, for I am not ascended to my father, but go to my brethrens and say unto them, I ascend to my father and your father, to my God and your God. So he's God our father. Are we together? Amen. So you see just just that just that revelation just that understanding singing into your heart now the understanding of I'm a church member or I'm a Christian because being a son of God is more than being a Christian. Amen. Just that understanding is enough to bring you to conviction. Amen. On the level of your choice if God is my father, am I am I best representing him by what I'm doing? Are we together? Amen. So just that understanding. Are we together? God our father. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. What a beautiful Jesus we serve. Hallelujah. that God will bring such an understanding to us, not as a requirement, not as a Lord, but as something to bring us out of our fallen state, something to bring us out of condemnation. Look at the scripture there with the prodical son. The Bible says while he was eating in the trash, he remembered. The Bible say he remembered. The scripture actually use the statement he came to himself that me eating in pig pen. Even the servants in my father house don't eat this food. Just that understanding that I have a father, the status of my father is better than this condition. That's what took him out of the grace. That's what the revelation of Jesus Christ do to the believer. Just that understanding, it it it elevates your life. I can't live like this. I can't live on a condemnation. I can't live in sin. So you see you are not living a life watching people who looking at me. No you are living a life because you are considering where I came from. Who am I? God our father. What can go wrong? Praise the Lord. What can go wrong? When a son comes back to a father, what can go wrong? Amazing grace. How sweet they are sound. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet they sound. Thou save a wret like me. It's a responsibility people. Brother Bam said this in the message of running away from the presence of the Lord. He said this. He said, "And yet we find an example of all of us, every one of us, we are always, we always are running from something. We run from trouble. We run from responsibilities. We are prone to death. We are more prone to run than to stand and face it. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why God has not given us a spirit of fear. Amen. Because most of the time we are running because we are afraid. It's not what is coming after you that is chasing you. It's what is in you. The fear. Praise the Lord. Amen. Daniel never had no fear in him. He knew he was in the line of duty. So they didn't know how to drag him to the lion den. Praise the Lord. He walked there. The Hebrew boys never had no fear in them because they even testify even if God do not deliver us. So they didn't have to whip them there. Praise the Lord. They were they were before the man that took them there. But yet the fire consumed those men and never consumed them. Are we together? I don't know whether you have ever been in that experience where you have something coming after you. You are running and out of a something take up in you and you turn to face it. I don't know if you have ever been in there. something just to take over you. So you realize that it was not more of the thing that was coming that you were afraid but it's the fear. Are we together? He has not given us the spirit of fear. He has given us faith, love, joy, boldness, s mind. What is a s mind? A mind that is on the word. We find an example of all of us. Every one of us, we we always are running from something. We run from trouble. We run from responsibility. We are prone to run then to stand and face it out. Everybody has got to face certain responsibility. Amen. When you come to the choice of a wife to marry to choose a husband, you got to face responsibility. And then you must remember maybe you will build a nice home and then remember, you know, as as she as she married a woman, then you you you You got to think of the responsibility of raising children. So I mean every every form of life is is is a responsibility. But what we what we are looking at this morning is one of the highest responsibility. Amen. It's the father. If you if you uh uh uh you look in the word and in and uh uh Ephesian paral like Joshua or adoption message but Brandham taught us that was the thing that brought God from being alone. Why? Because he wanted to dwell with his attributes. He wanted to be a father. Amen. He wanted to be a father. That's what Jehovah signifies. The God that dwell with his offspring. And in dwelling with his offspring, he he has seven provision which is the seven redemptive names of Jehovah. And in that in those in those seven redemptive name, he meets all our needs. Being our father, being our parent, he's our healer. When we are sick, he comes out as Jehovah. Amen. Rafa when we are in distress he comes out as shalom are we together so we see this a it's a responsibility it's a responsibility this is not much in in the in the gentile culture in our culture but in the Jewish culture That's the reason why uh at at uh 12 years old the the the young Jewish boy is taken for mispah. Praise the Lord at 12 years old. Now he's he's now been taught responsibility. He set out to be taught, you know, responsibility. It's a ceremony. They brings him out. The father takes his think uh they have a Jewish name for it. He put it over his son. It's it's it's a it's a sense of of of of now showing him. In one sense, it is not because he has met everything the father has done. No, it's it's in the sense that he's telling the congregation these people are watching you now. You are my son. I brought you publicly now before these people to say you will be responsible to clean the yard. You will be responsible. You I mean you will your hands will be on deck. That's what the father is doing. He's now holding the board accountable in the public. Praise the Lord. What we do as Gentiles that we don't we don't hold them accountable. We we you know we we we uh in some sense we abuse them in the public. Amen. Because when we don't agree with them then we make sure all the neighbors know that this is a bad boy. But that's what it do. That's what it do. So from 12 years old, from 12 years to 19 years, he has to he has to find something that he can do. Either he's a he's a young man that with great cus or he's a carpenter. He got to find something. The father had to realize that this boy something there is something he as soon as he reached 20, he goes in the military. He save the house and then he go and serve the state. Responsibility. Responsibility. Why? Because one day he's going to be a leader. He's going to lead a home. He's going to lead a family. So he must be caught from a young age. He must be taught. Praise the Lord. But here is it. Many of us we were not caught at that age. Many of us that are fathers now, we were not caught at that age. We were not branded that way. It's hard for us to pass it down. Praise the Lord. Because what what our society do is that uh you know they send us to school. We go to school and and we go out of high school. We go to college and you know and and we choose a career and you know and and uh uh uh because because that that's the way the society appease to us. But how many well-educated people no sense of responsibility because it does not come by by by by degrees. It does not come by degrees. It comes by being taught ethics. Please. Thank you. Are we together? God our father, he's our beginner. Praise the Lord. Amen. He's our beginner. that that revelation is enough to to rock your boat. I don't know about you, but I've been there. Amen. I've been there. I've been there when I was uh uh I was maybe about six six years if I if I do remember very well about six or yeah about six or seven years old when I was taken to stay with my dad and that would be the time I would know my dad now. So what will happen to me in that place of being young to six years? I will I would just I would just assume I would assume that this was my father that this was my father. I would just assume and from a young age I can still remember it puts me to the place where I I I live in a world of assumption. I create my own fantasy in my mind that even even when I when I when I went to stay with my dad to go to school and and uh and and all of that I I had you know I I knew that I knew that's my dad. Mama told me that was my dad. You know the connection was there but still there has to be a growth a catchup. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because it's a different thing when a child is born and and and you hold them, they the they the they they fit into your warmness. The the connection grows from there. You might not get everything right, but something sticks. Something keeps you alone because the connection is there. They might not like this about you. You might not like that about it. But the connection is there. If the connection is not there, then you struggle. I will tell you the message of the hour brought a great deliverance to me. One of the first subject that came out of the word was the Godhead. Why? Because God knew I was longing to fill the void of a father. Dad took care of us. Sent us to, you know, good schools and uh and uh I mean good schools. I mean he was a civil servant. He took care of us and you know uh uh we drove roll car to school and all of that. Uh uh uh but you you just just I mean that their first five six years Medical science will tell you it's very important for the child. Connection bound with the parent. It's very very very very important. So I've I've been there. I've been there. I'm asking you to be just pray for me. Don't be sorry for me. I'm I'm a buffet now. Amen. Glory be to God. I'm a buffet. So don't don't sit down there and say, "Hey, I feel sorry for you. Hallelujah. I just I had to go that route to make it personal so you can connect with your experience. Okay? I want you to connect with your experience because I don't know you as I know mine. Okay? So I'm I'm just I'm just bringing it that way. And you see that's what also happen when you sit in a church that teach trinity. God the father, God the son, God the holy ghost. Praise the Lord. And that is the reason why I can I can say this because I can stand behind the word to back it. There are many in the message that are still preaching trinity doctrine. They think they believe one God because they baptize in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. But the way they they understand the word is state trinity. You see, and that is the reason why that that has been one of the destructive doctrine that the that the that the the that the the the that the Roman brought into Christianity. It came from Rome with all their different gods. It's a killer doctrine. It break the very spine of the church. Because now you can't go directly to the father. You don't know the father. You got to go through the son. When it was just a manifestation of one God, one God just making himself known to his people. So you see all these things in our walk with God, it all goes back to our beginning on the understanding of who is our father. Who is our father? You have people that can trust the church than trusting God. They can trust the church. They have more relationship. They want to stop as their pastor. The pastor is elevated. I mean, he never does wrong. And they don't have no contact with God. Who's your father? And when things should happen and and and and things goes wrong, then the fit of the people are just wasted. Oh, I've been in that church. I I grew up in that church. I spent all of my life in that church. Oh, yeah. And and they get all of these excuse. Why? Because they were just as far as the church. The church was their origin. I was born in that church. I'm born in the message. The message is not your origin, people. God is your origin. Amen. God our father. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Jesus. [Applause] Brother Eric had to do something for me. Last night he came over to the house and uh you know I I love to watch this documentary of people being reconnected to their father. So I was sitting eating and I was watching some on YouTube. you know after 40 years meeting their father I love to watch it uh because because of you you just you you see the current you see the current you see the current so internal life is living for others it's living for others and uh uh Uh don't let us not think that uh we can we can jump over the people that God placed in our life and then God will be satisfied with our sacrifice. No, he will not. The people that around us, you know, the people he has given to us, the children, the wives, the husband, you know, let's let's uh may God help us to appreciate him. Amen. the parents, you know, uh uh I mean no matter no matter how how bad you know the parent was, you must appreciate them. You know, the reason there is that you will never understand what state of mind they were in when certain thing happened, what they were dealing with. Now you think you're in the message. You know the word. I know motherhood, womanhood. Brother B says three sacrif. So I just I want to connect you back to your roots. Amen. I want to connect you back to your roots. And uh as I always like to throw something in and make you to think, I having one quote here I want to throw in and also make you to think. Look away to Jesus. I was I was looking at uh uh uh living for others, you know, serving one another and and all of that. And I thought about this and I went to look for it. And the reason why I want to bring this up to you church is that uh uh these are some of the oneliners. You know, oneliners, you know what oneliner is? One liner is when a person just take one quote and make a doctrine or they take one scripture and make a doctrine and don't even have the context of what it was saying. So these are some of the oneliners that runs in our rank. So let's deal with it this morning. Look away to Jesus. I said Lord, she didn't mean what she did this morning. She didn't mean that. I said, "Lord, not one time has she ever said one word about me going in the meetings, staying moms or whatever it was." Now, if you know the background of this was when brother Brandon wife had a tumor and he was praying for her. So, that's what he's dealing with here. So, trying to give you some context now. And uh uh uh not one time has she ever opened her mouth about it. She has always send my clothes to the cleaner and wash my shirts and had everything ready to go in the meeting. Then she wonder how she can serve God. Praise the Lord. If you ever read about uh uh sister media, she was someone very timid. She did she there deal with lot of complex. I don't know how you sisters who have there will feel the same to have a man with that level caliber of ministry and uh uh uh you know and and he's always there in the public eyes and all the things that he's doing you know uh uh that many times she didn't go to the meeting because she never felt that uh you know she was adequate to be among the minister's wife. Many times she didn't go. Brother Brandham tried would have loved to have her dead, but many times she didn't go. Now with this situation now, Brother Branam is now now uh after after the Lord healed her, you know, on on the surgical table, the the the tumor left her when when the prophet prayed for her, he's now saying this thing as a testimony and saying when she do all of these things and yet she's wondering in herself, how can she serve God? Because here is a husband you have every morning you wake up he's telling you one vision. Praise the Lord. Meet them. I saw the vision. Yeah. Three men going to come here this morning around 9:45. One will be Are you Are you seeing what I'm saying? And then maybe she's just like me that can't have a straight dream, you know, away from it, it can look like it's wonderful, but living with it, it can it has a way of being intimidating. We are humans. Okay, I'm trying to put your flesh on you now. You've been too much in the spirit. We are humans. It has a way of being intimidated. Now the person has to grow to the understanding of knowing their place. her daughter wrote a piece on her and uh and and and and uh when Rebecca wrote it, Rebecca said her mother love washing and ironing. She love ironing. She will always find clothes to iron. When any of them doing their she would take it in iron. She said one day she went and talked to her to her mom. What make you to fall in love with this? and her mom told her, "I really don't like it." So, she was not doing it because it's something that she loved. She was doing it because she wanted to be engaged. She felt that it helped her to settle down. Are are you seeing what what I'm saying? So it it has her now. So he's saying this. She's been nice to me. She get my clothes set. I go for months and months and months. She's there. She take care of the children. She take it. Then she's always asking me how can I serve God? Are you seeing it? Okay. So on the basis of this he's going to make this statement. You women as you serve your husband you serve God of course. Now so you see how that one liner is easier to be a doctrine and many has made it a doctrine. Are we together? Amen. Is it truth? Yes, it's truth. Does that erase the fact that husband if you serve your wife you are serving God? Is it in this quote? It's there. It's there because if you love your wife, you must serve her. If we must serve one another. So you see that and that is the that is the way we become religious and we get away from the reality and think that it only belong to the woman and don't belong to the man. Are you seeing what I'm saying? I'm not trying to fight against the word but I'm trying to take us a little bit farther that we must not just stop to this line. We must go farther because if if internal life is living for others, let us not live for them that are outside. Let's start from home and start living outside. That's what I'm trying to say. Let's start from home. Let live for the children. Let live for the wives. Then maybe we can go to the next door neighbor. Then we can get to the gas station and then to the shopping center. Push a card for somebody. give somebody the card, help them and and all of that. That's what I'm saying. That's where I want to go this morning. You know, Peter is the one that took their experience from Genesis 18. He says, "As even Abraham called, Sarah called her husband Lord." Do you read Genesis 18? When you read Genesis 18, did Sarah call her husband Lord? Are we together? Did Sarah call her husband Lord? You sure? You sure you read it? Are you sure you read it? Okay, let's read it. Praise the Lord. Genesis 18. If you find the verse, you let me know. Genesis 18 vers 112. Are we together? Amen. 11. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and were striking in age and it ceased to be with Sarah after the man or the woman. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself. She never said it within herself. Peter is the one that told us that Sarah called Abraham Lord. But here is what it is. If she could think that much of her husband, it's not difficult for her to say it. Do you see where the Apostle Peter is coming from? If she could think that much of her husband, not on a pressure, not him telling her say Sarah call her husband Lord, call me Lord. No. because of his kindness, because of the way he treats her. If she could think that much of him when he's not around when she's back in the tent just hearing them talking she laugh within herself saying after I'm wax and old shall I have pleasure my law being old. So this is what Peter was referring to. You see, and that's what brother Brandon would tell us in the message uh uh uh uh uh thinking man's filter. That's why he said in the message thinking man Fitter, he says the way we we the way we deal with our spouse, the way we deal with our wife, he says nobody know you better than your wife. He says the word reverence how a woman should reverence her husband like Paul said he said it's it's an equiventing word that is used to reverencing God. So it goes back to this very same thing. But you see what brings that out is the way the man live. It all goes back to the fatherhood. in so much that she can think that of him. Words are what? What are words? Words are thought expressed. So Peter was only expressing what was in Sarah's mind. Are we together? Fatherhood. God our father. It is our responsibility brothers. It's a very serious responsibility. It's a very serious responsibility. Our responsibility to the word, our prayer life, the way we conduct ourself, our position in church. our position in church. We must assume oursel to that responsibility. This is what I'm bringing my family. If I call this place church, if I call this place home and I think it's good for me and my family, I must get involved. You know what denomination do that? We don't do around the message and I don't do they target men of reputation, men of money and give them position to keep them in church. The scripture says look among you. If you are not in church, how will they find you? The Bible says look among you and choose men filled with the Holy Ghost. If you are not there, how will they find you? It's a serious responsibility. It's not a It's not a oneman show. It's not a woman show. It's because of the sacronis that we put to the word of God and the things of God. It's easy for me to say, "Hey, you go Kly." Just join. What? He know what he's doing. He don't know what he's doing. That make the service go and the whole thing just turn to a te. Is that a woman show? Praise the Lord. It's a God-given responsibility and we must hold it to that standard. We must hold it to that standard. That's what we believe. But you see it's a responsibility in our place as h as as as men as fathers we supposed to be leaders. Praise the Lord. So it comes it comes from a life of dedication. It comes from a life of commitment. Sometimes people sit back. They say, "Oh, well, you know, he he like to do everything." No, I don't like it because you don't know how my body feels. You really think I like it? It's not funny. It's serious. But it's how much is the way we take the the way we take the things of God, the way we relate to it. Know when brother said for 17 years I did everything. That's why he said 17 years in his little tabernacle. You think he wanted to do everything but but the things of God you just you don't you don't you just don't handle it irresponsibly. You will damage your life. You will damage the life of the people because pretty soon it turns to a theater and then just bunch of laughter then just carrying and goring and nothing of God is in it at all and I can we can come here and just read 50 coat of brother Brandham to you. Brother Brandon say brother Brandon say brother let's pray let's go home having a form of godliness. So we have a responsibility. We have a responsibility and I pray that God show you yours. I pray that God raise you up to yours. Don't tell me your responsibility is only to come and sit down. No, because in the Old Testament tabernacle there was no seat. That New Testament church Saturdays it actually came from the Roman church when all the uh Constantine and all the big guys started coming. They were meeting on the mountains on the lake and uh when Jesus was preaching on the boat what kind of seat they had to sit on when he fed 5,000 what where what seat they sat on? It's father day. So I I'm I'm just talking to challenge you. I'm not mad with you. Praise the Lord. If I'm mad with you, I meet you out there. Praise the Lord. You know that as your friend blood you meet me on the beach. Praise the Lord. We grew up like that. So, you love the Lord. It's Father's Day. So, we must challenge oursel today. You know when you talk about the beginner if any child comes to the place and really understand that they are going to struggle. If their parents go into uh uh uh same-sex marriage with two women who's the beginner child arises you see. So because of the failure of fatherhood, it has just created confusion because all all father is defined as the one that can have child. Are we together? The same way with mother. That's the way they take it. It's just a title. No. For you and a son of God and a daughter of God, it's not a title. It's a character. Your fatherhood is a character that you can display it. When you see a lost boy, when you see a boy that is wandering, it comes out because it's a character. If it's just a title that is written on your forehead, you pass. But if it's something that is in you, it makes you concerned because it's a character. God our father. Musicians, you can come. Some people have wonderful father day dinner waiting for them. Let me not spoil the meal and make it get cold. Let's bow our heads together. We read that as u as u scripture in the beginning of our for our scripture reading but with our heads back let's pray the Lord's prayer together our father who art in heaven hallowed be thy name thy kingdom come thy will be done as it is in heaven Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive uses as we forgive those who trespass against us. is the kingdom and glory forever and ever. Is that the only song you are playing? How far? Let's try that. I don't know if we have the worst Our [Music] father, you are in heaven, abolition. forive our sins we pray. I sing that again. Oh our father, you are beloved. I love thy name our father us from heaven. Forgive our sins we pray. Hear our prayer. We are your children. We've g you to thee. be your mercy your Lord today and he ourselves we praise. Let's sing that again. Our father [Music] us from heaven. All thous. our song as they rise to heaven. May your glory fill their air like the water in the sea. Cleanse our heart. Remove that in your way. Oh brother to thee. Oh yes my father in heaven hall be your name. Oh yes Lord our father us forever our sins. Thank you. Thank you. Let's stand on our feet. Let's sing uh we are hers of the father. [Music] The Lord bless you. Until we see you on Wednesday night, you have a happy Father's Day. God bless you, brother. God bless you. Amen. Have a happy Father's Day. Then uh uh enjoy your family. Take your phone, call overseas, call out of state, wherever your father figure is. Praise the Lord. We are heads of the father. We are heads of the father with the son. Oh we are people of God's kingom. Oh yes we are family. Oh, we are one. Oh, and we are washed. We are sanctified. We are cleansed by his blood. We are born of the spirit. We are children of the Lord. Oh, and we are members of this morning. We are objects of this love. We are parters of God's holiness. We are citiz Oh, we are partakers of his suffering. We are parters of his grace. We shall meet him and be ready. We shall see him face to face. Oh, we are walking for his coming. We are walking to his power and we are worshiping. We are waiting. Oh Lord, we shall dwell with him and we shall reign. And we shall reign with him. forever. [Music] Shout and sing for your has been given [Music] of the king. We are of the father. We are daughter and the son. We are people of God's kingom. Oh, we are family. And let's sing this one more time. We are her. We are heads of the father and we are daughters with the son. We are people of God's kingom. We are family and we are Oh, let's just praise him now. [Music] Oh, we are her. We are heard of the father. We are daughters with the sun. We are people of God's king and we are family. [Music] We are one. [Music] Oh my my my. Hallelujah. God's got an army. And in this army on a path let's sing there we are dismissed. God's got an army maring through the land. [Music] Deliverance is their song with healing in their hands. Everlasting joy and gladness in their heart. I got a power. Oh, God's got an army rushing through the land. Delance is your son. With healing in your hands, everlasting joy and gladness in your heart.
