################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - May 21, 2025 Wednesday Service Bro Bloteh Won- The Eleventh Commandment - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   May 21, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Bloteh Won- The Eleventh Commandment
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocTFGYFnDjk
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's sing it all together. We've been made more than coner overcome in this life. We've been made [Applause] victory through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made more than coner overcomes in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Can you sing all along with me? We've been made. Oh, we've been made more than [Music] conqueror. Overcomers in this life. We've been made [Music] victorious. Through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh glory. Oh we may be more than [Music] coner. Overcome in this life. [Music] given victory through the blood of Jesus Christ. We believe that glory we need more than [Music] all overcome in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] The friend we have Jesus all our sins and great to be. Oh glory. Oh, what a brave [Music] to God in [Music] [Music] love. Yes. Oh, why [Applause] Christmas? Hallelujah. [Music] Because we [Music] do everything to God. Have we triumphed? [Music] [Music] Everyone is there anywhere. Hallelujah. We You [Laughter] never know. Can we find a friend so faithful? Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] That's the soul. the Lord be praised. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We will read Psalm chapter 69. We will read Psalm chapter 69. Praise the Lord. And if we can just do a responsive reading tonight, I will read verse one and then you read it next. We read the last verse together. We want to thank the Lord for his blessings, for his blessings, his protection, his grace upon our life. Uh around uh about 5 a.m. this morning, 4:35 uh brother Lawrence uh called me uh Psalm chapter 69. Let's just read a few verses there. And then gave me the call. uh uh uh he uh fed off at work and uh he was able to gain consciousness and then called the the paramedic and uh and so they took him over to the hospital and by the grace of God uh the doctors were able to to be able to pull massive blood clock from his lungs. So, we just want to thank the Lord. We want to thank the Lord for stepping in and uh rescuing our brother. He's recovering. Uh uh we just so grateful for there. Let's read Psalm chapter 69. A few verses tonight. Save me, oh God, from the waters. I come up in onto my soul. [Music] I am worried of my crying. My throat is dry. My eyes are filled. Why I wait for my God. [Music] [Music] Oh God, thou knowest my foolishness and my sins are not hid from thee. [Music] Let's read verse seven together. Because for thy sake I have borne reproach. Shame has covered my face. Praise the Lord. We'll take some prayer needs tonight. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat and then we will just go to the Lord in prayer. Praise the Lord, saints. I want to praise the Lord tonight for healing my back from a severe back pain in Jesus name. That's from brother Dan. We want to thank the Lord. Amen. For God is stayed in the healing business. Amen. Shalom saints. I want us to please remember a sister back home in prayer. uh that sister uh Maria uh she's down with severe back aid now. God just healed brother Dan from the back aid and we have another one here. So we believe God can do the same. Amen. He's able to do the same for our sister. Uh we want to uh remember brother uh brother Lawrence tonight just like we said that the Lord will just bring him uh the surgery went well and uh uh so we want to pray that the Lord will bring him through. We want to remember brother Wesley talking to brother Wesley that was that yesterday or so or Monday and uh he asked that we pray for him uh uh uh after his eye surgery his eyes has become very sensitive to light. So even the bright light in church affects his eyes. So he want us to remember him in prayer. Sister Alice left this evening to join brother Ben for his mother's funeral this weekend. So we want to we want to remember her in prayer as well. And uh uh there's a there's a sister uh uh that came through here with her uh boys uh some time ago and fellowship with us for the Y that sister Margaret. Some of us are very acquainted with her. She went to be with the Lord and uh uh uh so we want to remember the family in prayer. uh that the Lord will will comfort them and help them through this difficult time. I got a prayer need just before coming into church and uh uh where is it? Okay, let's let's take this one. U since praying for sister John Del uh and their family she has been in hospice for a few weeks now they are saying she may pass today so uh maybe that might have happened if the Lord keep us here kept kept her here then that's uh for his glory and uh we also I want to remember a brother, brother Matthew Lusaka. He's uh uh there's a small group down in u uh can't remember the place name now somewhere right uh closer to Boston there. Brother actually brother Jarro is uh that's where brother Jarro is serving and he's helping that group. So he's he's the pastor there and brother Jarus sent his prayer request. I just uh got a call from his wife that he's being rushed to the ICU. He's back in the Congo and he is responsive. So we want to take that need to the Lord tonight. And uh if uh if there are spoken also we want to uh remember sister Naisha. I think she's very close to to uh her her birthday. Is that how to say it? She's close to her birthday. So, okay. Okay. Praise the Lord. I'm speaking in tongues. She's trying to interpret the tongues. So, that's how the spirit works in the church. So, uh let's just bow our heads. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Amen. Amen. and uh I bless your name. Let's sing there softly to the Lord. I bless your [Music] name. I give you honor. Oh, we give you [Music] praise. You are the light, the truth, the way. Oh yes, Lord, I bless your name. Lord, I bless your name. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I bless your [Music] name, Lord. I bless your name. Thank you, Jesus. And I gave you [Music] all. We give you all the praises. You are the [Music] life, the truth, the way. Oh, let's worship him tonight. I bless your name. I bless your name. What a musician play softly. David said in the psalm, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul." And that's what we want to do tonight. We want to say, "Bless the Lord, oh my soul." We want to bless the Lord. We want our soul to bless the Lord. We want our heart to bless the Lord. We want our thoughts to bless the Lord. And not just only speaking words, but we want to we we want everything. Let everything that have birth. That's what Sammy said. Let's bless the Lord this evening. Let's thank him. Let's praise him. Let's worship him. Let appreciate him for his grace, his love, and his mercy upon our life. Let's give thanks tonight before we bring our knees and our our requestes, our burden to the Lord. Let's give thanks. Let's be thankful that he has given us another opportunity to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's pray together as we bless the Lord in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, oh God, we just want to thank you tonight. Yes, Lord. Father, bless the Lord, oh my soul, tonight. Bless the Lord, Father, everything that is within me, Lord. I want to bless your holy name, oh God, with my thoughts, oh Father, Lord Jesus, with every cell of my body, Lord, I want to say, blessed be your name tonight, oh Father, Lord, every praise, every glory, every honor, Lord. Heavenly Father God, we just thank you, Lord. We thank you, Father, tonight. We bless your name, oh God. We glorify you, oh Father, Lord. You are oh God the life of our breath Lord the breath oh God that we breathe Lord the oh God the beating of our hearts oh God the thinking of our mind oh God Jesus oh father we thank you tonight we thank you tonight oh God we praise you tonight oh God we glorify your name tonight oh God oh thank you Jesus Thank you father Lord God for your love. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you oh God Father Lord Jesus. You are father God our everlasting portion. You are father oh God our great protector father oh God. It's by your mercy oh God that we are not consumed. It's by your mercy oh father that we are not consumed. We thank you, oh God, for another privilege tonight. Oh God, we can come, oh God, to the house of the Lord. We can come, oh Father, Lord, just pouring our hearts before you, oh God, we just thank you, Father. What a blessed savior you are, God. Oh eternal father, you are worthy to be praised, Lord. You are worthy to be praised, to be adored, to be glorified. Oh God, this Father this evening as we bring the evening sacrifice, oh God of thanksgiving to you, Father, Lord, thank you precious Lord for keeping us, oh God, this last time we were here, oh God, watching over your children, oh Father, blessing them in their homes, oh God, blessing them in their jobs, oh Father, blessing them in their going out and their coming in, oh Father, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus, Jesus Christ. Let's everything that has birth. Praise the Lord tonight. We thank you, Father. We thank you, oh God. You are worthy to be praised. You are worthified and to be praised, to be adored, God, to be glorified, oh Lord, to be magnified. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Little ones, let's bless the Lord tonight. Oh, teenagers, let's bless the Lord tonight. fathers. Let's bless the Lord tonight, sisters. Let's praise him tonight. Let's thank him. Oh, thank him for rescuing brother Lawrence. What could have been a heart failure, Lord, or or whatever, God, and we just want to thank you tonight, oh God, for stepping in, oh father, Lord, what a mighty God. What an awesome God you are, Father. We thank you, oh precious Lord. You are worth water to be praised. Oh God, we give you the glory. We give you the praise. We give you the honor. Oh father, Lord Jesus, thank you precious Lord for rescuing our brother from the hands of death. Oh God, Lord Jesus, we know that Father Lord until our time Lord until our work on earth is done, oh father God, nothing, oh Lord can take our lives. So we want to thank you for another day. We want to thank you, oh God, for another opportunity. We want to thank you, oh God, for another praise. We want to thank you, oh God, for another prayer. We want to thank you, Father. Oh God, what an awesome God you are, oh precious, Lord, you are worthy to be praised. You are worthy to be praised, oh Father. We thank you, Lord. We glorify you, oh Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God, this evening. Blessed be your holy name, Father God. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Father. Yes, Lord. We thank you, oh God, this evening. Oh, Father, Lord, we worship you, oh God. Yes, Lord Jesus. We bless your name, Father. We bless your name, oh God. Thank you, Father, for your grace, Lord. Thank you for your goodness, oh God. Thank you for your love, oh father. Thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for helping our children, oh God. Father, Lord, thank you for your protection, oh God, Jesus. Oh father, in the name of the Lord God Almighty, Lord, we thank you, Father God, for this assembly, Lord God. Oh precious Lord Jehovah, you have kept, oh God, Father, your eyes upon us, oh God, you have kept your love, oh Father, in our hearts, oh God. Oh precious lamb. What a God you are. Father, what a God you are. Savior, what a God you are, Jehovah. What a God you are. El Shada, blessed be your name tonight, oh God. We praise you, Father Lord. We glorify your name, oh God. We adore you, oh God. We worship you, Father Lord. You are the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. Let's pray tonight, saints. Let's bless the name of the Lord. Let's thank him. Oh father, we just thank you Lord. Thank you, Father Jesus, for your healing virtue, oh God. Oh father, for the shout of the king is in the camp, Lord Jesus. The shout of the king, Lord, we have a bracing serpent. You are the Lord God that heal us of all our diseases. Oh father Lord, we have the smitting rub, Lord Jesus. Oh father God, Lord, all precious you said Lord Father signs and wonders Lord shall follow them. Oh God we thank you Lord. We praise you father Lord. We glorify you Jesus. Oh thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. What an awesome God you are. Thank you father. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah father. Yes Lord God. Thank you Jesus. Oh Lord he Yes. I want to be your sanctuary. [Music] Go and me. Try not to show thanksgiving. Thanksgiving. We want to bring thanksgiving to you tonight, Father. We want to be grateful to you tonight, Jesus. We want to say what a God, what a mighty God you are father. I sent you oh Lord for [Music] you. Prepare our hearts Lord. Prepare our mind oh God to be a sanctuary. Father prepare our spirit Lord Jesus. Father, we want to we want to enter in with you, oh God. We want to have the word shut out, Lord Jesus. We just want to enter in with you, Father. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Father. We love you tonight, oh God. We appreciate you, Lord. Father, Lord, as the saints are praying in their homes, oh God, Father, well, Lord Jesus, they are at work, Lord. Father God, all those that are streaming in, oh God, Father, Lord, we are invoking your presence, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, to surround us, Lord God, we are invoking your presence, Lord God, to just take us in love with you, Father. Oh God, we can get, Lord, the things of this world out of our mind. We can get all the fears out of our mind, oh God. We can get, oh Lord Jesus, all the lying, vanities out of our mind, oh God, Father, Lord. And God, we can be shouting with you. We can be shouting with you, Jesus. Oh, Father, what a wonderful Jesus. Oh, God. Let's tell him how much we love him tonight. Let's tell him how much we cannot do without him. How much we need him in our life. He's the very breath that we breathe. Oh, Father. Yes. That's what you are to us, Lord. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Father. Yes Lord Jesus. You are the breath that we breathe for God. Father, oh precious Lord, almighty God, thank you. Thank you father. Lord, thank you precious Lord Jesus Christ. Your eyes, oh God, Father is upon us. Oh Lord, your ears are open to our prayers. Oh Father God, we pray tonight, oh Lord, as we stand as an assembly, Lord, as a body of people tonight. Oh God, Father, Lord, even for the ones that are not with us tonight, oh God, for the ones, oh Lord, that are joining us, Lord, by the by Oh God, by the airwave, Lord, we just want to thank you. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father you are, Lord. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, oh father. God, tonight, awesome God, you are worthy to be praised. Lord, you are worthy to be praised. Oh father. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. If my people that I call by my name will humble themselves tonight, if they will turn from their evil ways, if they will seek my face, he promised that he will hear from heaven and he will heal our land. Father, we are we are confessing Lord Jesus. I was saying like the psalist said, you know our foolishness. You know God father our foolishness. You know father our slothfulness Lord. Oh God father we just confess ourself before you this evening Lord and say oh God we need you. Forgive us Lord Jesus of every Lord God iniquity every transgressions Lord Father God. Precious Lord Jesus lying lips Lord Father God we pray tonight. Oh God father. Yes, Lord Jesus. Every evil thought, Lord, on decent thoughts, oh God. Oh God, we just confess ourself, Lord. We come to the foot of the cross tonight. We come to the cross tonight, Jesus. Yes, Lord Father. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Yes, Lord Father. You are the air that we breathe, Lord Father God. For every word there is contamination, Lord God. Contamination is all around us, but we want to breathe in and out of your presence tonight. Father, for once, we want to keep our mind on you. We want to be thankful and say, Lord, thank you for life. Thank you for good health. Thank you for my family. [Music] Thank you for this little [Music] assembling. We love you tonight, Father. We worship you because you are an awesome God. You are an awesome God, Father. Lord, you fill every space, Lord God. You fill every space, Lord. Father, even from the little ones, the babies in our midst, Lord God. Oh, precious [Music] Lord. We thank you tonight. We thank you tonight, Father. We want to appreciate you, Lord God. Father, for our deacons, Lord Gab, brought Ben away, Lord. Father, sister Alice is traveling tonight. Oh God, we pray, Holy Spirit, that Father, you will carry her, Lord God, precious Lord. Oh God, our sister is traveling with a heavy heart, Lord God. Father, to go meet her husband, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, on the the the funeral of his mom, and she's leaving her children behind, oh God, I pray, oh God, you would just Lord fill Lord, Father, fill Lord God Jesus. Oh God, Father, Lord God, give her your blessed assurance, Lord Jesus. We pray that God, Father, you will watch over the home. You be with the children, Lord. Father God, Simon and his sisters, uh, Joy and Becky, you will just be with them. Bless them, Lord. Father, oh God, we love you tonight. We love you tonight. We love you tonight. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father tonight, Lord. Lord that dear sister Lord God sitting in hospice when you know God father Lord what is the state of her mind is Lord [Music] God precious Lord no doubt to God father they are angels Lord Father just standing by to take her Lord Father to the next dimension to take her behind the curtains of this life of God where she'll be free from pains and she'll be free from whatever her illness. Oh God, she has struggled with her body. We love you tonight, Father. What a promise, Lord. What a promise. Oh God, Father, Lord Jesus. And oh God, Father, if it did happen today, we want to just pray for strength for the family with all the promises and the hope that we know that laid for us. Lord, our body is not conditioned to handle when we lost someone that we love. Oh, we love you tonight, sweet Jesus. May you bless them, Lord. Father God, we want to pray for brother Matthew, Lord Jesus, rush to the ICU. He's in responsible God. Father, Lord Jesus, his wife, Lord God, and the children are here, Lord. The little assembly you trusted to him is also father God that will go without Lord the shepherd. Oh God we pray be merciful until you step in tonight Lord. Only you can change the story. Only you father Lord God can rewrite the coast oh God of his life. Oh father we pray tonight. Be merciful to God. Be merciful Jesus. Be merciful, Father. Lord God, blessed be your name tonight, sweet Jesus. Touch brother Wesley eyes. Oh, Father God, may you help him, Lord Jesus Christ. He and Sister Carrie, Lord, Father God, precious Lord. Oh Almighty God, how Lord, Father, they would love to be in church distance. Oh, Father God, we pray that precious Lord, thank you, Father God. Lord Jesus, Sister Carrie beginning to get sleep. Lord, Father, we pray that your Oh God, you would just help Brother Wesley. Pray, Father God, also for brother uh Steven Beard and his wife, Sister Cindy. It was good to see them, their daughter Amy. Lord, we just want to place them in your hands, too, Father God. It was good to so join with them, Lord. Father, oh God, in this little assembly, we love you tonight. We just appreciate you, Father. What a wonderful God you are. What a wonderful God you are. Don't lose it tonight, saints. Don't lose it tonight. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord. [Music] Father, no doubt, Lord Jesus. There are few Lord God, Father, that walk right out of the street into this place, Lord. Father God, sometime amazed, Lord God, in the way we conduct ourself, Lord Father. Oh God, how we pray Lord that the that the spirit of conviction Lord God we stand to those doors Lord the spirit of conviction will be in these walls oh father where people can come under the conviction of the Holy Ghost where Lord Father life can be changed oh God father people can be delivered Lord birth can be made into the kingdom Lord [Music] Jesus pray for every family identify My Lord God, would this sound like? Oh, sweet Jesus, blessed be your name tonight. Blessed be your holy name [Music] tonight. Blessed be your holy name [Music] tonight. Thank you, Father. Let's pray for the services coming up this weekend with brother Joel Adams that the Lord will give us a wonderful time in his presence. He will come and speak to us and uh uh uh you use brother Joel in in an extraordinary way to be able to just bless us with the word and uh let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in Jesus name, we just want to commit the weekend coming into your hands, Lord. Father, Saturday night, Lord God, and Sunday morning, we want to pray. Oh father, come and meet with us here, Lord. We want to have a Saturday night with you. Almighty God, looking forward to that day, Lord, where the Holy Ghost will just arrest us, oh, oh God. And Lord God, Father, Lord, you would just Lord Jesus, oh God, constrain us, Lord Father, to abide in your presence, Lord. Oh God, oh precious Lord Jesus, we will just be, oh God, and honor such a love of your spirit. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are. We love you tonight, Father. Yes, Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes [Music] [Music] Lord. A moment like this. Let's just sing that chorus together now. A moment like this is an opportunity to fall in love with Jesus. If you don't have anything to say, just say, "Lord, I love you. Lord, I thank you." Don't allow your mind to stray. Let your mind embrace him. Hold him close to your heart tonight. Don't let him go. Yes, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Let's sing it together now. I love you. I love you. Sing it. I love you. Oh, sing it. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you. I love you. I love you. Lord, you [Music] Lord. Oh, let's just make a truth, a true sense of love with him tonight. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. [Music] Oh, sing it high. Lord, you love I love you. What a music play softly in moment like this. Lord, I sing out a song. I want to hear your voices now. I sing out a love song to Jesus. In moment like [Music] this, I will lift up my hands. I will lift up my hands to the Lord. Amen. I love you. Sing it. I want to hear your voices. Sing it to him, you Lord. Oh, sing it. I love you, Lord. Oh, sing it. [Music] I love you. I love you more. I [Music] love you. Do you want to tell him how much you love him tonight? Do you realize that that is something we fail to do? We can tell God our problems. We can tell him about our need. How much do we tell him we love him? How much do we tell him we we appreciate [Music] him? Father, we love you tonight because you first love us. Oh God, we love you. We appreciate you, Father. We thank you for your grace. We thank you for your mercy. Thank you, oh God, for your arm of protection, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. Blessed be your holy name tonight. Blessed be your name, sweet Jesus. If that's all we do tonight, Lord, it's okay just to be able to tell you how much we love you, how much we appreciate you, Lord. Your arm of protection, Lord, your provision on our life, oh God, keeping us, Lord, Father, from illnesses and sicknesses, oh God, we thank you tonight. We thank you, precious Lord. Father, Lord, if it was not because of your grace and love and mercy, Father, we wouldn't be here, Lord God, tonight, we thank you, Father. Let's sing that one more time there. Oh, singing, I love you, Lord. Don't be afraid. Sing it as if you mean it tonight. Oh, I love you, Lord. Oh, sing it. I love Lord, you Lord. I love. Oh, let's stand to our feet and sing it one more time. Oh, sing it. I love you, Lord. Oh, Jesus. Ah, I really love you, [Music] Lord. I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, let's praise him. Let's praise him. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. You are worthy to be praised. Thank you, Jesus. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Lord. We love you tonight. Blessed be your holy name tonight. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Hallelujah. Oh, I love you, Lord. Oh, sing it high, Lord. You are. Oh, Jesus. Oh, you [Music] for you. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I don't know about you, but I just love his presence. Amen. Amen. I just love his presence. Praise the Lord. You know, most of the time we we talk about worship. We we think about how we feel, you know, whether we enjoy the song or whether we, you know, we enjoy our move and all of that. But, you know, it's it's uh it's a different thing when you make him to feel worship. Amen. Make God to feel worship. Make him to feel worship. It's just uh it's like you just you're just rubbing all yourself on him. It says uh just take me just as I am. Praise the Lord. Amen. Just take him. The word I love you has been so abused by the society. It's used for all sorts of filthy and dirtiness that even for people to tell God I love you. You know the Bible says uh the spirit of the age will not be thankful. We have to be thankful. Praise the Lord. If you don't have nothing to say, don't be blank when you are praying. The devil will abuse your mind. Just keep telling God how much you love him. I love you. I appreciate you. Thank you. Thank you for the breath that I breathe. Thank you for the strength in my body. Praise the Lord. Oh, how we can say, Lord, teach us how to pray. Amen. I don't know about you, but uh I feel like there Lord teach us how to pray. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Oh my my my my. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Praise the Lord. Let's take our Bibles tonight. Let's take our Bible tonight and St. John chapter 13. I wanted to make the entire night a prayer meeting tonight, but I started feeling that I was losing you and I didn't want you to stray on me. Amen. It gets it gets difficult when people start going astray in prayer. St. John chapter 13. This is just an exitation tonight. Amen. St. John chapter 13, let's read uh verse 33. St. John chapter 13, let's read verse 33. Let's read from verse 31 anyway to verse 35. It gave us a good scripture reading tonight. Therefore, when he was gone out, Jesus said, "Now is the son of man glorified, and God is glorified in him." Praise the Lord. How is the son of man glorified? When God is glorified in him. Praise the Lord. Amen. So when uh uh Jesus says glorify me with the glory that I had from the beginning is God. When God is reflecting himself, when God is glorifying himself in you, praise the Lord. If God be glorified in him, God shall also glorify him in himself and shall straightway glorify him. Little children, yet a little while I am with you, yet shall seek me. And as I said unto the Jews, whether I go, ye cannot come, so now I say unto you. Praise the Lord. Amen. A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another, as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciple, if you love one another. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we want to thank you tonight. Thank you for giving us a little session of prayer, Lord. Oh God, it's not uh uh how many hours how we would love to just spend an hour with you in prayer, 30 minutes, Lord God, but it's just that moment season to the moment, Lord, where we can just let go and let God have his way, where we can just so father try to let our our problems off our mind and and and our failures off our mind and just be able to stand with uplifted hand and say, "Lord, I love you. Thank you, Father." And oh God. So we pray tonight that Lord, you would take from our hearts. Take from the hearts of your children tonight. Oh God, when your angels gathered prayers, Lord, take from our hearts, oh Father God, what was offered unto you, oh God. Father, we uh and and Lord Jesus, may it burn before you, oh God, a a smoke of remembrance, Lord. Oh father, we pray that God you will remember us. You know the needs of this little assembly. How we need you Lord. We need you in every area father. We need you oh God. Father in our dedication, our commitment, our attendance Lord. Father, we need you oh God. Precious Lord. Oh in our offices. So Father God in that our musicians Lord technicians. So Father God Lord every area. Every area God. Father, we need you, Lord. So we pray. Remember us, Lord. Remember our homes, oh God. Remember, Lord Jesus, every family, Lord God, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh precious Lord, visit our home. So Father God, let your presence be fed in our home. May we be able to take take you with us at home. Oh God, may we take you home. Let it come home with us. Let it not just be an an an an an an out war experience, but let it be an experience that can come home. We can bring it home. Bring it in our hearts, in our mind. Take it to our bedroom. Father, we pray and ask that you go before us this weekend. give us a wonderful time with Father Joe Adams. And uh we also pray, oh God, Father, bless this little moment now, Lord, as we just want to take this time, oh God, and share this little thought on our hearts tonight. We love you. We thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. And uh uh this is uh uh a little inspiration that struck my mind. I mean many of you might be uh familiar with the thought on the 11 commandment. I want to I want to speak a little bit on the 11 commandment. Uh uh on the 11th commandment Jesus said a new commandment I gave I give unto you. Praise the Lord. So, I want to look at that tonight. And uh uh you know, sometimes you have uh you have that thought, you know, uh uh kind of blessing you and uh you don't want to keep it. That's what preachers like too much talking because there is just a too much they have to talk about and they don't have enough time to talk all about it. And so tonight I want to just I just want to speak a little bit on the 11 commandment. Now you realize that this is this is very familiar to John writing. He write this in the in the in uh uh he write this in his episode of St. John and he also write this in uh 1 John. Let's turn to 1 John chapter 2. 1 John chapter 2. Let's turn to 1 John chapter 2. What is the need of a new commandment? What is the need of an 11 commandment when the 10th was never kept? Praise the Lord. What is the need of an 11 commandment when the 10 10 was never kept? Let's look at uh uh 1 John chapter 2 tonight 9:7. Brethrens, I write no new commandment unto you, but an old commandment which ye have heard, which ye had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which ye have heard from the beginning. Verse eight again, a new commandment I write unto you, which things is truth of him and in you because the darkness is passed and the true light now shine. Praise the Lord. Amen. He says this is not a new commandment. The 11 commandment is not a new commandment. Praise the Lord. Amen. But he again he says it's a new commandment. It's not a new commandment, but it's a new commandment. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Uh, I'm going to rub myself tonight because uh I had I had a subject that uh uh I've been I've been studying on the lawgiver uh that I wanted to to preach on. So this is this is just a part of it tonight. This is just an exitation. Amen. This is just an hesitation. So just just bear with me. Just bear with me. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. We want to thank the Lord also for uh the message our brother brought on on Sunday. Well, there was a beautiful exitation right there in the book of uh of Esther. Praise the Lord. Amen. And you know when you look in the the books of the Bible, if I'm if I'm right, if I'm wrong, tell me. There are two books that is named after women. The book of Esther and the book of Ruth. Praise the Lord. If you just look at the same, that's what I wanted to talk on tonight, but why we were praying my my thoughts went today. So just look at the same and uh both of them are the books of redemption. Esther speaks of the Jewish redemption. It speaks of the Jewish redemption. God play out the redemption of the Jewish people in a in a drama in the life of Hassaris the king. and with Esther coming into the picture. Now remember now the book of Esther is a gentile king with a Jewish queen. The book of Ruth is a Jewish uh uh uh uh law of the harvest. Boaz was a Jewish man and Ruth was a gentile woman. Do you see the beautiful design as the book of Esther speaks about the Jewish redemption and we can be brought into a bat type. Praise the Lord. Amen. I mean a lot of scholars talk talk against the book of Esther only because they say well I mean uh it does not have the name of God which of course uh that is that that is a subject for another day. and uh uh uh but uh Jewish students has proven that the name of God is hidden in the text. Now the name Esther actually in the Hebrew is Hester. Hester which mean hidden. Okay. It means hidden. So God uh just like he hid uh caused a darkness on the earth and then he hid those three sacred virtue in a woman that is the very same thing he's doing right here in the book of Esther. It's about redemption now. So we see uh it speaks about the the the the the Jewish redemption, a gentile king, a Jewish bride over in the book of Ruth that speaks about the gentile redemption. Book of Esther, Jewish redemption, book of Ruth, gentile redemption. So it turned out that the Lord of the harvest, Boaz, is a is a is a Jew. And Ruth that would end up being the bride is a gentile woman. So you see how God keep balance all over the place. Amen. Praise the Lord. Solomon says God is not a God of false balance. The Lord do not like false balance. He love true balance. You love the Lord tonight. [Music] Amen. So uh uh uh we're talking about the 11 commandment. I keep uh you know running my mouth and never get to my my text tonight. What is the need of an 11? Why why should Jesus come and says uh uh I give you a new commandment? Why should there be an 11 when the when the entire Bible tells us that the ten commandments were never kept? Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. Exodus chapter 19. Like I said, I will rub myself tonight, but that's okay. I'm going into something that I would have loved to speak about when I have two or three hours to preach. I can do it when the service has already ended. Amen. And there is just 30 minutes before me. Now, Exodus chapter 19. When you look in Exodus chapter 19, this this uh this chapter was where Israel committed their one of their filter mistake. Amen. Listen to this. Let's read together. Verse n uh chapter 19 verse one. In a ter moment, when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt, the same day came they unto the wilderness of Sinai. For they were departed from uh Raphid, and were come to the desert of Sinai, and had pitched in the wilderness, and there Israel camp before the mount. And Moses went up unto God, and the Lord called unto him out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Jacob, and tell the children of Israel, thus shall thou say, thus shalt thou say that this is the way you should command them. No, say this to them. Praise the Lord. Amen. Do you do you do you realize that what Israel was facing here many of the time we are sitting in that same seat whenever the word is preached even a a word of encouragement always comes to us like there is some kind of a commandment we should do there is something that we should keep. So even at the time that God is is telling you that he love you, you are looking around. I mean how good was I today? Are we together? That is the very same seat that Israel was sitting in right here. Listen to this. Uh uh uh thus shall thou say to the house of Jacob, tell the children of Israel, I have seen what I did unto the Egyptians. Okay. Ye have seen, sorry, ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians and how I b you on eagle wings and brought you to myself. That was grace. That was the grace of God. Amen. I b you on eagle wings which mean I went down and I pick you up. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now watch the conversation. Now uh uh uh uh you have seen what I did to the Egyptians. Amen. For me to get you out, I have to visit Egypt 10 times. 10 notice notable times called the 10 plagues. God is trying to to to magnify something to them for them to be able to appreciate the grace that have brought them. You all were right there. The water turned into blood, but you still have fresh drinking water in your house. You were right there when frogs were all over the place. Guushian was kept away from that. You saw how I dare with the Egyptians. Are we together? Amen. Amen. God trying to to uh uh magnify his grace for us to appreciate it. That's all he needs from us. A little sense of appreciation. Not what you can do, what you can keep, and what what you can tell. You were there when darkness were all over Egypt. You saw the darkness. The Bible says it was so dark that you can touch it. It had a feeling. Scare it. Haunting. Are we together? Yeah. have seen what I did unto the Egyptians and how I b you in the midst of all of that. I kept you from the balls that were falling on their flesh. I kept you from the the the the less that went all through their beds and their their their homes and and and everything that was breaking on their body. I kept you from all of that. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Are we together? How I b you on eagle wings and I brought you unto myself. Now listen now, this is where it gets tricky. Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed and keep my covenant, watch this now. Amen. Because this is where this could turn to look to you like a commment. The question I should ask you is that they obey his voice before he brought them out. Were they obeying his voice before he sent Moses? They have gone away from the Lord. They were not even worshiping God before he sent Moses. Were they worshiping? Were they keeping his commandment? Now, so how will we think that a people whose heart was already against God, their heart was against God? Because they were thinking in their mind, how can we be called the children of Abraham? How can we say Abraham, the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and yet we are our slaves? They were not serving God. Their heart was already hiding against God. That's the reason why they could not receive Moses. Now, how will we think that God will be now requiring them to keep his commandment? You can't keep the commandment with an unconverted heart. Yeah. Right. It is God expressing his love. God trying to show you your state of life that he took you out of. If you can appreciate that, amen. Then you will appreciate when he take you to the next state. Praise the Lord. But what we do is that we feel like we feel like we have worked hard to come to this state of life. And Lord, I have done all of this to be to this place. Why are you not taking me to the next place? That's what we do. Let's read a little bit. Now therefore, if you obey my voice indeed and keep my my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine. Are we together? Now see, God is expressing his desire that the way he's thinking about these people. Amen. I bring you out on eagle wings. This is my thought concerning you. My thought. I want to make you a peculiar treasure. Yes. If I can strike a whole nation because of you. If I can come against all the denomination and forget about their decrees and and pull you out for my name's sake is because this is what I want to make out of you. Praise the Lord. Amen. This is what I want to make out of you. I want to make you a peculiar treasure above all the people for all the earth is mine. and ye shall be unto me a whole a a a kingdom of priests and a holy nation. These are the words which thou shall speak unto the children of Israel. But you see many of the time is that the way we understand things when they are spoken to us is all because of our state of mind. Many times it's not what the person is saying, it's the state of mind that you are in. If you are in an angry state of mind, you will say, "Why are you laughing at me?" when the person is not even laughing. Why are you teasing me? It's because your state of mind is wrong. Yeah. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. It's sometimes it's not what the person said. Right. Right. It is your state of mind that you are in. So these people are in a slave state of mind. They are in a state of mind where they are whipped. They are commanded to do everything. So God expressing his thoughts and his desire to his people. They are taking it as a commandment. Are we together? Amen. Amen. And Moses came and called the others of the people and laid before before their their faces all these words which the Lord commanded him. And all the people answered together. All the people answered together and said, "All that the Lord has spoken, we will do." Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. That was a filthy mistake. That was a filter error that he made. You never did nothing for God to bring you out. He only remember his promise to Abraham. Praise the Lord. He remember his promise after 400 years. I will come down with a mighty hand and I will bring. God was remembering his promise. He was not rewarding the people because of their good work. Right? It was their rejection and attitude that ran Moses into the wilderness. So you see this was what bir the ten commandments. God showed them grace. I brought you out on eagle wings. The people call for Lord all that the Lord says we will do. God gave them grace. Show them grace. You see what I did to the Egyptians and I gather you. I brought you. I pick you up. You walk through a Red Sea where you did not have to split. You had enough strength to walk faster than Gerro that was running on wheels. God showing a grace to his people for us to appreciate. And then we are counting which commandment we kept and which one we broke. When just the breaking of one is the breaking of all. Right. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother says, you know, our our decent dress is just a just an appreciation to the Lord. Amen. The way we dress, the things that we do is it's not a commment. or this church or not believe in women wearing trousers. That's that's not truth. It's not a commandment. It's a life of appreciation. Amen. Because we have we have we we we have uh by God's grace we have come to identify decency. Amen. And what we what we teach and encourage is decency. I went out there as a young lady. I was coming to church here and went to see her mother and I visiting with them and and and you know mother and daughter uh been away for for many years and she came to join her mom and uh you know and I just telling the mom you know I just I just came to you know let you know yeah your daughter come to church with us and and u uh I just wanted you to know you know uh uh and if there's any question and all of that as we talk along she said yeah you know this thing uh uh uh I Oh, my daughter any clothes I buy for her, she don't she don't like to wear it, you know. She just dressing like a old lady in house and all of that. I knew where that where that conversation was going, you know. And so she wanted to know whether it was uh it was a it was a law in the church. I said, "No, it's not a law in the church. No, no, it's not a law in the church." So I got God talking with her. I gave her the long row and I hang her. Amen. you know, and she said, she said, "Yeah, I remember. I remember, you know, uh uh uh uh I know I used to go to church back then, and that's how we used to dress." I said, "But then where did it go? Where did it go? It's just an appreciation for decency." Okay, let's get back to what we're talking about tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, God God showed grace to the people. The people ask for Lord all that the Lord says we will do. Praise the Lord. When you read that statement, it might appear and sound like it's an earnest statement. And we do the same. You know, I've I love the Lord now. You know, I'm I'm I you know, I I love the message. You know, I stand for the word and stand for what? If God don't give you grace, you be crying on your belly. That's right. That's right. Amen. He told King, he says, uh h sin desire you. He will seek after you. Praise the Lord. And every man born in sin, we face that. It runs after us every day. It's all in the street. You even close the door and stay home alone. It's dead. It's bugging your mind. If the grace of God don't help you, you crawl on your belly. And all the people answered together and said, "All that the Lord has spoken, we will do." Moses returned. the words of the people unto the Lord and you will see right from there on God approached the people completely different. Praise the Lord. That was the birth of the ten commandments. Amen. That was the birth of the ten commandment. But but see you see what see the beauty of the Lord. All that the Lord said you will do. Hello God talking to the people now. Moses really all that he said they are telling you that everything I said they will do. Okay. I strike Israel with 10 plagues. I'll give them ten commandments to see if they will keep it. I strike Israel with 10 pledges. So if they if they will do all that I will say, if that is the way they will appreciate what I have done for them by works, then let me give them 10 commandments. Each commandment for a plague. Are we together? If we think there the way to appreciate what God has done for us is by our works. No, it's a spirit of gratitude. A spirit of gratitude that is in your heart. A spirit of gratitude that you are not afraid to say thank you Jesus. When even people think you are losing your mind, you can say thank you Jesus. Because you are filled with a spirit of gratitude. Young people, you don't have to be ashamed to pray for your fool in public. Yeah. You want to be filled with the spirit of gratitude. Yeah. I gave you one commandment for the plague. Just imagine now if God will look at our life and the things that he have done for us, the things he has saved us from and he will give you one commandment for everything that he have done for you. Will we ever come out of that? No. No, we will not. No, we will not. Are we together tonight? Is the picture coming together? Praise the Lord. Amen. So, but uh the the ten commandment was birthed. You go right down there and you see what the ten commandment is. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. What a wonderful Jesus. we serve. Oh, praise the Lord. Look, what will happen here? What will happen? Jesus Jesus would take uh he would take the ten commandments. He would take the ten commandments. Let's look in Luke chapter 15. Praise the Lord. Luke chapter 15. Is that what I said? Luke chapter 10. Luke chapter 10. Luke chapter 10. Let's read from verse 25. And behold, a certain lawyer stood up. Lawyer, which means someone that studied the word, and tempted him, saying, "Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?" He said unto him, "What is written in the Lord, and how readth thou?" What is written in the commandment? And how do you read it? You read it as a commandment, but do you see the grace of God and the love of God in it? Now, see what he says here. He said unto him, "What is written in the Lord?" What is written in the Lord? And how readth and this guy said unto him, And he answered and said, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and all thy soul, and all your strength, and all your mind, and thy neighbor as thyself." And he said unto him, Jesus said unto him, "Thou hath answered right, this do and thou shalt live." Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so you see it here. Jesus took the ten commandments and he place it into two. Love the Lord with all of your heart. Love your neighbor as yourself. If you love the Lord with all of your heart, you will respect the Sabbath day. If you love your neighbor as yourself, you will not covert. You will not steal. You will not bear false witness. So he took the commandments and then he break it into two. Praise the Lord. Amen. Love the Lord with all of your heart, all of your mind, all of your strength, and then love your neighbor as yourself. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, but he's dealing with a Pharisees here. He dealing with a a scride. He says, "Well, you know this. Well, that's right. Then go do it. Go and do it. If you are looking for what to do to please God, go do it. Go try. Go do it. Go through an entire day where you will not complain about somebody. If it's not somebody dressing wrong, a driver on the street, go where somebody will cut before you and say, "Oh, I love you for cutting before me." Good. Praise the Lord. Amen. But if you watch it, Jesus just before he will leave his disciple, he will come and then he will say this to them. A new commandment I gave you. Now you have to realize in Matthew chapter 5 Jesus said I have not come to do away with the law. No I have come to fulfill it. Amen. So he was not getting the rate of the 10. He was giving you another one. Praise the Lord. He was giving you another one. We I can't even take care of two. Then you adding another one to it. What was the importance of the 11 commandment? If we can't keep the the the 10th, it's because the 11 commandment held the revelation of the 10th. The 11 commandment held the revelation of the 10th. The 11 commandment have the fulfillment of the 10th. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Let's go back to that again. Glory be to God. You love the Lord tonight. It's just uh just uh uh you know uh it just uh how can we call it now? Prayer meeting tonight. So just bear with me. Matthew chapter 13, Jesus says, "A new commandment I give unto you, that ye love one another as I have loved you, that ye also love one another." Praise the Lord. That's the fulfillment of the thing. It was his love that brought him down into Egypt. It was his love that watched over h Joseph when he was sold. It was his love that was keeping the promise he gave to to Abraham. It was his love. God said, "For my servant David's sake, there will always be a seed on the throne of Israel. Even if his children sin, if they repent, I will forgive their iniquity. If they don't repent, I will still raise up one for my name's sake. That's God's love. It does not have anything to do with our works. Yeah. Are we together? Amen. Why do we need another one? When we couldn't keep the 10th. But here in this one, Jesus was actually bringing us the ingredients of the ten commandments. That it was not a commandment to whip you and make you guilty all the days of your life. But all I was doing, I was show as I have loved you. As I have loved you, love one another. Praise the Lord. Amen. As I have loved you, if we if we can appreciate the grace of God to our life, we will have grace on people. Praise the Lord. It will not be difficult to say, "I'm sorry." when you are wrong. Yeah. You don't have to even beg for sire and be looking through the window. When will they come and say sorry? Jesus said when your brother offend you, you go to him. Yeah. Because you have experienced the love of God. That love of God will draw push you to go and reconcile. Amen. Amen. You will not accept rules and regulation when you pass this 10 step before I will forgive you. The 11 commandment. A new commandment give I unto you that ye love one another as I have loved you that ye love one another. Love the Lord with all of your heart, all of your mind, all of your strength. Everything that is within you, you are able to bring it on a subjuggestion to God's word. You are able to bring it on a subjection to God's love. Because I love the Lord, I would not want to hurt him. I realize that my action, my choices will hurt him. That's when you are you are experiencing the love of God. That's when it has drive home to you. It's not just a word that is used in the mouth. It's something that is experienced. Something that we all have experienced. God's love has been going after us. Why can't we give it to another person? And Jesus said, "By this, by this 11 commandment, all men will know, all men know whether that ye are my disciples by this 11 commandment." Praise the Lord. The 11th had the life of the 10th. The 10 had no life in it. The 11 had the life of the 10th. Praise the Lord. Amen. Parents, obey or I mean children, obey your parents. Command me in the Lord. If the 11 does not drop in your heart, you want to love them because they good to you. You love them because they give you this and that. But then when they correct you by the word, you get angry. The 11 had the life of the 10th. The 11 had the ingredient of the 10th. A new commandment have I given to you. John says, I realize this is not a new commandment. is the same old but again it's a new commandment. Praise the Lord. Amen. The 11th commandment. When you break into the 11th commandment, you don't have fear. If you stay with the ten commandment, you have fear. Oh yeah. Because if you break one, you are guilty of all. But when you enter into the 11 commandment, there is no fear. Praise the Lord. There is no fear. Whether you have to keep it from up down or from down up or in the middle down and up, you it does not bother you. You just love the Lord. Amen. Amen. M you just love the Lord because you realize he first love you when you were unlovable. Praise the Lord. Amen. You just love him. You can't explain it. You can't tell why. You can't explain it. You can't put God love to such things because he, you know, he he he he he gave me a house because he gave. You can't put God love to such things. Those are perishable things. His love is in tenor. Are we together? Amen. His love is in tenor and all he's all he's trying to do trying to grab us and say appreciate it once appreciate the little things. Don't look for big things. Look for things around you every day that you can appreciate. Amen. Try to have a grateful heart. Learn to say thank you. Learn to say thank you. Have a grateful heart. Let it let it just flow. You know that you know those kind of a thank you where you tell somebody thank you. He said, "For what?" Because it hit him right in the face. Not the not the one where you say it says thank you. You say what? When the person say you say what? Because the thank you is dragging. It's so dry. It don't have feelings in it. Thank you. You say what? Oh, I said thank you. Oh, I said thank you. But he said, "Thank you for what?" Because it hit them right in the face. It come right out of a grateful heart. That's all he want us to do. Just to be grateful. Just to be grateful, just to be thankful. The musicians can come tonight. I said this was a prayer meeting. I'm beginning to feel the the the feeling of preaching coming on me now. So, praise the Lord. Amen. But this is just to kind of for encourage you tonight. That's the reason why there must be a 10 because it has the life I mean a 11 because the 11 have the life of the 10th. The 11 have the ingredients of the 10. The 10 were deadly. An eye for an eye. a tooth for a tooth. It was deadly because of that. Read the scripture. Israel only had a city of refuge for their people. They never had no praising. They don't send you to praising. You break the commandment, they burn you, they stone you to death. Prison was mostly for for people that were captured from war. But the citizen, a city of refuge was set out. You better run as as fast as you can to get to one because when the adventure of blood gets you before you get to the city of refuge, you are condemned. You are dead. When we come to service, we must come with grateful hearts. We must be happy that we are here, glad that we are here, glad I'm able to make it on Wednesday night. I'm able to drive to church. Feed it in your heart. Let that thing be there. It is the gratefulness that make you to praise the Lord. It makes you to shout. You say, "Amen." You love the word, right? You are not coming coming just to be instructed. [Music] Because if you are coming with a mind just to be instructed, you will sit down dry. You want for something to be said, something you have never heard before. Oh wow. Oh wow. As much as the Oh wow, it's beautiful. Let's be grateful. Amen. Let's be grateful. It's Wednesday night. We can come together. Bring our little lake of fire. Praise the Lord. Sing to the sons. Read the word. [Music] Oh, and now let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor sayings I reach because of what the Lord has done for us. And now, oh, and let the weak face I am strong. Let the post [Music] shine mold. Oh, let us sing to the Lord tonight. One more time. And now, let the wings I am strong. Let the po say I'm free because of all the Lord has done for [Applause] us. Give thanks. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Give thanks. Let's stand on our feet with unbelievable heart. Give thanks to the holy one. Give thanks because he has given us Jesus Christ. Give thanks. Give thanks. Make a greatful gift to the one gift because he's giving Jesus Christ. Oh my go see I am because of all the Lord has done and now. Oh yes and let the weak I am strong. Let the pro I because of what the Lord has done for us. [Music] Give thanks. What a musician softly playing with our heads bowed tonight. Can we say thanks to the Lord? Let's give thanks. Let's thank him. There's a whole lot to thank him for. There's a whole lot we have to thank him for. And let's pray that God will give us a grateful heart. He will give us a heart that will learn to appreciate him for every breath that we breathe, the strength we have in our body. Now what we have as substance as money and and and clothes and let's let's thank him for the cells of our body, the beating of our heart, our ears that can hear, our tongue that can speak. Let's give thanks tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we want to be thankful. Lord, teach us to be thankful. Teach us, Lord God, give us a grateful heart. Father, when we learn to be grateful, we will have no reason to complain. We will have no reason to complain. There will not be a reason to envy, oh God, or a reason to be jealous, Father, Lord, because we thank you. We thank you, knowing that everything that we have, you give it to us, Lord. You give it to us, Father. We thank you tonight. We thank you for this opportunity. We thank you, precious Lord God, for your grace. Thank you for your love, oh God. Oh father. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. We want to give thanks tonight Lord. Thank you father for bringing us from this morning to this present time. Thank you for watching over our going out in our coming in. Lord thank you father Lord for the water that we drank for the food that we ate. Lord, thank you for even appetite that we have. God, oh Jesus, we thank you, Father, we thank you tonight, Lord. We thank you, precious Lord. We thank you, Savior Divine. Thank you, Father, for this assembly. Thank you that we have a church that we can come to, Lord. Oh God, we might not like everything about it, Lord Jesus. It might not be our favorite place. Oh God, how we wish we had a balcony filled, oh God, Father, with 50 people, 100 people. But Father, we thank you for the church family that you give us, Lord. People that can get on their knees and pray for us. Even if they don't mention our name, Lord, but when they say, "Bless the brothers. Bless the sisters, I know I'm covered. I know I'm covered. I can go to bed knowing that somebody is praying for me. Give us a grateful heart, Lord, to be thankful for the people that are around us. We don't need to like everything about [Music] them, but we are grateful that they are [Music] there. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, precious Lord, we just want to thank you tonight. Oh God, when that 11 commandments struck a a prophet one day, he was going to pray for the sick person. He went across a killer bull and that bull could have harm him. But he said when love projects, when that 11 commandment projects, sovereign grace takes over. Amen. when 11 commandment [Music] projects. Oh God, oh father, how we need you Lord. Thank you for your love that you have loved us. And because you love us, oh God, we can love you. We can love one another. Oh father, let the true love of God be birthed in our hearts. A love, oh God, that will help us to look beyond our failures. Look beyond our thoughts. A love that will help us to look beyond the faults of others. Lord, it would not benefit to keep grudges and keep bitterness. We don't want nothing to do with their father because we love you. We thank you tonight. We thank you, Father. I pray that Lord may this little exaltation tonight prepare our hearts for the service on the weekend. Bring breath joy on this atmosphere, oh God. And let the word of God bless the walls of this building, oh father. Let the word of God constrain our hearts, oh God. to let the word change our lives. Teach us, oh God, to love you. Teach us to wake up every morning and say, "Thank you, Jesus. I love you." Thank you for another day. I love you. No matter what we are going through, Lord, may it not be heavy for us to say, "I love you. with his redeeming Lord me and you and all my love. Hallelujah is to him. He brought me on to victory. beneath the cleing floor. I say vtory in Jesus my savior forever. The sound. Oh w you love me. I knew him and all my he me to victory. Let's sing this chorus. If we be dismissed, the Lord bless you. I got so much to thank him for. I got so much to thank him for. [Music] Let's clap our [Music] hands. I got so much to thank you for. so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and where he brought me from, I got so much to thank him for. Oh, I got so much to thank him for. so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. When I think of all he gone away, he had brought me from. I got so much to thank him for. Oh, I got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he has brought me from, I got so much to thank him for. Oh, I got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, the Lord has been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where his grace brought me from, I got so much to thank him for. One more time there. Oh, I got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he have brought me from, I got so much to pay him for. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Let's thank him. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Give us a grateful heart. Thank you. Thank you. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Amen. We will see you on Saturday night. We will be sitting at 6:30 p.m. Amen. Oh, and when I think of what he's done and where he had brought me from, I got so much to thank him for. I got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to you.
