################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - July 13, 2025 Sunday Service Bro Bloteh Won- Building in Troublesome Times - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   July 13, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Bloteh Won- Building in Troublesome Times
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4JBET8d9PEg
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Here we are. Hallelujah. [Music] So I cherish the all rocked cross till my tries at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rocked cross and exchange something for Christ. All a hill far away to an old rock or grass the emblems of suffering and shame and I love that cross where did you rest in For the world of the sin was laid. Though I cherish the rock cross till my ties at last I lay down. Why we cling to the or ruged cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Hold that old rug across so despised by the world has a wonderous attraction for me. [Music] For the dear lamb of God left his glory above to break it to the calary. [Music] Oh, I cherish the rugged cross till my trumpet at last I lay down. I we cling to the rocket cross and exchange some name for a crown. Hallelujah. Put your hands together for Jesus this morning. Glory to your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Just turn to somebody and say, "God bless you this morning." Amen. To God be the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Yes, Lord. What a blessing. What a privilege. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] Let's go and rise. Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow. Because he lives, [Music] all fear is gone because I know. Yes, I know. He holds a future and life is what a living just because he live because he live [Music] I can face tomorrow. [Music] Because he lives, [Music] all fear is gone. Because I know, yes, I know he holds the future. And life is what they're living just because it lives. [Music] And then one day I'll cross the river. I fight last for a war with pain. Hallelujah. And then as death gives way to victory. I'll see the light of glory. And I know he lives [Applause] because he lives. Hallelujah. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds the future and life is what a living just because he Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. To God be the glory. Hallelujah. Bless your name Jesus. Thank you Lord. Glory to your name Jesus. Hallelujah. Bless your name Lord. What a joy. Amen. Amen. All right, we have praise report here this morning before we go to the Lord in prayer. Um, praise Lord saints. My procedure went very well by the grace of God. God bless you all for your prayers. That's from sister Fu. Thank you the almighty God for our sister. Um, shalom saints. I am grateful to the almighty God for my wife as she celebrates her birthday today. May the Almighty God grant her heart desire and happy wedding anniversary to us. Thanks from brother B brother D. Jalan Nippi. God bless you. Happy birthday sister Bridget. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. So we have to pray for sister Alice who is not feeling well um this morning. Let us unite our faith this morning as we remember brothers and sisters this morning and we just want to pray that the almighty God will watch over them. Father, we thank you God for this moment. Bless us Lord as we gather this morning. Bless the service. Bless the song time. Bless your servant this morning as he mount the pulpit to come and preach your word. Bless those who due to one reason or the other, they're unable to come as they stream online. May you bless them even those who are trying to make their way here. Lord I pray that you bring them safely. Lord bless our worship. Bless our gathering this morning. Uh we pray for sister Alice. Remember her. Lord we pray that you stretch your healing hand over her this morning. Even want to thank you for sister Bridget her birthday. Lord we thank you even the procedure. Oh God for sister Fatu. Oh God we thank you God. We pray oh God for many needs and wants this morning. We thank you Jesus for your grace and your mercy. To you God be the glory. In Jesus mighty name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Are you happy to be here this morning? Amen. No. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. I'm always happy to be in the presence of God and more to be among saints. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Just shout Jesus this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus has the table spread where the saints of God are. He invite his children and die. He invites his children with his man and glorifying and so quiet. Come and die. Come and die. The master call it come and die. The feast Jesus table all the time. He who fes the multitude turn the water into wine. To the hungry call it hung come and die. Come and die. The master call it come and die. Fast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude from the water into wine to the hungry call. Come and die. The disciples came to land obeying Christ command for the master called to them. Come and die. They found their heart deserve bread and fish upon fire. Because he's satisfied our hungry every time. Come and die. The master call. Come and die. The feast Jesus all the time. He offers a multitude to the water to the hungry calling them. Hallelujah. from the master call. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He offers a multitude. Turn the water into wine. So the hungry calling come and die. Soon the lamb will stay bright to the ever heart side. All the host of heaven will assemble his wife. And with Jesus stay with me. And I the master call Jesus name all the time. who feed the mult. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh your hands. Come and the master call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He says a multitude turn the water into wine. to the hungry call it now come and thank you. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. To God be the glory. What a joy. Amen. There's always joy in the presence of God. You believe that this morning? Shout glory this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. My heart was distressed. Jehovah dread flow and lower in the pit where my sin dragged me down. I cried to thy love from the deep maring clay who tenderly brought. Hallelujah. [Music] He brought me out from the valley clay. He set my feet on the rock to save me. And so to thee a song of praise. Hallelujah. He brought me out from the burning cl on the rack to sing. He put his song my soul to thee a song of praise. Hallelujah. He bless me upon by his side. My steps were established. through the har I remain busted down by his grace onto the ground. Hallelujah. He brought me out. He set my feet on the right day. He was. So today a song of praises. Hallelujah. Your hands. [Music] He brought me out from the morning. He set my feet on the rock to sing. People give my soul to thee a song of praises. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. said the joy of the Lord is our strength. Believe that. Shout Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. All right. We have um um I would like to thank the almighty God for his hand on my wife um procedure on Friday. Thank you. That's from brother Johnny. Hallelujah. Want to thank God for his grace and his mercy. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Amen. You happy to be here this morning? Just stand to your neighbor and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. It's always a joy when we come together. Amen. [Music] This of these are the days of Elijah. declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of the serious righteousness being restored. And these are the days of great trials of famine and darkness and sword. Still with a voice in the desert, crying, preparing the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining on the sun at the trump. Lift your voice is a re of jubilee. and out of Zion his salvation come. These are the days of physical. The dry becoming a fish. And these are the days of the seven. Leave me with your need and tell your days of the harvest. Def. We are the laborers and preparing the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds. Shining like a sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice is the year of jubilee. Adam's lion his salvation comes. Behold he comes riding on the clouds shining like the sun at the trumpets call. Lift your voice. Sea of jubilee out of thy salvation go. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpets call. Lift your voice in the year of jubilee. Out of time his salvation come. Behold he comes crying like a son like clouds at the trumpets call and lift your voice in jubile. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the clouds, shining like the sun at the trumpets fall. Lift your voice in the jubilee. Out of Zion, his salvation comes. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. Our next song, we'll go ahead and sing uh as brother Dan will go and pick up the offering. Yes. [Music] Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you happy this morning? It's always a joy to be in the presence of God. Amen. Sing with your own might and praise him. They say when praises goes up, blessings come down. Amen. All right. Look and leave, my brother. Leave. Look through Jesus now and leave. It's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. His only virtue. Look, look and leave. My brother live. Look to Jesus now and live. It's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. is only that you look and have a message from the Lord. Hallelujah. This message unto you. I give is recorded in his word. Hallelujah. Is only that you look. Who can live? My brother live. Look to Jesus now and leave. He's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. His only that you know have a message full of love. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] It's a message from above. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ. Oh, look and leave my brother. Leave. Look to Jesus now and live. He's recorded in his full. Hallelujah. is only that you know and live. [Applause] Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. All right. Now, I think we'll go ahead and turn the order of service. Sing this song as we call on the pastor to come up. Amen. [Music] As we prepare our heart to receive the message this morning, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Love has called my name. I've been born again into a family. Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You revel me. with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enies. Till all my fears have gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. From my mother's womb, you have chosen me. Love has called my name. I've been born again into a family. Your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Let's the instrument play. Let's just focus on him this morning. Just focus on him this morning. Thank him for all that he has done. Just meditate on the word of God this morning as we prepare our heart to receive him this morning. Just think about the goodness of God. He wake us up this morning. What a privilege saying it is a privilege for us to be here this morning. Just thank him for his goodness. Thank him to be among the living this morning. Just call on him this morning. put everything aside and just thank him for all that he has done. Oh yes, Jesus. Invite me in your presence this morning. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. You re me with a meloy. You surround me the song [Music] of deliverance from my enemies till all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Applause] [Music] Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord. We greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. And we just uh want to be grateful that the Lord has given us this opportunity. We can come again and uh celebrate his resurrection. And uh the Lord bless you. You can have your seat uh uh for now. Amen. We will greet you. U praise the Lord. I believe this is a visitor uh Ba. Okay. Okay. God bless you, sister. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. And uh we will also greet uh Good to see you, AJ. We'll greet our brother Samuel and uh from uh Pennsylvania. He came, he was with us on Wednesday night. He just fell right into the crowd. So uh never thought about greeting him, but brother Samuel, you are welcome. That's brother Elijah, younger brother. And uh that was his uh Aaron for many years. Samuel was Aaron to Elijah. you know that I mean that Moses couldn't speak. So God gave him an Aaron to be able to speak for him. So Samuel was Elijah Aaron uh for many years there as a deacon in the church and then came over to the states to study but he's there in Pennsylvania with brother in the church and uh uh ministering for them there too. So he was uh with brother Flint in Alaska and and decided to come down here just to visit with us and and uh so it's good to have you Samuel and uh uh hopefully maybe on Wednesday we will have him to testify to us u after the prayer meeting. We'll have a prayer meeting on Wednesday night against the service of Friday evening. So, uh uh uh we'll have a Wednesday night prayer meeting and then uh Friday evening, Friday night, uh service will be uh from 8:00 p.m. And uh uh from 8:00 p.m. we will we will uh nice service and uh uh so let's uh let's pray and uh trust that the Lord will meet with us here uh uh this this assembly by the grace of God uh uh will be holding on uh 30 years uh uh by next week. So uh the Lord has uh he has helped us over the years. I think uh uh the church went couple of years before we came in and started working with the brothers. So uh we we want to appreciate the Lord for what was done here and what uh what we are doing and what we continue to be done even at a time when uh our our our time is over if Jesus tried. Praise the Lord. So uh we have uh one desire in our heart is that the Lord will give us a privilege to be able to leave a memorial and uh something that uh uh we can look back to and and says that the Lord definitely he was with us. Praise the Lord. We are looking forward to that. We are looking forward to that. So, uh, uh, for those that will be able to make it, uh, if you can be able to grab a little bit of a sleep or nap before you come, that would be good. We just want to spend some time in, uh, uh, praise and also uh, prayer and uh, just just giving thanks that the Lord has been good for us. That is this coming Friday, the 18 at 8:00 p.m. service will begin for us this morning. brother Wesley and Sister Carrot uh and not able to be with us because Sister Carrot is not feeling well and she was doing a little better but uh uh uh the same with uh Sister Elizabeth you know uh uh the devil always trying to put sin in our meal but uh we will we will praise the Lord anyhow. But we just want to remember them in prayer that the Lord will continue to be with them. Praise the Lord. And uh uh we want to thank the Lord for the service on Wednesday. Praise the Lord. I believe that was a wonderful service. Amen. &gt;&gt; That was a really wonderful service. I don't know what's going on this year, but I just I just I'm just enjoying it. you know, we have brother Delhi and he was supposed to stay till the weekend and then uh brother asks that uh he come over to uh Tucson to preach. So we had to let him go and also we had brother Jabz and Jabz was supposed to stay and preach for us today and uh brother Jack Dove wanted him over in Florida so we had to let him go. I was thinking in my mind, I said, "Well, maybe God is just uh trying to bless our Wednesday service." Amen. &gt;&gt; And don't make us only a a Sunday Christian. So, if the preachers just come on Wednesday night, we will receive them. We hardly don't have people coming through our place. So, if they only coming for Wednesday night, we will say, "Thank you, Jesus." Amen. So, brother Jabius is out uh in Florida there today preaching for brother Jack Do and and uh what a what a service. Amen. It was uh it was a wonderful wonderful service and and we thank the Lord for that. We thank the Lord for that. Yes. But then that's what I said. We'll have a prayer meeting on Wednesday night. So, uh uh we will have a prayer meeting on Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. Amen. I know it's not uh it's not culture for us to have service on Wednesday and service on Friday but Friday service is a birthday service okay is a special at 30 years old I mean you can go for the night dinner there okay so uh so that's Friday night service so Wednesday night we will have our normal Wednesday night service but it will be a prayer meeting I will come up lead the prayer and then uh we will we will have brother uh uh Samuel to u exalt us after the prayer meeting. So yeah, we will have a uh Wednesday night service again and Friday night we will be seated at 8:00. Praise the Lord. Amen. and let's just stand on our feet and uh and just uh remember these few names that are before us, Sister Carrot, and praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Good to have you, brother. Praise the Lord. Good to have you. We always uh we always appreciate you coming and uh visiting with us whenever you are in town. He's over from the church in Phoenix and he comes uh on the work mission but uh he made it his duty to uh to be with us. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. What a wonderful Jesus. Let's just bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, once again, Lord, we want to thank you. We want to thank you, Father God, for as we say, Lord, bringing us together. Lord, we want to thank you, oh God, for keeping us in this place. There have many, Lord, that have come and gone through this assembly, Lord. Father, many families, many uh uh marriages, couples, but Father God, you have been good to us. You have been good to us, Lord Jesus, from the time of God. Father, you order our steps through the doors of this assembly. Lord, you place a love in our hearts for the people. You help us Lord Jesus to bear with the different seasons Lord in the different things that have happened Lord God. We have no regret. We have no regret Lord. Father we just want to thank you. We want to thank you oh God. And that's what I will ask Lord this morning. Fill my cup Lord. Just come Lord God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. Yes, Father. Bread of heaven, [Music] feed me till I walk no more. Yes, my cup filled it all and make me whole. [Music] Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Yes, my cup. Fill it up and make me. Let's sing. Fill my cup now. Fill my cup, Lord. I live I leave my soul to you, Lord. Come and quench this thirsty of my soul. Bread of heaven. Jesus feed me till till I want no more. Yes, my cup filled it up. I don't know what's your desire this morning. I don't know the level of your spiritual appetite. I don't know what you needed from the Lord. What drove you down to this place? Most every one of us come about some 20, 25, 30, 35, 40 minutes, an hour, hour 30 minutes, hour 45 minutes. And uh brother Wesley and sister Carol was here this morning. it would be over 2 hours to get here with all the road construction, but yeah, we have come. I don't know what's the desire in your heart this morning, but I would just ask that we pray together and just commit oursel in the hands of the Lord that the Lord would just deal with us this morning. He would just come and deal with us this morning. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, we bless your name, Lord, we praise you, Father, we thank you, Lord God, we worship your name. We lift you up in the highest, oh Father God, and ask, oh Lord, that you would come, oh God, Father, Lord, and just bless us, oh God. Oh father, it's with you, Lord, that we have come to deal with this morning, Lord. Father, come, Lord, deal with us, oh God. Come, oh God. Father speak to us Lord come oh God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Father we will ask that God you will move in a special way Father God. Oh God from from seat to seat Lord Jesus from road to roll God this morning Lord and while your children say to God I pray that father something will drop in their heart oh God something will capture their mind this morning something will be said oh God. Father, Lord, that only you know, oh God, Father, what their life is and what they are desiring. Oh God, that precious Lord, Father, you will be able to meet them this morning, Lord. Oh Jesus, oh Jesus, oh Jesus, Father, Lord, yes Lord God. So bread of heaven, come and feed us. till we walk. Nothing of this world, nothing of oursel Lord, nothing of sin, Lord Jesus. We want a feeling from you, oh God. We want a feeding from you, Lord Jesus. Come Lord and feed us, Lord God. Oh God, Lord God, that we will lost the desire of this word. We will lost the appetite for sin. Oh God, we will lost Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, every power Lord God, Father, that is holding us back, Lord God, from our full potential, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Let it be, Father, this morning, Lord. I hide behind the cross, Lord Jesus. And I say, let the preaching of the word be the sprinkling of the blood of God. Thank you, Father. Thank you Lord. Thank you sweet Jesus. In your precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you. Thank you musicians. Let's just take our Bibles. Daniel chapter 9. Praise the Lord. Daniel chapter 9. Let's go to Daniel chapter 9. We spoke from Daniel chapter 9 couple of weeks ago. for I say a month ago and we spoke literally from this uh very same place we're going to read from this morning Daniel chapter 9 let's read from verse 20 praise the Lord Daniel chapter 9 let's read from verse 20 and while I was speaking and praying and confessing my sin and the and the sin of my people Israel and presenting my supplication before the Lord my God for the holy mountains of my God. Yeah. While I was speaking in prayer, even the man down in the man Gabriel whom I have seen in the vision at the beginning being caused to fly swiftly touch me about the time of the evening oblation. Amen. The evening sacrifice, the evening oblation, the evening service. and uh and he informed me and he talked with me and said, "Oh Daniel, I am now comfort to give thee skills and understanding at the beginning of thy supplication. The commandment came forth and and I am come to show thee, for thou art greatly beloved." Amen. Do you feel greatly beloved this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. If you don't feel that, I pray that the Lord will be able to do something special for you that you'll be able to feel his love. Amen. Therefore, understand the matter and consider the vision. 70 weeks are determined upon that people. Amen. So this 70 weeks are not 70 weeks. It's 70 years week. We explained that to you. They there are 70 weeks of months, 70 weeks of years. So this is 70 weeks of years. 70 weeks are determined upon that people and upon that holy city to finish the transgression and to make an end of sin and to make rec uh reconciliation for the iniquity and to bring in everlasting righteousness and to seal up the vision and prophecy and to anoint the most holy. Know therefore and understand that from the going forth of the commandment, pay attention today, that's where we will take our inspiration from this morning. From the going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem. Praise the Lord. We started in the time of uh uh King Cyprus prophesied by Isaiah and uh uh from the glory for the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem onto Messiah the prince. Amen. Shall be 70 weeks 70 weeks of years and three schools and two weeks of years. if uh just just to be able to to give some context to it. I'm not talking on 70 weeks this morning. The street shall be built again and the walls even in troubles time. Amen. I want to speak on building in troubles time. Building in troublesome time. That's what I want to speak on this morning. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat as we ask blessing upon the word. We want to talk on building in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. Building in troublesome time. Now the the the the the book of Daniel uh uh we we been taught by by the God's prophet that the book of Daniel uh uh actually speaks of the beginning of the gentile dispensation. So the book of Daniel holds a lot of prophecy for for the gentile age for our age and and and and some of the things that uh that are seen in the book of Daniel is uh spiritual warfare. The book of Daniel exposes how the gentile people will come into believing Jesus honor a lot of spiritual warfare coming down from our ancestors with all the ungodly worship and sacrifice and and and you will see that and and and in the book of Da there are some things that are that are revealed that you will not find anywhere. You never find the Asian of day used in any any any book of the Bible. It's only unto Daniel the Asian of day was revealed which of course is another attribute of God. It's another title of God, another attribute of God. And in the book of Daniel, you see where the Bible talk about the prince of Persia, the spirits that rule nations, the spirit that govern people, spirit that rules city. Even our city broken part is ruled by the spirit. Praise the Lord. And and and you know and and places are identified like that, you know. Uh uh uh so in in in the Bible talk after the prince of Pesha comes the prince of Greeks you know uh so Daniel uh uh uh and and just like we said you know uh uh you know that in Daniel he's praying he reading Jeremiah prophecy and he's seeing that is is is you know this this is the time that they in Babylon he's going back to Jeremiah prophecy and he's trying to pray it and understand the time you know how many years left are we in the 70 years. How many more years? You know, he's praying, oh God, forgive our sin. Oh God, help reveal this thing. and and and uh he's praying there and we see here that uh that uh uh Gabriel will will will later on reveal to Daniel that uh uh uh from the day he started praying his prayers were lifted up but there were spirits that were waring against his prayers. Amen. He says h the prince of Persia, the city you are living in, you know, the the the the demon power, the prince of that city, a prince is uh is uh is is a place of authority. It's a commanding place of authority. This man is a prince. Okay. So is is a place it's a position of authority. Now, so uh uh uh and he and and and we learned that that was that was about 21 days. I believe that is the place where churches take 21 day fast, you know. Uh uh uh because Daniel was praying and fasting. Uh but what was happening is that Daniel was not praying and fasting for 21 days. But Daniel was war against 21 days. And and Gabriel will reveal that to to Daniel that 21 days these powers were fighting against you. And whether you believe it or not, you and myself are dealing with the same thing. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. If it is not real to you yet, you need to check your birth. Praise the Lord. If you are born again and uh uh that you know that uh serving the Lord is not a picnic. Praise the Lord. Serving the Lord is a warfare and and every day there are things that are waring against our life. Praise the Lord. Amen. So you see all of those things and uh you know and and and lot of the things uh you know lot of history even in the time that we are living in the the restoration we see the abomination that make a desolation is prophesied in the book of Daniel. you will realize that uh uh uh uh what what scholars call the silent years. You know, they think that between Malachi and and and Matthew, the Bible never said anything about it. The Bible said what was happening because it's right here in the book of Daniel from the time of the commandment to Miah the prince. So it covered that period of time. So there is no time in history where the Bible is silenced. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is just no time in history where the Bible is silenced. It cover every time because that's God's word. Are we together? And that's the reason why the book of Daniel is such a is such a a powerful book. It's a wonderful book uh uh for the gentile church because that's where God started giving Daniel visions and prophecy concerning the gentile dispensation. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Which dispensation we are stay in. So uh uh but like I said uh we are not uh going you know uh into into u some of those things but when we spoke on uh Messiah the prince like I said Daniel speaks about the prince of Pesia the prince of Greece but then he also he also reveal against us, we also have one that is fighting for us. Are we together? &gt;&gt; So he says Messiah the prince, that's another attribute. That's another title that God reveal himself as the one that defend his people. Praise the Lord. And it even run down to the New Testament that tied to the prince. Paul in the book of Ephesians we say the prince of the power of of the air. The spirit that walketh in the children of disobedience. The spirit that workketh in the children of disobedience have a prince. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. On the on the date of uh Pentecost, Peter says, "You have killed the prince of life." He called Jesus the prince of life. He's our prince. He's our defense. So God in the book of Daniel was revealing that just like how they are they are spirits that are waring. You remember Jesus there in the in in Gethsemane. He says I can call for legions of angels. He was not bragging. Amen. No, he could call for it because he was he was the the commanding host of the the heavenly body. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He said, "I could call for it, but I'm not going to put my will into this. Not my will, but let his will be done." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So, the book of Daniel also revealed that that just like how we we uh uh let let me show you something. Uh uh you see there over in uh uh over there in in uh in the book of Daniel it speaks about how uh uh uh uh Gabriel says, you know, wrestled against the prince of Pesha and then and and then Michael the archangel came and you know and and and and fought with me. Praise the Lord. These are not just uh scary movies. They are reality. Because Jude in the New Testament would tell us how uh uh uh uh that inj Moses. Praise the Lord. You know, God told Moses or Moses told the people he was going up on the mountain and he would not he would not come back. you know, he gave his farewell message and, you know, he told the people that he will be gone. This is, you look at the promised land. Praise the Lord. You know, God is so good. Very so good. Amen. He had to pick up the body of Moses by an angel because he knew Israel will have gone for his body and idolized his body. Praise the Lord. That's just men. Men idolize their hero. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; The word LeBron James just the word that this other person kept the word every men idolize their hero. &gt;&gt; I hope we could idolize our hero Jesus Christ like that. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Because he's not a dead hero. He's a living hero. &gt;&gt; So God had to pick up the body of Moses. I believe the people went down the mountain. the check. I believe that. I believe it because it's the thing that is common about men. You go down the road, you see the you see uh uh people pull crosses down the road because their loved one was killed at this place. They put it there for a memorial. Praise the Lord. We we have flaws and tsunami and then after h earthquake and all of those things after those things people will go back into the rubbage and they try to look for the the the uh the lifeless body of their loved one. That is the human thing to do. &gt;&gt; So if Moses went up that mountain and he told the people he were not coming back and after 30 days after a month they didn't see him. I'm very well sure that he sent men up there. let's go and find him so we can bury him. But they never found a body. They never found a body because angels took his body. And I believe that. I believe that in my heart because God never wanted his prophet to be idolized. Are we together? So Jude will reveal to us that uh the that the that that the angel Micah fought over the devil for the body of Moses. It's in the book of Jude. Praise the Lord. So you see the uh uh uh the the same the same angel that came fighting here for Dirh backing up Gabriel. We see him also on the other side. You know uh Jude is testifying that this is that is not the first time it have ever happened. This is an arch angel that is always sent on the defense of God's people. Praise the Lord. So no matter what we are going through, if we would just only start learning to be conscious when God says everything work together for them that's together work good together for for to them that love the Lord. He knows why he said it because he's not leaving the fight to you alone. He's in the fight. He's a man of war. &gt;&gt; He likes to fight &gt;&gt; because he knows when he fights, he wins. &gt;&gt; He's a man of war. &gt;&gt; He love to fight because he knows when he fights, he wins. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, may God just help us. May God help us. Amen. listening here the uh uh uh from from adoption uh message here adoption second message you just listening and see what he says here and remember the only way that Israel ever lost a man the only way that Israel ever lost a man or ever lost a battle the only way we will ever feel defeated or we will ever lost a battle is when sin got in the camp. Praise the Lord. That is the only way we could ever lost a victory is for sin to get in the camp. Something wrong somewhere when Aam stole the Welch and that Babylonian garment. Sin was sin was in the camp and the battle went wrong. Are we together? And the battle went wrong. Hallelujah. Now you see the thing here is that uh uh uh uh sin being in the camp. Let's look at it this way. Let's let's identify it this way or let's define it this way. It is the way word uh uh you know uh uh sin being in the camp is is unbelief the the the the ability of God's people h depending on him. Praise the Lord. Amen. Believing him for whatever they are dealing with. Counting that God is more than able. Praise the Lord. When we come short of that and we start to find our own way to our problem that's sin in the camp. Now you see when we read this the this uh this kind of a code what comes to people mind sin in the candy they start to think about lying stealing adultery and all of that those are the attribute of sin those are the attribute of sin but what what he's dealing with here is unbelief amen when people have not rise to the place where they can be able to trust God for what they are dealing with. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh uh uh uh uh Paul said it like this in Hebrew chapter 19. He said it in a way that uh uh uh uh counting God able. Amen. You are counting that God is able. Praise the Lord. And then when we get short of that, accounting that God was able to raise him up. Talking about God was able to raise Isaac up. He was not afraid. He was believing. He was counting that God was able. Praise the Lord. If he said I should kill him, he's able to raise him up again. Are we together? So if we are not counting, if we are not believing that God is able to deal with our situation, that's unbelief. Amen. That's unbelief. Then what happens now? It leads you to the attributes. It produce fear. It produce worry. It produce lying. It produce stealing. Amen. &gt;&gt; It produce adultery. Why? Because you are not counting that God is able. Are we together? So, uh that's the only time I mean that is the only time things will go wrong when we when we when we when we when we drop into a channel of fear. How am I going to get out of this? How is this going to happen? You give me this church tonight, this group of people perfectly in the promise of God with the Holy Ghost, walking in the spirit. I challenge any disease of affliction or any affliction or anything that there is any Joe Lewis there is in the country with all of his uh uh uh invitality and all the unbelief that there is to bring any sickness or affliction in the door. He says, "I challenge, give me a church, this church tonight, standing in the promise, standing right in the word." Amen. Standing on on the basis of God's word. I challenge anything. Are we together? But you see uh uh uh sometimes where some of our Okay. Praise the Lord. Let's drop down. Let's look at uh uh uh uh second coming. Let's let's just read something here in second coming. I have I have this thing uh wrongly placed here. So that's what I'm looking for it. It says look look here. We read this and and now you can have an intellectual faith by hearing the word and perceiving it in your mind. You are hearing the word, you are thinking about it and accepting it upon those basis which is an intellectual faith. Praise the Lord. Which mean all you do about the word you just reason. It's not a revelation. It does not strike you. Let me tell you the difference between intellectual faith and divine faith. Divine faith will affect your life. &gt;&gt; It will affect your life. It will affect your manner of living. &gt;&gt; It will bring your body in obedience to God's word. You cannot have divine faith believing God for something and living contrary to God's word. It does not work. That's an intellectual faith. You know how to quote the scripture. You know how to explain it, but it's not real down here because what you know cannot affect your life. What you know cannot empower you. Are we together? Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So it is just wishes, intellectual faith. But the faith that Jesus was speaking about in St. John 5:24, he that heareth my word and believe on him that sent me has everlasting life. That doesn't comes from intellectual faith. That comes from bornagain experience. It comes from the new birth. Praise the Lord. So this morning we we we want to talk on uh building in in in uh troubles time in troublesome time. Uh we have we have some time we will uh be able to take this in couple of services because there was some things I wanted to get get through but uh I couldn't. So uh uh this this this uh uh troubles time or means uh uh uh uh a time full of trouble, disturbance and tumor. And you think about it, you think about it. Think about it this way. Let me create this picture in your mind. The Bible says in the beginning, Genesis chapter 1, in the beginning God made the heaven and the earth. And right there at Genesis 2, then the Bible says the earth was with our form. So right right from the time where God will will build an Eden, Eden will be God's first palace. He had to build it in troublesome time because there was darkness all over. The land was filled with water. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Are we together? So all of these things were happening and in the midst of that God is going to bring an Eden. So what I'm trying to say here is that if you look through the scripture is a biblical principle. God has always built some of the beautiful things in the time of trouble. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'll give you example. Solomon built his temple in a time where there was no war, no fighting, nothing. But yet he could not keep the glory of that temple. He turned it over to to idols because the women he married ruined his heart. He worshiped every god under the sun. Like I said before, he was trying to protect the thing that was given freely to him. what God gave him freely. He did not fight for it trying to protect it. He married women from every nation under heaven. But some of the beautiful things some of the beautiful things that God has built wonderful lives. Even look at Ezra. It's a desert land. They have one of uh one of the the the the best irrigation system that give them water all through the year because the Bible says the mountain will bloom with rose and God has to give it to them. But but I I mean the nation was built in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. Men that came up with with with with inspiration and and and you know that that that rose to place of influence, they were built in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. Sometimes some families are built in troublesome time. go through wreck in their in their life, loss of children and uh uh I mean uh uh fusses and and and what have you think about it but yet if they can if they can throw themselves as materials in God's hands he can build them back. Praise the Lord. I'm just I'm just wetting your appetite. I have a list of them that we'll go through as we go through this subject. But there is that it's just it's just something something of God. See the time that the the the the ark was built. The Bible says when man imagination was evil when their imagination was evil when the spirit of God will no longer strive with men. when man has become so disobedient and and and and and and uh and and they were just living and how contrary to God's word yet in that time that was a troublesome time. God will take a farmer &gt;&gt; a man that have no skill of building and he will build an ark that withstands God's judgment. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Oh my my my my man. I love the Lord. It's a paradox. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's a paradox. You will never see that right now. H Russia and Ukraine are in war. You will never see men building when when Mises are flying. But that's the time that God's built when there is trouble. Praise the Lord. When Mesus are flying and everything, the Bible says Neimas and his men they had one break in their hands and they had a swore in another hand to build the wall of the temple &gt;&gt; because God build in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. Some of our problem is that we have never understand God's principle. We never understand. We never even understand what he's doing with our lives. We just think that we are the driver of our life. We can make our own decision. We can choose to do whatever we want to. Praise the Lord. My question for you is that if you give me the date when you will leave this word, I will believe you. &gt;&gt; If you think you can do whatever you can do, tell me when are you leaving? because you never choose the day that you came to this earth. &gt;&gt; So the power of your life is now in your hands. If you can tell me, you can tell me your birthday because they told you it. But if you can tell me your death date, then I would believe that you have the control of your life. Praise the Lord. Oh, what a wonderful Jesus we serve. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Oh, I pray that that uh the Lord will speak to you and uh and make you to to see some of these things. You know, we were talking few uh services ago. We talked about Jesus promise, I will build the I will build my church. First I mean, you'll see why I was playing that song in the car, the tri the church triumphing because that's where I was gearing to. Jesus said, "I will build my church uh uh uh but and the gates of hell would not prevail against it." But you see that uh uh uh but the building the building of this church has never has never come so easy. See what the church went through. The forerunner the forerunner head landed on a plate. John the Baptist that forerunned the building of the church. The man that said the kingdom of God is at hand. His hair landed on a plate. Praise the Lord. I believe in a natural mind Jesus is saying uh I will build my church in the gates of hell when I prevail against said him one of the disciples who has stand and says Lord you see the gifts of hell. Yet John the Baptist has killed the very man that introduced you. His head is in a plate and you say the gates of hell will not prevail against it. What are you talking about? Can you stand these people? Don't you know we are on a the Roman power and we have a sahhindrance council that has that has compromised their right to Rome. What do you mean by the gates of hell? But Jesus was not shaken. He was not mistaken when he said, "I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it." He never said it would not come against it, but he said it will not prevail against it. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And I believe that a piece of break of that church is in this building this morning. &gt;&gt; That's what I believe. That's what I believe. No matter what we go through, Amen. We have gone from three person in church to 10 person in church to 20 person in church. We came close to 100 person in church. No matter what we go through, are we together? Amen. &gt;&gt; The building of this church has always been the building of God's people has always been in troublesome time. God will promise Abraham that your seed will sow John to this land. I will give them this land. Praise the Lord. Why couldn't he just settle Jacob and his family in the land? They were already in the land of Canaa. He had to drive them to Egypt to bring them back. Why? He could have just settled them right there, blessed them, blessed the land because they are sheep herders. He had to take them into Egypt. They had to experience troublesome time under the whip of Egyptians. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Just so he can bring his tabernacle among them. It will have just been easy from Abraham to Isaac, from Isaac to Jacob, Jacob and his uh his 12 son. And it's still right there. I mean, it will just be so easy. They will not have to deal with all of the complex because of the suffering that they went through. But God don't build the way that man's built. Praise the Lord. He don't build in the way that man's built. He don't build the time that man's built. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let me tell you now, all of you young people that are so fancy in your mind, I mean, you're having you're having a a a fancy homecoming for your family, you know, uh uh you know, and uh you just have it so rosy in your mind. Oh, when I get married, this is the way it will be, then this is the way it will be. That's your plan. That's your blueprint. Please ask God for his &gt;&gt; because God do not build the way that men's built. &gt;&gt; Ask God for his blueprint. Praise the Lord. You can choose the the fancy rosy color and the fancy thing, you know, and it's just it's just a dynamic family in your mind. Oh my god, we just would just be happy. I mean, we not deal with all of these stuff that people are dealing. I don't know how how come people can't just get together. Ah. Oh my goodness me. I love you Lord for your mercy never failed me. Oh my. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Let's preach some. Amen. The church has never been built in easy time. The church has gone from being misunderstood. It has gone from being persecuted. Let's just read a little bit of why Paul says here in 2 Corinthians chapter 4. This is one of the guy that understand this thing. Amen. The very man that was persecuting the church came to understand when he saw the blueprint at the back side of the desert. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. That's the thing that is killing the church. Intellectual faith, intellectual believers. They are very quick to say the Bible says, the the prophet says, and they don't have nothing inside to back it up. They don't have nothing inside to submit them to that very thing that they are quoting. Oh, glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Somebody prayed for me. They had me on their mind. They took a time and prayed for me. I'm so glad you did. I'm so glad you did. I'm so glad you prayed for me. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. Let's read Paul who says here that uh uh reading from verse 8. He says, "We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed not despised. Persecuted but not forsaken. We are cast down but not distraught. always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. Praise the Lord. Amen. He take us through all of this that the life of the Lord Jesus might be ma made manifest in our body. Verse 11, for we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus sake. Praise the Lord. We will always find something we have to die to. As long as we live for God, there will always be something you will have to die to for Jesus sake. That the life that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in your mortal flesh. Praise the Lord. So then death walketh in us but life in you. And how does this happen? Verse seven, we drop back to verse seven. This is what he says here. But we have this treasure in e vessel. All of these things that we going through, there is a treasure that is in vessel that God is protecting. Praise the Lord. There is a treasure that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of ourself. This is just a vessel that has a treasure in it. Praise the Lord. No matter what happened to this vessel, it do not touch the treasure. Remember what God told Job? Do with him whatever you want to do, but don't touch the treasure. Don't touch the treasure. You can beat the the the vessel, you know, put bombs on it, everything, but don't touch the treasure because it was an empty vessel that had heavenly treasure in it. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So you see that all truth. You ever say God will come down and and bring these people in the wilderness and tell them I want to bring my tabernacle. I want to build my tabernacle that you all will be a family of priests. It could have been easy for him to do that with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He did not have to bring them through. But God love to build in troublesome time. He love to build it. You know why he love to build it? Because when all the troubles are happening, the enemy don't see what he's doing. Praise the Lord. When all the troubles are happening and fighting and everything, the enemy don't see it. When God is planting the cornerstones and he laying solid foundation and he putting beams in the building, &gt;&gt; the enemy don't see that. All he see, oh yeah, they are having trouble. Oh yeah, yeah, they are having trouble. But that's when God fortify his building. That when he fortify his people, &gt;&gt; when he take them through, &gt;&gt; troublesome time. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's when he fortify his building. Praise the Lord. He allow it to shake back and forth to see whether the material can stand the test of time. Praise the Lord. Sit down there be crying. God is building his house. He's building his people. You sit down there be crying. Amen. Just be weeping. You are some kind of a cry baby. Praise the Lord. Oh, I love the Lord this morning. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. What a wonderful time. What a wonderful Jesus. What a wonderful Jesus. See what he says here. So we will see Jesus. Then then we are watched by the water of the word. Amen. Become a new creature in Christ Jesus. And the the and the signs that Jesus said follow him will follow them. Every man, every woman will come to her place and every man will come to his place and the spirit of God will come to his place and the church of the living God will be spotless. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because now you see people look at the oh I mean the rapture can't take see what is happening in that church see what is happening in that church see what is happen it's troublesome time but that's the time where God likes to build &gt;&gt; praise the Lord while all of these things are happening God is bringing sons to their place daughters to their place wife to their place praise the Lord husband to their face. &gt;&gt; All you can see is the trouble. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. All we can, oh yeah, see what that thing happen. Oh, see what is happening in that church and see what Praise the Lord. What are you doing about it and the spirit of God will come to its place and the church of the living God will be spotless. God will do it. &gt;&gt; When he says, "I will build my church." &gt;&gt; He says, "It will be spotless." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "I will build my church. The gates of hell will not prevail against it." &gt;&gt; And he says, "It will be spotless." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Call it what? You may talk about it. How? How? You may. But he said, "I will build my church." And he says, "I will give myself a spotless without no wrinkle, no crack." Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How can a church be built in troublesome time? How can a building be built in troublesome time and there is no crack? Praise the Lord. Because every fallen word is refined and put back into the building. Everything you go through as an experience, as a failure in your life, God refined them and he put it back in your life. &gt;&gt; That's the reason why as long as you live, you will never forget about it. &gt;&gt; It depends on what you do with it. &gt;&gt; Oh, I feel good. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Building in troublesome time. I've already put all my cars on the table. You know where I'm going now. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Everything that God built. Everything he built. When God build a man, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. When he built a man, he took the dust of the earth. Praise the Lord. That was on the sixth day of creation after he start separating the water from the land and and and and and creating trees and and and and trying to put some order. Praise the Lord. He built Adam and Eve. It comes to a to a garden. It comes to consciousness. But Bam say his toes were sticking in the earth like roots, like plain roots. And he, you know, he he he kicks that off. He comes to consciousness. Oh my God. Oh my God. That's beautiful. That's beautiful. Praise the Lord. Eve come also. She's surprised. And Adam, so why? She's flesh of my flesh, bones of my bone. It looks like perfection. But that's just one side of the story. Praise the Lord. You have to get into the building. And there is no way for you to be a builder and don't be missed with dirt. Praise the Lord. Even if you are just a supervisor that wear glasses and cap on your head, the all the dust that is blowing is going to dead your glasses. Praise the Lord. So to to be part of the building, they had to get into the dead. Praise the Lord. Uh h Genesis 3, sin hit the came and back into earth to win. They are ashamed. They are crying. They are confused and their trouble starts. It starts to feel aching pains. Praise the Lord. It starts to be disappointed. It starts to run away from the very animal that they have commanded. &gt;&gt; Fear starts to set in a year. The year that a king has killed Abel. What is happening? It looks like chaos. It looks like confusion. But God was laying a foundation stone. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. If people will just learn to pause and say, "Lord, what's going on?" When things don't seem right, when it's not making sense, if we would just stop running our mouth, because it's what you say that the devil brings back to your mind. Everything you think about is what is coming out of your mouth. Praise the Lord. He just he's just following your your your the path of your conversation. He said, I I don't know why. He said, okay, I will tell you why nobody love you. There is no need of you even serving God. I will tell you why. You don't know why. You don't know why you're going through what you I will tell you. Praise the Lord. Oh my, what an awesome God we serve. Amen. What a wonderful God. I gave her a vision to Daniel. Let's just read something here. Daniel, no doubt. But what he he told him that the 70 weeks, I mean the 70 years was about finished. 68 just like two years and we and we find out that Jeremiah prophecy hit just exactly right. Two years later they went out. Nehemiah's went and got an and got an ed sorry and build the walls in troublesome time. They they work. Praise the Lord. Amen. 70 weeks yet he followed the same thought. He says, "And and and and many of us remember when it was built, talking about the the walls, the the walls of Jerusalem, they had the mortar blocks in one hand and a swore in the other to wash the enemy. It will be built in troublesome time." That's what the prophecy said. from the restoration of Jerusalem. From the restoration and the building of Jerusalem, the streets, the streets, the wall, the gates, everything will be built in troublesome time. And I believe that's the same thing that God is doing to his people. Every part of your life from justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost will not be a theory. It will be an experience. &gt;&gt; You will experience the fire of God in your heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. The fire of God that would take the desire of sin away. Praise the Lord. You won't make excuses when God can can can be able to deliver. If God if God can be able to raise the dead, what's about taking unclean habits from our lives, &gt;&gt; it's because we don't we we we we have not gone far for the Holy Ghost yet. It's not an idea, people. It's a reality. &gt;&gt; And that's what we need for this hour &gt;&gt; because wickedness will just increase and increase and increase. That's what we need for this hour. a truth experience with God. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Every part from the from the restoration to the building, every part will be built in troublesome time. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You think that that that is just that is just Solomon temple that we are living in the same time here you're fighting all of these things that you know people posting red half for red half or you know uh uh Israel was going to make their sacrifice they saw the black head in the red half so you know they just did a testing and all of those things you know uh uh uh uh they are getting back to sacrifice they need a temple and all of these things and and you see what is happening in the Middle East It's going to be right in the time of trouble. You check Israel history, that's how it has been. You check the the the the the the sequence of scripture, that's the way that God has dealt with his people. That's why he says when they say peace, peace, suddenly comes destruction. Suddenly comes destruction. Because just like how the eagle stirred up his nets, that's the way that God deal with his people. This word is not our home, you know, he just give us grace and give a home, give us family, for us to support one another, you know, and to make our joining h easier. It's not to settle down and and and and build castles for ourselves. is to be able to take ourel from one stage to another stage in our walk for you to have somebody that this that say I has your back. I'm praying for you. God bless you. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why in the least moment when the people are not expecting it, that eagle mother comes right there. She get rid of the net cuz she don't want spo. She want babies that can make wings, make use of of their wings, make use of their claw to go and hunt and they're big to eat. So she just get rid of the net. When they fly back, they don't see. They just be going, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." They'll find their way. But God bill in troublesome time. Praise the Lord. Building in troublesome time. Oh, I thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. You know, you you put your heart before the Lord. You just you just cried. You say, "Lord, what's going on? What's going on?" You know, I've uh you know, my my birth was in uh a little bit out of season. You know, when I when we came to the Lord, we came right in the time of uh you know, some action, some some revival, something that was stirring our heart. You know, just don't just don't feel satisfied. You see people coming to church on Sunday. There is more to that. Amen. &gt;&gt; There is more that we can do for God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. The message is not only to be preached. We must carry a home. It must go home with us as it must go to our hearts. Let's carry it home. Let's live it home. Let's see the other in our lives, in our family. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Listen to this. You love the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wanted to be praised. Hallelujah. Amen. You know when you cheer for the world like this, then I feel like you are not afraid. I'm not scaring you. Now look, see remembering the Lord. Let's let's look at this. Look at this. This is this is very beautiful. Look at this. Think about it. Gifts. Gifts of God and things are not are not something that that just that just play with that we just play with. The gift of God are gracious and they are wearing they are worrisome. Praise the Lord. Tell me that is worrisome. I have to say is I'm just I just feel like some kind of a useless creature. I don't know what to do with my life. I just you know I'm just all me that's up in my mind but uh the gift of God they are worrisome listen to this now in the presence of God is now shouting the presence of God that's just the blessing he pours upon the people when we are rejoicing in the word when we are rejoicing in the word or the Lord do something for you and and you know you are happy and you are testifying it's it's just the blessings of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's just the blessings are just like the Bible says it's just a due drop &gt;&gt; that has fall upon you. Glory be to God. But let's follow this now. See, but the presence of God is a troublesome thing. Now let me ask you, will you want the blessings or his presence? Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, you know your answer in your heart. Even if you don't say it. Amen. You know your answer in your heart. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. But I I I think I think we will want his presence. Amen. We will want his presence, but his presence is a troublesome thing. His presence is not just rubbing you in a rough spot for you to go to sleep. His presence is terrifying. his presence. Every time his presence comes closer, demons are all scattering over the places and throwing things everywhere and it looks like what is happening to my life? But you say you want his presence. When his presence was coming to the disciples on the ship, they thought that it was a ghost. Amen. &gt;&gt; They were right. Peter, have you seen this before? I never saw the scripture that it was his presence because you can have his blessings and you can spend it and you will need it again. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You can have his blessing and you can spend it and you will need it again. The Lord can bless you in your home, bless you in your finance, bless you at work, and uh you know and and you can spend it. You can run out of it. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. His presence is troublesome. It's terrifying. Glory be to God. That's the reason why you get down in his presence and you stay there and you start praying and you getting lost in praying. It looks like creatures are moving on your back. When you start getting lost and his presence is coming near to you, you feel like somebody in the room you want to yell because his present is terrifying. Glory be to God. But he promised us his presence. He says, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you." He promised us his presence. But we have become a man running from the presence of the Lord. That's why we have become we are just picking up the little blessings from the ground. Oh yeah, the Lord gave me the new suit and we are running from his presence when really what he want to give us is his presence. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, may God. May God help us people. May God help us. Because if God don't help us, we can stay around this thing all of our life and never come to the reality of what we have been with. We can stay around this thing. Those disciples stay with Jesus and he taught them. Matthew chapter 12, St. John chapter 12, 13, 144, 15, he's telling them about the comforter. He's telling them, "I must go away." It never became real to them. Even when they saw him being nailed on the cross, they say if that man can raise up a dead body, he can vanish from on that cross, it never stay become became real to them. We are taking this thing for granted people. We are taking it for granted. Yes, we are taking it for granted. It had just become court and and we just counting our years that we have stayed. Those people stayed 40 years. They ate mana. They saw the pillow of fire at night. But every one of them died in the wilderness because it became so common to them. It became so common to them. But the presence of God is a troublesome thing. It's a troublesome thing. That's the reason why you will see every time you try to to to to to make some form of commitment, some some form of devotion in your life, it it looks like that's the time you get so busy and things just keep flying, you know, and then you get the cell phone there also to fill with all bunch of junk that is happening on Facebook and Tik Tok and all of that thing and you cannot even concentrate just at a time where you're thinking Lord I you know I I want to pray and and and all of that. That's when some kind of a stupid message cometh. Then it it just bust up your laptop. That's the devil's greatest weapon. Distraction. &gt;&gt; That's all he has to do. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. He can't take the love of God from your heart, but he can distract you. &gt;&gt; He can distract you. Praise the Lord. that you are never able to show true affection to this God you love. &gt;&gt; This thing is becoming so common to us and we are just slowly just falling into that intellectual realm. All our experience is just numbers we can count on our hands. have been in the message 5 years, 10 years and this that that's all we can we can we can count when there is more of God &gt;&gt; to know more of God to experience more of God to feel in our hearts to change our life. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? Are we together? Try to wrap this because I have put the bait in the water. You have bite it. I don't know. We might we might take this for for some time. We might take it for some time. unveiling of God. He says, "And in this troublesome hour that we are living nation against nation, pestilence, earthquakes in many places men have failing for fear." We see the handwriting on the wall and and and and uh he says now that is in the natural realm everything that we see happening. Amen. everything we see happen. That's that's the reason why I believe it was just a beautiful service Wednesday night. Brother Jab spoke uh uh American politics in a way that uh you could feel uncomfortable because you might think that he's supporting Trump. No, he's only he's only waking our attention. To this country, rising up as a dragon. &gt;&gt; That's all he was doing. He's not preaching politics. That's not what I call preaching politics but because I don't preach politics on the pit and I will frown against it if I think it was politics he was preaching but it's a place where a man is he he's awaken the people and say see what is happening look at this thing right in the scripture &gt;&gt; are we together &gt;&gt; now so uh uh Uh but but all of those things are in the natural realm. We see all of these things that is happening around. Is it raising your faith? That's my question I will ask to you. Is it raising your faith? Is he giving you faith to to approach God and seek God or are you nursing on fear? Are you sucking a fear bottle? Is that all it's giving you? When Jesus says live for your hair, your redemption draw night. And if the redemption draw night, there is a redemp a redeemer that brings the redemption. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because definitely with with everything that is happening around us and the the the the economic condition of the world and the political condition, it's easy. It's it's it's a natural thing. It's a very natural thing for your mind to feed on fear. But that's not where God want you to be. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just in the midst of confusion and chaos, he's building faith in his people. Faith that will make you to rise above the condition. &gt;&gt; That is in the natural mind. That's all the word should see. But now there is a spiritual realm. If all these things are taking place in the natural realm, when the scripture says when the enemy come as a flawed, &gt;&gt; the spirit of God will raise up a standard. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Are you so scared of the floor that you don't even know that there is a spirit that is lifting you up? &gt;&gt; That you are drowning yourself. He's lifting you up, trying to carry you up. You turn yourself around, put your foot in his hand, and still sticking your head under the water. And you say you believe in God. Your faith is an intellectual faith. It's an intellectual faith. Because let an intellectual faith be challenged. Fear, it starts to rebel. When a divine faith is challenged, it stands on the word. It says, "I know my redeemer live in it." &gt;&gt; It says, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in a word." That's what a divine faith says. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Say, "Lord, though you slay me, &gt;&gt; I will save you." That's what a divine faith will say. Living in a generation we back up so easily, quick to find way of escape. We're looking for holes. When will we stand? When will we stand and face our issue? Face our life. Say, Lord, if this came to me, it did not bypass you. &gt;&gt; If this came to me, it did not bypass you. &gt;&gt; You knew all about it. Oh my God. God is building this bride in troublesome time. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. We get to the next series. I I I'll show you some things that they really blew my mind when I saw them, but we will get there. I shouldn't I shouldn't go ahead of myself because it's another series of notes. So, I I I will start, you know, uh he's building the bride in troublesome time. If you think nothing is happening, it's because nothing is happening in your life. All the people that is saying nothing is happening, we can't see nothing is because nothing is happening in their life. &gt;&gt; The people that are experiencing God knows that something is happening. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Bless you. Musicians, you can come. Let me not let me not because I'm I'm I'm uh I'm at a place where I could just I could just flip and change gear and go into something here. For musicians, you can come and uh uh you know yeah it's it's it's it's I mean it's it's it's such a it's such a such a time such a time people such a time we are not able to stay there alone and uh you over people that are that that that experiencing breakthrough. I mean really breakthrough really breakthrough. We are not able to stay and wait. When Job says I will wait till my change come &gt;&gt; we are not able to wait. We have time for everything but no time for God. No time to wait on the Lord and to be able to understand what is he doing? What is happening? That's what I wanted to to have this Friday night service. I'm not about how many people come, those that can be able to make it. I know some of you would love to make it, you know. are but uh [Music] we can't just be on the fence and say we you know we we we believe the me oh we are in a message we are in a message why you call the message after all what is this thing called the message what is this thing called the message without the life of Jesus Christ, you have just put yourself in a cult. If you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you have just joined a cult. [Music] If you are not experiencing God in your life, if God is not giving you a breakthrough and deliverance, [Music] just worship him a little bit [Music] before. [Music] Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before you so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you more. Let's sing that one more time. Oh Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before. Let's stand on our feet now. You're so easy to endure. Lord, I want to love you more. I want to serve you now. Lord, I want to serve you more [Music] than I ever have before. Serving you is such a joy, Lord. I want to serve you more. [Music] Oh Lord, I want to serve you more. Yes, Lord. Yes, I ever have before. It's such a joy. Lord, I want to serve you more. I want to praise you, Lord. Lord, I want to praise you more than I ever have before. You so wanted to be praised. Lord, I want to praise you more. Let's sing that one more time. Oh Lord, I want to praise you more than I ever have before. Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. You so what you told me praise. Lord, I want to praise you more. [Music] Yes, I want to love you more than I ever have before. Yes, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes. I want to love you. I want to love you, Lord. I want to love you. [Music] Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. [Music] Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes. Whatever it takes to be more like you. Let's try that chorus. [Music] [Music] [Music] for whatever it takes to draw closer to you, Lord. And that's what I'll be willing to do and whatever it takes to be more like you. I said that's what I will be willing to do. Let's sing that one more time for whatever Lord it takes to draw closer to you Lord. Oh, that's what I will be willing to do. And whatever it takes to be more like you. And that's what I will be willing to do. I will take I trace I will trace sunshine for rain. I trace sunshine for rain. comfort for peace, Lord. And that's what I will be willing to do. Oh, for whatever it takes for my will to break. That's what I will be willing to do. I'll trace sunshine for rain. I would raise sunshine for rain. Oh my comfort for pain. Lord, that's what I'll be willing to do. Oh, for whatever it takes for my will to pray. That's what I will be willing to do. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Let it be Lord. Let it be, Father. Because I know you build in troublesome time. Oh God, I I may not understand it. I can't explain it. But one thing for sure, I know God, you are in control. You are in control. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. Let's sing this chorus also. I promise the Lord that I won't fail him. I love you too much to fill you now. It's not just about singing. You have to tell him. You have to make it worship. The word has been preached. The rest is left with you. I love you too much to fe you now. too much to break my vow. Yes, I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. Oh, I love you too much. Too f you now. I love you too much to feel feel you now too much to break my b I promise is the Lord that I will make him somehow. Oh, I love him too much. You feel Oh, let's just sing it to him one more time. I love you, too. I love you too much. to feel you down. I love you too much to bring my vow. I promise. I promise the Lord I will make it somehow. Oh yes. I love you too much to f you now. Where would I be? [Music] You all know so glad you see. Yes, Lord, you saw me through the eyes of Lord. What a hopeless case. Thank you, Lord. You've been so good to me, Father. What an empty space. Now for grace. Where would I be? [Music] You only know. Oh, glide you see. You saw me through the eyes of God. Oh yes, Lord. What a hopeless kiss. Yes. Oh, Father. Yes, Jesus. What an empty place. If now for grace, amazing grace. Let's just sing that now. Oh, amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh God, I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case. A hopeless case. Oh, whatever time is not for grace. &gt;&gt; Let's sing that one more time. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. &gt;&gt; Let's sing it to the Lord. Sing it like you mean it. &gt;&gt; How sweet that sound. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Oh &gt;&gt; I was lost. [Music] &gt;&gt; But now I'm &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. Yes, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. You took my case, oh father. An empty space. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Jesus is not for grace. [Music] Amazing grace. Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Father. How sweet the sound. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. &gt;&gt; I on was lost. &gt;&gt; But now I'm fine. What a hopeless case. What an empty space. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; If not for grace, &gt;&gt; dear Lord Jesus, take from our hearts this afternoon, Lord. Oh God. Oh God, Father, you pick us from out of the the rubbish. Lord, you took us, oh Lord. Father God, some from under the Oh God, a horrible state, Lord, a midst of confusion, oh God, a dark past, oh God, Father, but Lord God, you are the one that built in troublesome time. Thank you, Lord. You are the one that build in troublesome time, Lord. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; You are the one Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That build in troublesome time. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bless your name Lord. &gt;&gt; People going through trouble in their health Lord. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Trouble Father God in their home Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You are the master builder Lord God. &gt;&gt; You are the chief architect Lord. And you don't do it, Father God. Lord, you do it in troublesome time. You do it, Lord God, when it seems like nothing is happening, Lord. Father, &gt;&gt; yes. Bless your name, Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God, we are placing Lord God this assembly, these people in your hands. Oh father. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. Oh God, precious Lord coming father God 30 years Lord Jesus you have Father God the banner Lord of Jesus Christ over this place oh Lord &gt;&gt; we have had our share of troubles Lord God father Lord we've been despised oh God name calls oh father God Lord Jesus misunderstood Lord Jesus Christ oh precious Lord Father some of the things oh God that can even hurt the heart of God father and discourage a man Lord God father has been thrown our way but you have picked us up at every given time. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh God. &gt;&gt; Glory to your name Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh God. You build in troubles sometime. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; What a wonderful God. Bless your name Lord. Thank you Jesus. Even when it seems like it's hopeless, oh God, you are still moving stones, oh God. Father, you still making a right, oh God, Lord, you are still healing, oh Father. Oh God, I pray Lord as I place your people in your hands, Lord. Oh God, Father, Lord, [Music] let it be Jesus. You know what going through in their lives, Lord, Father, but you are the builder even of our lives, oh God. You are the builder of our homes, oh Lord Jesus. Precious Lord, you say, "I go and prepare the place, Father God. Even if they don't have a home of their own, let them realize that you say, I go to prepare the place." No matter what they're going through, may they Lord God count you able, Father, Lord God, that you able to give them, Lord, a home of their own. to God. Father, Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord, a children of their own. Oh, Father God, if we can just learn to count you able, Father, Lord, learn to count that God, you are more than able, Father, Lord God, you have done so much, Lord, that even if you don't do one more thing, Lord God, we owe our life to you. We owe our life to you, Father. Lord, bring us bring us to truth commitment, Lord. Bring us to devotion, oh God. Father, bring us to consecrated lives. So, Father God, let's get away, oh Father God, from all the the the foolishness, Lord God. Father, Lord, all the nastiness in our lives. So, Father God, the nasty things we are feeling in our mind with, Lord God, get us away from those things, oh Father God. Lord Jesus, what a time, what an hour, God, Father, Lord Jesus, we are living in. Oh God, what a time, oh Father God, Lord, where men and women, oh God, Father, will be seeking the baptis of the Holy Ghost. We'll be asking, Lord, Father, for the refilling of the Holy Ghost or asking for the cleansing of their life, oh God, because you're not going to put that Holy Ghost in no dirty vessel, Father God, you got to clean and brush us up, oh God. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we can count you able, Father, because you are more than able, Lord God. Oh father, bring us, Lord God, to genuine faith. True faith that will be submissive to your word. True faith that will say amen to every word. Oh father God, not intellectual faith where we argue ourself. Oh God, complicate ourself out of everything. Oh father god, Lord Jesus, when you keep throwing mercy our way, Lord, keep throwing your mercy in our way, Father God. throwing the lifeline and calling out for us to hold it and come Lord Father God. Oh God, oh Jesus, oh precious Lord. Yes, oh Father God in my life. Yes Lord be glorified [Music] to them in my [Music] in my life. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. In my home, in my home. Oh Jesus. Be glorified. Be glorified by in my home. Lord Jesus be glorified to him in this church. Lord he church. Lord be glorified. Be glorified in this church. Oh Jesus, we glorify you today. &gt;&gt; Heavenly Father, glorify yourself, Lord. Glorify yourself, Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; And oh Father God, may the may your people see your glory, Lord. &gt;&gt; May they see your glory, Father God. Let them see that glory to God. Father, Lord. Oh God, we know that Father God, Lord, it's not. Oh God, Father, a glory of public city, Lord, it's a glorif Lord God. What that your glory of what you are doing in their life, making yourself real, oh God. Oh father, dealing with them, oh God. Father, changing their lives, oh Father God. Oh God, they seeing the communion. They seeing the devotion, Lord. They seeing the consecration, Lord God. The seriousness, oh Father, Lord. Oh, let that glory be upon your people, Father God. Let that glory go with us in our homes. Oh, Father God, let that glory come upon our family, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, Lord, in the midst of, oh God, out of our depths, our bel God, Lord, we know you are building a home, oh God, Father, where we can gather together, Lord, get down on our knees, Lord. Take our problem to God in prayer, Lord. Get off our knees and believe that God is in control. Oh father God because you build in troublesome time. Oh God father you build in the midst of rubbish. Oh God father Lord. Oh almighty God I pray in the name of Jesus Christ as I commit this church in your hands. Oh father Lord God I don't know Lord God what tomorrow will bring. Oh Lord father but Lord enough word has been preached here Lord. Enough seed has been planted yet oh God to take this group into the rapture. Oh father God to bring some sanity oh God to your people Lord quickening power to your people oh father Lord to bring some awakening Lord God. Oh precious Lord that we will not just play church oh God. Oh father God Lord Jesus we love you. We thank you father God we thank you Lord as we dedicate ourself oh God. Oh precious Lord in your hands Lord go with us Lord Jesus go with us oh father go with us Lord Jesus bless your children bless the week Lord God bless their jobs so father Lord bless the prayer meeting on Wednesday night oh God father then the Friday night service we just committed in your hands we love you thank you father we praise your name Lord we thank you Jesus Jesus, we thank you precious Lord. [Music] Thank you Lord. Thank you Father. Thank you Lord. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] [Music] Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. [Music] will enter in [Music] light. It is the fight that God in Christ I just played. Um I'm I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Let's sing that. Uh I'll see you on Wednesday night. I promise the Lord. [Music] Yep. Oh, I am on the battlefield by Lord. Oh yes, I am on the battlefield. for my own and I promising God I will serve it till I die. Oh I am for my love. Oh yes I am battle for my love. Oh I am battle for my love. head and I'm promising. I'm going to stand till I die. I'm on the battlefield. Oh, for my Lord. Oh yes, I am on the battlefield for my Yes. I'm on the battlefield for my love. I'm promising that I will shout it out. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes. Oh Lord, I'm on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh, I am on the battlefield for my Lord. Oh yes, Lord. And I promise that I will die. I'm on the battlefield. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, I'm on the battlefield. Oh, I am on the battlefield for my Lord. And I've promising that I will serve. Yes, I'm on the battlefield for my love. I'm on battlefield for my love. I'm born out of fear for my love. I promise till I die. I'm going to save it till I die. Come on. I love me for my love. My glad day when I was born again. My glad day when I was born again. A glad day when I was born again. It is a glad day when I was born again. A glad
