################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - June 1, 2025 Sunday Service Bro Ariel Ngongo - Called By Name - Ariel Ngongo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    June 1, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Ariel Ngongo - Called By Name
Speaker:  Ariel Ngongo
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LAK2xLTvUw8
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord, saints. Sorry for holding you hostage this morning. Oh man. reach out and touch the Lord. Let's sing. [Music] Yes, you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is passing by this woman. Your knees to fly. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes. Yes. Reach out and touch the Lord as he pass his you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is singing by his fate all your needs he will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he Let's sing that one more time. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by and you will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is power. Sing by this moment on your knees. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Let's bow our hands together now. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we just want to thank you, Lord God, for this opportunity that we have. And oh God, uh we're sorry to keep your children waiting, Lord, Father G. And and precious Lord, we just want to thank you for strength that you give us this morning. And uh bringing us in late last night, oh God, Father, a little bit spending my body, but I pray that God you would just bless us this morning, Father. Lord and and bless the service now even now uh bless brother Erica too Lord God as you will uh bring the word for us this morning we love you because you first love us father God we're glad to be out there Lord Father to help brother Ben and his family uh on the passing of his son and oh God we just thank you for all the saints that came out Lord Jesus and how your grace was able to just give us a wonderful time us today. Father, we pray now, Lord God, that you, oh, Father, would just uh remember us this morning, Lord God. You see the needs in our midst, Lord. Father God, and Sam and his wife calling, Lord, their little baby was sick through the night. Oh God, Father, we want to pray for her a little miracle that Lord God, Father, you will touch, Lord God, and and heal her too. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Father. Blessed be your holy name this morning. We love you. We thank you all the unspoken prayer needs in our midst Lord. Father, we just want to pray that Lord you undertake and meet us Lord at the very point of our need. We thank you father. Now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You can stand to your faith. Let's uh let's uh sing a song or two here and then we would change the order of the service. I was out on the weekend uh for uh a brother's son uh funeral, a good friend of mine and uh got in terribly late uh yesterday and I was just so spend on the during the week. So I'm a little bit out of my body this morning. Amen. I'm out of my body, but uh it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. So, just pray for me and uh I'm sure that uh the Lord will give us a wonderful time. Amen. I found a friend in Jesus. Let's sing that song this morning. Jesus, he's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lady of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me falling. [Music] In sorrow, in trouble is my Yeah. He tells me. [Applause] Oh, hallelujah. He's the lady of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the 1000. Peace [Music] and all my sorrow bound in temp. [Applause] [Music] I have for him and all my eyes have turned from my heart. [Music] Oh yes. Oh, all of her forsake me and sent untes our savior reach my go. He's the lady of the valley that bright upon his side. He's the car of 2002. He would never never leave me. Never never leave me. No forsake me. Yeah. Why I live by faith and do his best. Yes. I want to fight about me. have nothing down to fear. With his mighty my hungry soul shall fill sweeping up to glory and seeping out to glory. We see his blessed face where rivers of light shine. He's the lady of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the parent of 10. Blessing. He would never never leave me. He will never never leave me, nor yet forsake. While I live by faith, I live by faith into his blessed word. Oh yeah. The one of my above me I have nothing to fear with this in my holy soul shall feel sweet of glory will see his blessed face where rivers of the light shall ever roll. He's the lady of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fierce of 10,000 to my soul. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He's the 10,000 to my soul. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Jesus. Uh maybe we will ask uh uh brother Max to take up the offering. He's uh standing in there for the deacon. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you can feed my body this morning, you know exactly where I am. Praise the Lord. I hear my voice. I said, "Who singing there?" Amen. Praise the Lord, man. The Lord is good. Amen. He's so good. He's so good. I had this song on my mind now. Uh I don't want to do something this morning. Yeah. And I feel like traveling on. Let's sing the air. My heavenly home so bright and fair. [Music] My heavenly home so bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. Nothing long yet can enter there. I feel like traveling home. Oh yes, I feel like traveling home. I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home. So bright and fair. I feel like traveling. The chorus again. Oh, I feel like traveling. Oh. Oh yes. I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home so bright and fair. I feel like traveling. Let's do the next verse. Is glittering tower. The sun shines. I feel like traveling. Oh, the heavenly passion shall be mine. I feel like traveling home. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. And I feel like traveling on my heavenly home so bright and fair. I feel like traveling home. And let all the seek a home below. I feel like traveling on where faith won't and wave overflow. I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling home. Yeah, I feel like traveling all my heavenly home. So bright and fast. I feel like traveling. The Lord has been so good. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until the flesh said, "Hold my seat. I feel like traveling home. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on my heavenly home. So glad and safe. I feel like the Lord has been so good. One more time. The Lord has been so good to me. I feel like traveling on until the bless. I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling home. Oh yes, I feel like traveling home. My heavenly home. So right and fair. I feel like traveling home. This is the day the Lord has made. Let's sing there together. This is the day. This is a day that the Lord has made. that the Lord has made. We will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad and be glad. Oh yes. This is our Lord has made and we will rejoice and be glad. They say something. They say that the Lord has one more time now. Oh yeah. They say something. They say something that the Lord has made that the Lord has made. And we will rejoice. We will rejoice and be glad in it. And be glad in. Oh yeah. This is our day that the Lord has made. We will rejoice and be glad. And he says the beast the Lord I will enter his gates and I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Oh I will enter his with praise. Oh I will sing this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has. I will enter his gates now. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. Oh, I will enter his thoughts with praise. And I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for all that sounds good now. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has Oh yeah, I will rejoice for He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for He has blessing. He has made me glad. Oh yeah, he has made me glad. He makes me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad and I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me. I will enter his gate. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his heart with praise. And I will say this is the day that the Lord God has made. I will rejoice for he has made me. Oh he has made me glad. And he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Amen. He has made me glad. Amen. Let's sing that little chorus we normally sing. Uh uh I promise you sister Nami I'm going to sing familiar songs and it's look like it's not familiar this morning. Amen. I text. So I say I'm going to leave songs. I try to sing familiar songs. I know when I get out there I throw you off a whole lot. And we were I have a wonder for us to sing. Put on the garment of praise almost in the same way you play. He has made me glad. Put on the garment of praise. Put on the garment of praise and the spirit of heaven will plead when you put on the garment of praise. You know why I'm singing the song? Because of me. Okay. So, pour on the garment of praise. Oh, pour on the garment of praise. Oh, and the spirit of heaven that will lead when you put on the garment of praise. Oh, put on the garment of praise. Yes. Put on the gar of praise. Yeah. And the spirit of heavenness will flee away when you put on the garment. One more time now. Oh yeah. Put on the garment of praise. Oh yeah. Put on the garment of praise. Oh, and the spirit of heaviness will flee our way when you put up the garment of praise. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat. You can have your seat. Uh, as I said, Wednesday night, I was going to be out on the weekend and uh I mean with uh everything these days with the plane schedule, it can just it can just kill you out. Amen. And uh uh my flight out got so delayed. Got to flame Michigan around 2:00 a.m. in the morning and uh couldn't get my renter. So I had to look for the lift to get to the hotel. wake up early in the morning and I mean it was just it was just crazy. Then right after the funeral I have to run back to the airport. Got delay got to Chicago. Chicago is our home for sleeping. So uh the flight got delayed again and uh I got in late last night. So like I said my body is a little bit spin this morning but uh it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. And uh we want to greet uh uh I think this should be your brother Terry White. Good to have you. Amen. Good to have you. Praise the Lord. Good to have you. Amen. Amen. And Abel, is that your friend? Well, congratulation. I heard you graduated yesterday. [Applause] And uh when I look this way, good to have you. God bless you, Sister Kennedy. It's good to have you uh uh in service with us this morning. Amen. Been asking the parents and uh they've been testifying word about you. So, it's good to have you in church with us this morning. Amen. Our brother West and Sister uh Carol. Amen. All the other ones, Sarah is gone, so she's home. So she's the baby. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we we are so glad to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Let's just stand. We will sing few worship song and then uh we have uh brother Ariel will come in and just uh share the word this morning. Testify to us and u break the bread of life as the Lord will lead him to. Amen. Oh my my my my. Praise the Lord. I want to sing something that is familiar too. That's what I'm thinking about to you. Amen. When you sing something that is familiar, you make it easy on the musicians when you don't know how to sing. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh let's sing something familiar just on my mind this morning. Reach out and touch the Lord. It's uh [Music] Reach hard and touch the Lord. I see my life. You will find he's not too busy to y. He is passing by this all your needs to supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. This is what I wanted to sing, Sister Na. More of you. More of you. That's what I was struggling in my mind to remember. More of you. [Music] It's all of you. All of you. long for [Music] you. I had it all, but what I need is more of you. of place at how I still but yet I'm hunger still and did and there Lord my prayer for more of you [Music] All of you. Thank you, Lord. Yes. More of you. I had it all. But what I need for [Music] you, all things I have, I feel, but yet I hunger still. Empty and death, Lord. Heaven bread for more of you. Let's sing it one more time. Brother Ariel, you can come. Yes. More of you. More of you. I had it all. All I need is for you. All things I have, but yet I hunger still. Come on, Lord. And I pray for all of you. One more time [Music] there. More of you. I have it all. What I need is more. for you. All [Music] things my understand. [Music] Hallelujah. Is it not your desire this morning? We desire more of God, saints, if we can look at one another and see even your own life, you can imagine how much you need God in your life. I'll be the first one to lift my hand. I need more of God this morning. You know, I I don't think I'm worthy of anything, but I depends fully on him this morning. Saints, wherever you are, just in your heart, just think of him just for a minute and say, "Lord, you know my mistake. You know my failures. I'm not worthy to be here, but Lord, may you speak to me. I don't know what is in your heart." You know, maybe there's something that you know, you've been asking the Lord to speak to you. Maybe you've been praying about it for a while and and you're just on expectation. Say, "Lord, I I don't know. I've been going through this routine over and over, but I need a special touch this morning." Don't look at the men behind the pulpit. I'm a man like you, but I need the same grace, too. But what will make a difference is to have him, Jesus Christ, the one who created the heaven and earth can just come into this presence and fellowship with us since that would change our life. He would change my life. I need God in my life this morning. How many of us need him this morning? He is here this morning in the in the simplest way. He's here. It's not about men. It's about him. We have driven from far to come to meet him and him alone. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father. We want to thank you this morning for your grace. If it had not been for you, Lord, I don't know where we would be, Lord Jesus. Your grace and your mercy, Lord, has picked us up from where we were, Father, in sin, Lord, in different things. So father in our various life oh God but your grace has invited us oh God father to fellowship around your word we are not worthy to be here father but we depending fully on the blood of Jesus Christ if it wasn't for Christ oh god we'll be in the world oh god father dealing with different things oh god but we are here because you have called us oh lord there is something in our heart that is drawing us closer to you lord even if the time is becoming challenging Oh God, but deep inside that seed is bubbling. Oh God, we want more of you. We want an experience with you, Father, this morning. Lord, look at your people, Father. They are in needs. Oh Lord, I'm just a human. Lord, I don't know what to give them, but Lord God wants just you coming down into this place, oh God, will bring a a a change, a deliverance, a a supernatural change in people's life. Oh God, even in my own life, oh God. Father, we need more of you this morning. Lord, have your way. Lord, I just give this service into your hand, Lord. As we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. May God bless you. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. You know, Brother Benham always tell us, you know, we only receive what we expect. So, if you expecting a man with a suit to talk to you, that's what you're going to get out of him. But you you expecting God to speak to you, he will speak to you, you know. I don't think that you will walk drive this long just to hear, man. I don't think so, you know. But uh it's a privilege to be here uh to be able to open the word with you and and fellowship with you. We love the word the same way you love the word, you know. So if you're here, it means that you love the word. So we are on the same side. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Shall we open our Bibles if you will, please? We want to appreciate brother one. uh for giving us the opportunity to speak this morning. Um I I just believe that God will help all of us and just pray for me. Uh I don't think I'm a preacher. I just talk, you know, and we trust that the Lord will help us. uh in the book of Luke chapter 19 Luke chapter 19 it's a very familiar scripture there uh by the grace of God I have a thought here to me it's it's an experience it's an experience with God and and I I just believe that I would share it with you um don't I think it's it's just for the glory of God is the testimony of Jesus Christ. Now Luke chapter 19 verse one uh I think I don't know I think it's in the PowerPoint too so just to help us there. Now, if you could pay attention on this reading. And Jesus entered and passed through Jericho. And behold, there was a man named Zakius, which was the chief among the publican. You know, in that time, the publican were called sinners, right? And but he was he was rich and he sought to see Jesus. You know there there is something inside of his heart. He wanted to see Jesus. He wanted to understand him. He heard too much about him. But this time he's like what what is going on about this man that everybody are following and all this miracle happening in the city. But what about him? You know he sought to see him who he was. He want to know who is this man? It's not just what I heard but I want to meet him. I want to have an experience with him. Is that right? And could not for the press because it was a little was little of statue. You know, he did not let his size, you know, dominate his his his purpose in life. You see, he had a desire. It was not what was coming out of it physically. Here, are you with me? You know, down in his heart, he desired to see him. He wanted to know him. He wanted to understand him but it was short and there was different things that was on the way that was hindering him to meet him. Is that right? There are quite a lot of things in our life that are hindering us to see God. If we can be honest there's quite a lot a lot of things. And he ran before and climbed up into a sycamore tree to see him. He went even beyond that. He said no you know I'll climb up right to see him. Is that right? For it was pass. And watch what the Bible says. For he was to pass that way. You know Jesus did not just move from one city to the other randomly like that. There was a purpose. The Bible says he was to pass that way. There were many streets there, right? But his purpose was to pass that way. Are you with me? Amen. and and and and it the Bible continues and Jesus when when Jesus came to the place you know it was up there how did Jesus know him there was something that Zakius had that God could be able Jesus could be able to identify it you see that element is not what I can see you standing here this morning is something that is in your soul that I cannot see only God can see that so that's what I want to address this morning Are you with me? Amen. Now, and he ran before and climb up into a sycamore tree to see him, for it was to pass that way. And when Jesus came to the place, he looked up and saw him and said unto him. Now watch, Zakius. How did he know him? How did he know his name? Amen. It was an appointed time at the appointed place that he called his name. Amen. Amen. We must have an appointed place where God must call us. Are you with me? Amen. Zakius haste. Make haste and come down for today. Glory to God. I must abide in thy house. Amen. Hallelujah. At that time was a physical house. Now that's your body. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory. Says for today I must abide at thy house. He must have wondered like how did he know my name? Out of all these people that are sitting here passing by, why does he want to just come to my house? Amen. What do I have? Are you with me? Amen. And he made haste and came down and received him joy joyfully. And when he saw it, the armor saying that he was gone to a guest with a man that is a sinner. Here come critics, accusers and self-righteous men. He says, "Why? Why? Why would he go to that man of a sinner? Oh yeah, I'm that sinner today that I want Jesus to come in my house. I'm not ashamed of him to do that to say that." Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. And Zakayas stood and said unto unto the Lord, "Behold, Lord, the half of my good I give to the poor. And if I have taken anything from any man by a false accusation, I restore him fourfold." Repentance automatically. Something triggers in his heart, he start repenting, start making things right. Amen. Mhm. And Jesus said unto him, "This day, this day is salvation come to this house." Amen. For as much as he also is a son of Abraham. Watch now. For the son of man, the purpose of his coming, it says, "For the son of man is come to seek." Amen. To seek is seeking is is trying everything that he can to to grab that seed. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. It says to seek to save that which was lost. Amen. You seek what is lost means some point you had lost it somewhere, right? It was at the first state where you already got it. It got something that happened in between you lost it. But now as a father is seeking for that that seed to return back to him. It's not you that is seeking. It's God that is seeking. Oh, glory to God. John chapter 6 verse 44. And I'll have you standing. Let's sit down. Sorry. John chapter 6:44. No man can come to me except the father which has sent me. Draw him and I will raise him up at the last day. You cannot come unless he draws you. The potter has power over the clay. You know, he has power over the clay. He does whatever he wants to. Amen. You may be seated. May God bless the reading of the word. How many of us are happy to be in the house of the Lord? This uh as I said, we want to thank brother one for giving us the opportunity to speak. Uh we ask, we just pray that the Holy Spirit will come in the room. Who is under expectation? Amen. Who is under expectation? There's only few people that are under expectation. You know you will receive only what you expect. You know how many of us are under expectation? Hallelujah. Not from me, from the word. Do you love the Lord? Now in the scripture we just read. Um I I love the way brother Bham pray in one of the sermon. It was to pass that way. I think it's not part of my notes. Uh it says, "Our heavenly father, we are grateful to thee this morning because you are still seeking the save son of Abraham which is that which is lost." You know I I I love that most of the time you you know you will pick up something from brother Bam or even a prayer because I do believe that there's a power in it. You know there is a power in the word of the prayer of a prophet. You see, there was power in the prayer of Jesus. He said, "Father, I thank you that I'll lose none or not even one." You know, we can relate on this on these promises and really apply to our own life. Is that right? Now, as a thought here, I want to speak on call by name. called. You are called by name. by your name. Individually, you are called. It's very strange, but I just believe that this will be of a blessing. Do you love the Lord? And I know it's a little cold in here, but we can say amen to the word. How many of us love the word? That the Lord will be able to help us. Now, we see here and brother Benham teaches us that the book of Genesis is the seat chapter. Is that right? So, Genesis is where everything begins, right? So, if you want to know anything, the beginning of anything, you need to start in the book of Genesis. Now, if you have your Bible with you, can you can you just open it with me or the sister can project this? Um, in Genesis chapter 1:26, this was the men that God created in his own image. The Bible says, "And God said, let make man in our own image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish, and the fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air, over the cows, and over the earth, and over every creeping things that creepeth upon the earth." Are you with me? And God created men in his own image. Are you with me? Do you see that? He created men in his own image. And brother Bernham says that the first man that God created was a spirit man. Are you with me? So you would say what why is he a spirit man? Because the Bible in the book of John chapter 4, it says that God is spirit. So this man that is created in the image of God must be like God. So if God was a spirit, this man has to be also a spirit because he's is created in the image of God. Are you with me? Now to to catch these things, what was this man that was created in the image of God? You need to open the book of 2 Corinthians chapter 4:4. Now the Bible, the the Bible shows us something here. It says, "In whom the God of this world has blinded the mind of them which believe not, lest the light of his glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God." Are you with me? So who is the image of God is Christ. So this man that God created in his own image was a God. He was an amateur God. Are you with me? He had power. He had dominion over the fish. He had dominion over the cows. He had dominion over everything that God had created. Now if you go down into uh Genesis 2:7, it says God formed the men from the dust of the earth. So now we see here that there is a man that is a spiritual man, right? And there's this man that is physical. So the spiritual man is created in the image of God. Are you with me? Amen. But now if you look at the the the the flesh is created in the image of a beast. You have hands probably like you know uh you can see some similarities between animals and us human. Can you are you with me? So this flesh here is not made in the image of God. What is made in the image of God is something that is inside that is invisible that we can't see. Are are you with me? So there is something that you have that is greater than just what I can see here. Amen. Amen. Amen. Before you step into this flesh, you were a spirit. You live before you existed before. Are you with me? Many of us may not still say, "Oh, brother, where are you getting this thing from?" It's in the Bible. Amen. Amen. The physical part is not really it. It's not you. The real you is inside. Are you with me? But something had happened. This man Adam was, he was an amateur god on the earth. He had control over the earth. He had, you know, he directed everything. For the matter of fact, he even gave names to animals. He could look at the character of this of this animal. He looks and say, "Oh, wow. That's a lion." So Adam when he was naming the animal, it was God naming the animal through Adam. Because God never stood there and say, "Adam, what did you name him?" Lion because Adam had the mind of God. He knew what God would want. So everything that God created, Adam had the ability to see the character. Amen. So the name that that Adam give the animal was the character of the animal. Amen. Amen. You see your name is not just oh wow I can give any name. No there is a meaning behind the name. And that name has an influence in your life. Amen. Because the name is not just oh yeah that's the way they call me. But there is a character that is hidden behind that name. Are you with me? Amen. Now this man God created in the image. He has power and everything. But it gets to a point where sin enter into the garden of Eden. How many of us know that? That's a very sad story. Can you imagine the peace and the fellowship that Adam had, you know, in the Garden of Eden? But at this point, the enemy had come to destroy. It came into God's own turf. Yeah. And destroy his own son, his own daughter. Amen. You know, can you just imagine as a father or a mother, a stranger comes and destroy your children in your own house? How would you feel? That was God in heaven. Amen. He saw the enemy coming and destroy and planted a seed. Yeah. And now we have two separate nature that comes in. Now we have the serpent seed and the seed of God. Yeah. And from that time the battle begin beun in your life. There's a part of yourself that you you can look on one side and say, "Wow, I can see God. I can't I love the word." on the other side the flesh is fight is fighting against you because there's two nature that are fighting you know the brother brother talks about the story of two dogs so there was a man that one says brother Brandham since I believe there's two dogs that are that are fighting there's a black dog and and the white dog and brother Bam asked him who is who is winning he says the one that I feed the most is the one that is winning so if you feed the white dog the white dog will grow it will get stronger if you feed feed the black dog, the black dog also will get stronger. So the question is, what dog are we feeding this morning? Are you with me? Now man lost that right. He lost the the the authority. You know, he had the control. He lost the title. Did what gave him access to eternal life? He was separated from God. Amen. That's right. Can you imagine? You know, you you you you enjoy the word of God and once because of sin, you are separated. Imagine the confusion that Adam could have. Wow. I I was at peace, but now the lion that I can't play with, I'm no longer playing with that lion because that fellowship was broken. You see, sin brings dysfellowship between God and man. Every time that we touch on the tree of of of good and evil, we die the very same day. But every time that we feeding on the tree of life, we are living eternally. But at that time there was no something there is no propation to stand between. So God had to kill an animal because without the the shedding of blood there's no forgiveness of sin. So when God sees his son and his daughter has broken his law, he had to find a way to bring back fellowship again. Amen. That's why he took a lamb and he slay him. You know man was running and took an apron to cover himself. God does not want you to cover yourself with religion. He want the blood. Amen. He want the blood of the lamb. So now when the Bible says the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world that was in the mind of God. But now on earth the lamb was not there yet. So he had to take an animal that created to stand in between. Amen. But he was not able to take away to restore everything fully because the lamb that God saw in his mind was not an animal because an animal does not have a soul. But God required a man lamb to die for you and me to restore us back. Are you with me? Oh, glory to God. I I love that. Right. So men enter into a state of amnesia. How many of us would know am what amnesia means? It's a condition involving the loss of memory due to a injury, illness or trauma. We you know the human race had dealt with a trauma in their life. So they for they forgot who they were in the garden of Eden. We forgot our authority. Mhm. We had lost everything. Adam could not even remember even after sin. You know, it was hard for him to tell his children what really happened in the Garden of Eden. He could not tell Abel and Cain what had happened before sin. Oh yeah. He couldn't tell them because one took actually the the fruit instead of taking the lamb. So it had to be by revelation. Amen. So everything that happened before the fall, they lost they lost the the the the the what had happened. They they lost everything, the joy that they used to have. But God says, I'm not going to leave my son and my daughter in that condition. I want to bring them back. Amen. I want to restore that fellowship. Then he spoke, he says in Genesis chapter 3 verse 15, I will put emnity between thee. What the that's that the serpent. Amen. Because the serpent is Lucifer incarnate into a body because Lucifer is also in the spirit realm. He must step into a body to fulfill what he want to fulfill. Amen. Are you with me? The same way God rest on the seventh day in men. Satan say, "Oh, so I need to find a body to step in and to bring destruction." But watch this what the Bible says. If you have time, you can listen to the message uh the serpent seed. There's a lot of things there. And I will put anything between thee and the woman and between that seed and her seed. So this beast had a seed. Amen. He had a seed. That's what the Bible is saying here. Are we Are we reading together? Amen. It says between thee and that seed. I will continue. Oh, glory to God. And he shall bruise the head and that shall bruise that heel is that is healed. Now we we already born into right our natural birth already brought that trait in our blood in our system. Our system is already compromised. That's why saint you cannot trust this body. Right? You see the reason why we need the baptism of the Holy Ghost is because we cannot trust this. We need the baptism of the Holy Ghost to to to put this body under subjection because this body cannot stay under subjection. It cannot. It's like a beast. He has a beast nature in it. So the Holy Ghost come to actually subdue to put that body under control. Amen. That's why we need it. Amen. That's why we need the Holy Ghost. But our nature, our trade, the trade of seed was already embedded into our system. Look what Romans chapter 5 says. Verse 19, it says, "For by one man disobedience, many were made made sinners. So by the obedience of one shall many be righteous." Are you with me? And David speaks in in in Psalm 51:5, "Behold, I was shaped in iniquity. In sin did my mother conceive." You can't say, "Oh, no. My mom is righteous. My dad is righteous. Therefore, I'm naturally righteous." No. The Holy Spirit is not actually passed from one generation to the other. It's not that if the father has the Holy Ghost, the child automatically has the Holy Ghost. No. Every single one of us must come to that experience. Amen. Amen. Amen. And they have to know it at a young age. Amen. That if I have it, I cannot I can only pray for you that God give you grace to have it. But when it comes to placing the Holy Ghost in your life, I can't do it. The pastor cannot do it. The minister cannot do it. The pope cannot do it. That's right. True. Are you with me? Because this thing need to be dealt with. Amen. I'm not talking about just passing. No, I'm talking about deal with it at the root of the issue. Amen. And only God can do that. Are you with me? I'll read the first quote. Oh my. May God help us. Uhhuh. May God help us. Oh, glory to God. Are you guys ready? Yeah. We'll go a little faster here. Is that right? Now, a think men filter. Brother B says this. How many of us believe that we have a prophet in the land? Amen. And we have a message, right? We have a message. We have Christ in our midst. Right? So I we are believer of this message. Hallelujah. We believe that God sent a prophet in this last day. Amen. Not just to believe that, but to follow what he said. Amen. That's why we're reading it. There's a second part of that point. Anyway, so when you come into the world, we were born in sin. You did not even come with a fighting chance. It says you were born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come to this world speaking lies within your own spirit, the desire of sin, a lover of sin because you were born in sin. You did not have a chance. Are you with me? Watch what the brother says. But down inside of you, somewhere here you come. There was something in there that begin to draw. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Amen. It says if you know it was something that told you there was a God somewhere and and you read his word, there was something when you are reading the word of God. You read something you know that no there is a God that exists. You feel a connection. Not everybody feels that connection. So let me tell you something. If you open your Bible Bible you read, you feel a connection. There is something. That's what I'm about to talk about. Amen. Why do you feel connection when others are not feeling connection? Are you with me? Oh, glory to God. You know, men in his nature is absolutely contrary to God's will. Your nature, you you can't even you'll be completely outside of the will of God. That's why Jesus taught us to pray. It was just a model how to pray. Amen. It says may thy will be done. He knew how to pray because the disciple came and said teach us how to pray. Amen. That's when it start explaining showing to them thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Yeah. So there is a will in heaven that need to be followed on earth. So when you do something your nature cannot do it. You must depend on the heaven to dictate what is happening on earth. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Oh glory to God. Oh my. My my my my God's desire. We were born already in sin. Sheep in iniquity. You are already a sinner. You are born a sinner. Sheep in iniquity. Come to the world speaking life from from lost from our birth. So when you can you just imagine a baby is born is all in on his own inside of his own system is already compromised. The child has not done anything yet. Yeah. Is because of sin. But I have a good news this morning. Oh, glory to God. Do you love the Lord? Huh? Do you really love the Lord? Amen. You know, there's a place here. For some reason, I didn't post it. I didn't put it there, but brother Brenham says something. It says, "I was saying taking for myself." I think it's in the message communion. Paragraph 45 it says like you was going to say William Brandham well 40 years ago the William Brham it isn't the same one tonight it says if somebody back there would say William Brham it was a rank rascal see because he was born of sh and elabbr he says in their nature I was a sinner So in the nature of your parents, you are already born a sinner. Oh my. It says in the nature I was a sinner. I came to this world a liar. All the habit of the world lay right in me. It says it does not stop there. It says but down in there too. Amen. Was another another nature present. See predestinated was in there by God in this same body. See to nature in there. Amen. You are born in sin. Yes. But inside also there is a nature. There is a predestinated seed that is planted in it. Amen. I can't see it. You cannot even see it until you get in contact with the word. Amen. Amen. is the word that shows the nature of the seed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Oh my. I'll read the second quote. How many of us love the Lord? So if somebody's sleeping, you tap them on the side and say, "Hey, the word is go." You know, it's happening. You don't want to miss this, right? Because it's contagious. You know, you love the Lord. It's contagious. Now the second quote here it was to pass this way. A man know that it comes from somewhere. Now I I love what the brother saying here. It says from the beyond when he leave it goes back somewhere. He's always trying to find something something to find out where he come from and where he's going. Are you with me? Yeah, there is only one that has that answer. He says that's God. Every man want to look over the curtain and when they see anything they uh that show that can show you what's over the curtain where you been and who you are and where you are going. There is only one book of all the literature that wrote of the millions of tongue. There is this is the book that tells you who you are, where you come from and where you are going. There is no other book that do it. The Bible. Are you with me? And the word is God. The Bible said, "Amen." So if there is one book that would tell you where you came from, where you are presently and where you going to go, so now Adam and Eve lost where they came from. Are you with me? Yeah. So the Bible, oh glory to God, is the one that tells you where you came from. So we would trust in the Bible where you came from. Glory. Amen. Are you with me? Because that's the only thing that can tell you. Amen. Let's trace where you came from. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Now, God through this book, through the Bible is trying to reveal himself to a dialect. Because if you want to know where you were, you need to know who brought you first, right? Because if you know the person who brought you, you can actually identify him when he's drawing you. Amen. Amen. That's very important there. Amen. That's very important. It's not just about you. You must know him first. Then you know yourself. Amen. So now God is trying to reveal himself to the elect. Amen. Because they lost something. the lost the consciousness of who he is because Adam knew who God was. So God is trying to restore back that fellowship. He's trying to you know in the three-fold purpose is trying to reveal himself. So God reveal himself first. He has preeminence before he restores. Amen. Amen. So the three-fold purpose of God is to reveal himself. to have preeminence in the body and then restore back the kingdom. So God is when when sin enter into the earth, God want to reveal himself. So he start unfolding himself by amen. So he's still hidden but he reveal himself. Amen. No, when he's revealing himself, he's not just revealing himself himself as God. He's revealing you too. You part of that package. Oh my. How many of us are happy to hear these things? Oh, do you love the Lord? I just want to make sure that you love him. You cannot be this happy if you didn't love him. Are you with me? Amen. Now if you look at the Bible, this Bible that we hold on to, right? We we hold in our hands sometime. We let the dust come, you know, fall upon it. But this is God. This is God in written form. This this is God. Now, it was written by 40 men. This Bible that we're holding here, it was written by 40 men over a space of 6,000 years apart. Are you with me? Amen. So, 1600 years from Moses to Jo to John. So, in terms of things that were occurring, right? But it was in the space of 6,000 years. Are you with me? Some of this writer did not even know each other. Right. When they put the prophecy together, each one of them doveetailed without an error. Amen. Without a mistake. No man can do that. This was God. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. No man can do such a thing. Only God could be so accurate. And and precise. Amen. Men that never met each other, but they can say one thing, the other one underperation receive the whole thing. Amen. He opens up to him. is he prophesy of what will happen. Amen. Amen. We're not just believing any type of things. We believe in God. It's happening in here. Amen. Amen. And throughout the 66 book of the Bible, God is expressing himself little by little. He's showing his character, what he likes, what he doesn't like, and all of it. You know, but the one was talking about uh the ten commandments. The ten commandments, it's not just, oh, you have to do this, don't do this. No, no, no. If I don't tell you what I like, you would not know me. If I give you the 10 commandment, it's not for you just to do because I know you're going to fail. So, what he does is he was trying to tell them this is what I like. I don't bear sin. I don't want you guys to do this in a sense where I'm expressing who I am, my character, what I like. Amen. It's not the law. Cuz no man will keep it. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Amen. This word depends on how you're looking at it. Amen. May God help us. Amen. Now, it's God that is hid himself in mysteries, in secret. He's hiding himself. So, I want you to catch this. When God is trying to bring that fellowship back, he's hiding himself. He does not fully want to show himself fully. He doesn't want to yet. He stopped opening little things. He hid himself in mysteries. And I'll show you that in the Bible in a few minutes here. Amen. Are you with me? This Bible is the revelation of Jesus Christ. So God hides himself in the Bible in some images, right? Yeah. In symbols, in materials, you know, you find he said, "Choose gold, choose the the, you know, go uh golfer wood." All of these those materials was expressing something in the Bible. Amen. Amen. Every single things in the tabernacle mean something. Amen. Not just, oh wow, they were talking about this material outside. No, those material meant something specific. Amen. Amen. Amen. So if you study your Bible carefully, you will find it. Yeah. Every ustencle in the tabernacle, the breast altar, the lav, you know, the the table of showbread, the candlestick, all of these things, the ark of the covenant, all of these things are there for a purpose. Even the horn of the altar. Amen. You know the the breastening altar had a horn on the side. There was a purpose behind it. Even the lava where they were washing the the the the Levites, there was a purpose behind it. Somebody will go study again. May God help us. God hid himself in the word in history, right? It talks about, you know, it was in the prophets, it was in the Psalms, it was in the proverbs, everywhere. He was displaying himself in different men. It talks about the story of Ruth. You know, brother Freddy was here talked about the story of Esther. How many of us saw God in the book of Esther? Amen. How many of us saw yourself in the book of Esther? Let me put it that way. You see, it's history and and some people just, oh yeah, this is a beautiful story. No, he placed it because he's trying to reveal himself. Amen. To you personally. Amen. Amen. [Music] God hates himself in numerology. He's a number seven. Every number means something to God. And that's why there's an appointed time. Even the book of Esther, you know, he was reading on the seventh day. All of these things, there's a purpose behind it. Are you with me? He hid himself in riddles and parable. He is talking about, you know, they're asking him a question. He speaks in parable. The parable is a secret thing. It's like a normal story. But there is a message behind that riddle. I want to know the message behind the riddle. Amen. Amen. Let's read this. Matthew chapter 13:10. You love the Lord. Amen. We still We're still climbing. Amen. If if you love the word, we can go faster. I'm going to take few minutes and we're gone. Is that right? Amen. Now, it's going to be long reading here, but uh Matthew chapter 13:10. And the disciple came and said unto him, why speakest thou unto them in parable? And he answered, he said to them, "Because watch what Jesus is saying. Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, but to them it is not given." Let's continue. And whatsoever has, to him shall be given, and he shall have more abundance, but whosoever has not for him from him shall he taken away even that he has. Therefore speak I unto them in parable because the seeing. So you see the seeing here is not what your eyes are seeing. Because Jesus is trying to say something here. Therefore speak eye I to them in parable because the seeing see not and hear they hear not. Neither do they understand. And in them is fulfilled the prophecy of Isaiah, which said, "By hearing ye shall hear it. And shall not understand, and seeing ye shall see, shall not perceive." Are you with me? Let's continue. For this people's heart is wax growth and their ears are door of hearing and their eyes have closed. They have closed less at any time they should see with their eyes and hear with their ear and should understand with what their heart and should be what converted. I should heal them. So God want want to heal you. You see his intention here. But who are closing the ears? It's us. We don't want to hear what he's saying. Are you with me? Amen. Verse 15. For this people No, let's 16 rather. be blessed, but blessed are your eyes, for they see your ears for they hear. Amen. Now verse 17. For verely I said unto you, many prophet and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see and have not seen them, and to hear those things which ye hear and have not heard. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? God help us. But it was given to a specific excuse me a specific group of people to be able to see and understand. Amen. When Jesus spoke in parable in public he spoke in parable but he called his disciple on the side. He told them what the parable meant. Amen. Are you with me? He gave them the revelation of the parable. Amen. Amen. But among the 12, Judas was also there. You see, the revelation of the parable was already expressed. But yet, they had a supernatural element that was remaining. Amen. And that supernatural element is only to the bride to the elect. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The uh brother Joe preached about quickening quicken hidden is it see uh the quickening power not everybody can be quickened. Amen. Quicken it means to make alive. Amen. Amen. So there was some at a point something at was dead but it need to be revived again. So if that thing was not dead to begin with it cannot be revived. It's the same principle of redemption. Redemption means to bring back. Amen. Because you lost it, you must be bring it back. So if that thing was not originally there, it cannot be brought back. Are you with me? Amen. Amen. I don't think I'm preaching false doctrine in here. I'm just cuz everybody are quiet. You need to say amen to the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know it it is revealed by revelation huh it is given by revelation. Amen. Matthew 11:25 at the time Jesus Matthew 11:25 and at that time Jesus answered and said now is this is a thank thanksgiving over the elect. Are you with me? It says at the time Jesus answered and said I thank thee oh father lord of heaven and earth because thou had hid these things from the wise and the prudent and has revealed them unto babes. Amen. How many babes we got in the house? Oh, glory to God. Amen. Do you love the Lord? Amen. I I'm I'm I'm trying to bring you back where you were before the foundation of the world. Is that right? Amen. But I have to I have to follow the trade till we get there. We'll get there in a few minutes. Let's give an example here. Oh, glory to God. It is by revelation. It's not something that you fight. It's given by revelation by the grace of God. Amen. Now, Matthew chapter 16:1 16. And Simon Peter answered, "Now this is Jesus among his own disciples." Are you with me? He says, "Who do men say I am? Me, the son of man." They say, "Oh, no. People are saying that you Elijah, you Jeremiah and all of these things." He says, "What they say?" But now, let me bring let me bring you home now. Who do you say that Jesus Christ is? And the question was asked among the 12 I I want you to touch these things please because it's important. And Simon Peter answered Matthew 16:16. And Simon Peter answered and says, "Thou are the Christ." Let me just stop a little bit here. What the revelation that Peter is receiving here from God is that is that revelation is is literally bringing Jesus Christ back where he was. After he yet condescended, Elohim condescended into a form which was the logos. Amen. The logos is the Christ. The logos is the word. Amen. So this man is standing before them was a man, a human being. Now he asked his disciple, who do men say I am? He asked them who men said that you you know I am to you guys. Then later on be there he looks at a man. Amen. This man that is standing here is like me. He's asking him oh my. The revelation come from heaven and told to Peter. Amen. Peter said thou art the Christ. Amen. You are the word made flesh. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. Amen. Oh, glory. I like that. It does not stop there. It says the son of the living God. Amen. The son is the same thing as the logos. Amen. Amen. You are the word. You are the Christ. You are the pillar of fire made flesh. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Glory to God. And Jesus answered and said unto him, blessed are thou Simon Baronah. The flesh and blood has not revealed it unto thee. Oh my. But my father which is in heaven. Amen. Hallelujah. It says I said also unto thee that thou that thou art Peter and upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Hallelujah. And what was that re? Oh, glory to God. What was that rock? It was the revelation. It was not built upon a church. It's not built upon Peter. It was built upon the revelation. Amen. You are sitting here because of revelation. Thank you Lord. So the church of the living God is actually upon is built upon the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. Jesus Christ is the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me go back in the book of Genesis the sixth chapter. Amen. We have Abel and Cain. How do Abel knew? How do Abel knew that he had to offer a proper sacrifice? That it was not the fruit, but it was the blood. How did he know it? It was the same revelation that struck Peter. Amen. Amen. It's the same revelation that saints, you have two boys. Oh yes. You have two boys. They they coming to the altar. Amen. If just coming to church and say wow I want to be part of this church that makes us to have the re that's not true both of them were coming to the altar they were coming to worship they had the same ambition to worship were they sincere yes maybe yeah but there was something in them that was just beyond just a desire to say I'm coming to the altar amen it's a revelation amen Amen. And that is only given by God's grace. Amen. You love the Lord. Peter said, let's go. John chapter one. I'm going to go fast here. John chapter 1 verse one. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. Are you with me? Now it says in him was light. I want you to catch this. In him was life. Sorry. Amen. I want you to catch that. In him. Oh, glory to God. It says, "In him was life." Amen. And the life was the light of men. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Let's go to 14. Verse 14. Now, we just spoke about the word. Is that right? Amen. Now the Bible continues says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth." Amen. The word that was at the beginning, that very word is becoming now flesh. That's the revelation that struck Peter. No man could know that. It's not just a church membership. You able you able to know this. It has to come from God. Amen. To the elect. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. I'm going to I'll read few scriptures here and I'll go fast. Luke chapter 10 verse1 17. Now Jesus sent all the 70 disciples to operate miracles. And many people think like, oh yeah, if I'm doing miracles, therefore that's the evidence. Let let me kill that one. Let me just hit that thing real quick and we'll go. Luke chapter 10 verse 17. And the 70 returned again with joy, saying, Lord, even the devil are subject unto us through thy name. And he said unto them, I beheld Satan as a lightning falling from heaven. Behold, I give unto you power to trade upon the serpent and scorpion over all the power of the enemy, and nothing shall by any mean hurt you. Now verse 20. Now withstanding in this rejoice not they just operated all the miracle as possible. Are you with me? Amen. The casad and all of these things the demon was subject to them. But Jesus is saying here now we standing in this joy night rejoice night that the spirit accepted unto you but rather rather rejoice because your name are written where in heaven. So if we have to rejoice we're not rejoicing because we're casting demon. We're rejoicing because we were there before the foundation of the world. Because our name was written in heaven. Amen. Amen. That's right. Oh, glory. John chapter 6:70. Jesus have answered them, "Have I not?" Hey, sorry. Have not I chosen you 12? Yes. Are you with me? It says, "Have I if not I chosen you 12, but one of you is a devil. [Music] Are you with me? Amen. John 17:12. So, we're reading John 6:70. And now is John 17:12. While I was with them in the world, I kept them in thy name. Those that thou gave me, I have kept. None of them is lost. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. But the son of predition that the scripture might be fulfilled. Amen. So saint, if you are an elect of God, you cannot be lost. Amen. Saint, this is powerful stuff. Amen. Amen. Amen. There is not a possibility on earth for an elect to be deceived. No way. Amen. He says if it was possible, but let me tell you something. It's not possible. No way. God cannot make a mistake. No way. Amen. He cannot make a mistake in his election. He can't do it. Amen. Oh, he's faithful. Amen. Amen. Now, Acts chapter 13, there's a part that I want to just draw out of that scripture. Acts chapter 13 verse 48. When the Gentile heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord. Now, watch this. And as many as were to eternal life, Amen. believed. Amen. Amen. So when you're sitting here, you are believing the way of God. Amen. You were ordained to believe. Amen. You're not just randomly sitting there and believe. No, no, no, no. You were ordained to believe. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Roman 8 verse 28 29. for whom he did for new. That's right. He also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son, that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, them he also called, and whom he had called, he also justified, and whom he justified, them also glorified. Amen. That was in the past tense. That was in the past tense. Amen. Glorified, justified, called. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why you know when it comes to election is God. God alone. No man has power to tell who's going to hell, who's going to heaven. Amen. Amen. Amen. The power, the pter has still control over the clay. Ephesians 1 uh 1:3 chapter 1 verse three. Blessed be the God of our father, God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with all spiritual blessing in heavenly places in Christ according as he has chosen us in him. Amen. You see that in him again in him was the the life chosen as in in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy. So in his thought if he saw you holy then he's seeing you holy now because of the sit that is inside. Amen. You are still walking. You're still struggling. But when he looks down, he sees a holy son and daughter of God. We need to have God's perspective this morning. Change your angles today. Look at the way God sees it. That's what brings peace in your heart. That we should be holy without blame before him in love. Are you with me? Amen. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to him according the good pleasure what of his will God God himself had an eternal purpose to take for himself a bride of his own choosing. You know a man would not want somebody to choose his wife. I mean anyways I'm the one that is going to marry this this this woman. I don't want anybody to choose that. So God himself as a man says, you know, I want to choose my own bride. I don't want anybody to choose that for me. I want to make that choice. So if he if God chose you this morning, don't get mad if my my neighbor is saved. He's been chosen. Amen. If I'm chosen, there's nothing that you can do about it. Amen. Amen. You cannot hate me because I'm I'm a chosen. That's God's choice. It's not because it's not even my own choice because I was born in sin. That's his choice. That's why it's an unconditional covenant. What if you do or you don't? But I have already done it. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. The church of the living God, we need to come up higher. Amen. Amen. We need to rise a little higher. Amen. Oh, brother of Jesus Christ, let's come a little higher. Hallelujah. marriage and divorce. I want to rush something here. It says in him because we read in Ephesians, right? It says in him was attributes. Brother Bar explains. He says what is an attribute? Is a thought. Are you with me? So an attribute is a thought. So God had when he was living by himself, Elohim, he had thoughts. He had attributes but he wanted to express what was inside of his thought. He wanted to be savior. You know even when sin entering the garden of Eden, he knew what was going on because in him he wanted to be a savior. That's right. But you cannot be a savior if there's nobody who had fallen somewhere. Are you with me? So if you want to be a redeemer, somebody has to fall to for you to be a redeemer to qualify to be a redeemer. So he knew all things. He knows the end before the beginning. Hallelujah. This is the God that we serving. He knows the end of my life even before I was born. He spoke to Jeremiah. He says, "I knew you." What Jere what? What did What kind of Jeremiah that God knew before? Huh? It was in his mind. Amen. Jeremiah was there. He knew what Jeremiah will fulfill. Nothing will happen in your life until God permit it to be. If you were there in his mind, you will come. Everything that he thought about you will come to pass. Are you with me? Because you are the thoughts. You were there originally in the mind of God. Amen. Amen. Nobody can take you out of that original eternal mind of God. Thank you, Jesus. Who do you say this is? It says just just know this. How few recognize him to be the anointed word? How many of us? Let me repeat that again. How few recognize him to be the anointed word of that day? How do you build that? Let me read it. How many of us recognize him as the anointed word? That's a question now. That was on that day. Now in this day, how many recognize him as the anointed word? Amen. Amen. Because we just read it because it's a revelation. So if you don't lift up your hand, I'm not blaming you. It's still a revelation. Are you with me? Amen. Thank you, Lord. Just notice how few recognize him to be the anointed word of that day. See, God in the beginning being infinite know all things from the beginning. Are you with me? The only thing that these things are is the display of his attribute. I I love that it says an attribute. You have an attribute. It's your thought. You think of something then you speak it. Then you take it. It says that's God. He in the beginning if you you ever was or will or ever will be in heaven. Watch what the prophet say. You was in heaven to start with. If you ever going to be there means that you were originally there to begin with. Amen. I love that. You are part of God. Amen. You were his thought. Amen. He knew your name. [Music] Brother Andrew, do you feel that God knew your name? Oh, glory to God. I should jump if God knew my name. Amen. Huh? Oh, glory to God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Mhm. He knew who you were before there were ever a molecule. That's right. Before there was a light, before there was anything, he knew you. Amen. Oh, glory to God. And your name. That's right. And put it on the lamb's book of life. Before the word was ever full. Thank you, Lord. See, you were his thoughts. Amen. It says then you become what? The word. The word is a thought expressed. Thank you Jesus. If I have a thought in my mind, I will just shut up. You would not know what I'm thinking. When I open my my mouth, then you know what I was thinking. So if you're standing here as an elect mean you an expression of what he thought. You may not get to that place yet, but you are on your way there. It's a process. To him is a finished work. To you, you still struggling with this flesh, but to him is a finished work. That's right. That is right. That's a God who knows the end before the beginning. Cuz he's already declaring to you what will be the end. You love the Lord. That's right. Amen. Oh, I love that. Let me continue. Oh, it's continuing. So, we still have a life here. Is that right, sister? Can we go back a little bit? See if I had come to the end of of that. Oh, yes. It says, "Then you are manifested." Amen. Let's continue. Thank you. That's the way he was. He was in the beginning by himself. That's Elohim. God dwell alone with his thoughts. Amen. He will. Oh, I like this. He will never do that again cuz his thoughts are being made manifest. That's why we are right here. Oh, glory to God. We're not going backward. We You already here. Oh, glory to God. Huh? Where? Where am I at? Amen. Is God. Oh, thank you. Is God fellowshipping with his own thoughts? Can you imagine God sitting by himself? He's just having fellowshipping with me in his mind. What do you expect me to be standing here to do? Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord, brother. These are heavy stuff. We Some people think, "Oh, no. I have a choice to make." There's no choice. He knew it. He's just watching you fulfilling what he was thinking. Oh, we we have a powerful God. That changes the way we worship. Yeah. That's right. He's worthy. Amen. God fellowshipping with his own thoughts being made manifest. See there we are. So by taking thoughts cannot add one cubic to your statute. You cannot do this that all the other. It's God that shows mercy. It's God. All the father has given me will come to me and no man can come except the father draws him. He says that settles it. That's right. Amen. You cannot be drawn until it dra it it draws you first. That's right. Oh my. Thank you, Jesus. Let's go to deep stuff now. Thank you. A physic exposition of the church ages sme church age. Thank you Jesus. Now watch this closely before I close this subject and I want to settle something very important. And I think by the one has spoken about this before. He says before I close this subject I know there's a question in my mind in sorry in your minds you would you want to know if I believe in the doctrine of preexistence right I don't believe in that moment doctrine of predict preexistence of the soul any more than I believe any more than I believe in reincarnation or transfiguration uh transmigration of souls. Be careful here to see this. It is not the person that comes predestinated eternally from God. Are you with I want you to catch this. It's the It is the word or seed. I want us to lay that so we can know what's going on here because I don't want anybody to blame me later. So this is the foundation where we'll put our feet there, right? It's the word is the seed that is predestinated. Let's move on to the next quote. Now, how many of us have seen this? So, I will read the quote first. Brother Benam says something. It says this little inside of the inside that where you start which is your soul. Then comes from that there's a spirit. Then comes a living being. Now the living being has five senses to contact the second has five senses and the outside part see taste feel smell here the inside body has love and conscience and so forth the five senses but inside of that inside a control tower it's either God or Satan this is the predestinated seed it's not the soul that is predestinated but is that seed word that God dropped before the foundation of the world. Amen. And that seed is God himself. That's right. That's right. The one that is not predestinated is not this. There is not that seed inside. Let's move on to the next quote if I can I can go faster here. Brother Benham says something about the woman at the well. Let's see. In that's the message shalom. Watch this. It says there stood Judas. We spoke about Judas, right? Light shining up here, but back in his heart was dark seed. Are you with me? It says when the showdown come, the darkness showed. Are you with me? Now, it speaks of the woman at the well. Are you with me? And I I want to bring this story of the woman of the well so they can help us here. It says, "Here was a little old woman all blacked out here in the front, but down there was a predestinated seed. When the light comes, it's gather the darkness and it show forth. We know the Messiah is coming and when he do it does, he will show us these things. Amen. So this woman was a Hilfim woman. Are you with me? Outside according to her body, we can't see all of these things happening in her life. Are you with me? And there are different places where brother talks about why he had brought her to that place. Maybe she did not have the desire to do these things. Right? Nobody here has had the desire to begin with to sin against God. You know, sometime let's take it personal a little bit. There are mistake that you make in your life that you never intended that you would come that it would just happen. If we can be really sincere, there are things that happen to us. Sometime we wonder say, "Oh, what happened?" But God has a purpose in all things. Are you with me? God has a purpose. There are some good people. You meet them, they deal with things in their own life. You wonder, they say, "Lord, why?" But there is a purpose. Maybe tonight there is somebody has been struggling with something for a long time. You probably thinking, man, Lord, I didn't even know I was so young. I don't even know how did I get here. I don't even know how whose friend I was hanging out with. This just happened so quick. I don't know. Maybe you crying tonight. You came this morning. You praying. You say, "Lord, I don't know. I'm just tired of this." How many of us are tired of things in our life? Maybe like, "I try. I don't know what is going on. I I'm I'm tired. But don't worry, the seed is still there. [Music] It will speak for itself. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Glory to God. Oh my. I love the Lord. Love the Lord. Praise the Lord. Now, the next one, investment. I'm coming to close soon here. The little woman at the well. Are you with me? Yeah. The little woman at the well was about uh what about her? She certainly had an investment when she come out there in all her immoral immor immorals. The church, watch what the prophet is saying here. He says the church has got her in such a place till she didn't know where she was. Maybe because of a religious spirit. that had affected her in a way or another. Who knows what, right? And so she just went to prostitution, but a simply and humble heart, right? Do you see this? It says this may be a great world word. And I want you I I want you to take it right. She was predestinated to eternal life. Even in that condition, that's right. Even in that condition, you will look at her say, "No, I don't. How many priests of that day looked at her and say, "What kind of woman is this?" But when God looked at that woman, he saw a seed. He says God look looked at himself. God looked at himself in the seat form in the soul of that woman. He says I can't see my identity there. I struggling but I can see something. You cannot see it. I cannot see it. I don't know. Yeah. But this moment, this morning or this afternoon, there is somebody here that is the seed of God. I want to remind you, you are a seed of God. Amen. Hallelujah. You must be, you may be down in sin. You don't even know how to come out of it. You are a seed of God. Thank you, Jesus. If you don't want to believe it for yourself, I believe it for you. Yes. My belief will never stop God. God remains God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. The woman The women came to. Let me continue. Oh wow. I just broke my watch. It's okay. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. All the father has given me will come. She had to come to for the water. Amen. and she got it but not from Jacob's well. This water that she was seeking, it was not for Jacob's well. Can you imagine? You would probably imagine that she was coming to seek for water, but God, it was not the she was always coming. He said, "This is my father's well, Jacob." Right? She knew that there was something about Jacob that pretends to meet her. But it was just beyond that water. Amen. Of that habit to come get water. Amen. Maybe you coming to the altar in your heart this morning every time. Don't stop come to coming to the water. To the well. Don't stop coming to the well. Don't stop coming to the well. Keep coming. That's right. Keep claiming it in your soul. I am a seed of God. I am a son of God. I am a daughter of God. Satan, you have no authority over my life. You must claim it until something come. You will come in contact with the word. When I said the word, I'm talking about the same Christ. Jesus Christ was in flesh there. Jesus Christ is now in the word form. As we preaching like this, you are meeting Jesus Christ the same as that woman at the well. Because he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. You cannot limit him to what Jesus was in Galilee. He has resurrected among the dead. He's alive this morning. That's right. The same Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. The same Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. No man can come except the father calls him and all that he has given me will come and will raise him up at the last day. Those who he forneew he called. Those who he had called he justified. Those who are justified, sanctified and already he's glorified. This is the woman of the well. Mhm. You know the conversation you can you can read at home. Quotes number John chapter 5. Verily verily I John 5:4. Verily verily I said unto you, he that hear my word and believe on him that sent me has eternal life. Maybe you hearing the word of God. If you believe you have eternal life. Are you with me? Look what the prophet says here. The seat shall not be held with a shock. Really quick, it says, "But the original interpretation of the word, he that believeth my word and will believe on him that sent me." It says, "He that understandeth that is," watch this, who it's made known to. I just Jesus said, "No man can come right to me except my father has joined him. And all that my father has given me, they will come. My sheep, my doves, hears my voice. A stranger, they will not follow. What is the voice of God is the word of God. Amen. When you are sitting here hearing the word that you hear the great shepherd, not me, the word. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory to God. It says is the word of God. What's any man's voice but his word. It's the word of God. They will hear the word of God. Amen. Are you hearing the word of God this morning? Thank you. Oh, the elect hearing the voice of the great shepherd. When you're listening to the tape, you're not listening to a voice of a man. This is God speaking to you. Amen. This is God speaking to you. Oh, glory to God. Amen. A name. When you are called by name, right? Amen. Your name is your identity, right? Amen. Your name is your heritage. It's an heritage. They can't trace your family lineage by your name. You know, in in the Congo, if you have a name like, you know, start with the chi, we know where you're coming from. You know, the Kunis are laughing, but it's true. You know, if you have all the chi before that, we know exactly. Ah, yeah. This one is you know if you have a people can identify where you coming from just by the way your name begin. Huh? Yeah. Oh yes. The purpose your purpose in life your destiny is attached to your name. Your character you know even in the Bible the Hebrew mothers they would call babies they will mention their name. He will position. He will position them in the promised land. So a name has a purpose behind all of these things. Are you with me? Oh, let me let me come to an end here. Sister, you can give us the the following quotes there. 10. I'm coming to the end now. Oh, I I like this. This is a personal experience. You know when when I I mentioned the the when I put the title call by name right every single one of us has a name. Is that right? Amen. But when men sin in the garden of Eden there were name that were written in the book. Is that right? When you read your Bible you don't see your name Ariel there. Of course though my name is there. It's in the Bible. But there is something that you when you read it, you see yourself. That's a calling of your name. Amen. Because how many of us had done something wrong? It happened to me. You read the Bible, there's a very same story that is related to you. Someone that in other words, you heard your name. That's right. Amen. Are you with me? You heard your name. Amen. Because there is something in identity that you something you have done. You see it here. You can look at the character of the Bible. You see yourself in it. How many of us have seen that? Amen. So you see when I'm talking about call by name, I'm talking about when you are reading this, you see yourself. You understand what I'm saying? Because it is calling your name. Every time that a minister comes and pastor preach about something, there is something that you go home with. That belongs to you. Amen. You have heard your name. Amen. Are you with me? Now watch this. I love this. Oh, God is so wonderful. Amen. Says, "Now, brother Brandham, is is it the truth that every Jew born since Christ came will be saved?" That's a question that they ask brother. "And who are the 144,000?" And the uh are they the predestinated ones to be sealed with the Holy Ghost and what is their missions? Is that right? There about three question that's what brother Bham says now there are about three question in one there. But here first one is it true that every Jew born since Christ that came into the world is to be saved. Let's continue a little bit. It says no. Nothing will be nothing will be saved only. Only only those whose name were put what? On the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Jew or gentile. It says the book holds that mystery. Amen. What? What mystery? There's a mystery of because if the book when man sin he lost the authority lost the title did the book went back to the original owner which was God himself. Are you with me? Amen. But our names were written in that book and we saw that God is revealing himself little by little. Right now we have the full Bible here. When you are reading today you are seeing yourself right but you must be able to see your name. Now after the book the opening of the seal it should have an effect to know our name. The opening of the seal has something in it. Let's just read it for a few minutes here. Are you with me? I want you to pay attention. I don't want you to miss this. It says the book hold that mystery and the book is only unfolding it now. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. The book that Adam lost in the Garden of Eden is open. Amen. Amen. It was sealed, but now it's open. Now watch this. It says unfolding it now not each one's one's name but what the mystery of the book is we will continue just just continue while it's calling those names are you with me you finally understand that now see the watch now what brother Bham is helping us to see clearly it says the book does not say now leave veil is to be saved in time of this church age or n devil or whoever it says no he don't say that he says he just s the mystery unfolds the mystery of what the thing is so when the book is open you can see your name in the book because you feel a relationship between you and the book. So he's not mentioning your name as Peterson. No, it's when the book is broken. When the seals are open, you read and you see your name. We will continue. Oh, glory to God. I feel good. I feel good. Oh my But we ourself by faith believe it. That's what I say the other night. Let's continue really fast, sister. I need to close. Now there was nothing in heaven that could have done it. Now it's talking about John. You know John was crying because nobody was able to open the book. The book was sealed. Right? Watch this. You know, John looked in the book, the Bible. So, that book was the Bible. Are we reading it together? It says the Bible. Wait a minute. We find that he saw there was no one upon the earth that was able was worthy to open the book, the book of redemption. So, the book held the name of those that will be saved and brought back. Amen. And there was nobody in heaven worthy. Nobody that was beneath the earth and nowhere was able and worthy to take the book to loose the seal or to even look on it. And he wept because in this book was the book of redemption. His own name was in there. Nobody was worthy. He's crying because nobody was able to open so he can see his name. That's Revelation chapter 5. Amen. Hallelujah. Do you understand what I'm saying? Let let's go to the following one. I'm going to close with this. Do you love the Lord? Amen. Can you give him a hand if you love him? He's worthy to be praised. Hallelujah. It looks like we having a revival this morning. Oh God. 13. I'm going to close with this. And oh John who had been standing there our brother crying. It says why? He said everything in heaven, everything in the earth and everything in the sea heard me all. Amen. Amen. Blessed and honor and mighty and power be to him that live forever ever. Now watch what says. It says talk about a happy time. When them seal broke it says John must have looked in and see a oh seeing a past the curtain of time and said there is John in the book. Oh my John saw himself. So the Bible says they sung a new song. After you see your name in the book, you change your way of worship. Thank you. Amen. You change the way you worship because he had a you know John was not able even to look at the book. No. After the opening of the book, after the opening of the seal, John says he said the angel told him, "Go take the book from your angel." He went over there and took the book, even at it. Amen. At this moment, John is ready to take the book. Huh? Let me tell you this morning before I close, you have the right to take the book. [Applause] You are now more than able to take the book. is at your disposal. You want to take the book, that's the message of the hour that is being preached. Amen. Hallelujah. The book is no longer closed. The mystery of your life where you came from has been revealed before you. If you not bent for the opening of the seal, we would not know these things. Right? You know these things. So that gives you the ability to rejoice. Hallelujah. You want to give glory to his name. Can we stand on our feet now? Oh, glory to God. Oh, you know the song down at the cross where my savior died. Oh, glory to his name. Glory to his name. Yes. I feel like worshiping this morning. How many of us are happy? Oh, glory. If there is somebody that has lost their identity, they don't know where they came from, I want to invite you to return your name. You are you are a predestinated son and daughter of God. Oh, glory to his name. Oh, glory to his name. Glory to his name to my heart. Glory to him. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to hallelujah. Glory to his name. My heart glory to the first at the [Music] cross. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Glory to you. Glory to God. [Music] Glory to I'm so I am so wonderful sweet. Oh glory to God. I put my name in the lamp of life. Oh glory. Oh hallelujah is your honorable name. Glory to my heart was the glory to his name. Oh precious fountain. Oh precious. I'm so glad I met [Music] today. Jesus save me. Oh Jesus. It is my glory to God. Oh glory glory to his name. Hallelujah. Glory to him. Glory [Music] to my heart. Yes. Glory to come to this mountain. Come to this mountain. Oh God. Oh, so I just save your hand today. You met with God. Oh hallelujah. Glory to his name. Glory to God. Glory to his name. as my heart was the lord of glory to his name. Hallelujah. Thank you. Glory to God. Thank you. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus. Thank you. Oh my. Hallelujah. He's worthy to be praised this morning this afternoon. How many of us are church to know that you are one of them? You should be glad that you are one of them. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Oh my. I feel like a a young boy I'm about to run. Because it's my story. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. If there is somebody this morning or this afternoon want to renew, thank you, Lord. His relationship with the Lord Jesus Christ, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Yes. Maybe you start probably doubting a little bit. This message is the truth. [Music] This message is the truth. Blessed be your name. We're not feeding on somebody's mind or thought. This is God speaking to you. When you listen to the message in your own room, that's God that is ministering to you. If you saying amen, if you are joyful, if you are worshiping him, you are worshiping him because your name was there. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Shall we pray? If you have a need, you can just lift up your hands before the Lord. Yes. Oh, glory to God. Heavenly Father, we stand before you, Lord, first of all to say thank you for your grace. Thank you for the message of the hour and thank you for sending us a gift in this last day, a prophet. Thank you Lord because you have chosen but for yourself a bride that is worthy that is holy that is bleless Lord God. Father we thank you for this moment to know that we are one of them not because of our own ability is because of what you have already done. Yes Lord Lord you are seeing the hands of your children. Yes God maybe there is a need behind our hands oh God. Father we pray this morning oh this afternoon oh God as they have come to hear about their name Lord may you bless them may you give them according to what they are requesting that their purpose of driving to church will not just be in vain may you create that spirit of worship oh God to glorify you for what you have already done oh God we thank you we appreciate you for such a time like this in your presence Oh God, if there's any sin among us, if there's any mistake that your son or your daughter have committed, oh God, father, please forgive us. We need help. We need grace and mercy, Lord, that your blood was not in vain. It was to take away these things that we struggling with and to give us liberty. Father, Lord, we ask these things. May you come tonight, this afternoon, and bless us abundantly as we're about to return home. Lord, we give you the glory and honor as we pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Lord, I believe that was good word. Amen. Yes, that was good word. That was that was timely. I I needed that myself. Amen. I needed that. That was timely. You know, sometimes I had on my mind what I wanted to speak. I was studing on the plane, but my body was telling me you can't do this to me. Amen. They kept telling me, "You can't do this to me." So when when brother picked me up last night, I said, "Son, you got to step in for me. My body is telling me that I can't do this." And I'm glad that uh the Lord spoke to us. You know uh uh he read that quote word u what Brandon said is the word that comes predestinated. That's very important. You know that's very important. People believe that you baptize in Jesus name. You are predestinated because you believe the message of the hour. And uh and we have find in late time these are the very same people turn it against the word. Now what that literally means is taking the word serious. That what it means. That what it means. Taking the word serious. When you see your name in the book, you take God's word serious. That's right. That's right. Yeah. You take God's word serious. You take everything his word says. You take it serious. Even when you are not up to it, you say, "Lord, your word is truth. Give me grace." Amen. Amen. You you you constantly confess that the word is true. I believe help my own belief. That's good. That's what it is. It's not just a a church membership that make you predestinated. All born by message parents that make you predestinated. No, it's that word. What it means is that God's thought concerning you will haunt you the rest of your life. You can't get away from it. But it also brings you to that place, that place where you realize, okay, this is God and I need to give him. Be it unto me. I call into your word. Praise the Lord. Let's just think that this afternoon. Be it unto me and I call into your word. Amen. Be it onto me. I call into your word. I call into your promises. I can stand secure and cast upon the truth that sets me free. I call to your word, oh Lord. Be it unto me. Yes. Be it unto me. I call into your word. I call into your promises. I can stand secure. Cath upon my heart. This truth that sets me free. I call into your word, oh Lord. Be it all. One more time now. Yes. be it all to me. I call into your word. I call into those promises. I can stand [Music] secure upon my heart the truth that sets me free. I call to your word, oh Lord, be it all to me. While Jesus were with them, he said to them, "Don't rejoice because you casting that devil. Rejoice because your name is in the book." John never understood that. It went over his head. But on the island of Patmos, he saw now he saw the importance of what Jesus said, "Your name is in the book." And he wanted to see it. There are a lot of things that go over our head, but at that appointed time, God brings it to our attention. He makes it real to us because there is a season and a time for everything. The Lord bless you. We will see you on Wednesday night. Let's go in the peace of the Lord and uh continue to pray for our deacon brothers, brother Ben and uh uh and his wife, Sister Alice. Uh they should be returning back hopefully next Sunday. They fly out Nairobi on on Saturday. They should be back home on Sunday hopefully by God's grace. Brother Dan also uh is going to Ghana. So let's remember them in prayer and uh and pray for me. I really I really need prayers. Uh pray for me that the Lord will be able to restore me. Amen. Uh let's uh sing that chorus. Uh uh that the word is working mightily in me. blessing there. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance I see or I feel God that that word is working mightily in me. Amen. Let's sing this and we are dismissed. God bless you. Go with the blessings of God and uh until Wednesday night we see you. The word is working mightily let in me. The word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance I feel or I see, the word is working mightily in me. Oh, the word is working mightily in me. Every day the word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance I feel or I see, this word is working mightily in. Do you believe that? Oh yes. The word is working mightily in me. Every day the word is working mightily in me. No matter what the circumstance I feel, oh I say this word is working might vulate in me. Oh yes, the word is working might vulate in me. The word is working.
