################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 04-06-2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - AKEDAH - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-06
Title:    04-06-2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - AKEDAH
Speaker:  Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgDx6Scf9-s
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. is of the glory and the Oh Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the [Music] gloryy and the hol. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] You deserve the gloryy and the heart of Lord. We lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. God be the glory. Turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. Give a smile to somebody this morning. Let's go ahead and rise. [Music] Amen. We are [Music] standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. [Music] How we are standing in God's presence on holy ground. Let's sing it again this morning. [Music] are [Music] standing holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us [Music] praise Jesus. [Music] Now to be standing in the presence of holy. Thank you Jesus. What a joy and what a privilege to be in those places this morning. Are you happy to be here this morning? Shout glory this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. What a liberty to stand and praise our most high God. He's worthy to be praised. All praises, glory, and honor belongs to him this morning. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, Jesus. Glory to your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. All right, we have um prayer request, prayers report here this morning. I want to thank God for adding another year to my mom's year years. Monday will be her birthday. That's sister Fatu. That will be the 9th. That's from Young Eman. Hallelujah. Happy birthday, Sister Fatu. God bless you. Amen. All right. We have um prayer request here today. God bless you since uh please keep Steve in prayer. He has been having stomach issues since early this morning. Um he's in a lot of pain. That's from Sister Kelly. Let's remember brother Steven in prayer that the healing hands of God will touch our brother Shalon saints. I hope everybody is doing well. I am excited to invite you to celebrate my 21st birthday April 13. Uh it will mean a lot to have my church family at my birthday. Your presence will make the occasion even more um meaningful rather gift will be appreciated. All right, please let me know if you can make it. I look forward to celebrate with all of you. God bless you. That's from brother Elijah. I always call him the soldier. God bless you, brother. Amen. Hallelujah. So, please don't go with your hands swinging. Carry something for him. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. What a joy to be among us saints this morning. Amen. All right, let us bow our heads as we remember those needs and prayer request this morning. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you God for such a time and giving us this wonderful privilege to come and gather before your throne of grace this morning. Uh bless each one of us this morning. Bless the service. Uh bless the preacher this morning. Strengthen him, oh God. Lord, we thank you, oh God, for the song service. Uh, bless each one of us, Lord. Remember brother Steven Cassidy this morning. Lord, you are the God that health thee. Let your healing hands stretch and touch our brother. Oh, Father, we pray to this morning. Oh God, uh remember saints, even those who are screaming online, Lord, may you bless them abundantly. Oh God, even those who are on their way, bring them safely this morning. Give us a good and a great time of worship this morning. Oh God, let your fire fall. Let your glory fall. Oh father, we thank you. Oh God, fill this room with your spirit. Oh God, remember um sister Fatu's birthday, Elijah's birthday, and even those who having birthday this month, remember them in the mighty name of Jesus. Lord, we thank you. God bless the instrument. Bless every aspect of the service this morning. We thank you, oh Jesus. We bless your name. We give you glory and honor this morning. Bless each one of us, Lord. We thank and bless your holy name. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Put your hands together for Jesus this morning. We are excited to be here this [Music] [Applause] morning. Turn to your neighbor and say, "We are here to praise the most high God this morning." Turn to your neighbor and tell him. Tell your neighbor this morning. Amen. Let your neighbor know that you're here to praise him this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] As I travel through the big graves land, there is a friend who walks with me. lead me safely to the sea. His name is the Christ of Calary. This will be my prayer, Lord, each day to help me do the best I can. For I need a light to guide me day and night. Let's say Jesus hold my hand. Jesus hold my hand. I need the area to this big. Protect me by thy power. [Music] My people, oh Lord, look down on me. When I need prayer, I know I meant there Jesus for my head. Jesus for my help. Oh, hiding the area through the secret. Protect me by thy heart. Give my fe, oh Lord. Hallelujah. When I need first I know I meant to there blessed Jesus hold my hand. Let me travel in the light divine that I may see the same way. Give me that I may be holy. Thy mercy redemption song. Someday I will be a soldier pre and never take the take as I was go and he met the fless Jesus my hand. Jesus hold my hand. I need the [Music] every thy part in my fe. Oh Lord, look down on me when I need prayer. I know I miss you. Blessed Jesus for matter. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need the [Music] every protect me by thy heart. [Music] Oh Lord, look down on me as I kneel in prayer. I know I meant you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh my name. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Bless your name Jesus. Amen. Bless your name Jesus. Hallelujah. All right, we'll ask the deacons to go ahead and pick up the offering as we continue with the song service this [Music] morning. I love that man from [Music] Galilee. He has done so very much for me. He has forgive all my sins and left the Holy Ghost. I love the man from Galilee. I love the man from Galilee. He has done so very much for me. He has given me my sins and please the Holy Ghost. I love the man from Galilee. No public went to pray the temple. He cried, "Oh Lord, have me to me." He was [Music] forgi within of the man from Galilee. I love the man from Galilee. He has done so very much for me. He has forgiven my sins. I let the Holy Ghost. I love the man from Galilee. I love the man from Gal. He has done so very much for me. He's forgiven all my sins and the Holy Ghost with I love that man from Galilee. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Oh, what a mighty God. We serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. Jesus is the God we serve. [Music] Jesus is the God we serve. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, what a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God. Oh hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Oh what a mighty God. What a mighty God we serve. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we [Music] serve. Angels bow before me. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Oh what a mighty God. What a mighty God. Hallelujah. What a mighty God to [Music] reserve. Angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We must have to fear when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me. Hallelujah. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the [Music] victory. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. blessed Peter and may the God of my salvation be accepted. Magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Magnify the Lord with me for he is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and may the rock of my salvation be [Music] exalted. Magnify the Lord with me. for his worthy to be praised. Glory, glory to his name. He lives and reign forever more. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock, the rock of my salvation. Be exalted. Oh, magnify the Lord with me for his worthy to be praised. Magnify the Lord with me for his worthy to be praised. [Music] Jehovah Jesus is his name for he call my knees. Jehovah Jarah is his name for he proided all my peace. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and be the rock of my salvation. Exalt. Hallelujah. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock and may the rock of my salvation be exalted. Hallelujah. Clap your hands. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, give me all in my [Music] life. Give me all I pray. Give me all my love. Keep me running. Keep me running to the break of. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Oh king. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Oh give me joy in my life. Give me praise. Give me joy in my heart I pray. Give me joy in my heart. Give me praising. Give me praise into the break of things. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana of king. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Hallelujah. [Music] Saying hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Oh king. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana of kings. Sing hosana. Sing hosana. Sing hosana to the king. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Bless your name Jesus. Hallelujah. We are happy to be among the living this morning and that's why we are praising God. Hallelujah. But we are not better than those who are lying down motionless. They're unable to do anything but we thank God that we are here. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Amen. Step to your name and say God bless you this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Amen. Living below in this sinful world. a comfort and a hold. Striing alone to face temptation. So where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Where will I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help a Where could I go? Back to the Lord. Where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] Hallelujah. Needing a friend to happiness. Where could I go? All to the Lord. Life here is grand with friends I love so good. All I've g from God's own world. Hallelujah. But when I face the chil, where could I go but to the Lord? Where could I go? Where could I go? I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] in a friend to help me. Where could I go unto the [Music] Lord? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. That's our refuge. That's our confession this morning. Put your hands together for Jesus. Amen. Nothing can save us for the grace of God. Hallelujah. Amen. So, let's sing this song as we change the order of service. Oh yes. Just focus on him this morning as we prepare our heart to receive the message this morning. Thanking God for all that he has done. Focus on him this morning. Thank him and bless him. He's already done. It's already [Music] done. Battle is over. Victory is won. is already done. I have overcome. [Music] I have overcome the [Music] blessings for victory is one and I have overcome. Oh yes, it's already done. Oh Jesus is already done. Oh yes Lord, the battle is [Music] over and victory won. is already gone. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat for a while as we greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Uh uh you're all welcome to the house of the Lord this morning and we want to thank the Lord for his uh blessings giving us another opportunity to be in his house. Amen. Praise the Lord and uh we want to thank the Lord and for touching Sister Alice and to see her in church this morning. We thank the Lord for that the prayer request and uh Steve there feeling well this morning and had that prayer need going out there for him. So we just we just want to be grateful to the Lord. Amen. uh for watching over each and every one of us. Uh we want to remind ourself we have a communion service this evening at 400 pm. will be back here uh for the evening service and also we have a Easter services on on on the Easter weekend and uh I was not really sure what to do because uh uh this would be uh almost 20 years ago, our brother Dele and myself, we did some meetings over in Delbin, South Africa and uh uh and the brothers were they are planning to have brother Del. So uh one of the brother contacted me and was asking if I could come for for the Easter meeting since uh we came together that time and I was just caught in between whether I want to travel or not a fair mode of staying home than traveling. So I I really couldn't sign up for what to do on Easter. So I knew the other uh what I was gone or not that we would have some form of Easter services on the weekend. And then uh uh just because I couldn't really make up my mind whether I would travel or not. I was a little bit slow of letting you know what we would do on Easter weekend. Well, as the law will have it, brother uh Crosby uh Malleo from uh the UK, he was with us two years ago and uh uh he will be doing a wedding in Florida uh the weekend before Easter. So, he called me to let me know he will be in the States. So, I said, "Oh, yeah. I heard you'll be coming uh to do uh that wedding." a sister from his church. He's getting married there. So, uh so in in in uh in chance of talking then he asked me, "Oh, what are you doing for Easter?" I says, "Well, I I'm not traveling. I will be home." He says, "Well, okay. Since I will be in the States, maybe I will come and visit with you." I said, "Well, okay. Let's see how that will work." He said, "Well, I will get back to you." And then he called me uh I think some part of last week. He and his wife will be coming. So, we will have uh brother Crosby uh that weekend we'll have a Saturday night service and the Sunday morning that will that will be what we will do for Easter and uh uh we will bring greetings from uh brother Robert Wilson over in Chicago. He returned back from from Chad. He went on a missionary journey to Chad. I love brother Robert and uh uh I mean just his conviction, his burden, you know, he looks like a oneman soldier and uh and all the things that he's doing there. But he was telling me uh uh the Lord really blessed his trip this time. They uh they went down into the village of Chad and uh they got about uh about 60 plus people baptized in one of the villages there and then they went to another small village and they got uh some group of people baptized there also. So the chief of the village asked that uh the next time he come he going to baptize me. So I think that is a that is a that is a way to put in request to come back you know praise the Lord. But he was telling me uh uh what stood out to him on the trip was that they were returning back uh uh and then uh they were traveling through the night. So, this was almost about 1:30 2:00 a.m. in the morning. And while they were driving, you know, pitch black and uh uh there were two men that was standing right in the middle of the road just because the overhead bridge or the bridge across the river broke. So, if those men were not there, they were going to drive right into the river. So the man stopped them and told them the bridge is broke and they you know they have to use another road guided them and uh and then he said and he never thought anything of it and he was very grateful that the Lord provided somebody there but then one of the brothers the brother was telling he says brother it's strange you know uh that even the men that that gather us they never had light you know no touch light how you So uh and uh uh I mean when we drove taking another direction, I tried to look back to see where where these where these guys came from, you know, because he thought those were arm robbers, you know, that was trying to stop them and rob them, but it turned out to be that it was their savior trying to stop them and save them. Amen. And uh so he just said, "Well, you know, I I I never thought much about it, but I just want to thank the Lord for, you know, making provision and and saving us from from that uh what could have been a terrible terrible accident. Praise the Lord." Amen. During the week, uh uh we announced uh the home gloring of Brother Samuel Johnson. I think uh the family did veering on Friday and plan to do private burial and uh but while we were while we were texting and people brothers were sending their condolence, brother Ron Spencer uh uh sent his condolence and then in his condolence he dropped a testimony and I thought that I'll share that with you. It be a blessing this morning. He said just to share the testimony with you all a show many has heard. I had my usual brain scan this year for the first time in five years. It was clean. The doctor replied, "What a miracle." May this be the first of many skin that will have uh that I will have. We have a living supernatural God. They gave me four months when we started. Now is five years later. I have a clear brain scan. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Glory to God. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. I sure believe that there would have been an encouragement. Amen. So I couldn't keep it to myself. I rather share it with us all. And uh you know as I was as I read the the the testimony and uh you know uh give God praise in my own way. But then I was just thinking about it. I was just thinking about it, you know, uh uh how the Lord has used brother Ron Spencer condition to be a blessing for his people for the bride of Jesus Christ around the world in so much they are there. uh you know uh he has a he had a brain tumor, he had a lungs tumor, he almost had his entire body with uh uh you know uh cancer tumor and uh but yet in the midst of that uh you know uh uh brother has been preaching and uh he's just been goring. Praise the Lord. you know, the Lord has been giving him strength to go. He's just been going, doing, you know, the best that he can for the Lord. And uh uh as I was thinking about it, in my mind I was thinking I was saying uh you know when a man or a woman give their body to the Lord, dedicate themselves to the Lord. I just believe that the Lord choose to use our brother's body that he's the God that heal our diseases. Amen. And uh uh I mean with that the Lord has has put brother Ron in in such a place where his ministry has been tremendous you know healing discernments and uh I mean just just a beautiful beautiful uh piece of gift that God has given to to his people. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. We thank the Lord for that. We thank the Lord for that. you know when when we have uh uh illnesses or or whatever we deal with is one or two things and and sometimes we don't get to see that sometimes the Lord allow it for his glory you know and when God allow it for his glory he's going to use it for his glory praise the Lord amen and when there is something for the glory of God and we try to draw it into our pity you know to you know to to beg for hatred and cry for mercy. You we just missing the purpose, you know, we just missing the purpose. So we, you know, it's it's it's really good to be able to find find the word of God and understand, you know, what, you know, what what the Lord will be doing in that very moment. And uh and then it become a blessing to you and then it become a blessing to everybody that is around you. Praise the Lord. And I think uh that's that's that's beautiful. So we thank the Lord for that. Amen. He's a mighty God that we serve. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you, Elijah. Good to see you. Amen. Good to see you. Uh and uh there was some other things that were on my mind. Where have they gone? Praise the Lord. But uh the Lord bless you. Let's just stand on our feet. Uh uh okay. Uh I mean what what I wanted to say that uh for for those that were here uh for our our Sunday school tape this morning, we played uh uh Owens Jurgens in Supernatural on the life of brother Brandon. And uh I wanted to do that this morning. uh as as a tribute to uh to to brother Brandham uh instead of playing uh live story I choose to play there uh since today is brother Brandham's birthday or it will have been his birthday. Praise the Lord. So I thought we'll play something that will go that that would dramatize his birth and uh uh so that was the reason why we played that this morning. Amen. And we want to thank God for the gift that he gave us. Amen. The gift that he gave us. And he's been so so uh so so amazing. The more that I surrender. Let's just sing that song. Sing that chorus. Let's just sing that chorus and just worship a little bit. [Music] Heat. Heat. Lord, I love you more. Oh yes, the moon has surrendered. the light of my Lord. The more that I release my gifts, the more you take control, the more God that I can humble myself, the more you take me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you. Oh, let's sing it to him again. Oh yes, the moon that I surrendered, the light of my Lord, the world I release all my cares. The more you take control, oh the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live and Lord I love you. Let's sing it to you one more time. Oh, the moon that I surrender, the light of my Lord, the more that I release my gifts, the more you take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me Every day I love I love you. More of you. Let's play more of you. More of you. I had it all. Mold of you. more of you. I had it all of what I believe just for you. All things are. [Music] Oh yeah. My heart still empty and there Lord my friend I need more of you. Let's do it one more time. long of you. I had it all. What I need is more of you. All things I have by you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yeah, my soul hunger still empty and there our prayer. reading all of you. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father God, for the breath of life. Thank you, Father, for your life that is flowing through the veins of your people. Almighty God, we just thank you, Father, Lord God. Oh for the expression of appreciation Lord the expression Lord of gratitude oh father God. Oh Lord that we mortar can bring to you father Lord to say thank you. Thank you Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God father giving us another opportunity of coming into your house Lord. Father God precious Lord. Oh God every one of us Lord. Father, believers of this message, Lord, we want to thank you, Lord God, that Father, Lord God, this was the day, Lord God, that that uh angel of the Lord came down in that little cabin, Father Lord, you identify yourself, oh God, with a little child that was born of a drunken father, Lord God, a mother, Lord, that ran away from home, oh God. Father, Lord Jesus, just a young girl, Lord God. Father, it didn't handle you, Lord God, to still identify yourself with a gift, Lord, precious Lord. Oh God, we thank you. We thank you, Father. Lord God, that his ministry has been a blessing, Lord. He has gathered us from all around the world, Lord. Father, from different backgrounds, oh God. Lord, we just thank you, precious Lord. Father, we know that Lord God, it was never about the man William Brandom. It was about Jesus Christ. And father God that's that's word Lord God that's word Lord oh God when we say more of you is more of Jesus Christ is more of your presence is more of your oh God you having a preeminence in our life you bringing us Lord Father God Lord Jesus to the reality of what this word is all about. We just want to thank you. We appreciate you father. This is our humble way oh God. Father Lord of playing the tribute Lord God. Father and also Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God bringing thanks and appreciation to you. Bless us Lord Father as a people that are gathered here this morning. Oh God uh uh 6900 Humble Avenue. This is our location father God. Oh Lord God we pray. Father, may the angel of the covenant, Lord, come, Lord God, come, Lord Father, and identify yourself, Lord. Oh God, come down, Lord Father, this morning, Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, oh God, to identify yourself with our sacrifice of praise. We love you. We appreciate you. Come out of the pages of your word. Speak to our hearts this morning, Lord Father. Oh, we thank you. We love you. We appreciate you, oh God. Father with all the special needs Lord in our midst this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray oh God Lord Father the special prayer needs the burden in our hearts oh God we ask that father you will move on our behalf you will rebuke the enemy Lord Jesus in the name of the Lord God Almighty Father God we love you we thank you we glorify your holy name come bless your word to our hearts now in Jesus name we praymen Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Lord. He's worth it to be praised. He's worth it to be praised. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. Since we have a service this evening, uh uh uh we will not want to keep you too long this morning. So, thank you musicians. And let's just take our Bibles. Praise the Lord. We want to thank the Lord for the service on Wednesday. I think uh brother Ariel opened Easter for us on Wednesday and uh uh that was that was that was beautiful. Praise the Lord. That was beautiful. Amen. That was beautiful. Greetings from brother Fintech in Alaska and uh uh talked to him yesterday and he wanted me to send his greetings. I know there's another person in uh in the back part of my mind, but this morning I want to talk on a subject uh a word, a Hebrew word that caught my mind. Akidan is a Hebrew word that caught my mind during the week. I was I was uh uh studying and then uh reading something. That word caught my mind and uh uh I was just listening to to something and I went back and and started reading uh studying on the word. The word actually means bounding. It means bounding. You know the something that bounds together. And uh so we we want to go to Genesis chapter 22. Genesis chapter 22. That's where our reading will be from this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's that's that's where our reading will be from this morning. And uh um I hope I can be able to to uh bring to you this morning just the way that it was a blessing to me. If not, I will try the best that I can. Praise the Lord. Amen. Genesis chapter 22 and uh uh bounding Akidel Aikidel Genesis chapter 22. Let's just read u uh because there's a whole lot here in Genesis chapter 22 that we want. But let's read from verse 1 to8. Praise the Lord. And it came to pass after these things that God did tempt Abra Abraham and said unto him, Abraham, and he said, Behold, here I am. And uh he said, "Take now thy son, thine ownest son Isaac, whom thy loveth, and get thee into the land of Moriah, and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountains, which I will tell thee of." And Abraham arose up uh early in the morning and saddled his eyes and took two of his young men with him and Isaac his son and uh and clip the wood for the burnt offering and rose up and went onto the place of which God had told him. Then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place a far off. And Abraham said unto his young men, "Abide year, abide ye year, wave the eyes, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again unto you." And Abraham took the wood and the burnt offering and laid it upon Isaac his son. And he took the fire in his hands and the knife. And they and they went both of them together. And Isaac speak unto Abraham his father and said, "My father." And he answered, "Yeah, my son." And he said, "Behold the fire and the wood, but where is the lamb for a burnt offering?" And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself." Amen. Praise the Lord. Let us pray. Father, bless your word. As we want to just get right into it now, we just ask that father, you will uh come out of the pages of your word, Father. Lord and speak to our hearts, Lord, things of internal value this morning. We love you. We appreciate you in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's go there back to that verse eight. You can have your seat. And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself." Now read that slowly. Read that with attention. God will provide himself. Not God will provide for himself but God will provide himself. Is that are you getting it? Not God will provide for himself but God will provide himself. God will give himself. That's the meaning I want to bring to you. God is going to give himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. not provide for himself, not give something else, but he's going to give himself. Now, that's where I want I want us to be able to see the bounding. I want us to be able to see the arkine is uh is is is more than the way we think about it. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's more than the way that we think about it. It's more than the way that we say it. You know, Jehovah Gara, the Lord will provide. We just caught a shot. The Lord will provide. But when you look into the text as we as we read and I I would tell you I mean uh just looking at it this way it just it just opened a complete different I mean a complete different view to me of Genesis chapter 22 and that's what we want to look into this morning. Amen. God will provide himself. God give us himself not a second person. Not a third person. It was himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. When Adam fell in the Garden of Eden, God never sent a second person. God came down himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. that was to reconcile man. Genesis chapter 22 is a picture of Calvary. Are we together? Praise the Lord. So God will give himself to redeem us back. Praise the Lord. He gave himself to reconcile us. He gave himself to redeem us. And Paul in Thessalonians says the Lord himself shall descend. Right? So himself reconcile us, himself redeem us, himself will descend to take us back home. Praise the Lord. God himself. God will give himself. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord this morning. But let's go back. Let's go back to uh to the beginning of the of the chapter that we just read. Now you see uh this word this word akida this bonding word that's word uh uh in the Bible when the Bible says if two agree upon anything you know if two agree upon anything now you have to you have to realize that uh James said uh we ask in a mix that's why we don't get what we what we ask for. Amen. And sometimes that is the way our bounding is. Is it cold in here? Okay. So yeah, the way I see you folding and uh covering so I think uh uh our our trustees will help us with that or deacons whoever just give us a little bit heat. Don't put us on fire. just give us a little bit warmness. Amen. Oh, I miss pray Lord. He will have you all stand up right now and start doing higher higher just to make your blood start running in your vein. Oh man, it's a young man that is dear to my heart. Praise the Lord. So, well, uh that's that's where that that comes from. two will agree on anything. And uh uh you will see also in the scripture Jesus said uh uh uh what whatever you bound on earth is bound in heaven. Praise the Lord. Now you see the on on a on a coveting uh uh the coveting is based on the seriousness of the people. I was talking with a brother recently and we were just talking about one you know some few things and just fellowshipping together and uh you know uh you know as we're looking into so I I I throw a scenario before him and and uh and we were talking about we were just talking about some some marriage cases and marriage condition and then I asked the brother I say so how do we judge a a vow that is not in good faith and uh uh and you know he was talking and and as he was going on he was just uh uh saying some things to me and then he was paraphrasing something brother Brandham said you know to be able to bring me to this place then he mentioned the word intention I says that's my kid I told him I says that's what I have always used because you see uh uh uh when two persons make an agreement Amen. Our intentions can make that agreement stronger. Our intention can also make that agreement to be deceitful. Praise the Lord. When a man has a good intention, he's going to put all into it. He's going to know that I make this agreement. I must I will stand by it or I will die by it. Praise the Lord. But when your intention is not good, it influence your attitude. Praise the Lord. When a person intention is not right, it influence their attitude. What am I preaching this morning? Not marriage and divorce though. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm preaching the aid. Let me make sure that I stay on on on text here. Amen. Now, so you see uh a and that's that's where this thing is. The Bible says he could swear by no one else. He swore by himself. God hold himself responsible to bring his word to pass. Praise the Lord. You see, he's the God of accountability. He's not a blaming God. He don't blame the people. The people are up on earth. They're too lazy. They are backsliding. They are not serious. If God made a promise, he hold himself responsible to make sure that that promise come to pass. Praise the Lord. Amen. And that is the same reason why when we make a promise, when we use God's word to establish an agreement, we must hold our life to it. Praise the Lord. When we agree that wheresoever two or three were gathered and we agree together, we must hold ourself responsible. Are we together? Well, we come today. Let's just fellowship a little bit here. I'm getting excited. Amen. When I get excited, I get loud. Glory be to God. Then my girl says, "Daddy, what are you mad?" I say, "I'm excited. Daddy, what are you m I'm excited? Let's let's look here together verse one again in in chapter 22. Then it came to pass there there are some very beautiful beautiful gems right here in this chapter. It came to pass after these things after what you remember we we we took a while in the scripture looking at after these things something has happened. Okay, you can go back and look at that. That God tempted Abraham and said unto Abraham and and and and and said unto him, Abraham, and he said, behold, yeah, I am. And he said, take now thy son, thine own son. As I was studying this, you will realize that uh it's is it's beautiful. Uh uh three times in this chapter God use thine own son. Three times he used that thy son thy only son is is is an emphasis. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's an emphasis. Somebody says something it make me laugh. He says uh you know uh do you realize every time God speak to a man in the scripture he had to re-emphasize it because men don't hear the first time. Amen. Men don't hear the first time. You got to tell them more than once. Three times God emphasized that uh uh thy only son. Now there is something uh that is called the law of first mention. When you read it, when you're reading the word of God, you'll realize they are the sometimes the places where certain words are mentioned the first time, it hold a very great significance. Praise the Lord. Amen. The first time the word pleasure will be used in the Bible is when Sarah will say, "I'm old. Will I have pleasure with my with my Lord Abraham?" That's the first time that word pleasure will be used in the Bible. And now when you look here into this into this uh chapter, you will realize uh uh uh on his son D on his son. That's this is the first time is used and three times used in this chapter. Not not that one is not too strong to me. But you will also see here the Bible says that take thy only son uh uh uh uh take now thy son thy only son whom thy loveth. That's the first time the word love is used in the Bible. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's the first time the word love is used. Don't you see the the the beauty uh of the design of of of of God's mind? Praise the Lord. Amen. Love is expressed in different way. When God came down and say, "Adam, Adam, where are you?" It was God's love for them. Are we together? But the first time the word love is spelled out and used in our English Bible is in Genesis chapter 22. You can check that out if you find it before then you let me know now. So but the the beauty here is that uh you will see that before h behind this action behind what is taking place here in uh in Genesis chapter 2 God had a a a deep thought in his mind. The scene that he's building here, the scene that he's designing here is all about his internal purpose. Amen. His love for you and myself. Are we together? We have to realize that he's this great intent of God that you know that that that that fill all space and time you know and and uh and uh I mean uh uh he dwelt alone and and uh uh uh intended spirit but for him to be able to start to uh uh a time of creation start creation it was All because his expression of love he wanted to display his attribute. Amen. The Lord of first mention thine own son and also whom thou loveth. That's the first time is used in the Bible. Are we together? And then when you look look at the scene also the Bible says God is telling Abraham here take thy son whom thou loveth get thee to the land of Moriah and offer him there for a burnt offering upon one of the mountain which I will tell thee. Praise the Lord. And Abraham rose up early in the morning. So if we look at that scene, God spoke to him that night. Was it a dream? Was it a vision? But he knew because he was a man that was that was that that was on speaking terms with God. Amen. So he knew it was the voice of God. God spoke to him that night. The Bible says early in the morning, he rose up to set up. Now, so when when you look at that, what I see in that picture is that uh uh uh uh uh that instruction from God affected Abraham so much and Abraham took it serious, glory be to God, that he woke up early in the morning, no wasting time. But this is what I want to bring also out of that is that as far as Abraham was concerned Isaac was dead. Amen. Praise the Lord. Isaac was dead in Abraham mind because God told Abraham, "Offer your son, your only son." Abraham did not say it to Sarah. He never said it to the two young men that went with him. He never even said it to Isaac. He had it in his heart. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now the reason why I'm saying this, you're going to see that because when Abraham took off here chapter I mean verse four will tell us that on then on the third day Abraham lifted up his eyes and saw the place far off. Now the reason why I'm making that emphasis is because right lay in this chapter is one of the three days scene of the death burial and resurrection. Praise the Lord. So when God spoke to Abraham, when God commanded Abraham, Isaac was dead in his mind. Abraham went three days Praise the Lord. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Is is is God uh uh you know uh uh uh designing for telling us of what he was going to do? Are we together? So we see the the the the the only begotten son. We see the the the thine ownest son. We see God whom thy loveth. He's expressing thy ownest son who you love. And then we also seeing a three days journey. Praise the Lord. So on the tear then they identify the mountain. They got on top of the mountain and uh uh the altar was set and Isaac is saying everything is ready. Father, where is the sacrifice? Praise the Lord. Where is the lamb for the burnt offering? That's verse seven. And Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself." God will provide himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. He will provide himself a lamb. It's so subtle that it's easy to see the lamb and not to see that God become the lamb. Are we together? It's easy to see the lamb and it's is uh you know what it's hidden right there is God providing himself God giving himself. Praise the Lord. So you see it that when the three days journeying they got on top of the mountain Abraham bind the son he took the knife and the angel held his hand. So when Isaac came up from the altar, it was the resurrection. Praise the Lord. When Isaiah came when he lifted up from the altar to sit up because a ram was uh crying there or bleeding there in in in the ticket, that was the resurrection. Are we together? God provide himself. He gave himself in Eden to reconcile man. He gave himself uh uh on Calvary to redeem man. And the Lord himself will descend with a shout. Praise the Lord. The Lord himself will descend. The Lord will give himself Are we together? So you see this is a it's a it's a it's a very it's a very serious very very important thing. Amen. It's a bounding thing. And that's what I want to dwell on this uh uh you know this this morning. If you if you remember back uh uh I was I was looking at my note because I was looking for this quote that was back in uh 2019 2018 where we spoke on the bounding power. We spoke on the bounding power and and we read this from the uh uh sadician age. Uh I want to read it again. Satan is the greatest uh uh what is that surface? He has never been overcome in stripes of words. In divine service, the words of men are usually heard more than the words of God. each one chatter as he please or kill time by learn by learn uh uh discreision and disproving the views of others of the new birth and how a man must be changed into the likeness of Christ to become a partaker of his divine nature. Scarcely anything is said. Praise the Lord. Now, I've carried this for many, many years because it has been very, very important to me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because I mean, we can line up quotes. We can, you know, we can put our PowerPoint and put verses and and you know, and just show you where the scripture says it, show you where brother Brandham says it and show you and and then sometimes it can just be all to the place of just showing you how much I have studied on this subject and far from the reality of you connecting with the word because you see God's interest is to connect with you. That's the bounding power. Praise the Lord. Amen. His interest is to connect with us. He's not the God that uh that that is sitting in his in in in heaven on his throne in the way that the church want us to see. You see, because the the the the the way it has been presented to us, it has not given us enough fear for God because he's left in church. He's in heaven above. Praise the Lord. He's seen so much of a distance that if we can be so smart, there are things we can do and and you know when we get to church, we can meet him at church and settle it there. But that's not the God that we serve. Amen. He's a living God that is living among his people. He promised, I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. I will be with you. I'm even desiring to be in you. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's how much his interest is to us. That's how much close he want to be. That's how much bounding that God want to be. Praise the Lord. So you see the the the the the the ike there when when when when God made this promise, he was bounding himself. God will provide himself. Not provide for himself. He will provide himself. Are we together? He will give himself. He he he bound himself by his word. He bind himself by his promise. If he made a promise, he will follow it through. He's not leaving it up to you to figure it out. He will back that promise up by his presence. Are we together? of the new birth and how men must be changed into the likeness of Christ to become partakers of the divine nature. Scarcely anything is said of the power of the keys that was given to Peter, the keys of the church. The church has almost lost the power of bounding. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's what make our churches the way they are in this time that we are living in. Because man has not seen what the aid is. They have not seen the the the level of commitment. Praise the Lord. The level of commitment. That's the reason why Genesis chapter 15, God will come down and and and and and you know uh make a covenant with Abraham and and uh and and the principle of covenant will we we will be taught that how it was was that uh uh they take an animal they kill the animal and the two men that is agreeing on that covenant stand in the middle of the dead animal on their both side. Amen. They are making a covenant that if we don't keep our promises, we should be dead just like this this this animal is dead. Praise the Lord. Do you see that level of commitment, that level of dedication? Praise the Lord. Amen. We we can't you can't leave from that spot and and and and just come up with a different complete where I was just there. I just said that because I I just wanted to say it. It does not work that way. Praise the Lord. It does not work that way. that that very that very uh h principle that very principle that God engaged himself in when he decided to h create a universe and decided to to to to make man to dwell on the earth. God held himself responsible. He held himself to a commitment to a coveting. Praise the Lord. Are we together? So when he call us, he call us also to that level of commitment. And everything that is done under the Christian faith is also done to that level of commitment. Just like I said earlier, when we when we when we make a choice and we give our heart to the Lord and says uh uh uh uh you know I accept the Lord Jesus as my Lord and Savior. Praise the Lord. God is committed to that. Are we committed to it? Praise the Lord. Are we committed to it? Do we just take it like uh h I mean just it's it's just a club another club we are joining. It's just another society that we have joining. And sometimes we can take it in a very extreme level where it looks like we have joined a c. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see the danger of of joining a cut is they there you know you can stand for all the radical ideas when you are in the midst of your radical friends but sometimes when you are not there you really don't believe it you just got to stand for it because if you don't stand with them you might lose your life they might turn against you there is nothing that really bring half conviction than the Holy Ghost. That's the reason why every form of religion will give you rules that you have to observe. You can do this, you can do that, you can do this, you can do that because that's the only way they can keep you. It does not have a power to change your heart, to convict you, to change your heart and have you to conform to that as as something that you can die for. Praise the Lord. There was a case many many I mean some some time ago I I read that to you. There was a case one time in the United States and uh uh it had to do with the court, the Supreme Court and a Christian belief. And the Supreme Court of the United States came up with this verdict that when you say you have a is your conviction, it must be something you can die for, not something you just believe. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you say it's my conviction for me to dress like this or it's my conviction for me to, you know, raise my child like this, it has to be something that you have given your life over that I can die for this. If you can die for it, even the highest court in the land don't take you serious. Praise the Lord. So it it comes back to standing in the midst of a dead animal. If I if if if I don't keep my agreement, let me be as dead as this animal. That was just how serious men talk uh uh their covenant, their agreement. Praise the Lord. Amen. People don't see it like like that. Society has been able to def define what our marriage agreement is, what our family agreement is, how the church must must must must uh must be kept. We come up with different matter and God's principle is left out. One faith, one love, one baptism. Are we together? The church is losing her bounding power. Praise the Lord. So we have to come up with different different programs so we can keep people. We got to do things and and you know and and and just come up with different different form. Oh, let's let's do these things for the for the ladies. Let's do this other things for you know for for the men's society. Let's do this just coming up with different things because we we are losing what's supposed to keep us. What's supposed to keep us is the importance that each one of us put on the word of God. how we take God's word serious that God means what he says and he says what he means. Praise the Lord. Until we until by the grace of God we have grown to death, we will not have enough to keep us in the days of trials. We will not have enough to keep us when everything is against us. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why people can, you know, they can just they can throw their entire life through the window. Throw their the life of their children and and family through the window because they don't take vows serious. Praise the Lord. That's what the Hebrews call the iikida. That bounding. Glory be to God. Amen. Think about it this way. God came to Abraham and tell Abraham, wake him up. What? It was a vision. Abraham, take thy thy son, thy own son, whom thy loveth. Amen. Watch this. Now, it's not a dialogue where God is telling Abraham, Abraham, okay, will you be able to give Isaac to me if I really want him? Praise the Lord. I I believe if if God will have said that Abraham will have said to him, but you say I will be a father of nations. You you told me I will be a father of nation through the child I will have with Sarah. Then now now you are telling me I should give him to you. Praise the Lord. Well, you know, yeah. Yeah, I said that. uh you you you can you trust me? Praise the Lord. Now, what what way I'm trying to bring you there is that uh if there if it was a dialogue between between uh uh uh God and Abraham on the matter, they would have come to some form of agreement. Abraham will have understand the contract. But it was there was not a dialogue. God says, "Take that son, thy only son you love, and offer him to me." Praise the Lord. No dialogue. Praise the Lord. So in this case, who is solely responsible? God is solely responsible because he does not have an agreement with Abraham how this thing is going to turn up. He's giving Abraham an instruction, a commandment. Take thy son, thy own son. Are we together? Amen. Now, oh, this is becoming wonderful. Now you will see when it gets to the place where Abraham is telling his father the altar is ready, everything is set. Where is the sacrifice? Abraham cannot tell Isaac that well God and myself decided that the sacrifice will come like this. No, he said God will provide himself. He did it by himself. He came to this decision by himself. Praise the Lord. Are we together? God will provide himself. Are we together? Why? Because he decided, he came up with this. Everything that Abraham knew about it, he just kept it in his heart. Things that were that were so heavy to alter in so much not even knowing how it would turn out. He told the two young men, "You're with for me here. Me and the lair we going up there to offer and we will come back." Amen. He never said, "I will come back." Those guys were asking, "But then what will happen to Isaac? He said, "Y'all wait for me here. We're going up there and we will come back." Are we together? Amen. Because said now he's dealing with a with a with h a god that have that have come up with this thing by himself. He had decided to, you know, h take the only evidence that he gave to Abraham. Of all of these years that Abraham has passed with his testimony, I will become the father of many nation. God that gave the promise is the one man that is telling Abraham to destroy the only evidence. Glory be to God. You see why we see less of God in our life is how much serious seriousness we put on his word. How much we take his promises to be serious. Amen. He say his word is y and amen. When he says it, he mean it. Praise the Lord. But you see we come up with so many reason so many reason why we think that the word does not really means what it says and all of those things weaken the effect of the word of God in our life. Are we together? Oh, praise the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Agapo gave the scripture says here in plain now this uh uh uh uh Genesis say John 3:16 for God so loved the word that he gave. Amen. Praise the Lord. His love gave. And when his love gave, he never gave anything lesser. Praise the Lord. He gave himself. Glory be to God. He gave himself. That is the reason why uh uh the the trinity teaching has been a very uh uh troubling teaching all through the church ages. Great men and they have they have got right in there to be able to steady the the you know uh everything around around trinity. Praise the Lord. Why? Because it's represented in nature. We are trinity body, spirit and soul. Praise the Lord. The trinity teaching is is wrong when it's applied to God because he's just one. He's not three person in one. is just one. The trinity teaching apply more when that one god in his dealing with us. Are we together? Like John will says there the uh uh uh uh in uh in his episode, there are three that bear record. Amen. The water, the blood, and the spirit that have to do with us. It don't have to do with God. Are we together? So, but the whole thing has been twisted around where we have make a three person in heaven. We have make a a a father, a son and and the holy ghost that have to make some kind of a decision. Praise the Lord. When God was manifesting himself in a way that he was dealing with man, he he he show himself to the fathers through vision and different thing in a fatherhood. The way he dealt with them. Are we together? He gave us a body that he came and dwar that was born like we all were born. Praise the Lord. Amen. And he dwed in that body to be able to redeem us. He took a sunship to be able to identify himself with us. And now he broke out his great internal spirit and gave each and every one of us a portion of it. Praise the Lord. Is it the same one God? Are we together? But you see the the the the the the confusion of the teaching. I believe the devil right on this teaching to put the church into confusion. Why? Because because of that the church lost its bounding power. Praise the Lord. I read this to you in a deity of Jesus Christ. Now look, I want you to notice something. Then when this the only way that God himself could ever redeem this man was to come down and take his place, God himself. Amen. We are looking at what what Abraham say out of prophecy. God will provide himself. He will provide himself. God will come down himself in your situation. Praise the Lord. Amen. God will come down himself when it comes to your healing. God will come down himself because he's the Lord that healeth our diseases. That's how much he want to be involved. That's how much he is involved in our lives. Praise the Lord. not just giving us a second part of himself or the third part of himself, but he's giving us his fullness. Are we together? He swore by himself and God himself coming out of the spirit went into Christ. And the Bible said that God was in Christ reconciling the word to himself. Is that right? God himself, Jehovah, live in Christ and was made a kinsman to us because he was born in him of flesh like we are. Praise the Lord. Amen. where where the the the the the church world struggle is we reduce God. If if if if we if we can leave him as a as the the father, the great one there, you know, and and and and you know, and this is the son, the lesser one that died on the cross and and and and we have the Holy Ghost, you know, the one that we can, but the father, the the thought there is that if we just make God to be the one that was born in the manger and the one that died on the cross, like the Muslim would say, "Oh, you're God down. If Jesus was God, then God died on the cross." Praise the Lord. So it it looks terrible in the mind of the Christian because the mystery that is tied around it. It looks terrible that we are reducing God to say that God is in you and God is in me and God is in us. And yet we have our human struggle. Are are we not reducing God? But it's the mystery of the greatness of God. Praise the Lord. The mystery of his greatness. Like Paul says, without controversy, great is the mystery of godliness. Amen. the mystery of his godliness that you know in his godliness and in his holiness and in his greatness he can still reduce himself or humble himself and come to our level. Praise the Lord. That is the mystery of his greatness. But where the trouble is, the trouble is our part of the agreement. God take his word serious. He take his promises serious. But do we do the same? Praise the Lord. Amen. Do we do the same? Do we take him at his word? Glory be to God. Amen. Are we are we seeing God providing himself in our situation? No matter what what we are dealing with, can we able to be able to see God providing himself? Can we able to see God stepping into our situation? Oh yeah, we believe that God can do it. We believe that I mean there is nothing impossible with God but a little sense of fear is there. I don't know when. I don't know how. Praise the Lord. Amen. So that little sense of fear of I don't know when. I don't know how reduce our commitment. Oh yeah. We believe the word of God. We believe that God word is true. We believe that God is powerful. He's a miracle working God. He healed this person. He's going to heal us. But that little question in the back of our mind when how is it going to happen? Praise the Lord. When when we start playing in that realm of when and how, then it affect our commitment. We we are no longer bounding ourself again to that promise. Then we start slacking. We start finding other alternative. We start making excuses. Praise the Lord. We start making excuses. We start fighting against the very principle that we say we believe. Are we together? Amen. You will realize that the man on the road of Emas when brother Abraham talks about that he talks about uh uh the the rapture when Jesus says no man know the date and the hour. He let us know that the two things that is hid in there is the how and the when the mystery of the coming of the Lord. That's the two things that God kept to himself. If not he gave us lot of symbols in the Bible how he will come. Amen. There are a lot of types in the scripture that reveal how he's going to come. Are we together? You see, so as we as we look at this this morning and um I I need a closeup here since we have to come back this evening uh uh for our prayer meeting and communion service. That's that's that's that's what I want to drive to because the the the the the whole thing that captured my mind on this subject and not only with the church. It's affecting every every part of our lives. Amen. Our commitment to our vow, our commitment to our promises, our commitment to our promises. Glory be to God. We take the Lord's name in in in baptism. You know, we made that promise to him. We serve him all the days of our lives. It's a everyday commitment. It's wherever we are. It's in whatever we are doing. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's not only a commitment that we made when we when we wear our best to come to church on Sunday. It's a commitment, a everyday commitment every aspect of our life in everything that we are doing. Praise the Lord. You will see that is the reason why men of all you know men of all the that they spend their lives they spend their lives for for the kingdom of God. They spend their life they spend everything they have for for this calling that they had. Glory be to God. our age. Since it's a harvest age, it looks like we are gathering everything. We don't want to spend it. We we want to just take and gather and gather. We are in harvest age. So, you know, harvest time is gathering time. But that's that is the thing that was in my mind. That's that is the thing that uh I was I was laboring on when I was thinking about this. Praise the Lord. Amen. The church is failing today because she's very weak on her commitment. Praise the Lord. God is willing and determined and he goes beyond because it is his word that is at stake. is his promise that is at stake. Praise the Lord. If he can find a man or find a woman that can take his word serious that he means what he says and he says what he means that no matter what the situation is, God will provide himself. And I'm not going to take nothing less than himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. But the church will settle for any little thing. Anything that you can you you know you can bring and and y'all can just agree on they will settle for it. But those things will not last. We have settled for doctrines. We have settled for teachings. We are stay here. We realize that those things never kept us. As good as the word, only thing that keep is him. Praise the Lord. Is him. That's the reason why he didn't give us nothing less than himself. Amen. We are feeding on the body word of the son of God, the son of man. Praise the Lord. Jesus symbolically he says take this bread, eat this is my body. Take this uh uh wine, drink it represent my blood. I'm making a covenant with you. You see how how how much he wanted to be so much bound with his people. Praise the Lord. God will provide himself. Glory be to God. In as much as God has given us gifts, when he ascended on high, he gave gifts. He has given us a five-fold ministry. He has given us nine spiritual gifts. They all in the scripture is all there for us for our benefit. Praise the Lord. But the guest will never take the place of the giver. Amen. He don't want you to just stick with the gift. He want you to get the giver. Amen. He don't want you to just fall in love with the wrap that is on the gift. He want you to open it. Praise the Lord. Open the wrap. Get beyond the wrap. The preacher is just a rap. Amen. The singer is just a rap. The people that that God put in our life to be blessing to us, they they are just wrapping his present. He want you to get beyond that. Are we together? We get we get so satisfied and uh and then we slack in those things. God will provide himself. Amen. He's reminding us he will keep his word here. I mean what whatever he have said he going to do it. And that's the place I want to bring us this morning as a church, as a church, as a family. Praise the Lord. Even in our household, even in our house as a family, if we don't come to the consciousness that this is our home and we don't hold ourself responsible for the best of this home. Amen. We are responsible to feed this home. We are responsible to make sure that is clean. We are responsible. We get in the in the place of distributing work and then you never did this. We are part of this house. Praise the Lord. If we don't hold ourself responsible, that house is going to fail. Praise the Lord. Our selfish attitude is going to make the house fail because we have already playing in our mind who to blame. We are never responsible for what is happening. The lack of commitment, the lack of commitment, that's what is destroying our society, is destroying our homes. Amen. The lack of commitment to our children is destroying them. Praise the Lord. We have to realize that we must hold ourself responsible. We are in this thing to to fight. Praise the Lord. If you want a good health, you got to fight for it. You must hold yourself responsible. Oh, this is the doctor that ordered the medication. Okay. Yeah. He told you how to take it. It's not going in his body. It's going in your body. You have to observe yourself. See how it's treating your body. Amen. If you are not feeling good about it, stop taking it. Go back to the doctor. Look, I'm taking this thing. It's swinking my eyes. Oh, it's the doctor that say I should take it. It's the doctor that say I should take it and I will be dead and the doctor will still be living. He will go on with his job. A lack of accountability. We are living in the blaming society. Everybody is responsible for it, not me. Praise the Lord. But you see, God is making us to see that he's responsible for this universe. He's telling you that if you look at what is happening around you now, if you look at what is happening, if you look into his word, you will realize that he's responsible for it. because his word said it. He raises power. He puts power down. He raises government. He puts government down. He want us to hold him responsible, not Donald Trump, Democrat and Republican, because we feed into those things and then it takes us from the reality of what is happening because we're not looking into the word of God. We're not taking the word serious, the promise of our day, the things that he said will happen. The same way he spoke about war powers, political powers, the economy, the same way he spoke about all of that, he also spoke about his sons and his daughters. Praise the Lord. Amen. He spoke about his sons and his daughters, how his church will be in the last day. What will happen to the people? Daniel said they did uh h fear the Lord. Amen. We do exploit. He said it that if we take his word serious and we cling to the field of the Lord, he will do X plus in our life. If the economy is not going for everybody, it would not be for us. He said, "I am the Lord that health all your diseases." Praise the Lord. If we take him serious at his word and we come under the shelter of his wings, are you are you are you are you there with me this morning or I'm just in my own space? Oh, I'm just blocked in my mind. The same thing with our family. The same thing with our home. The same thing with the church of the living God. If if it just become a place where we come to pass time on on Sunday morning, then you wasting your own time. You wasting your own time. You better look into this thing and take it serious. What am I doing here? What do I come here for? What is what this is all about? Because God is committed to his word. He's committed to his promises. We are the one that are slacking. We are the one that are making excuses. We are the one that are destroying the very thing that God has placed in our hands. He trusts us with children. He trusts us with a with a spouse. Whether male or female, our irresponsible attitude is destroying that. We are the one destroying it. Are we together? The word teaches us everything that we should go through. They first tell us repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. That's what the word says. Do we take that serious or we go into all the argument of which baptism is right? Is it front? Is it back f? Which one is right? We go into all of those kind of argument and before we we realize the importance is lost. We are just caught up in theory. We do it to to to praise ourself. It looks like a ceremony. Everybody come and see me getting baptized. It's all about us. The real thing is not there. Praise the Lord. Amen. The real thing is not there. We have made this whole life about us. When he said in his word that he made up for his purpose. We are not seeking his purpose. We are just looking for our pleasing. What please us. And when it don't please us, it's not right, it's not good, and we complain, we fuss about it. But what is his purpose? Why if he put you there for for that purpose? Are we together? That's what Easter is all about. God provide himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. God provide himself. And until we get himself, until we get him, let's not settle for church membership. Let's not settle for the music and everything that God give. They're all wonderful, but let's look for that one that has gi himself. The musicians can come. It's all about commitment, people. It's all about commitment. Praise the Lord. when you made that commitment to take on his name and get identified with him. He's right there to stand with you. Praise the Lord. He's right there to keep his word. He's right there to follow through. But it looks like every time he's coming closer, we are taking one step backward. Amen. It's all about commitment that the Almighty God, think about it now, that the Almighty God will take fallen men, will take sinners and he will bring us into a coveting. A holy God will take us born in sin ship in iniquity and bring us to a coveting. How much more when we take ourself into coveting, how much more considerate we need to be, how much how much patience we need to have with one another. How much we have to be willing to help one another to become better. We can make God better. He's so patient with us because he knows what we are made out of. He want to help us to become better. Then why can't we think about it? Why should I think that my pastor is a perfect man? Why should I think that oh the brother there supposed to know better? Why should I think that oh I mean my wife supposed to know better. She's a per No. Why? Why should we look for the perfection in one another? [Music] Now, when you begin to look at things like that, you realize that I need to step up in my commitment. If I'm going to make the family life better, I need to step up in my commitment. If I'm going to make the life of my children better, I need to step up in my commitment. If I if I'm going to make the church to be a better place for me and my family, I need to step up in my commitment. I have to know what what this is all about. [Music] They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. We shall mount up with weight as a go. Oh, they shall run and I be where they shall. Oh, and I fear. Yes. Teach me Lord. Oh, teach me Lord to. Oh yeah. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew. All their strength they shall bow up with wings as they go. Oh yeah, they shall run and be weary. Yeah, they shall go. Oh, and I So, teach me Lord, teach me Lord to me. Let's sing that one more time now. Oh yeah. Be thy wait upon the world shall renew. Yes. Straight Lord, they shall mountain with peace as an eagle. Oh Lord, they shall run. together and never teach me Lord. Oh, please teach me all to win. You think about this this morning before we pray. The kind of an attitude where we have and little things come up, we really to quit. No, I'm I'm tired. I'm I'm quing. What if God was taking that attitude to us? Quitting is not even in his mind. Why? Because he committed himself even before he brought us on the earth. Oh, I'm just tired with these people on the earth. I'm I'm tired with all the the, you know, the abuse, the drugs, and everything. I'm just going to quit. I'm going to fold everything. It's not part of [Music] him. You see, when when you when you get into a commitment and you don't you don't you don't have quitting as an option. If you don't have quitting as an as an option, you are motivated every day to fight. No matter how things be combined, you you are able to dash yourself in it because quitting is not an option for you. You ready to fight to your last birth? I rather die trying than quitting. Praise the Lord. People that quit, they have bunch of excuse. They feed on those excuses. That is the problem with our society. Our skill of commitment is very [Music] weak. We will promise to do this before we realize you back off. You make an excuse and leave it. [Music] We make excuses that, oh yeah, I'm, you know, I'm a human. Yeah, we are humans. [Music] We will always fail. We will always make mistakes. But let's hold oursel to high standard as sons and daughters of God. Let's hold oursel to the place where we realize that it's our calling. Whichever way, whatever it has to take for us to make it [Music] right. They walk years, they'll never fail. So teach me Lord, teach me Lord. Let's pray together by the music softly playing. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, I just had this thought on my heart during the entire week, Lord. How the church is losing its bounding power. The thing that's supposed to keep us together. It's not the numbers. It's the importance we put on your word. It's how much we take your word [Music] serious. It's how much we are willing to commit ourself to your word and not to make excuses. The position of the believer is to repent, not make [Music] excuses. We must be repenting and saying, "Lord, forgive me. Lord, help me. Forgive me. And I'm failing on your word, not making [Music] excuses. We have become so weak in our praying commitment. We have become so weak. How are we going to take the word serious if we are not in the word? And that is beginning to affect things around us. [Music] [Music] But when God made his promise, he didn't promise to give us anything less than himself. He did not promise to give us anything less than himself. Heavenly Father is our need, Lord. Father, we have believed for many years you have us on the corner of the street for the purpose. Father, Lord God, we are still yet to rise up to that purpose. Lord, we are still here. Oh God, just like you didn't tell Abraham everything, you just told him your only son and father. And so we want to commit ourself. Abraham committed himself to that calling. The Bible say he woke up early in the morning and he set up on the [Music] joining. Father, help us in our commitment. Our commitment to our very self. our commitment to the ones you have put around [Music] us. [Music] Father, we just pray that Lord God, you will stir our hearts. Oh Lord, help us Lord Jesus. Father, there are souls, there are people, Lord, that are that are longing, Lord. [Music] God, the church world has make just a poor example. [Music] Christian is just look looking like another bad word that is used in the society. But father Lord you said the creation waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. We want to commit ourself to that Lord and say, "Father, take us out of our laziness, oh God. Take us out of our walliness, Lord. [Music] Father, let's realize, oh God, Father, that when we take on your name, the Bible says, "Let them that name the name of Christ depart from evil, depart from iniquity, depart from sin. [Music] And father this afternoon we just pray for our local assembly Lord God as we trust Lord and pray that God you will raise up men and women Lord Father that would take your word serious now God knowing that Father when we come here Lord there is one thing oh All father that have the preeeminence Lord is you and your word. We love the brothers. We love the sisters. Oh God, we don't come to celebrate a man. We come to celebrate [Music] you, Father. And even in our family lives. Help us Lord [Music] Jesus. Our commitment to the children, our commitment to our spouses, our commitment to our our vow, our [Music] promises as we would trust you, Father, for the service this evening. We pray that Lord God your grace will be with each and every one of us now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's uh stand up. We sing that song at Calvary. Yes. I spent validating pride in vanity and pride. carrying not my Lord was crucified. No way was me to die and calary. Mercy was great and grace was free. [Music] burden there was multiplied to me. There my burden so far liberty at Calary. I go forth across my se [Music] I tremble at the law I spawn till my guilt is all in return to calary halleluah was greater and grace was free. The burden that was multiplied to [Music] me for liberty had calary. Hallelujah. We are dismissed. We'll be coming back at 4:00. So, let's go and prepare oursel for the communion this afternoon. God bless you all. Amen. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Yes, the name of Jesus. He must have to fear when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory to [Music] reuses. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory.
