################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - 04-19-2025 Saturday Easter Service Brother Crosby - He Sat Down - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-19
Title:    04-19-2025 Saturday Easter Service: Brother Crosby - He Sat Down
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 44m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dL7sFplRXeA
========================================

Description:
Saturday Online Service will start at 7:00 PM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Oh to Jesus. Jesus I surrender all to him I freely give. I will ever love and trusting in his presence daily. I surrender all. I [Music] surrender all to thee. [Music] Blessed Savior, I [Music] surrender all. All to Jesus I [Music] surrender. All the earth is feet I bow. Ally pleasures all forsake. Take me Jesus. Take me now. I surrender all. I surrender all. All for bee my blessed savior I sder. Oh let's go ahead and stand. Put your hands together for Jesus tonight. What a joy. What a blessing. Trust into your liver and say God bless you tonight. We thank the almighty God for his goodness. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. All right, let's go ahead and pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you, oh God, for your grace and your mercy that's so sufficient for us, Lord. We thank you, Father, for making it possible for us to gather again today. What a joy. What a privilege. We thank you God for such a wonderful reading. Oh God, may you bless the service of today. Bless the song service. Bless the the preacher of the hour. Oh God, we thank you father for even those home who are screaming on the line. Even those who are trying to make their way here, Lord, may you bring them safely. We thank you God for a wonderful time of worship. Oh God. Lord, I thank you God for all those needs that we have as we bring it before you tonight. Oh God, may you bless those needs. So God strengthen us and be with us all. We thank you, oh father, and we bless your holy name. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Put your hands together for Jesus tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. It's a blessing and a joy, a privilege for us to gather again. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Pass me not, oh gentle savior, hear my humble cry. My long star was smiling. Do not pass me by. Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While on other thou art [Music] calling, do not pass me by. Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. Silent others thou are calling. Do not pass me by. Let me at the throne of mercy. Find a sweet [Music] relief needing deep [Music] cont. Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. I am on earth now. Do not pass me by. Trust in only in thy mer and see thy face. Heal my wound and broken spirit. Save me by thy grace. Saveior, save, hear my humble cry. Cry on others. Thou art calling. Do not pass me by. Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While another star was smiling, do you not pass me by? Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Saveior. Savior. Hear my humble cry. on others. Now I'm falling. Do not pass me by. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and sit. We have a special tonight. Um let's go ahead and sit please. So we have um brother Ariel Ariel treasure redeem and grace. God bless you. [Music] Jesus to the garden. Still his steps were heavy and slow. Love and a prayer took him there to the place only he could go. Get Jesus loves me. So he went willingly to get money. He felt all that was said, wicked or bad, all the pain we would never know. While his friends were asleep, he thought to keep his promise made long ago. Guess money. Jesus loves me. So he went willingly to get money. The hardest thing that ever was done. The greatest pain that ever was known. The biggest battle that ever was won. This was done by Jesus. The fight was won by Jesus. [Music] Jesus loves me. So he gave his gift to me in Gethsemane. Yes, I need Jesus loves me. So he gave his gift to me. From Gethsemane from Gethsemane. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Let's clap for Jesus. Amen. Amen. Let's go ahead and stand as we continue the song service and we bless God for tonight. Amen. [Music] Burn, burn, Holy Spirit, burn in me. Set my soul on fire. Fill me with the Holy Ghost and set God's full desire. Make me like that Christ of Lord, healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus heard through the water shed. Bread. Holy Spirit burn in me. Set my heart on fire. Hallelujah. It's God's desire. Make me like a cross of all healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus heard through the father's portion. Hallelujah. [Music] Make me feel like Christ of all healing and raising the dead. Give me the power that Jesus heard through the blood that was shed. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. Dear will have to be when we come in the name of Jesus. And who can steady in the precious name of Jesus we have the [Music] victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. The mouth will have to be when we come in the name of Jesus. Who can stand before in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. I will enter his gate with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his glor with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice. Hallelujah. He has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will [Music] enter. I will enter his court with praise. I will sing it in the day as the Lord has. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. [Music] Hallelujah. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has sent me leading to [Music] me for all [Music] leading on the heavenlasting earth for we areing [Music] Leading safe and secure from all I have leading on everlasting love. What a fellowship. What a joy he [Music] find everlasting. What our blessedness, what our peace is my honor. Oh, we are [Music] leading secure from all our love. Fing on a revel. Oh, how [Music] sweet. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, good to be on the river. Oh, we are leading people from all feeding feeding feeding on the everlasting your hands. [Music] Oh, we are safe and secure from all our love. lean in on the [Music] everlasting. Hallelujah. You believe God, shout glory tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. We are leaning on God's hand. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. All right, let's sing this song as [Music] [Music] we sing the wonderous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace in a manion bright and blessed is a place when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing there will be. When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout our victory. When we all get to him. What a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout our victory. [Music] Why we walk our way down [Music] over when we things are over shadow when we all get to heaven for a day of rejoicing there will be When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout our victory. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Oh, when we all when we all get to heaven. On a day of rejoicing, our king when we all see Jesus will sing and shout our victory. [Music] All you to the [Music] bright will be home soon. We shall dread the street of gold when we all hallelujah get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing there will be when we all see Jesus who will sing and shout a victory when we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing there will be. When we all see Jesus, you will sing a shout of [Music] victory. When we all get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing will be. When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout of victory. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. What a joy. What a blessing and what a privilege. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. Amen. Bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. All right, let's sing this song as we change the order of service. Just focus on him tonight. Give him your all in all. Meditate on him. The name of Jesus, the strong tower, the name above all name. Bless your name Jesus. Tonight as we gather, just give him your everything [Music] tonight. down from his glory. Ever live in story. My God and Savior, King and Jesus was his name. All in a manger to his own a strangeanger and man all sorrows tears and tears go Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him. [Music] My breath, my soul shine, my all in all. The great [Music] creator became my savior. Let all God's fullness dwell in me. had [Music] condemnation, bringing us redemption in the dead of night, not one faith inside. God's gracious [Music] tender. Lead aside his land. Stop to win to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. Oh, how I adore him. My breath, my soul shine. My all in all the great creator became my savior and God of holiness dwelling in Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus tonight. Amen. All right. Well, um I think God bless you, brother Sam Chaser. Um you have a song for us as we invite pastor to come up tonight, brother. All right. So you can have you can come and just give us a song as you will invite the pastor to come. God bless you. All right, let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. [Music] House of the Lord this Wednesday, Saturday evening. Let us sing this song. Cast your burdens unto Jesus because he cares for you. Amen. Hallelujah. And we're going to stomp the devil lower because he belongs beneath our feet. He has no right over you. He has no right over your children or your loved ones. Amen. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Oh cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares. Lift him higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift. Lift Jesus higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. Lift Jesus higher. Higher. Higher. Lift him [Music] higher. Lift Jesus higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. [Music] Stomp Satan lower him lower. Lower stomp him [Music] lower. Stomp Satan. I know you fished up and lower, lower, lower. Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher. Lift him higher. Lift Jesus higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. That's your burdens. Cast your unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares. Let's lift him higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. Lift him higher. Higher, higher. Lift them higher. Praise him higher. Higher, higher. Stomp Satan low. Stomp him low. Stomp him low. Storm the devil. Keep him low. Keep him low. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares. Cast your burdens. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. [Music] Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, higher, higher. Jesus higher. [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Actually, this service supposed to be a celebration service. Amen. Amen. It's supposed So, I don't know if you brought your dancing shoes. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's supposed to be a celebration service. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Because we are yet to rejoice in the resurrection. That's what it's all about. We are not here to mourn. Amen. Praise the Lord. We are not here to feel sorry. God is not going to pay attention to you if you feel sorry. We are here to rejoice in the resurrection. Amen. God bless you. The Lord bless you. Have your seat for a while and then uh uh you tie your your dancing shoes and you know if you want to change you you change swift them around. Praise the Lord. Uh we we greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh I will first start uh apologizing. We should have made this weekend very very different. And uh at first I thought uh we were going to do something with the group down in Iowa. They had another plan. It couldn't work. I was supposed to be overseas and then uh it also couldn't work because I didn't wanted to go. So I was thinking what are we going to do this weekend? I had in my mind we will have a Saturday night and a Sunday morning uh service and then right in you know thinking about what to do I heard B Crosby will be doing the wedding over in Miami. So uh and then he called me he actually called me from Zimbabwe to tell me he would be in the country and uh which of course I I thought that was that was very that was very honorable of him to let us know he will be around. So I I just I just try my luck. I said let me just cast my net and see if it will work you know. So I I asked him I says, "Well, I don't know what you'll be doing, but you know, I don't know if you are able to stay over, you know, uh this this weekend is is is very is very very special, you know, for for local pastors. Every pastor want to make sure that they are they are celebrating the resurrection at home or they have something going for their church. So it's very difficult to ask a pastor to come and stay the weekend uh with you for Easter." But uh he said, "Well, let me get back to you." And uh uh I already have something I committed myself to, but let me get back to you. Okay. So, I said, "Well, okay. I I think that's uh that was a nice nice way to to be able to respond and and I was waiting and uh but if I knew I should have just get to work and start planning for the for the Friday night and uh Saturday night and uh uh Saturday morning and Saturday evening and just praise the Lord. Amen. I remember one year that we brought brother Chris Farmer and we had a allnight Friday to the morning and then we had a Saturday night service for him and then we had a sunrise service for him to preach and then he preached the main service. Brother Cliff, every time we meet, he said, "Brother, I have never preached like that in my life." He says, "Whenever I think about Minneapolis, I always remember that." But uh we want to thank the Lord that our brother finally called. He said, "Brother War, I think I'll be able to make it." And then uh uh with just so many things we had on our hands, we didn't make proper I mean proper preparation. But it's good to have you here tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And the thing that makes it more uh gracious and wonderful, he's here with his wife. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It makes it more gracious and wonderful because he's here with his wife. Praise the Lord. And we want to thank the Lord for that. Uh uh we want to thank the Lord for that. We appreciate the Lord. And we have uh uh Sister Le Ros also that is uh in service with us. You are the one. God bless you. We see sister. She moving from South Africa for school and uh she been uh around the Twin City for for a couple of weeks and and looking around for where to go to church. Praise the Lord. Somehow I don't know how she found our address and make contact with brother Steve. Uh I think uh that should be through the internet also. So it's good to have our sister with us. Amen. And we also want to bring We want to greet all those that are streaming from home and uh we say uh uh happy Easter and thank you for tuning in to to pull into the service tonight. Praise the Lord. And uh we uh we are so so happy to be here tonight. Glory be to God. And I will tell you, we had a blast on Wednesday night. Amen. Wednesday night was different. Praise the Lord. I had on my heart I said it's going to be a prayer meeting and nothing is going to stop it. Amen. And I think the Lord was pleased. Uh because I had on my heart I was going to preach that night. Uh I come to the garden in alone. That's that's where that was what I had in my heart as a message to preach. But uh uh my thought was uh how did Jesus approach the Easter? How did he approach his resurre his death, burial and resurrection was to go in the gal and find a time to pray. So we really had a good time to pray. Amen. We had a good prayer meeting. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise and we we look forward for more of that. Amen. We look forward for more of that. So let's let's just stand on our feet. We will sing a song or two while the preacher come and have his liberty tonight. Why he come and have his liberty tonight. Amen. Here I spend in vanity and pride. Let's sing there tonight. Amen. [Music] Oh [Music] yeah. My Lord was crucified. Glory that was for me. Oh, there was great and grace was free. I don't want to fly to me and my bird is so far. [Music] I like the word I lost my sing. I learned [Music] [Applause] I love [Music] to mercy there was great and grace was free. [Music] And there was brought to you by to me a burden soul from liberty. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Now my rapture soul can go. [Music] Oh [Music] merc salvation plan. Oh, the grace that comes to me. Oh, the mighty God I found this man. Oh yes, Lord. Mercy never crossed by to me. And my burden soul liberty my oh [Music] yes I never was fly to me my soul for liberty I can hurry [Music] [Music] [Applause] Amen. We'll sing this song and then uh the deacons will bring the preacher tonight on the hill. Father White, let's sing it. Let's look far tonight. [Music] On the hill far away stood and no rock can cross the emling of suffering and shame. Oh, and I love that cross with a dear rest and bless for a word of love. Thank you Lord. Thank you tonight Lord. So I cherish. Lord I cherish the all rock cross. Oh Lord till my joy at last I live down. I will play to the or [Music] cross and this change has something for the crown. Yes. Oh, that old rocket crawl. Though despise by the world has a wonder attraction for me. Oh for the view lamb of God. Glory above to bitity calary. Come on preacher. So I ch the all rocket cross till my true feet I shall lay down. I will play to thee all cross and has changes [Laughter] someday for Praise the Lord. I don't know whether I'm connected or not. Yes, you are. All right. Praise the Lord. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Very humbled to be back [Music] in I'm from Zimbabwe. So we say Minnesota, but I realize you guys are from USA Minnesota. So I am so honored this time I travel with my wife. Amen. [Applause] and uh like to give a special thank you to uh brother one. He's a man I love and uh he put me on the spot. I just made a good phone call to just greet my friend because I happen to have met a lady from Liberia in my own country. And then he says, "Oh, Brother Crosby, I understand you're coming to the United States for a wedding." News troubles fast. Says, "Uh, sure, sure, sure." Says, "Would you care for you to take our Easter meetings?" I've never been away from my church over Easter, but for brother one, I'm glad I'm here. Praise the Lord. So, for what it's worth, I believe God will give us a word. Something to remind us because we don't bring anything new. Yes. something to remind us of the common salvation and the commonwealth of salvation. Amen. So without further ado, let's bow our heads so that I can u call my nerves through prayer. Our heavenly father, yes. Almighty God, it's always a nerve-wracking experience to stand in front of the purchase of your blood. Lord, I pray may you hide me behind the cross. Yes. Every time we come to stand before your people, our shortcomings are magnified. We ask that you might purify us through the blood. Yes. That we might be of worthy service. Yes. And be real vessels of honor tonight. Oh God, this season, so special to us. We ask that you might also remind us in a profound way, how unique a season it is. Lord, we plead your blood and we pray that you might move from bench to bench. Deliver the needs of your people through the preaching of the word. Let it be like those that were coming from a house at the end of the service. Every soul might be able to say it in our hearts Ben as he spake with us. Lord, we thank you and we magnify your name. You know the needs of the church. We are here to report for service. Have thine own way. Yes. In the name of Jesus Christ I pray. Amen and amen. Amen. I like to ask you to turn with me to the Bible to uh Matthew chapter number 26. I've given two sermons. I'd like to go for uh the latter. Praise the Lord. Um Matthew chapter number 26. Amen. Every time you go to a new place, you want to say something that means a lot to you because you cannot give or say something that hasn't given you the correct conviction upon the word of God. Amen. Amen. So, Matthew chapter number 26 being that it's Easter and this is one of my uh uh revelation and conviction through the message of the hour. Matthew number 26, chapter 26, we want to read from verse 55. Amen. Amen. And it says here in that same hour Jesus in that same hour said Jesus to the multitudes are you come against a thief with swords and staves for to take me. I set daily with you teaching in the temple and you laid no hold on me. But all this was done that the scripture of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples forsook him and fled. And they that had laid hold on Jesus laid him led him away to Capas the high priest where the scribes and the elders were assembled. But Peter following him aar off unto the high priest's palace and went in and sat with the servants to see the end. Now the chief priests and elders and all the councils sought false witnesses against Jesus to put him to death, but found none. Yeah, though many false witnesses came, yet found they none. At least came two at last came two false witnesses and said, "This fellow said, I am able to destroy the temple of God and to build it in three days." And the high priest rose and said unto him, Answerest thou nothing, what is it which these witnesses this witness against thee? And Jesus held his peace? And the priests answered and said unto him, I adje by the living God, that thou tell us whether thou be the Christ, the son of God. And Jesus said unto them, Thou said, "Nevertheless, I say unto you, hereafter shall you see the Son of man sitting on the right hand of power and coming in the clouds of heaven." Amen. Amen. May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his words. You may take the comfort of your seats. Our story starts with the story that we all know. The route to Calvary was a route of accusations. They falsely accused him. And as they falsely accused him, they made an advert in their local press to say, "We need witnesses to the crimes this man is said to have blasphemed." Many witnesses came, but none of them said things that were profound or convincing until one remembered the statement that he said. And those that remembered were able to bring something by which he could be convicted because indeed he had actually said, "Destroy this temple and I'll build it up in 3 days." To them it was blasphemy because they knew the length of time it took to build the temple of Solomon. So for someone to come along and just say something that took 46 years to build, I can destroy it and do it in three days. Yet around him they didn't seem to have any earthmoving equipment and caterpillars. It sounded very awkward and queer that somebody could have the audacity to blasphe. So that was a credible witness because indeed he had said, "Destroy this temple. I'll build it up in three days." Amen. Amen. So as far as being a true witness, those two were. But how be it, these people had taken him very strongly out of context. But their accusation gave an opportunity to hear a prophecy about his coming power. He then says, "What shall you say when you see the son of man sitting on the right hand of power, the right hand of authority?" Amen. Had these accusers not spoke, he wouldn't have given this scripture. But all things work together for good. Amen. Had they not put him in that position, we wouldn't have known that he's going to sit with the right hand of power. Amen. So, being that it's Easter, I have so many sermons that I love to preach because I've been preaching for a little while now. But there is sermons that you know made a difference in your own life. Yes. So because of that I found myself gravitating to this particular one because it made a difference in my personal life. Somebody say amen to that. Allow me again to take a scripture from the book of St. John. Amen chapter number 19 as I build a text. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. St. John chapter 19 we will read from verse 28 says and after this Jesus knowing that all things were now accomplished that the scripture might be fulfilled said I thirst. Now if you notice in the first set of scripture I've read he said things that scripture might be fulfilled. And now again he's saying stuff because scripture must also be fulfilled. And he says here I thirst. Now there was set a vessel of vinegar and they filled a sponge with vinegar put it upon his and put it on his mouth. When Jesus therefore had received the finer, he said, "It is finished." And he bowed his head and gave up the ghost. Amen. And I've had many evangelists when they come to this scripture, they preach to people and say, "Well, your problems are finished because it is finished." Yes, it's true in another sense. But where scripture must meet scripture, this that was finished was his own catalog of scriptures that needed to be fulfilled. Amen. But it was actually the beginning, not the end. It was the finishing of the prophecy of the scriptures that should run through until his crucification, but the beginning of where you and I come in. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. And then we find again this is chapter 19. He says it is finished. But then he is crucified. Then he goes and then he resurrects. And then the chapter 20. Then chapter 20 we read from verse number 17 or rather let me start from verse number 15 sorry 11. But Mary stood without at the separ weeping. As she wept, she stooped down, looked into sepoka, and seeing two angels in white sitting, the one at the head and the one at the feet, where the body of Jesus had laid. And they said unto her, "Woman, why weepest thou?" She answered, she saith unto them. Praise the Lord. Amen. Woman, why weepest thou? She saith unto them, because they have taken away my lord, and I know not where they have laid him. And when she had thus said, she turned herself back, and saw Jesus standing, and knew not it was Jesus. Jesus saith unto the woman, Woman, why weepest thou? Who seekest thou? She supposing him to be a gardener, saith unto him, Sir, if thou had born him hence, tell me where thou has laid him, and I will tell him, I'll take him away. Jesus saith unto unto her, Mary, she turned herself, and said unto him, Raboni, which is to say, Master. Jesus saith unto her, Touch me not, for I am not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascend unto my father and to your father and to my God and your God. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Now is it amazing that a man so powerful a man that they could have easily recognized as their Lord when he is presenting himself they thought him to be a gardener. It's a sure sign of the level of humility that Jesus can veil himself. How be it the king of kings could only be equated to someone who was standing not the garden of a palace but the garden of a graveyard. How powerful it is to know that he can condescend to the lowest of us. Amen. And raise us up to the highest. What a God we serve. Somebody say amen to that. Now in chapter 19 you see that it is written it is finished. But in chapter 20 after he's resurrected there is a statement that is made. As they saw him and he reveals himself they wanted to touch him. says, "No, no, no. Don't touch me because I am not yet ascended." In other words, don't contaminate the sacrifice. Because I was offered for the purpose of being the right propreation for your sins. If you touch me, you contaminate me. So, he beat them, "Stop right there. Don't touch me until I ascend." Yeah. To my father, who's also your father. Yes. To my God who's also your God. Somebody say amen to that. He is a real kinsman redeemer because he makes himself not too far from who we are. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Allow me brothers and sisters out of these scriptures to uh infer and bring a title. But before I do that, let's go to Hebrews chapter number 10. I would like to take verse number 11 and 12. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. The Bible reads thus, "And every priest standeth daily ministering and offering often times the same sacrifices which can never take away sins." But this man after he was offered one one sacrifice for our sins forever sat down on the right hand of God. Henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his foottool. Praise the Lord. Amen. I think I'm not used to this thing here. It's kind of like disturbing. I have a microphone that I actually It's on. Okay. All right. Could I have a bit more decibels? Amen. Uh, where are you projecting your codes from? Is it there? All right. I'll use your projections. Praise the Lord. Allow me brothers and sisters to uh take from this scripture of Hebrews chapter number 11 and 12 and establish the thought that I want to present before you because it's all talking about the resurrection and it's all talking about the priest's offering. And he says here and every priest standed daily ministering and offering often times the same sacrifices which can never take away sins. But this man after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever sat down on the right hand of God. So allow me for a title. Praise the Lord. To preach he sat down. Praise the Lord. Do you believe that this gospel is effective and alive? Do you believe that the reason we celebrate Easter is because Easter ain't just a season to us? We know the true essence of what Easter is. Somebody say amen to that. Now allow me to say he sat down because after this Paul preaching to the Hebrews and preaching to the Hebrews was a way of trying to tell them that their ceremonial laws of the Old Testament were met and fulfilled in the Lord Jesus Christ. As they began to uh break down this word to the Hebrews, he had to take the Levitical laws and put them into Christ. He had to take the resurrection and put it into Christ. He had to take every part of what the law is and put it into Christ. And here we are in these end times. Praise the Lord. And in the end times, we have the revealed word. You can never fully comprehend and understand the depth of the word until, praise the Lord, you accept that God sent us a prophet. Praise the Lord. Believers thou this? Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So allow me brothers and sisters to say my title is he sat down. If you notice as he was being accused of his law or of of blasphemy he he he ended up telling the people that okay fine since you've given me these accusations I accept but there is something that you shall see which shall blow your mind. You're going to see me sitting on the right hand of power which means the whole essence and the drama of the resurrection was for him to sit down. Praise the Lord. There was a time that he sat down in the book of Luke. Praise the Lord. when the Bible was handed to his to his bosom and he says he sat down and the Bible says precious words proceeded out of his mouth. Praise the Lord. I don't know what it is with people that whenever they are so anointed they feel like jumping up and down. That is good. But when he was the most anointed at that particular time, he actually sat down. Somebody say amen to that. I I'm not dissing those that want to say amen and jump up and shout because I also jump up and shout. But I'm just trying to say there is an essence to which we must take a pause and say hang on a minute. He sat down. Praise the Lord. He sat down because there is a moment in life when you know that you are supposed to sit down and let the events overtake you. Let the prophecy and the power of the word that's supposed to be inactive be inactive. You can't both be inactive as God is inactive. Praise the Lord. If God is in action, you can't be in action. You've got to stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. Somebody say amen to that. Allow me to read my first quote. Praise the Lord. In the message, the resurrection of Jesus Christ preached in Chicago, brother says, "And I am I think that one of the greatest scriptures that's more neglected than any scripture I know of being preached on is the ascension." We preach about it is finished. We preach about he died. Living, he loved me. Amen. Dying, he saved me. Buried, he took away my sins. But the prophet says the most, the greatest neglected than any scripture I know of being preached on is the ascension. The part of John chapter 20 where he says, "Hang on a minute. Don't touch me. I haven't ascended." We neglect to preach about that. We preach about Good Friday. We preach about Saturday. We preached about he resurrected. But we neglect to preach about his ascension because his is death, burial, and resurrection, good as they are, they are not as important as the ascension. Let me pause right there and ask you, have you ever thought about it like that? And I'm glad we had a prophet who made the Bible plain because the word of the Lord comes to a prophet. Only he could get this level of revelation and come to us and tell us that the greatest scripture to be neglected is the ascension. We all happy about Good Friday. We can dramatize and make a play prayer a a a play and a prayer for Good Friday where the youth will will make a drama of how he was moving into Jerusalem and then they were singing hosana. They were rolling praise the Lord all the palm trees and everything going into Good Friday beautiful as it is we preach about it. Amen. It's not neglected. Right now as we as we are celebrating Easter, the Methodists are celebrating. The Presbyterians are also celebrating. They don't mind preaching about that part of Good Friday. Even America knows to make a holiday on Good Friday. Praise the Lord. And nobody, praise the Lord, is falling short of preaching about what happened on Saturday when he went down to the regions of the lost to grab the keys of both hell and death, hell, and the grave. Nobody thinks that is neglected. Then when he resurrected on Sunday, oh we are so happy on Sunday morning. We'll be so glad he resurrected. But according to my prophet, we neglect the ascension. Why did my prophet say the ascension is neglected? The ascension is far more critical to you and me than the rest of the drama. Without the ascension, there is not much to what we believe. There is absolutely not much to what we believe. Praise the Lord. Because the ascension is the actual part of the priesthood which now says here, he made an offering once for us all. Praise the Lord. And then when he made that offering, then he sat down. Somebody say amen to that. And watch what the prophet says. Says here, you allow me to repeat this cuz I feel like I really need to nail it because if you if I miss you here, I've missed my whole sermon and I don't want to miss my audience. says, "And I think that one of the greatest scriptures that's more neglected than any scripture I know of on being preached on." In other words, you ought to tell preachers, preach about this a lot more often because he says neglected, it means we aren't paying attention to it. If you neglect to brush your teeth, what happens? Your teeth rot. Praise the Lord. Now, what if you neglect to preach a critical scripture? What happens? You neglect your power too. Cuz there is a mystery in there about why the prophet had to cry out and say the most neglected. Which means every Easter and every time we have an opportunity, let's not neglect to preach about the ascension. Praise the Lord. Says here says what he did after his resurrection. What he did after the resurrection is far more important to you and me. Now, he did not sat down at the tomb after his resurrection because his work wasn't completed. Somebody say amen to to that. It wasn't finished. But yet in chapter 19 when he drank the vinegar, he said it is finished. But yet he had not ascended. Which means that finish is a finish of the catalog of the scriptures that needed to be fulfilled. But yet the the part that where you and I need to be is the part where he resurrects and then he ascends. And he says here and the and the ones at the grave in the morning were forbidden to even touch him. But that night they were bidden to come fill his hands remember when he said no to me no no no don't touch me don't touch me raise the quote says yet he forbid his mother to touch me and said I have not yet ascended unto my father my God and yours and he had not yet he would only be ready to do his great high priest work at that time which means when he died he hadn't atoned for you when he resurrected nothing happened but only after the resurrection is he getting ready to atone now the reason I've stepped forward is because I can't quite read the screen somewhere getting into the ceiling but I can read clearly right here because I don't want to miss you right here somebody say amen to that it says He had not yet, he would only ready to do his great high priest work at that time. Which means John chapter 19, praise the Lord, is a finishing of the scriptures that needed to be fulfilled. John chapter 20 is the beginning of the purpose for why he died. Somebody say amen for if there is anything to celebrate is his high priest work. Somebody say amen to that. Had he not played the part of a high priest, you and I wouldn't be sitting here enjoying salvation. Somebody say amen to that. He had just been anointed. Amen. Which means death, death, burial, and resurrection just played the part of anointing him. God raised him up, put him so high above every heaven until he has to stoop over to look to heaven. That's what God did for him. So if you want to be exalted, humble yourself. No wonder he had to look like a gardener because that was just about the last act of humility. He had to show right day. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. So if you want to be exalted, humble yourself. And if you exalt yourself, you'll be brought down low. And I think of him and when he say when he had risen from the dead that morning and he was then had his own blood as a high priest. Amen. And he went beyond the veils through every sphere. Amen. Amen. So the death, burial and resurrection was like the priest of old killing a lamp and getting the blood and then coming to present it as a high priest. So this now to us our salvation is hinged on him atoning for us. Somebody say amen to that. says, "Satan in times past had men blocked off from heaven. He could not even get contact with heaven. But when Jesus took his blood, the first veil he rent was the veil of death." Somebody say amen to that. And the veil of the grave and the veil of the temple and then the veil of sickness. Oh brother, sister, if you are sick right now, that veil of sickness has been rent. If you can believe it, say amen. Not only did he rent the veil of sickness, here is a veil that dugs and bugs a lot of believers. The veil of fear. He rent the veil of fear. You are afraid how things are going to turn out tomorrow. Leave that to the supernatural. That veil has been rent. Somebody say amen to that. Somebody say amen to that. It says here, "And every veil that was and unveiled God to men." Brother, without the ascension, we are in a closed heaven. But with the ascension, we have broken veils. Somebody say amen to that. Believers now this. Do you see now why the prophet said this is the most neglected scripture? because it hides the mystery of our salvation, the mystery of our victory, the mystery of our overcoming power, the mystery of any veil that might affect you, which means a breakthrough is possible to any child of God. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. then went way in above the heaven of heavens and was seated on the right hand of God and sat down as a finished work. Which means when he said it is finished, it weren't finished yet. But when he sat down, it was finished because now he has finished the purpose for which he was being crucified. Somebody say amen to that. Now, I don't guess the Baptist know it like this. I don't even believe that the Presbyterians teach it like this. It had to take a prophet, the one who foruns the coming of Christ to know all the mystery of Christ. Somebody say amen to that. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. And the bride is the mystery of Jesus revealed. Somebody say amen to that. If you can believe it, say amen. He sat down because it was a finished work. That's right. all above and there he opened up a channel that God used to come down through the corridors of heaven and talk to mankind in the garden of Eden. Brothers and sisters, I give you to understand when Adam lost the title did, he lost our mode of communication with God. We were left with rituals. We were left with with programs. We were left with how to communicate with God. But the heavens were blocked. Amen. Do you want an example of how the heavens were blocked? If you remember, Daniel prayed. Daniel was a pious believer. There was nothing that could stop the prayer of Daniel to get to heaven. But brother sister, he prayed for 23 days until when Michael prevailed, he had to come and apologize. Say, "Hey, brother Daniel, I've been I've been hearing your prayer since day one, but the prince of Persia was blocking the heavens." Brother, the prince of America can broke the heavens. But to a believer with a revelation, you are under an open heaven. Somebody say amen to that. Hallelujah. If it took a man like Daniel with all the visions and everything that he was 23 days, it means the heavens were thoroughly blocked. He had to be supported by Michael the archangel. Shows you brothers and sisters that the only thing that could break that veil was the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. That's why when he came to some people he was a prophet to some people he was son of Mary to some people he was just one of those religious characters that needed to be there like Muhammad or anybody but by revelation his death burial and resurrection wasn't that he could just break and say there is an empty tomb in Jerusalem yet that is true but the issue is the empty tomb is there because he ascended but when he ascended he was clearing the heavens for the real believers. Somebody say amen to that. Now that's why the prophet says is the most neglected. Imagine if you understand and the devil is trying to suppress you with depression and try and tell you that you are nothing. You can be nobody. Look at you. Look at what you've done, brother. By revelation, you can pray and connect to the supernatural without a hindrance because the heavens are open. In other words, you are now open. People who are now operating and praying under a clear sky. We can say clearly now that when I pray I expect an answer. When I pray I don't expect a hindrance. That is why brothers and sisters the effect of heaven prayer of a righteous man availth much. Somebody say amen to that. He sat down and Satan and Satan by sin had blocked them by the great high priest with his anointed with his blood went through every veil and ripped open and cleared out the skies again. Praise the Lord. In other words, brothers and sisters, without the ascension, there are layers and layers and layers of dimensions that one has to break through. And you could never do it with human blood. It had to take Christ himself to break that veil. Somebody say amen to that. When he broke that veil, breakthrough was no possibility to mere mortals. Without that you can never be a successful believer. So he knew that people that were in the days of bulls of of bulls and gods they can only come so far. If they follow the commandments, if they follow the prophets, then I will accept them. But there is coming a breed of people whose warfare is not over this earth. Their warfare is more dimensional. They will need to break through veils of dimensions. and those ones need for me to open the veils. Praise the Lord. And he says here, he cleared out the skies again and God and man could be father and son and commune again with one another. Hence, he told Mary, "Don't touch me. I go to the father. My father, your father, my God, your God." In other words, we are going to establish a permanent connection that you can pray like I prayed. You can have the heavens ascending and descending like I also had the heavens ascending and descending. And brother, without the opening of those veils, you would never have William Brham as he was preaching at Lane about marriage and divorce delivering the true revelation of what it's supposed to be. There was angels ascending and descending. In other words, brothers and sisters, without the veils open, you can never experience Jacob's ladder. Listen to this. My my my. And God and men could be father and son and commune again with one another. What a marvelous thing. All the patriarchs of the New Testament as they died. For instance, Stephen When they were stoning him, death, the veil was all open to his precious eyes filled with blood. But he said as he knelt on the ground, he said, "I see heaven." Had he been killed before the resurrection, you would have not seen heaven open. It would have been just as blocked and dark as it was in the days of John the Baptist. But after the resurrection, I see heaven open. And Jesus standing at the right hand of God. Now he is seeing the scripture that Jesus said when he was in court when he was under the jurisdiction of of of of the perpetrators of his death as they were judging him. The witnesses that came said you said destroy this temple. I'll build it up in three days. Is it true? Says yes. Says so you are saying you you you are greater than the people that did it before. The witnesses of his resurrection. Amen. the ones that made him to be crucified. Praise the Lord. He actually they actually prompted him to then speak about what Stephen saw. What if you see the son of God sitting at the right hand of power as he said it to them? They just probably went over their heads. This guy is just full of words that don't mean nothing. But Steven saw the reality of the answer he gave while he was in court. Amen. These things are real saints. That's why I said I can only preach something that is so profound to me. When I realize this, there is problems that I can eradicate within 24 hours in my own personal life because I go back to pray as a Lord. Easter reminds us that we are under a clear heaven. What is this thing? Let it out of my life in the name of Jesus. When you understand that, oh brother, you don't back out of a fight. You say it is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. His compassions fail not. They are new every morning. And if every veil of any kind of disease was broken, it means we've got the power over it. How many remember what brother says? All these diseases like cancer and all these ones, they are fourthdimension diseases. It means they are not in the 3D which means they are in the veils. But if that veil was rent, oh brother, you can kick that cancer out. Now you are woriing by revelation. And if that revelation hits you like a ton of bricks, there ain't enough devils in hell that can stand on revelation. You can tell the devil, I am not leaving until I get my blessing from God. because you are a bluff and the heavens are open. There's no need for you to keep blocking my blessing. You can't keep putting shadows and clouds over my blessing. Or this is where brothers and sisters, when you get excited, you want to pray about a breakthrough, you start by saying, you are clearing the skies for yourself. The heavens are open. Can someone shout with me? The heavens are open. And if they're open, it means tonight we can have a breakthrough. We don't have to have anything hinder our prayer life. It means tonight something that could have been bugging you for 25 years can meet its end today. It means something that was bothering you for 12 years can meet its end today. It means something that was bothering for 38 years can meet its end today. Oh brother, I've just given you the periods of veils of sicknesses that were upon God's people. Woman, thou art loosed 18 years. The man at the pool of Bath 38. Somebody say amen. The woman with the blood issue 12. But brother that woman with the blood issue when she touched the he of the garment she started a revival that whoever wants to get healed get near to Jesus. Touch the hem of the garment. Brother, if that was happening before the veils were open, how much more now when we are here tonight knowing who we are? Somebody say amen to that. Oh, the devil is in trouble. The devil is in trouble. I've come to say that neglected scripture is our highway to heaven. That neglected scripture is our way to victory. Can I have a couple more decibels so that I don't choke myself. The devil is a liar. Praise the Lord. I've never left my church on Easter unless God has a purpose. And the purpose is right here in Minnesota. There could have been a lamp of God crying Minnesota while I was in Zimbabwe like mil town mil town and brother Brahma had to find himself there. I'm not brother Brandham but with my little gifting I'm here to say whatever devil was bothering you tonight I come against it in the name of Jesus. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. How many believe now Easter takes a new meaning when you now understand that there is a neglected scripture? But yet that neglected scripture is key to our victory. It's key to our breakthrough. It's it's key to all that we need. Somebody say amen to that. Listen to this. Back to the previous quote. Right. I want to read this for reiteration. Steven when they were stoning him the veils was all open to his precious eyes. Sorry. Yet filled with the blood which means Steven had to see the reality of what it is to be a Christian. And I don't believe there is no stone that hit him and he felt the pain because he now understood that every veil. So to to Stephen, what we call the stoning and death of Stephen, it was the realization of the things that he had believed, how so true and powerful they are. And he could never experience that unless and until he actually was in that position. So the only words he could utter instead of saying remember my family, I've got my grandchildren or children, he says, I see the heavens open. and those words that we put in the Bible so that they can remind us not neglect the scripture of ascension of all the words that he could have said. I understand there's a death penalty here in America and most people that go through the death penalty they are asked for their last meal and their last words. Praise the Lord. Here Steven is facing his own death penalty and his last words were I see the heavens opened because every veil of fear from that moment on Steven could see that death can hold me. I can't die. I cannot die. He could take every blow gracefully knowing that he is under a finished program. Praise the Lord. And Jesus standing at the right hand of God. Now we go to the next quote. And the Bible said, "He ascended on high and give gifts unto men." The ascension is what brought the five-fold. He who ascended is the same that descended and gave gifts unto men. Had he not ascended, there would be no Ephesians chapter 4. There you go. He ascended on high and give gifts unto men. There was an atmosphere hang over the earth of darkness, gloom, death. Weary is like depression. You're just tired after you wake up tired from sleeping because you are depressed. You are weary, heavy laden. All that says the prayers couldn't come up because the atonement wasn't made. But he had already died. He was buried. He had resurrected. But still it was still dark. So between John chapter 19 and John chapter 20 is the part where we fit in. Praise the Lord. says the prayers couldn't come up because the atonement wasn't made, but he broke through that veil. He opened up the way. If your prayer aim being had, it's not God's fault. He's already cleared the skies. You watch how you are praying because it's never God's fault because he's made everything possible for a breakthrough. Somebody say amen to that. And he broke through that veil. He opened up the way. He broke the veil of sickness because sickness creates an atmosphere and that atmosphere can so overwhelm a believer. Have you ever had pain that takes second nature? that the the the number of time you are asked whether you are in pain differs from the number of time you are actually if you are not in pain you actually wonder where has it gone it has taken a nature in your life praise the lord I once preached in my church just recently that sickness is the substance of death just like the scripture that says now faith is the substance of things hoped for there is no reason for you to tolerate sickness especially around Easter. Look at the veils that were broken. Listen to this. Sometimes you go and preach about sicknesses in congregations and you don't know who sick and the pe the people are busy answering you begs. You don't know how it feels to be in my position. I don't need to know how it feels to be in your position. I need to know the promise and preach you the promise. Somebody say amen to that. Just a little leap of faith to just believe it. You can walk out of that sickness until the devil doesn't even have to. You see, when he came, he never gave you notice. He just came. He might as well depart on the same vein. As quickly as he came, that's as quickly as he should go. Believers thou this? Praise the Lord. He broke the veil of sickness. He broke the veil of sin. There is nothing like brother you don't understand addiction. You don't I can't stop getting high. No. That veil your overcoming is your choice. If you decide no devil, it will be no devil. Don't even tell me that it's so difficult to overcome in America. Sin is sin. Praise the Lord. You can live such a Christian life that you live it so natural, so natural that you can't even think that you can't even think about lying. You just live it so natural. Now if you find yourself saying, "Lord, help me not to lie." Ah, you lack revelation. Praise the Lord. I've seen a few believers, especially the ones from Africa when they come overseas and then the glitter of England, America or France just affects. You don't understand and you don't what's not to understand. This message was preached by someone from America. We believed it in Africa, which means he experienced overcoming in America and brought it to Africa. So, we should be easier to overcome here because that's where it was preached than the other way around. He broke through the veil of weary. That's depression. It's a veil. You if you catch yourself smiling, you'll tell no don't smile. It's not according to the symptoms of how I'm supposed to be. I told the psychiatrist that I'm depressed. So if I start smiling, it means I'm well. Then you you find yourself frowning. It's a veil. You know when I was in Africa, we never knew that there were diseases called self harming where a a child comes and then they start to cut themselves. I'm self harming. No, we never had self harming in Africa. I only found that overseas. Self what? There was a lot of things to harm us that there was no need for us to harm ourselves. Selfharming. It's a spirit. It's a veil. Praise the Lord. He broke the veil. Listen to this. Of depressed. In case when you said weary, you didn't get it. The prophet had to say he broke the veil off. There ain't nothing that should depress a believer because there is ample scriptures to help you out of depression. One of the scriptures is why art thou cast down all my soul. And the other scripture is rejoice in the Lord and again I say another scripture is the joy of the Lord is my we could go on and on and on. You can make yourself happy all by yourself. You think what the prophet was doing in the bush running around the tree and talking to a tree and talking to an eagle and talking to animal. If you'd had seen him, he says, "There goes a crazy man." But yet he was giving himself psychotherapy. Says, "Hi, Mr. Eagle. Do you know I can shoot you?" says, "He looked at me boldly and he knew he could trust on his two big wings." And he knew that before I could pull the trigger, you'd be up in the air. Oh, the majesty of an eagle. Then I saw a little well and I said, "Why are you always bubble bubble bubble bubble?" Says, "Because I am I've got something deep down within me. That's why I'm always bubble bubble bubble." All these things are our ammunition to never be depressed. Somebody say amen to that. Listen to this. He broke every veil and made a highway for the wayfairing men walking up the king's highway. Oh my. When he passed the moon and the stars on and on. Amen. Do you see? Brothers and sisters, says following behind him come the Old Testament saints. They are now part of the ascension. Amen. Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, they went right on up into the heavens of heaven. When they were way away from the city, I can see them lift their eyes. And Abraham said, "That's the city that I longed to see. Oh, come here, Isaac. Come here, Jacob. Oh, we are pilgrims and strangers on the earth. But there's the city. There's the one we've waited on." Which means they could never see New Jerusalem under the veil. But when the veil was broke, like Steven could testify and say, "I see the heavens." They could now see the city they were looking for whose builder and maker is God. All that could never have happened were it not for Easter. But on the Easter we put an emphasis on the burial on on dying or we sing a song leaving he loved me. dying he buried he and rising he yeah freely forever but you still can't have a breakthrough until you get the ascension part. So even the one who has revealed that song to sing neglected the ascension part. How many here tonight say we will never neglect the ascension because most times we are so happy with Friday, we are so happy with Saturday, we are so happy with Sunday and then Monday we are dismissing and going away from our conventions. Yet that's the day where the graves were opened. That's the day where Mary came to the grave and saw two angels, one at the end of the bed, one at the bottom. That's the day that Mary mistook Jesus for a garden boy. Then when he when he was revealed and he wanted ah we haven't yet ascended. And my prophet says it's the most neglected. How many say we want to always remember the ascension? Praise the Lord. Upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Yes sir. The spiritual divine revelation that Jesus Christ is the son of God. The Bible said no man can say Jesus is the Christ only by the witness of the Holy Ghost. And if you deny the Holy Ghost exists, if you deny there's no such a thing as the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you can how can you believe in Jesus Christ? In other words, the only proof of the truth that you say Jesus Christ is alive is by a spirit within you. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, you are just speaking. You are not a true witness. A real true witness will never deny the Holy Ghost. But denying it by mouth, most people do not. You deny it by existence. Says, "I'm a Christian." You're only a Christian by a historical standpoint. You can believe. But when you receive Christ, the Holy Spirit into your heart and been regenerated and born a new then the Holy Ghost itself bear record. Somebody say amen to that. And that's the reason people today that can believe in divine healing in the supernatural because the very God that made the word created it. has sent his own spirit in the heart to vindicate that to be the truth. And that's why today we have signs and wonders and powers working us all over the world. And brother Bam says this marvelous bridge. Oh my. As my colored friends used to sing, it's a highway to heaven. We are walking up the king's highway. Truly all over. Jesus has finished. Everything is completed. Jesus would not have sat down if he had not only completed the work. No man sat down until the job is over that he says now I sit down then the job is over. Brother, sister, let me tell you is he still sitting on the throne of God? It means the job that he came for is over. Believers thou this? Listen to this. And Jesus took his own blood and went through the heavens of heavens and condemned every devil. Took the keys of death, hell, and the grave and sat down. Oh brother, sister, if he condemned every devil because he sat down, I'm here to tell you, brother, sister, we are here to finish the work. He's given us a mandate. I come against every evil spirit in the name of Jesus. Somebody say amen to that. I'm reminded of brother Brham when he saw a boy that had cancer in the mouth and the jaw open. Amen. Called Ricky Dempa in the message watchman one of the night and that boy had such pain. The head was swollen and brother was seeing the boy and he started to say Lord how do you feel you being God looking at this? What kind of a God would this make you? And God answered him says I am waiting on you. He was already sitting down. There is stuff that he has left left us to deal with. Brother, demons are what we ought to be casting out every day. I cast out every demon of poverty, every demon of depression, every demon of sickness. If the veil was open, we just have to nudge him out. That's all we are doing. We are nudging him out. We are saying like Americans now. Come on now, devil. You get out of here. I've got to tell you, Satan has no room, no place unless you accommodate him. If you don't want him, you can reject him. Somebody say amen tonight. Bam says when God wants to cast out devils, he uses fingers. But when he wants to carry a believer, he carries him on his shoulder. And here we are intimidated by devils. Brother, this is a generation where 200,000 devils, 200 million devils were released. But they were released because God had already equipped us knowing I'm already sitting. He's not coming to do another Calvary. He's done one already. Broke the veils and left us to take care of business. And I'm here in Minnesota to take care of business. I believe the last time I was here, there was someone with cancer. We took care of business. And I've got to do the same tonight in the name of Jesus. Whatever is missing or broken, we've got the power tonight because the veil is open. The veil of sickness has been conquered. The veil of depression has been conquered. The veil of weary has been conquered. Every veil has been conquered. Somebody say amen to that. Thank you, Jesus. Blessed be the name of the Lord. When he died at Calvary, he bowed his head. As far as the atonement was made and everything that you've got need of in this journey from earth to glory, he screamed, "It is finished." You remember that's why I read you both the quotes. There can be nothing else added to it, nothing else taken from it that settles it. The Bible is finished. The plan of God is finished. The atonement is made. The devil is Oh, I don't know whether to feel religious, but I feel religious, brother. When you know the devil is defeated, you don't have to tolerate him one minute in your life because he's a defeated enemy. Somebody say amen to that. When you all accepted that COVID was defeated, you took off your masks. Somebody say amen to that. How about you take off that brace of sickness because that same devil is defeated in the same manner. Somebody say amen. There is an action you do when you feel victory. Right now, if you see someone wearing a mask, think I think maybe they are afraid of COVID, but CO is over. Anyone ever saw CO like oh that's CO there it is going down the street because it was a disease in the dimensions but in those dimensions that veil was broken. So a breakthrough to defeat it had to come anyhow because it was in the veil of the plagues but still it's got to be defeated. Whatever is bothering you might have started. But brother, sister, if our food has an expiry date if it's out of the fridge right now, brothers and sisters, take that devil out of your fridge. He's getting too comfortable. You are giving him conducive temperature. Tell him right now, you are rotten and out. Kick him out. Like you say in America, put him in a trash can. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. How many believe the devil is defeated? Praise the Lord. In the prophet says, the only thing we have to do is look and live. Somebody say amen to that. In the message adoption, a word is a thought expressed. God thought how he could be God, how he could be worshiped, how you could be a healer, how you could be a savior. And as soon as he spoke the word, it was finished forever. That's why his word can never go back void. It's a finished program. God is not in the business of revising. It's not like a textbook with first edition, second edition. When he finished it, he knew that when it comes to its season, it shall pick up life. And when it picks up life, it will have the same strength I intended to have when I spoke it. Amen. Amen. He says here, "How you could be worshiped, how you could be a healer, how you could be a savior, and as soon as he spoke the word, it was finished forever." Oh, if these sons of God could only lay a hold of that word like that, imagine you take a hold of a scripture that says, "By his stripes I am healed." You are not worried about when it was written because it still possesses the power. It had the intention. It possessed the potential it was to have right there when you take it. Oh, praise the Lord. When God speaks a word, it's finished. Absolutely. He might have waited. Chronology says that oh and archaeologists say all this they claim that there maybe world was millions and millions and trillions whether they were dinosaurs or not dinosaurs I couldn't care less when the word was spoken it was spoken and it hasn't changed that's why we believe by revelation praise the lord and most people postpone their healing because they want to have a 10step program of how to get Well, the moment you accept, then you start to work towards what the prophet says. Says, if you are in a wheelchair, wiggle your finger and praise God for that. Tomorrow, wiggle two fingers and give God the praise for that. You never know, before you know it, you are able to rise up and walk. You are believing like crazy. Somebody say amen. Brother, sister, no problem comes to a person and starts to send you an email faces. Right. Hello, my name is depression. I'm about to come to your spirit in about 3 4 days. My prophet told me that if you're offered a box of rattlesnakes, refuse right now. have come to refuse on your behalf any spirit that suppresses your potentials in the name of Jesus. Somebody say amen. When revelation strikes you, it don't matter whether the symptoms are still there. You praise him like they are gone. Praise the Lord. And they will go. this I don't know it might have been trillions and trillions of years I don't know how long it was God listen to this God does not exist in time did you hear that he exists in his own domain I'm not expecting you to start a physiootherapy of how to get well you start to be Well, what starts is your spirit accepts it. And when your spirit accepts it, it's able to tell all the other senses of the body to say, "Hey, behave. I'm already healed. I did not worship for nothing. I did not come to hear the word for nothing." And before you know it, you know, when we are supporting people that are not well, we fear for them. Like the moment they wake up doing healed things, are you okay? Are you okay? Because we are human. But yet God does not exist in time. Says he has not one minute less time than when he did when he spoke it. You can count that by his stripes was written 700 years before Christ. But God is saying it's as important. The time I've spent preaching is longer than the time that word exists in the dimension of God. The time I go to Starbucks, get myself some coffee, by the time I'm asked two sugars, it's too long a time because God has not one minute less time than he did when he spoke it. When you accept it like that, you don't have to wait to see whether you are well or not. If your spirit has accepted the word that's exactly what happened when we received the Holy Ghost and when we were born again we never went to the pastor. So how many times must how many services must attend for this thing to be really in my heart brother. It hit us like a ton of brick. We reacted right there. That is the reaction for every other promise of God. You react right there. says there's no time with God. I never knew that until the other night after the morning rather eternally. Not no yesterday, no morning. It's all now. Did you ever notice the word I am, not I was, I will be. It's eternal. I am to brother. This came as a revelation. All this while I take promises as if as I go to another different time zone and I travel and I think I only realize that now. No, no, no, no, no. As far as the promises are concerned, when they were spoken, they were finished. It's only when you tap into them. You don't need to put even a time limit to them. You believe it, you accept it, you operate by it, it will work out what it's supposed to work out. Glory to God. says it's eternal. Now we can believe in an eternal word because we are under an open heaven. So there's no need for us to think there is coming another power. Daniel needed 23 days for a breakthrough. You don't need 23 days. Do you see brothers and sisters the advantage that we have because of the ascension? I was tossing to and fro today wondering what am I going to say? Then a eureka came to me like hang on a minute. The ascension is neglected. I want to say tonight in the good shepherd congregation we have not neglected. We have obeyed the quotation not to neglect the ascension. Now there be a little instruction. I might say to the sick, you might come here, be prayed for, you might have angels lay hands on you, and it will never do one thing to you until first you believe it. How many believe that it's an eternal word and we believe it as it is. Amen. You believe it first and then you accept it and then next. Now how you go confess that I am healed when most of the time we are asking are you okay? You see we aid each other in making the wrong confessions because we want to explain the prognosis. Praise the Lord. And we are so proficient in explaining to our husband how unwell and how painful it is. The way it is, it's it's worse than it was yesterday. The way I feel and we husbands have been trying to say it's okay. It's okay. This is why I ask those that are unwell. When you want to explain how it is going on in your body, let your husband descend you rather than you say it. Because here you say it says you have to believe accept and I've often said in my church whenever a believer is following these precepts maybe they are looking for a breakthrough in one element of their life and then they come and make a confession and then the believer comes other believers come and say is it just an extra extra like John Ryan all it has actually happened. Belram had to teach John Ryan to say extra extra I am healed. He had to say it until the confession lined up with the body. It was only when they were laughing at him at a barberh shop. Have you ever confessed your healing when everybody's seeing that things are deteriorating? You should tell them not by sight but by faith. Praise the Lord. Real believers of the message of the hour should not want to be felt sorry for. There are people who leave church because the pastor they think they think the pastor is very unkind. I went and told him that I'm not well. He never said nothing. He didn't want to confess. He believed on your behalf. The reasons people leave church, you just wonder, did they believe you to begin with? I always say in my church, I don't throw pity parties. Pity parties are when so how are you my brother? We we're holding you in prayer. Ah, accept, believe, confess. That's not me. It's you who supposed to do that. Why? because he is the high priest of your confession. That confession could never have power until the heavens were opened. So you give him stuff to utilize in the highway to heaven. This is not a generation of mute believers. You must confess your conviction. Somebody say amen. Somebody say amen. Somebody say amen. I once preached in a place says he's trying to psych up the people. Oh brother, that's how we get rid of depression. You say amen until the devil of depression wants to vacate your premises. Somebody say amen. Amen. Don't you feel light just by saying amen? How about we say it one more time with conviction? Somebody say amen. Amen. Hallelujah. How can depression stay in an atmosphere like that? Praise the Lord. So if he's the high priest of your confession, it means before the ascension, whatever people confessed, there was no way of the high priest going to mediate for you because there were veils. But now that the veils have been broken, if you say it will happen, because now he can take it because of the ascension. Believers thou this? Amen. Listen to this. We've got to confess it before he can witness it before our God. Now, what if the devil has a ploy to vex God's people by making you speak negativity all the time? You are speaking about how it hurts, how it feels, what it is, what it is, and you neglect to give God something to before God. Jesus Christ being your high priest, you give him the goods to go and witness before God. Let's read the quote one more time. We've got to confess it first before he can witness it before God. For he's the high priest there to make intercessions upon our confession of what he has done for us. That's why I said to you the scripture says whatever the scripture says it's finished. He don't need time because he doesn't live in the time element. Are you with me? So when you confess it and you know he's done it by revelation, you pick up courage. You do stuff that healed people do before the healing is actually confirmed in your body. The healing will catch up with you. Not for you to say now that I was prayed for I wonder am I healed? Let me I think I'm okay. No, you are okay first in your spirit then your body will obey. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Now what is divine healing? Does it mean now that we have to wait until tomorrow night to be healed? I do I have to come to church? The moment you believe and accept it as your personal property, it's finished right then. That's right. When was I healed? Brother Brham, I was saved last week. I was saved night before last. 10 years ago. You were saved 1900 years ago when Jesus died for you at Calvary. And every redemptive name that God has for you, Jesus said at the cross, it is finished. Everything is done paid for. The whole Bible's beautiful and just all of it because it's the word of God. That's why I gave you to some people it's a contradiction. That's why I gave you the scripture that says when he said it is finished, what was finished? All the scriptural promises that pertained to our salvation. So that when he then breaks the veil and we tap into those things, we are operating in a finished program. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. says now the moment you can accept your healing, your salvation, if you're walking down the street, if you are wherever you are, the moment you accept it, that's when you are turned around. Picture this, brother. You are on your way to the doctor and suddenly it just hits you to say, "By his stripes, I'm healed." says, "Yeah, I believe it. Let me find a believer to confess it to." That moment, by the time you get to the doctor, you've already accepted your healing right here because we are under a finished program. Says, "The moment you believe it, you are turned around." See, when you say you are saved, it's not because you could be saved wearing a minisk or you call them slack here in America. You are not saved until you remove the slacks. That's a lie. The moment you say I am saved, the slacks will come off eventually. But you are turned around the moment you accept. It's an attribute for everything you want to overcome. You accept it right then. That's the turning point. And if there is a scripture you can add to your acceptance, that scripture has the power of transformation. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Believers this. Amen. If you notice as I wind down, if you notice, it looked like Calvary was just for, you know, living. He loved us. Dying, he saved us. Rising, he carried our sins far away. That's for every other believer who was not in the revelation of the message. In the message, we believe far deeper than that. Where they say it is finished, we know that that's when he's starting because he has to open the heavens. Now we have a prophet who now understood what it is to be under open heavens such that when he comes down and he gives you a testimony that I was lying on the bed and the angel of the lord came and said would you like to see beyond the ken of time it was like now how are we going to go beyond the king of time there's veils no no no no he knew he could cross dimensions and when he went beyond the k of time he saw people And some of the people that he saw, some of them were in his congregation, not dead yet. He saw Theophanes because the heavens that could have never happened were it not for the resurrection and the ascension. Glory. Now he says, "And they were all coming to me. They were dressed like they were singing saintly." And they said, "Are they all browns?" Never a man ever crossed other than William Branham and Paul. The first church messenger had to come one day and say I know a man whether in this body I cannot tell but one caught up in the third heaven. The third heaven was a difficult task to achieve because Daniel failed it. He had to have assistance from Michael the archangel. But yet Paul after the veil was rent was able to be caught up and saw things that were not allowed to be seen and hear things that were not permitted to hear. That's why he could preach and say for me to preach to you is game for you brother. When you worship without revelation you almost think why are we in the message? Why are things tough in the message? Brother, this is the most sublime activity on earth. The beauty of open heaven is that in the comfort of your living room, you can have a breakthrough. If it hits you that no man, I'm not living like this. How many remember a sister in Germany that had been stuck in a wheelchair for 17 years? 17 years. stuck in a wheelchair, permanently paraplegic. But as she got a little cloth, a prayer cloth, then she read the instruction. She said she went and got her neighbor says, "Lay hands on me because I believe I'll rise up." She was in a wheelchair sitting and then she was prayed for. She rose up and said, she just simply said, "Now, devil, get away from my life." Then she rose up. It's there in the message because that's what we are. That's the beauty and the power of the revelation of what we believe. It's a transforming word. Anything that's in the dimensions, that's why there are diseases that you can never detect until you go under fourth dimension equipment. You have to go through CT scan for you to be told you have another life in you. It's a growth. It's growing. But with a revelation of what we are preaching, you know that my prophet told us that when you rebuke cancer, you rebuke it from the roots. How did someone study an equipment that can get to know what's happening in the fourth dimension and then come back and tell you by a scan? Yet we have something higher than his gun. The belief of knowing that if I believe things right here, right now as I am by conviction and I'm sincere, the devil has to move. And I do not know brothers and sisters who would tolerate the devil when you know you are in an open heaven. Open. It's so open that even Elon Musk decided and all these other guys they want to also see what's happening. Those heavens were blocked. No, I've got to make it real for you. We are living where if brother says every natural achievement is a forerunner of every spiritual achievement. Now we can have people throw in satellites and everything has been made to be accurate through satellite. How about you own you throw your own spiritual satellite true player because it's the same concept. The heavens of the heavens. How many believe they can have a breakthrough tonight as we rise to our feet? Thank you, Lord. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. No one sets down unless they finished the job. There's never going to be another Calvary. There's never going to be another crucification. There's never going to be another resurrection. There's never going to be another ascension. The one he did was enough to break the veils that affected people. The veils were blocked in the Garden of Eden. Blocked until sainted people like Daniel had a problem getting a breakthrough. But we stand in a better position than Daniel did. Think about it, saints. When you think about Easter, don't neglect the ascension. Amen. Amen. Amen. How many believe tonight as we raise our hands in worship, we've got the victory over all the situations that were affecting us because of the ascension. As I invite our pastor to lead us into prayer, [Music] That is who you are. That is who you are. You are here moving in our maze. I worship you. I worship you. Yes, you are here. Moving in thy mid. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. Lord, you are yet moving in. I mean, I worship you. I worship you. Miracle, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you. Oh yes, we make a miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker. Oh yes. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who. Oh, we make maker. Oh yes. will make miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who. Let's sing that one more time. Way maker. Oh yes. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God that is. Oh yes. Way maker. Oh, you are way maker. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, we make a Lord. We make a miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. You led captivity captives, Lord. Oh, yes. Way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You know what we going to do tonight? Let's just give him praise. Forget about your problem. Forget about your need. Just give him praise. Thank you Lord for opening the heavens. Thank you Lord God for opening my heavens. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Father for opening my heavens. Lord God, thank you Lord tonight. Thank you, Father. Lord, blessed be your name tonight, Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh father, make it a reality to your people, Lord. Father God, that we will believe we are worshiping under a clear heaven, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name tonight, Father. Blessed be your name tonight, Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name tonight, Father. Thank you, Lord God, Father. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father, for the hope in the heavens. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Thank you father. the blessings. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus make everything right. I gave him my old title cab. Oh yes, he gave me and brought up your wife and I feasted today on the message. Oh yes, Lord. And that's why I'm happy tonight. Oh yes, the windows of heaven are open. Oh, the blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. For Jesus made everything right and I gave him my own child. He gave me a ro up your [Music] w and I'm feasting today on the m and that's why I'm happy tonight because the heavens are open. We sing the windows of heaven are okay. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy and joy. Oh, there's joy in my heart for Jesus. Did everything right. I give it my whole [Music] child. Give me the ro of your heart. I'm fishing today on the matter and that's why I'm happy tonight. Let's sing that one more time now. Oh yes, the windows of heaven are open. We have an open heavens tonight. The blessings are falling tonight. Oh, there's joy. Oh, joy. There's joy in my soul. For Jesus, he made everything right. I gave you my whole child again. He gave me the ro of your wine and I'm feasting today on the matter. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. I'm happy to. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you tonight, Lord. Thank you, Lord God, for your word, Lord Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord Father. Oh God, Lord Jesus, you said, "Oh, Father, Lord God, the the the the the the spirit of prophecy, Lord God, Father, oh precious Lord, that I've come, oh Father, from your seventh tonight upon the people, Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, opening our minds and opening our spirit to to realize something that is already there, Lord God, that we are worshiping on an open heavens, Lord Father. Lord God, Father, may we learn, oh God, every time we get down in prayer to thank you that the heavens are open to, oh God, Father, thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can come on a open heavens, Lord. Father God, where you led captivity captives, you give gifts unto men. Father, Lord, you, oh God, Father, you conquer principalities, Lord, empowers us and dominion, Lord God, Father, you brought down every stronghold, Father God. Lord, that we can have access, Lord, to the throne of grace, Lord. Father, oh that Jacob ladder can be hooked to our hearts back to the throne of God, Father. Oh, we thank you tonight, Lord. We thank you precious Lord. Thank you for your sweet presence oh God Father. Thank you Lord God Father for the ministration of the word the liberty of the Holy Spirit oh God to speak to us tonight oh Father God and Lord Jesus Christ oh Father rebuking oh God father the enemy from over your people Lord and their possessions oh God father and their families oh God Lord Jesus and oh Lord everything that concern them. We thank you tonight. We pray and we ask that father God you would just bless yourself and strengthen him oh God. Oh father Lord Jesus we pray oh God father as we look forward for the wonderful service tomorrow God we just ask that Lord may we go in the strength of what was preached tonight Lord Jesus. May we go Father Lord and make it real to our hearts Lord. Make it real to our hearts oh father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Blessed be your holy name tonight in Jesus precious name we pray. And the church says And the church says And the church says let's give the Lord a hand of praise [Applause] [Music] [Applause] tonight. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We love the Lord tonight. You enjoy the word? I mean, it was beautiful. Let me tell you something. I I I never saw this until tonight. Until tonight. You remember I've been preaching on D a couple of weeks, but it's tonight that I make the connection with 21 days of fasting. It's something that is that has come down in the caric hente churches. People want to go 21 days of dry fasting. What they are trying to do is to fight against the prince of Persia. Amen. Because Daniel was praying 21 days. So they believe that they have to fast and pray for 21 days. Praise the Lord. Amen. You have to be caught into fasting. Yes, sir. Amen. [Music] If you have a clear heavens, why are you going on a hunger strike? When you have a clear heavens, yes, sir. When you are fasting, you are having communion with God. You don't need to go on a hunger strike. The heavens is already open. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. When God has already make an open way for us, we try to do something to gain God's favor. He has already led captivity captives. He overcome principalities in power. That was what the ascension was all about. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I would tell you I would tell you just this week uh uh sometime this week I I I came and I was just spending a little time in prayer and my neck or I was just feeling I just said Lord I'm just feeling pain on my neck Lord is I'm feeling it's it's discomforting and I want to pray and I mean I think he just sent an angel just faming. Praise the Lord. Amen. You just have to say it. Amen. You don't have to be banging your heads against the wall. You don't need that. That's right. You have to just commute. You have to make it real. This whole thing is real. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. I mean, it's just it's just so it's just so amazing the things that God has taught us through the ages. [Music] Amen. There's something on my mind. I'm going to leave it for another time. I could just I could just uh do a handshake here to tonight and and and you know and just and just carry you all over the place. But that was one of the thing that that really caught my mind tonight while he was preaching and I thank the Lord for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. I've I've already had a different and uh uh which of course we try to encourage you and and you know uh structure through the word on all of those things. You even look through the scripture where Jesus says uh uh this do not go out except by fasting and praying. Do you know how the how what twisted is there you there are two things that is there with the cool net do that because of unbelief. Yeah. So is it the demons that don't go out or it's unbelief? What stop the demons is our unbelief. Yeah. So people want to pray, fast and pray to cast out demons and they don't want to deal with unbelief in their life. Be merciful father. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a blessed people we are. Amen. Amen. What a blessed people. What a friend we have in Jesus. Amen. What a friend. is not a song for a believer. It's not a song. It's a reality. What a friend we have in Jesus. Amen. [Music] Oh, we thank the Lord tonight. He has a way of coming and making and honoring your effort. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. You really enjoy the word tonight. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. I just worship the Lord and uh uh I will not be defeated. Let's sing. Amen. just sing there tonight. The Lord bless you. Let's say tomorrow at 10:30 song service at 11:00. [Music] We must rejoice. That's right. You must express that that happiness with our expression. We must express it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. When the word go forth, let's express it. Let's tell the Lord thanks. Let's express it. [Music] The Lord is on my side and I will not be denied. I will not be defeated. No, I won't. Oh yes, I will not be defeated. No, I [Music] won't. I will not be defeated. No, I won't. You know the Lord is on my side and I will not be and I will not be defeated. So I won't [Music] I would not be I would not be I Oh yes, the Lord is on my side and I will not be I don't defeated. Oh my [Music] god way. You know the Lord is on my side and I will not be denied. I will not be defeated. No I won't s come against me. Oh, [Music] sle way. You know the Lord is on my side and I will not be denied. I will not be defeated. No, I won't. Yes, I will not be defeated. No, I won't. I will not be defeated. No, I won't. You know, for the Lord is on my side and I will not be denied. I will [Music] not stand for the Lord one more time. Oh yes, I will not be defeated. No, I won't. I will not be defeated. Oh, I won't. Oh, yes. The Lord is on my side and I will not be I will not be defeated. Oh, I'm crazy now. That's crazy. [Music] [Music] God and gives you my [Music] way to my way. Oh yeah. The Lord is on my side and I will not be denied. I will not be defeated. No, I won't. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory be to God. Thank you, Jesus. That's what the ascension is all about. Hallelujah. Amen. You would realize that in the Old Testament tabernacle, there was no seat. Because the high priest have to be walking, right? He never sit down. Yeah. When he entered the tabernacle, there was no seat. There was tables, but there was no seat. You never hear about a seat in the Old Testament tabernacle. Because it was a busy place. Praise the Lord. It was a working place. That's right. Praise the Lord. But after the work is done, [Music] he sat down. Amen. After the work is done, Your work is done. You can sit down. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Let's come back tomorrow. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's come back tomorrow. With more praise. Amen. Amen. We're going to have a little a little time of rejoicing because I mean the heavens is open. The heavens is open. Make sure you get a good breakfast. Praise the Lord. I'm warning you now. Make sure you get a good breakfast. Come with a smiley face. Praise the Lord. [Music] The Lord bless you tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] There's no one There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. I look all over. No one. I can't turn around. No one. I walk all over. There's no one. There's no one like him. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. I look all over and I turn around. I walk all over. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like me. I walk all [Music] over. I turn around. I walk all [Applause] over. There's no one. There's no one like him. Oh, there's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. There's no one. There's no one like Jesus. There's no one. There's no one like him. I look all over. I turn around. Lord, no one. I walk all over. No one. No one. There's no one. There's no one like me. Hallelujah. Celebrate. [Music]
