################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - 03-30-2025 Sunday Service Bro. Moses - Restoration - Moses.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   03-30-2025 Sunday Service: Bro. Moses - Restoration
Speaker: Moses
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZ_LQJPk7Gs
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus of your grace to trust thee. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust you. How I prove you over and over. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. Jesus. [Music] Jesus, how I broke him, how I love it over and over. Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him. Oh, so sweet to trust in Jesus. just to take him worth his word. us to rest upon his promise and to Lord the sinner Lord Jesus Jesus how I trust him how I'm moving over and over. Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him. Oh, I'm so glad I learned to trust thee. Precious Jesus, Savior, friend. And I know that thou art with me, will be with me to the end. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. Move him over and over. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. of grace to trust him more. Jesus, Jesus, how I trust him. How I prove him over and over. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, preious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him [Music] more. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. It's always a privilege to be in the house of God this morning. We have few announcement here. Um fresh one here. God bless you saints. There is a card um in the entryway to sign for sister Michelle um the loss of her dad. God bless you. That's from sister Kelly this morning. Okay. Shalon saints, please join me in prayer for sister Ducas who is not feeling too well. It's from sister Anna. God bless you. Let's remember our sister in prayer this morning that the healing grace of God will rest upon her. And this is from brother William. A short glory to God's name from brother William. God bless you this morning. Let us put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Turn to somebody and give them a smile this morning. Praise God. Hallelujah. It's always a joy to be in God's presence. Amen. Let us all stand as we invite the presence of God. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you God for this solemn time. Such a wonderful moment. To God, it's always a privilege for us to gather around your word, around your table. Lord, may you bless the service of today. Bless the song service. Bless the preaching of your word. Bless and anoint the preacher this morning. Lord, we pray that you fill us with your spirit. Fill us, oh God, with your Holy Ghost. We thank you, heavenly father, for everything, every aspect of the service this morning. We give it all to you, heavenly father. Remember those who are screaming online. Even pray for those who are on their way coming. Pray that your blessing be with them, oh God. Lord, we thank you, God, for all those needs that we have. We bring it before your throne of grace this morning. We thank you, heavenly father, for many, many things that you've done. Be with us, oh God. We thank you. We bless your name. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Hallelujah. Put your hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. To God glory. Let us shout glory this morning. Amen. You ready to worship this morning? Amen. Just dance for the glory of God. Amen. Just dance and just forget about those problem. God will take care of them. Hallelujah. Clap your hands. [Music] By and by, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are guarding home, we tell the story how we overcome, fall beyond understanding better by and by. By and by, when the morning comes, when all the Hallelujah. We will tell the story how we overcome for we understand it better by. Oh by and by when the morning comes when all the we tell the story how we overcome or we understand it better by and by. We are often toast and driven on the restless sea of town from skies and how the turn of fox see the bright shine in the land of perfect day when the mouth rolls away. Will we understand it? Hallelujah. By and by, when the morning comes [Music] home, we will tell the story how we overcome or we understand it better by and by. We are often destitute of the things that life demands. One for food and one for shelter. Test the hill and balance. But we trusted in the Lord and according to his word. [Music] When the morning comes, when all we tell the story, how we overcome, for we understand it better by and by. Oh, victory Jesus my savior forever. Trust [Music] me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him. And all my love I knew him. He brought me to victory beneath a cleansing th. Oh victory Jesus. [Music] and all my love and dream to victory with me. Oh victory Jesus forever. With his redeeming blood he loved me. I knew him and all my love knew him. He pushed me to victory beneath the cleing flow. Glory to your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. What a joy. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Or I'll ask the deacons to go ahead and pick up the offering. I don't know. Let's go ahead and sit. We have a special here. Redeem met this morning in Florence. I have a special. I think that um redeeming is it brother one. Oh, okay. I made brother one be ready for that this morning. Hallelujah. All right. You guys are welcome to come and give us a special this morning. Included that [Music] [Music] [Music] Princes and daughters kneel at the throne of grace. Losers and winners, saints and sinners, one day we'll see his face. And we all bow down. Kings will surrender their crowns and worship Jesus for he is the love. Unfailing love. He is the love of God. Summer and winter, the mountains and the rivers whisper the Savior's name. Awesome and holy, he's a friend to the lonely. Forever his love will rain and we all bow down. Kings will surrender their crowns and [Music] worship Jesus. For he is the love, unfailing love. He is the love of God. He's the light of the world and God of the [Music] Christ and we all bow down. Kings will surrender their crowns and worship Jesus. He is the love unfailing love. He is the love of God. And we all bow down. Kings will surrender their crowns and worship Jesus. He is the love. Unfailing love. is the love of God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Let's clap for Jesus this morning. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. All right, let's go ahead and stand and stand as we continue the song [Music] service. Look and leave my brother. Look to Jesus now and leave. It's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. Only that you can live. Who can leave? My brother live. Look to Jesus now and leave. It's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. It is only that you look daily. I have a message from the Lord. Hallelujah. His message unto you. I believe it's recorded in his word. Hallelujah. It is only that you look and leave. Look and leave my brother. Look to Jesus now and live in his word. Hallelujah. [Music] only that you live. Have a message full of love. Hallelujah. A message, oh my friend, for you. It's a message from above. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I know is true." Who can leave? My brother lives. Look to Jesus now and leave. It's recorded in his word. [Music] Hallelujah. Your hands. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, look who can live. My brother live. Come to Jesus now and leave. It's recorded in his word. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank God for the blood. Thank God for the blood. Thank God for the blood that washed me white as snow. Oh, thank God for the blood. Thank God for the blood. Thank God for a blood that washed me white as snow. In sin I wonder with bleeding heart and aching head to Jesus as we piece it. I'll take thy sins away. Oh, thank God for the blood. Oh, thank God for the blood. Thank God for the blood wash. [Music] Fill my way every day with love. As I walk through the heavenly window, let me walk for a while with a song and a smile. Feel my way every day with love. Oh, feel my way. Hallelujah. [Music] Feel my way every day. Oh, sing it again. Feel my way every day. Hallelujah. As I walk through the heavenly door. [Music] in my way every day with Lord in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory in the name of Jesus. Blessed name of Jesus. The mouse will have to feed when we come in the way of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before Jesus. We have the victory. I got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back to see my Jesus. Oh good, I stay no longer with you. My pleasures of sin. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind. Oh, goodbye world. Hallelujah. I stay no longer with you by pleasures of sin. I [Music] said I've got my mind made up. Won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus. Oh, goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I did up my mind by oh good by one by pleasures of sin. I made up my mind to go the rest of my [Music] life. God the rest of my life. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk through the heavenly door, I still for a while with a song and a smile. Feel my way every day. Oh, sing it again. Feel my way every day, Lord. Hallelujah. I have let me walk for a while with a song and smile. Fill my way every day with Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. The joy of the Lord is our strength. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. I wake up this morning with my mind. On Jesus, I wake up this morning with my mind. Stay on the Lord. I wake up this morning with my mind. Still on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Still on Jesus. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Still on the Lord. Walking and talking with my mind. Still on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I woke up this morning with my mind still on Jesus. I wake up this morning with my mind. Say on the Lord. Woke up this morning with my mind. Sing on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I woke up and singing with my mind. Still on Jesus. I woke up and singing with my mind. Stay on the Lord. I woke up and singing with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Still on Jesus. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Still on the Lord. Walking and talking with my mind. Still on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Amen. Jesus think about us this morning and that's the reason why we are here. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. All right, let's go ahead and sing this song as we change the out of service. Hallelujah. Just focus on him this morning and just meditate on him this morning. Thank him for all that he has done. Give him the praise and give him the glory. All the hills far away, stool and all. I am lamb of freed and shame. And I love that old cross bear rest and for all season. [Music] Oh, I cherish your broken [Music] cross. Till my thrust I lay down. And we cling to the old rocked [Music] cross and exchange it someday for our crown. to that old rug or cross. Oh, despised by the world does a wonderful session for me. For the dear lamb of God left his glory above to bear [Music] calary for a your rocked cross till my drop is the last I lay down. I will cling to the old rocked B and exchange his Sunday for a crown. In the old rug and cross stain with blood so divine wonderous beauty I see for it a crosses. suffer and I to sanctify [Music] [Applause] me all Allen [Music] cross highly in our You all right? [Music] Yes. Oh, I cherish. Thank you, Lord. The old [Music] rock till my last lay down. [Music] And I will clean till the rocket [Music] growing [Music] zomb. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Uh, Brother Andrews, you are welcome back. Hope you had a good travel. And, uh, praise the Lord. I thought Sister Bridget and her little one will be in church this morning, but she's also back. And, uh, it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord. we have in few prayer needs we want to take and then uh uh before we go into changing the order of the service for preaching this morning. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. The Lord has been so faithful. And uh Sister Elizabeth want to want me to thank you sisters uh uh all of you that were able to come out yesterday then I mean last week. Sorry. Woo. Yesterday last week and then uh for all your prayers, all your love that you you share with her. She make sure she reminded me this morning uh because I kept forgetting. So, she want to thank you for all your flowers, your cards, and everything that you you send her. Praise the Lord. And uh uh she's doing better. She's looking forward to being in church. Amen. Praise the Lord. She's looking forward to being in church. [Applause] And uh uh brother Peterson sent a prayer request for his wife, Sister Geneva. She's not feeling well. And uh so we want to remember her this morning and uh that the Lord will be able to touch her and and heal her. Praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] I want to take this uh uh prayer need came in just this morning uh praying for sister Allayia and her family. They are going through a custody case over their granddaughter. The judge has ordered them to go through uh a mediator on Wednesday to see if they can find a solution. Not sure how that will work. The kids uh were taken out of a home full of alcohol and drugs, living condition, praying for the Lord mercy on the kids. So I think these are the grandparents that are struggling to rescue the grandkid maybe from a child that is also struggling with uh with drug and alcohol. Uh praying that the Lord mercy on the kids, the mom and the grandparent. Amen. And we want to remember that also praying for brother G uh David Gman. The doctor said uh he has some extra beat going on on the upper and the lower section of his heart but they have decided not to do anything other than to monitor it. Uh they did go ahead and clear him to uh to see a GR doctor and uh uh and do some other test. So we just want to remember our brother that whatever is that extra heartbeat the Lord will be able to take complete control of it. Amen. And uh I don't know whether it was this morning or uh or yesterday uh we had another small flight uh flying in from De Mo yesterday. Yeah. Okay. Coming in to Minneapolis that kind of a crash and and uh I mean these uh it's an ongoing thing. uh uh uh but the thing about it that is that uh as as God's people we we we turn to see patterns we watch patterns when things are taking a certain pattern then we start to ask what is this okay so uh uh uh and we know that uh I mean we we in such a time were all around of all around us is uh you know signs of judgment. Okay. Signs of judgment on the the the abomination that is done in the city. Signs of judgment nationalwide and there was another magnitude of of earthquake that till now there are thousands of people still under the rubble while we are sitting in church this morning in in in uh Mymar. So, I mean, all of these things are happening, but one day there's there's going to be an uplifting, amen, for people out of the earth. And we are looking forward to that. I'm telling you, don't miss it. Amen. Don't miss it. Praise the Lord. And uh before we change the order of the service or let's just let's just take these knees to the Lord in prayer. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you, Lord God, and appreciate you, Father, for giving us another time to come into your house, Lord. Father God, we we love you. We we glorify your holy name and say what an what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father, Lord Jesus. Almighty God, we want to lift our sister, Sister Jenny, in your hands. Lord, pray for sister Elisper. Father, pray to God, Father. Lord, for all the unspoken needs, oh God, Father, in our midst, Lord, and those Father, Lord, that couldn't make the service this morning streaming from home, oh God, Father, and even those that had to work, Lord, we just want to lift your children in your hands, oh God, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we see all of these things, Lord, that are happening around us. to God. Father, Almighty God, Lord Jesus, you told us to to lift up our heads because our redemption drawing night. Oh God, so we pray that Father, Lord Jesus, bring us a word this morning, Lord God, that we that we lift up our head, that we lift up our spirit, that will give us an expectation, Father Lord, we don't want to be unl spectators, Lord, we want to be partakers this morning, Father Lord. So let the Holy Ghost come and just take complete control. Come and bless us in your presence, Lord. We love you. We appreciate you, Father. We glorify your holy name. What an awesome God. What a wonderful father you are, Jesus. We pray, oh, Father God, just just bless us in your presence now, Lord. Bless us, oh God. Oh, we love you. We thank you. We appreciate you, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Come, oh God. Have your way upon our life now. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father you are. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray with faith and thanksgiving. Come and have the preeminence, Lord. Come, Father. Lord, dominate the service. Oh God, let it be because of you. It's all about you, Father. Come, Lord. Glorify yourself this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Before we change the order of the service, we have uh uh brother Moses Donga. He's actually from Malawi and uh he be speaking for us this morning. Came by to see me and uh we've been been talking on the phone and uh we had a good visit yesterday and uh so uh we asked him to to speak for us this morning and uh uh he's a he's a home brother to brother blessing back there. uh they all grew up together there in Malawi. So uh it's good to have our brother but moreover moreover I was I I took an interest in uh knowing our brother because he just took over the other assembly when their pastor went to be with the Lord and uh uh I mean uh it's is it's a big church. So uh uh I took I took interest uh you know to get to know the brother and uh because uh you know there's there's a whole lot that goes into into the work of the Lord you know uh that uh a man will feel confident uh to know that he have a son that he can be able to entrust what he's doing and our brother is doing a lot of work there in Mosmbique. Uh it's a kind of a Portuguese area and they having an outreach going out there and all of that and and and I'm fond of that. I'm not on the fear anymore, but I'm fond of mission work. I love mission work. Praise the Lord. But before we have him come, I will ask uh brother Augustus to come. Come, brother. Come and greet us. And uh he's actually a pastor from Seleon. He's uh visiting the country. his uh brother lives right in the apartment here. So uh uh instead of uh just flipping the television, he choose to come to church. So and uh so we we want to honor him. He's a preacher. Amen. He's a pastor of an assembly. So we want to honor him and uh take the liberty. Just greet the people. God bless you. Hallelujah. Good morning. I'm privileged to be among these wonderful people. Really there is no difference between my home and your home that I'm talking about the church and being since we are all brothers and sisters in the Lord. The Lord directed me here and for the first two Sundays I was between us chapel but to be true I was not home but when I came the very first Sunday I saw myself home and that's the reason why I'm very much familiar with model songs that you are singing and that's the way we do things home and so is the Lord's doing and it is marvelous in his sight And so I greet you all. My wife though she's not here. I told her about you people and she extends her greetings to you all. I have a very beautiful wife. Yeah. With four daughters and then one boy. In Africa we give birth to many children. That's how we are. I say a man is known in his community by the amount of children he has. So people fear you but if you don't have I pray that those that don't that haven't that God will bless them with children because children inherited from the Lord and it's a blessing. So once again I thank you all for receiving me and for giving me this opportunity to greet you this morning. God bless you all. [Applause] Praise the Lord. And uh uh we I told you I was here one time in a week and then I was I was I just got down on my knees to pray in the office and I heard the door banging. Said, "What's that again?" So I was trying to just set my mind. I'm trying to get some things off my mind and just prayed and but I heard they insisting at the door. So I said, "Let me get there and see." When I I pass through my window, I saw him, he and his brother. So I said, "Okay." I just opened the door and he, you know, just wanted to let me know. Uhhuh. He saw the place a church and he will be here on Sunday for service. So I said, "Okay." And then after the service, we we had to visit a little bit in the office. And and uh then I knew that he was a student of the word. Amen. Yeah. Because a student of the word will always uh one they will appreciate the word and the second thing there is they are the they will address you by the word. We had a little talk around the word. I knew I said well okay I think uh he's a student of the word. And so when you are preaching to a student of the word you got to be careful. You just don't you know don't bring bird out of the heart. You know we want to see the egg before we can see the bird. You know don't just bring us bird out of the heart. So praise the Lord. And so it's it's just good to have our brother with us. Amen. And uh uh it's good. It's good when you when you see people that love the Lord. And uh will will come and take the time to to it's is it's uh you know it's one of those things that is difficult you know to just submit yourself to another authority. But you know in the scripture we saw a parting of the end uh when that uh uh centurion met Jesus he said you are a man of authority just like I am just speak the word. Amen. So authority recognize authority. So we thank the Lord for that. Let's stand on our feet. We'll sing the song and then brother Moses will come and bring us this morning and praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Sing the song. I found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's everything to me. He's a fairer than 10,000 to my soul. Oh, he's everything to me. He's very of 10,000 to my soul. Yes, he's the lady of the valley. In him alone I see. Oh, I need to cleanse and make me holy. Oh, in sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble, he's my s. He tells me every kiss on him to roll. He's the lady of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fest of 10,000 to my [Music] soul. He's all my grief has taken and all my sorrowful in temptation. He's my strong and mighty tower. I have all for him forsaken and all my adulter from my heart and now he keep me by his power. No other world forsake me. Satan tell me so. Through Jesus I will save me reach my go. He's the lady of the valley. The bright and morning star. He's the parish of 10,000 tum. He will never never leave me. He will never never leave me. Forsake me. Yeah. What I live my faith and do his best will. I want to fight about me. I'm nothing to fear. With his light on me, my hungry soul champion. Oh, sweet up to glory. See his blessings where my sim shall ever roll. He's Lady of Cali, the bright and morning star. He's the fierest of fantousing to my [Music] soul. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I will turn the service over to the preacher. The windows of heaven are open. play that softly for me. But before I do that, I will greet uh uh Mrs. and my Sam and Grace William. Congratulation to you. This is the seat of mercy is not Joshua. So I won't take a case against you, but we're glad that you had a safe travel and you people are back. You are welcome to the house of the [Music] Lord today on the man. Oh yes. And that's what I'm happy to. Oh yes. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart. Jesus made everything right. I gave you my old t of gar and he gave me a roll of pure. That's why I'm feisting on the land. Oh yes. And that's why I am happy. One more time now. Oh, the windows of heaven are the blessings are falling tonight. The joy, joy, joy in my heart for Jesus everything. I gave him my You gave me a while Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. I greet you all saints in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And I would like to thank the Lord Jesus for keeping us alive. and making it possible for us to have fellowship today. Amen. Uh in a very special way, I would like to salute the man of God, um brother War. Um, we've been talking for some time and um I take it as a great privilege and honor to stand before you today and uh we've had fellowship uh is one friend that you can learn a lot from. Amen. And uh as believers of the message, I would say you're blessed to have such a one as your pastor. Amen. Yeah. Um I take I bring greetings from my wife. Um um and I also talk with um brother Elton White, the pastor of Eco's Outreach Ministries in Virginia. and he also send his regards. Amen. Uh I would like us to read the Bible and pray before we sit down. So let's um let's read two scriptures. Let's start with Ecclesiastes. Ecclesiastes 7. Ecclesiastes 7 verse 8. Um, and then we are also going to read the book of Joel and then we'll pray and sit down. Ecclesiastes 7 verse 8. The Bible says, "Better is the end of a thing than the beginning thereof." Uh, and the patient in spirit is better than the proud in spirit. So better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. Um and then um I would also want to read the book of Joel. Joel chapter 1 verse 4. That which the palmer worm hath left has the locust eaten. And that which the locust have left as the coner worm eaten. and that which the conqueror worm has left at the caterpillar eaten. We will skip to chapter 2 verse 25. Chapter 2 verse 25. and I will restore to you the years that the locust hath eaten, the conquer worm, the caterpillar, the palmer worm, the great army which I sent among you. And so God is is giving a promise of restoration and he says, I will restore the years. Uh verse 26, and you shall eat in plenty and be satisfied, and praise the name of the Lord God that has dealt wondously with you, and my people shall never be ashamed. Let us just pray. Our loving heavenly father, we've read the scriptures. We commit the word into your hands. Uh give us today our daily bread. Um, we may have done things that are not right in your sight. We pray that your grace and mercy cover us. May your blood be sufficient to wash away all our sins, all our iniquities, all our transgressions. We want to have that perfect fellowship with you. Attend to our needs. We have different needs. uh but you are the allsufficient one and there is no limit to what you can do for us. Do all manner of wonderful things. If there be any in our midst that are sick, may you heal them to your glory. If there be any that are lost, may they be saved to your glory. And those that have need of the baptism of the Holy Spirit, may you grant it to them, oh Lord. May we just have that wonderful fellowship and may we see you in in um in the way that you see fit for us this morning. Uh bless brother War the pastor of the congregation and bless the saints as we'll be going through the word. Give me favor before your people Lord that may I may speak only that which pertains to you and that which can build edify and correct and put us in the right place. I pray asking for all these blessings in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ our Lord and Savior. Amen. Amen. God bless. You may be seated. Uh so I just want to speak on a uh simple thought of restoration. Restoration. So the Bible says better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. So I just want you to keep that in mind. Now here in the book of Joel, the palmer worm, the locust, the canker worms, and the caterpillars were eating the tree that the prophet refers to as the bride tree, which is the church. And God gave a promise of restoration. He said, "I will restore." Amen. Now in terms of restoration, God says I will restore the years. Now if there is a thing that man cannot restore is time. Is time. Uh once you lose it, you cannot restore it. But God is promising in the scriptures that he is going to restore the time, the years. Meaning to say that whatever was lost, if uh this was here and then it gets lost, it can easily be replaced like that. But God is saying, "I will restore as it should have been if the loss never took place." Are we together? Which means God doesn't just restore it to where it was, but he always restores it with extra because he doesn't want the time to be lost. He restores the years. So anything that would have been regarded as interest gained, growth attained, all that at the time of restoration will be included back. That's what it that's what it actually means to restore the year. So when God restores, he restores with extras. Let me just go through a few examples. Uh in Exodus 2:1, there was a man that went out of the house of Levy and took a wife. And the woman conceived and gave birth to a child, that's a child Moses. And when she saw that the child was goodly, she hid him three months. So this child is a proper child and the mother is not willing to lose the child. But fellow and the Egyptians are grabbing all the children that are born male and throwing them into the river Nile. Now, the woman thought she could keep the child, but when she realized that she couldn't keep the child anymore, she took the child, put her put the child in the ark and uh uh did some pitching there of the ark and took the child right to the lever to the river where they were throwing the children and the sister stood a far off. So, the child is in a basket. The mother has lost a child's is in a basket is in a river. And the the daughters of Pharaoh, that's verse five, came down to wash herself in the river. And her maidens walked along by the riverside. And when she saw the ark among the flag, she sent uh a maid to fetch to fetch the child. When they found that there was a baby in the basket or in that small ark, she realized that it was a uh one of the children of the Hebrews. Then Miriam the sister came and said, "Shall I go and call for a nurse uh among the Hebrew children that she may nurse the child for you?" So now the child, not only is the child in the hands or in the river, but now he's gone into the hands of the enemies, the Egyptians, right straight into the hands of the Egyptians. But now when Miriam comes, he says, "Can I look for somebody that can take care of the child?" So I just want you to see the simple example of God restoring, but not just restoring, but restoring with the extras. Amen. So when the the mother of the child said go and bring that uh that woman, Miriam went and brought the mother of the child. And when the mother of the child came in verse 9, the Bible says, "Fellow's daughter said to her, take this child." That's God restoring. "Take this child away. Nest the child for me." Not only that, I will give you wages. I will give you wages as you will be nursing the child. So it was like she had lost the child. But when God was restoring the child back into her hands, not only did the child come alone, but the child came with a pay. God restores always with extras. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now the prophet in the message uh uh the resurrection of the bride the scripture that he read that I took interest in is Genesis 20:7. Genesis chapter 20:7. So in that story, a king looks at the wife of Abraham not knowing that this is the wife of Abraham because Abraham concealed that information and Sarah also concealed that information never gave it to them. Now when this king took Sarah, took her into the house, wanting to marry her, God came and said, "You are as good as a dead person because that that woman that you want to marry is not your wife. Is my servant's wife. You're as good as a dead man." And he tried to make his excuses. He says, "That's why I'm warning you. Don't touch her. Now in verse seven, he says, "Therefore restore the man his wife. He is my prophet. He will pray for you and you shall live. If you don't restore her, then you shall die and all that is yours." There's a lot that can be said there. But when Abc was bringing Sarah back to Abraham, he didn't just bring Sarah. He brought Sarah with extras. Are we together, church? Sarah with extras. Because in verse 16 of the same chapter, it says, "And Abra or the king said to Sarah, behold, I have given your brother, a thousand pieces of silver for the covering of your eyes." So he brings the wife, he also brings silver. God always when he is restoring, he always brings extras. Are we together, church? Yeah. The same can be looked about in the story of Jacob. Jacob lost a 17year-old boy, a teenager was sowed uh and then was sowed and then went to Egypt and then there in Egypt, Joseph rose up the lanks to become the governor. Then God restored the child back to Jacob. But he didn't just bring a 17-year-old back to Jacob. He brought a governor. Not only was Je Not only was Joseph able to take care of the world, but was also able to take care of the whole family of the Israelites. When God restores, he always restores with extras. So that's the that's the God that we save. Now there's a story there's a story in the in the Bible uh that I I would like to make reference to in 2 Kings chapter 8 verse one. 2 Kings chapter 8 verse one. Now there was a woman uh who did service to the man of God Elisha. And then after some time Elisha realized that this woman had done so much for the ministry. When you do something for God, God will always remember you in some way. God is is always going to remember you. So um Elisha asked Gaz said, "What can we do for this people?" And then Gas said, "Okay, they don't have children. If you can if you can ask God for a favor of a child, it will be great. So, uh Elisha prayed. They got a gift of a boy. When they got a gift of a boy, one time the boy died when they were in the field. Uh she still believed and God brought the child back to life. And then after some time, after some time uh in 2 Kings chapter 8 verse one, the word of the Lord came to Elisha to give a prophecy of a ferment that would come in the land. Then spoke Elisha unto the woman whose son he had restored to life, saying, Arise, go thou and thine household, and sojurn wheresoever thou can for the Lord has called for a famine, and it shall also come upon the land seven years. There will be famine in the land. go away, go to a place of your choosing because there will be ferment in the land for seven years. And the woman arose and did after the saying of the men of God and she went to her household and sojourned in the land of the Philistines. Seven years. Now for those who believe the message of the hour, you know that God has allowed us the church to go through seven ages. So now you can look that in type here that she traveled to a land of the Philistines and stayed there for seven years. And it came to pass at the end of the seven years, at the seven years end that the woman returned to the land of the uh out of the land of the Philistines and went forth unto the king for her house and her land. So when she was leaving, she had land and she had a house. Okay? Now she travels because she doesn't want to be affected by the famine in the land. She travels to the land of the Philistines. After the seven years, the famine was over. Then she came back. Now she needs the property back because uh according to um the the the law of redemption, everybody that lost something when they had to come back, they had to go back to make a claim of whatever they had lost or whatever they had given up uh because of circumstances. So she went to the king and said uh I need my house back. I need my land back. So we just uh go to verse four. And the king talked with Gaz, the servant of Elisha, and said, tell me about uh I pray thee all the great things that Elisha has done. And it came to pass as he was telling the king how he had restored the so that story that I gave as a background. He told him everything uh that the child was restored back to life and all that the Lord had done. And Gea said, "My lord, O king, this is the woman. This is the son whom Elisha restored to life." And when the king asked the woman, she said, "Okay, you say your side of the story." Then so the king uh she told him and the king appointed a certain officer. So that's a that's a scripture portion of scripture that stimulates me. The king appointed a certain officer. Why? There is a reason. Because restoration just doesn't just come. The king couldn't just say, "Ah, go get your house and land." No, he said he appointed a certain officer to go with the woman. Go with the woman. Saying, "Restore all that was hers." So the house and the land has got to be restored back to this woman. Because when God restores, he doesn't just restore what was lost. The Bible says, "Restore all that was hers." And that's that's the extras. And the fruits of the field since the day that she left until now. So if somebody occupied that house, he has to pay rent seven years of rent back to the woman. If everybody was selling the fruits of those fields year after year for those seven years, everything that was corrected in Leu has to be given back to this woman. Why? Because when God restores, he doesn't just restore it what it was. He restores with extras. Hallelujah. Are we together church? He restores with extras everything that was lost plus the years. That's why the promise of restoration, God said, I will restore the years. Are we together, church? I will restore the years. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now let me just uh read a quotation here of what the prophet says uh in the message um the restoration of the bride tree is talking about enforcing. So this woman could not enforce the promise on her own. That's why she needed an agent an officer to go with her. Now in paragraph 88 of the message the restoration of the bride tree he says enforce we have the privilege to enforce upon Satan the claims that God give us for God has a law and his word is a law and God in his in this word made a certain uh made certain claim claims to the church. Therefore, we have the right to force these claims upon Satan. Give it back. Give it back. Give it back. And the devil has to I am preaching to a people tonight who have lost things. I'm speaking to the believers today who may have lost whatever you have lost in your life. I know some of you would have been somewhere by now. I mean, you know, you know your issues. Sometimes the devil will rob you of your health and incapacitate you in some way and you can't be able to get the results because of the loss. Now God God says you have been given the power to enforce to go to the devil and say give it back. give it back to me. Whatever you have lost from the time that you became a believer, by now you'd have been a champion of faith. But sometimes the devil will cause you to sleep. Sometimes the devil will cause you to fall. Sometimes the devil will cause you to fail. And along the way, you lose some things. But God has given us the power today that we can enforce the promises of God. We can enforce the promises of God and we can go to Satan and say, "Give it back to me." That's right. Because we can take God's urgent because God has given us an officer to reinforce the promises of God. Just that just like the king gave an officer to that woman to say go and make claim everything that is yours plus the years that were lost. God has got an agent, the Holy Spirit. That's right. God has got an agent, the Holy Spirit. That's the one that we go with to the devil. So you can go today. Amen. Listen, church, you have got to believe God that he is. You don't have to believe in the God of history. No, you don't just have to read about the Shunomite woman. You've got to take yourself and put yourself in the channel. When you put yourself in the channel, say, "This is me. This is my time." Then take God's urgent, the Holy Spirit, and you can face the devil and say, "Everything that I've lost over the years, I make claim." Give it back. Give it back in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. And the prophet says, "It's thus sayith the Lord." He has got to give it up. Why? Because the Holy Spirit is there, God's urgent, an officer to reinforce claims and to make restoration as it should be to restore with extras. Are we together, church? Now, the church that was based on the day of Pentecost has gone through ages, seven ages, but there's been balamism. There's been neglaninism. There's been Jezebelism. All these kinds of spirits that have crept into the church over the years from the nent council 325 AD. You know that Jezebelism is the dominance of the woman. And God hates that spirit. We had it too. We don't want to say our church says we want to say the word says. Right. Come on now. Because we don't want the woman to dominate. We want the man Christ to dominate. And balamism, God headed it. We also heard it. What? What was balame? Balameism is looking for a cause to go with the negative route to case the people of God. And in that instead of trying to please God, you please yourself to for gain. We don't want to do that. We don't want to please people for gain. We want Christ to be lifted to be seen in the lives of the people. That's right. So we hate that. God hates it too. And Nicolatanism is uh the headquarter says the headquarter says the headquarter says and you are talking about the hierarchy of people. God has it. The system of denominationalism. God hates it. We also hate it. We are the headquarters of the message is the Holy Spirit. The kingdom of God is the Holy Spirit. Are we together, church? Amen. So, we want that to prevail in our midst. Now, here's the thing. Um over the years that was eating up the tree, the church, the tree was eating it up and so much was lost and had to go through a reformation. And by the grace of God, we came to the age of restoration. Now God, as we have seen in all these other examples, does not just restore it to what it was. He restores it with the extras. So you've got to believe if I am preaching the same gospel that Peter preached. When Peter preached the people received the Holy Spirit, then I've got to get the same results. When I preach, the people have to receive the Holy Spirit as well. Why? Because God is restoring what was there. They brought their sick and they they they got healed. Even with Peter's shadow, today when we get our sick in the presence of God, they've got to be healed as well. Why? because we've been restored back. That's right. What it was. Isn't that a beautiful thing? That's why because they baptized in Jesus Christ's name, we baptized in Jesus Christ's name. That's why because they had Jesus as the principal theme. We have Jesus as the principal theme. Everywhere they went, they preach Jesus. That's why everywhere we go, we preach Jesus. Why? because we've been restored back to what they had. Right? And all these great signs and wonders and miracles, the gifts operating in the church. They had it in the early church. We have it again here. The same. It has to be the same because Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we've been restored back to that. But listen, church, God doesn't just restore it what it was. He restores it with extras. So I want to read a quote. I I may not be able to read it all but something in the in the in the message of the talking that the prophet said in the message of the talking. He says he done more miracles right here. He's talking about Jefferson view. He done more miracles right here in this tabernacle than he did in the entire ministry on earth. So what he did in the early age is compared to what he has done at the end of the age, he has done more today than he did at the beginning. Why? Because the Bible says better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. Better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. Amen. And you've got to look for more. You've got to live under expectation, church. God has made a promise. God is f is faithful to fulfill his word in your life. Listen, those in the bride only do his will. The word is in the bride. You speak the word, he will perform it. Amen. So that's why the prophet says he did, he has done. It's not man. It's Jesus who did in the first place. It's Jesus who is doing at the end at the end of the age. Amen. So you've got to be under great expectation. There's something else that I want to read from the message. um in the message um the invisible union paragraph 324 the invisible union it says the word that fell on the day of Pentecost will not work this day no sir that was for Pentecost this is for the bride lady going home of the bride. We've got something different. The Pentecostals represented that again. Again, it means restored to what it was and we are here in the bride age. So what is the prophet saying? What the prophet is saying is whatever was there in the first age has been restored but we have got something more. That's why he says we've got something different because we have something more. Why? Because when God restores, he restores with extras. Amen. You can only please God with faith. If you believe, you see more of God. If you can believe God today, you can see more of God today. Amen. So we are living in the age that brother Brandham calls the bride age or the age of the wife of Christ. And you've got to discern the body because in the fatherhood dispensation the body of Christ was in a pill of fire in a light in a cloud by day. Sometimes you would appear in a form like the angel of the Lord the way he appeared to Abraham in different kinds of forms. That was the body of Christ. But in the new covenant, he appeared as a human being, the Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible made a promise that there would be an Emmanuel, God with the people. That was the body of Christ in those three and a half years. But Paul says we are the body of Christ. Today we are the body of Christ. So if if the world is going to see God again is going to see God through the wife. That's right. And there was supposed to be a time that this would come forth. And brother Brandham says the bride age or the age of the wife of Jesus Christ. And you are the people. I am blessed today to be speaking and addressing those people that have been bought by the precious blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Redeemed for a purpose, raised for a purpose. We are not here just to go. We are here to manifest God before we go. Amen. What God had in mind, the adoption was what he had purposed in his mind for us to come to the image of Jesus Christ to manifest God on earth before we go. Amen. All right. Let me go back to my scripture verses. I would like to pick uh a few more examples. In the book of Job chapter 1 is a job chapter 1 is a scripture of loss. Job chapter 1 verse 13 says there was a day when the sons and daughters were eating and drinking wine uh in the elder brother's house. And there came a messenger unto Job and said, "The oxins were plowing and the asses feeding beside them and the Sabians came and they took them all away, slain the servants, and I'm the only one that escaped." And while he was speaking, somebody else came and said, "Fire fell from heaven and bent up the ship and everything else, and I'm the only one left." While he was speaking, verse 7, another one came and said, "The Chaldans made out three bands and fell upon camels and carried away them and slain the servants in the uh with the edge of the sword, and I'm the only one left." And while he was speaking, there came another one and said, "The sons and daughters were eating and drinking in their elder brother's house, and behold, there came a great wind from the wilderness and smote the uh the four corners of the house, and fell upon the young men, and they were dead, and I am the only one that escaped." Job. So, it's a chapter of loss. one thing after another. It was like God had taken out the hedge and the owner preserved his life. Now this chapter doesn't say that Job's wife also started misbehaving. But you can actually see if you follow the story that even the wife's attitude changed. Right? So when everything is going on good in your life, most of the times you've got a lot of friends and a lot of acquaintances, brothers and sisters, your relatives will always be ringing around gre giving you greetings and everything. God, you've got I mean you your life is comfortable. So relatives will be around, friends will be around. It's easy to fellowship with people that have got everything going on good with them. But when the loss came, even his friends, his family members, his acquaintances distanced themselves from him. The closest of his friends accused him of being a sinner. So his sheep lost, his camels lost, his houses lost, his fields lost, bent with fire, his cattle lost, everything lost, his servants dead, dead, dead, dead. And then his health also lost. He lost his health. Developed boils all over the place. And then he was just one man hanging in there on a heap of ashes. It's a chapter of a loss. But I love the Bible the way it's written in Job chapter 1 verse 20. Then Job arose, rent his mantle, shaved his head and fell upon the ground and he worshiped God. He worshiped God. What do you do when you go through a loss? What is your attitude when you go through a loss job after everything? You've got to be the kind of believer that confuses the devil because when the what the devil was expecting is after he had done all that, Job would turn and say, "Oh Lord, I curse you." That's what the devil was expecting. But Job arose. He He tore his mantle apart. He shove his head and he worshiped God. He said, "The Lord gave. The Lord has taken. Blessed be the name of the Lord. When you go through a loss, it's your opportunity to confuse the devil. Worship God. Praise God. So, it's a chapter of loss. Then he went through these hard times. But after the 40 chapters in the middle in Job chapter 42:10, the Bible says, "And the Lord, because God made a promise, I will restore." God is a God of restoration. He restores. And the uh and the Lord t the captivity of Job when he had prayed for his friends. And also the Lord gave Job twice. Why? Because when God restores, he doesn't just restore it what it was. He restores with it extras. He restores it with the extras. That's why he restored to Job twice what he had before. I love that. I I love that when I lose something, I know that it's coming. It's not just coming. It's just It's not just coming as it was. It will come with double. It will come with interest. It will come with extras. Every time I go through a loss, I always remind myself of these scriptures. Everything that I've lost would come back with interest. it will come back with extras because it's God's way of restoring. Every time he restores with extras. Amen. And now in verse 11, beautiful. Then came there unto him all the brethren because is a time of restoration. This is a glorious time. The time of restoration. Then came his brethren and his sisters because now everything is backed on. He has got he's got his life organized now. He's no longer one lost soul on a b on a heap of ashes. No, he's he's living in uh abundance. He's living in abundance. So the brothers, the sisters, they came and all that his all that were his acquaintances, the friends, they came and they did eat bread with him in his house and bemoourned him and comforted him over all that the Lord had brought upon him. And not only did they eat and drink and comforted him, every man also gave him a piece of money and everyone an earring of God. When God restores, he restores with extras. Hallelujah. Are we together, church? Yeah. Now that we know that we in a time of restoration, this is a time of shalom. This is a time of peace. You don't keep grudges. Job never kept grudges. Job never turned around and said, "Are you brother, you remember what you did to me? You brother, you remember what? You remember the argument or you remember the disagreement we had?" No, no, no, no, no. When God restores, it's time for reconciliations. Listen, church. Because we are living in a season of restoration. Don't keep grudges with anyone. Don't don't fight another believer. Don't keep grudges with another church. Don't keep issues with anyone else. Be at peace with all people. Eat with them. Drink with them. And let their be giving. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We are the masterpiece like Joseph. You see, when Joseph, he was swared by his own brothers, he was just being built up into a masterpiece. Are we together? He was just being built up into a masterpiece. When he had lost everything, he had lost his family. When the time for reunion came, even though, think about it, they even they hated him so much that they even forgot his face. Yeah. They completely forgot his face when they came. They didn't even recognize their own brother. That's what hatred does. It's not a good thing. You will fail even to recognize your own. But because he never kept grudges, he never kept any issues when he saw them coming. He knew each and every one of them. That's the kind that that's the bride material. Don't keep grudges. Don't keep issues with people. Remember that the brothers and sisters though we may have issues at some point we will spend eternity together. And when he was and when he began to unveil himself what did he do? He put the first plate Reuben the second one the second born. The third one the third because he knew them. The fourth one and the last plate Benjamin. And they were surprised. How is he able to put the plates together like this? Because he was brothers with them and they ate together at the table. So when a time of restoration comes, it's a time to reunite. And better is the end of a thing than the beginning of a thing. I'm a young man, but sometimes people will want to flood me with thoughts of the past. People will say when the message just began, oh, we used to love each other. Oh, we used to pray for each other. Me I say I don't drive the road looking through a layer view mirror. Better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. We will love each other more today than they did before. We will pray for each other more today than they did before. We will fellowship with each other more today than they did before. Why? Because better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. And when God restores, he restores with extras. If they had wonderful fellowship, we will have excellent, wonderful fellowship. If they had love, brotherly kindness, we will have excellent brotherly kindness. If they used to share, we will share excellently. We will have fellowship with us like never because better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it and we are living in that season. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Um so other people who say when the message just came there were miracles everywhere. The blind uh the the people's eyes that were blind could open. The dead could come back to life. But we don't hear about those things anymore. I tell them I said relax. I don't I don't go down the road looking through a layer view mirror. Paul said forgetting those things which are in the past. I press on to towards the mark of the high calling in Christ Jesus. You've got to believe God for today because people are interested in what happened and what is going to happen but they ignore what God is doing in the in the in the present. That's right. So God is doing more miracles today. God is doing great and wonderful things today. Amen. You just have to go into that channel, look at the scriptures that are that are to be fulfilled in your time. Then ride on them. Ride on the promises. Stand on the promises and you will see God is faithful. Ever faithful. That's right. God is ever faithful. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. So they brought each money and they ate together with Job. And the Bible says, so the Lord verse 12. So the Lord blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning. For he had 14, which is double the sheep, double the camels, double the oxen, double the uh donkeys, and double the everything. And he also had uh seven sons and three daughters which is now double because the other ones God preserved them for him. He had already offered sacrifices for their mistakes. So God preserved them for him and God gave him more. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Are you still following? All right. Uh in Genesis 15:14, God gave a promise to Abraham, a promise of restoration. Uh verse 14, sorry, chapter 15, it says uh your verse 13, it says, "Know this for sure that your seed shall be strangers in a land that is not theirs, and shall save them, and shall afflict them uh 400 years. and also the nation whom they shall save I will judge and afterward they shall come out with great substance. So there the word great substance means great worth. They will be prosperous people when they will be coming out. So it's a promise of God. It can never fail when they will be coming out. When I'll be bringing them out because God doesn't just restore with nothing. He restores with abundance. Now, when I'm talking about abundance, I'm talking about abundance in every area of life. You've got to believe God that is able to help you in everything that that pertains to life and godliness. Your physical life will be better. Your spiritual life will be better. Do you believe that? Blessed be the name of the Lord. It says here uh that nation I will judge and afterward they will come out with great substance and um great substance there means a lot of items. That's why in Job chapter 1:3 it says his substance was great and he's talking about sheep and this and that and the other. In Genesis 13:6, it says, "Abraham talking about him being rich and Lord being rich as well." It says, "For their substance was great." So, it's talking about material wealth. Amen. Amen. And you've got to believe that for yourself as well. Everything that you have lost over the years, God is faithful to give it to you. Amen. So, what happened? They had been enslaved for 400 years, not seven years. 400 years. That's a long time. That's a very long time. And when God says, "I will restore the years," it means he will restore 400 years. Amen. That's why these Israelites when they were coming out, they would come with great substance. That would come with great substance because it was a promise of God. A never failing promise of God. A promise of God that doesn't fail. Now, let me just read another scripture for you and then we'll we'll go into something. uh then maybe I can see where I can settle down here in the scriptures in Exodus chapter 12. Exodus 12 verse 35. Exodus 12:35 says, "And the children of Israel did according to the word of Moses and they borrowed. So they were not like uh just plundering you know they went respectively and said uh can you give us that? Can you give us that? We are going to worship for a little bit. will come back. Can you give us that? But you know, they were not going to come back. They were going to the promised land. But they came and said uh they borrowed from the Egyptians jewels of silver. Jewels of God and rain. So they had gold, they had silver, and they had reignment. And the Bible says, "And the Lord gave the people favor." So, one of the scriptures that I love so much, when God's favor is upon you, you will find favor with people. When God's favor is upon you, you will find favor with people. When God's finger has pointed at you, people's fingers will point at you. You see, God had pointed his finger at Joseph before he was in when he was in Canaan. Already, his finger was on him. But his favor was him was on him and was following him all the time. When Portifer wanted to choose a supervisor, he couldn't do otherwise. He just went to Joseph. Why? Because God's finger was on him. When the jailer in prison wanted to choose a supervisor, he just pointed at Joseph because God's finger was on him. And when he stood before Pharaoh, he said, "Find a man." Joseph speaking to Fellow, find a man who can look after these things, who can take care of all these issues. But because God's finger was on Joseph, Ph said, we don't have any other man. That man is you. Amen. So when you have God's favor, you will find favor with people. Amen. Amen. And that that's my prayer for each and every one of you listening that may God's favor be upon you so that you can find favor with the people. Amen. And the Lord gave him favor in the sight of the Egyptians and they reigned unto them as much as they required and they spoiled the Egyptians. The Bible says they took advantage of the Egyptians. So when God's favor comes upon you, take advantage. So they said I I was also thinking about this one. Can I also have this? Can I I I was also can you just give me that one as well? And at that time the Egyptians were shivering like this. Say take take. So when God's time of restoration comes, it's a time of take take. So as I am preaching to you right now, think about what you have lost. Think about those things that you have lost and take take. And they had so much in abundance. You see, when they wanted to worship a calf, they made a golden calf because they had so much gold. And when God said, "I want you to build an ark of the tabernacle of the presence of God." God said, "Make it of God." And the people brought a lot of God until Moses said, "That's enough." Amen. until the the the ministry needs such blessings to the extent that the leadership can say well you do you have done too much you have done too much you have done too much me I believe in me I believe in abundance I believe good health in abundance a good and prayerful life in abundance happiness in abundance good relationships in abundance why because our God is not a limited God we save we save a living limitless God. He can do exceedingly abundantly and more than we can ever think or ask. And the prophet of God comes to you and say, "Church, ask big things." Ask for big things. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Now, uh I was just talking about the Israelites, but sometimes the devil will come to you and will just rob you of certain things like David. David was a good believer and every time he was singing, was in a very good relationship with God. His heart was connected to God. He kept the laws of God in his heart. He was a wonderful person. But sometime he slipped. He did backslide. and he lost the joy of his salvation. You see, so some of you may have slipped along the way. You know that the type of Christian that you were supposed to be and the type of Christian that you have been maybe there is a deficit here and there. You may have lost the joy of your salvation. But David prayed a prayer. He said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." Amen. That's right. So, let that be your prayer as well today. Because this message that I'm preaching to you has got to take effect in your life today. May God restore to you the joy of your salvation. When God restores, when God restores you back to that place where you can have that good relationship with him again, he can also restore to you the joy of your salvation. If you were not in church and singing hallelujah and praising God freely because of the issues that you had in life, may God change that because the devil is happy when you are bound. You come to church, you just cover a religious space. But that's not what God wants you to do. God wants worshippers who can worship him in spirit and in truth. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. You've got to be able to worship God freely. Freely. So may God restore to us the joy of our salvation. Amen. So sometimes the devil comes because the Bible says in John chapter 10 verse 10, a thief comes not but to steal, to kill, to destroy. And the adversary in this context of scripture is referred to as a thief. A thief comes but to steal, to kill, to destroy. But Jesus says, "But I have come that you might have life and that you might have it more abundantly. abundantly. See, so a thief comes. That's why God had to include that in his divine wisdom. He had to include that in the restoration process because some people would get robbed of things that that belonged to them, rightfully belong to them. In Proverbs 6:30, the Bible says, "Men do not despise the thief." People have got no problem with somebody stealing food because maybe they're hungry. That's what the Bible says here. Men do not despise a thief if he steals to satisfy his soul. Do you do you listen to that? Verse 31 says, "But but if he be found, if that thief is found, if he be found, he shall restore sevenfold." He shall restore how many times? Sevenfold. He will not restore it to what it was. He will restore with extras. So the devil is a thief. And today we are in the presence of God. And the thief has been caught. The thief has been caught. Amen. The enemy has been caught. And what does the Bible say? He must restore. Give it back sevenfold. Amen. Whatever you Whatever you lost, God has got to give you back times seven. Whatever the devil robbed from you has got to be given back to you sevenfold. And by that I mean everything sevenfold. Blessed be the name of. Amen. Um now let me uh settle and end with this. Um we've talked about the restoration of the church. That's why we're saying we are in the capstone age in the day of Jesus Christ and we are the ones that are supposed the embodiment of the Holy Spirit to manifest God in this age. That's who we are. So is a masterpiece that has never been there before. everything that God had in mind about the expression. Remember the first F is him in Jesus Christ. The second for is him in the church. The second for mystery of God is him in the church. So we've got to manifest and leave that. But after that we've got to go back further to what we lost. What else did we lose? We lost our estate in the garden of Eden and that is for all mankind. We lost our position in the garden of Eden. The devil came and robbed us of our status, deceived uh the woman Eve and he made us lose everything. Now listen church and you young people, you should know that there used to be harmony and the earth was beautiful. There used to be harmony on earth. People used to live comfortably with the lions, the elephants. When you look at a a leopard, you know a leopard. When you look at a leopard, in those days you'd be looking at a friend, something that you can go and hug. When you look at a crocodile, in those days, you'd be looking at something that you can hug, embrace, and pray around with. And the hornets too. You know the hornets? Those insects which when they bite you they inject poison into you and you become so sorry and poisonous. Sometimes they can kill you. All these killer boos were friends with human beings. That's what we had at the beginning. And all the wealth of the earth belong to man. And dominion in the air on earth and in the sea. Everything belonged to man. And there was harmony. There was peace. There was harmony. There was a presence of God until man lost that estate. The devil came and robbed us of that estate. Now the Bible in Romans chapter 8, I love this scripture. Romans chapter 8 verse 19. The Bible says for the illness expectation of the creature waitth for the manifestation of the sons of God. So nature is still waiting. You see? So the same beautiful roses that were in the garden and then Madame Eve would go and just you know play with the flowers in the garden. The same thorns when they when the the flowers when Eve sinned they developed thorns plants became poisonous now man has to choose maybe this one is poisonous maybe this one is maybe this one is like this this one can kill you this one can't keep it never was like that there were never thorns there was no poison but when she sinned thorns developed in the flowers she tried to touch the flowers and then ah Yes. She looked at the leopard and she was like, "Hi, leopard." And then the leopard would go into a tree and look at her and the leopard sees dinner. It looks like if I can just tear her up and eat her. She comes like a leopard leopard. And the leopard is like because everything changed when the four came. There was no harmony anymore. Everything was just turned upside down. And furthermore, even when the human blood fell into the ground, worse because the blood speaks. Remember, the blood always speaks. The blood of Abel started speaking from the ground. And think about all the wars and everything that has been happening. Blood dripping into the earth. The earth moans. Blood. Human blood always speaks. Because that man was supposed to be the king of the whole universe as far as the earth is concerned. But everything was lost. But God said, "I will restore. I will restore." And once in a while, the presence of God could come down and then it would just surround one of his people. Like in the days of Noah, you see Noah came to the same lions and he said, "Lions, come, come, come." And the lions were just coming and saying, "Okay, where are we going?" Just temporarily, but God was proving that when he restores, it will be back to harmony again. It will be back to harmony again. Amen. Are we together, church? Yes. Once in a while, the presence of the power of God that restores. Sometimes it comes and it engulfs one of the believers. You see, it does that when when Daniel was thrown in the den of lions, the presence of God just came as it was always with Adam and it surrounded Daniel. And when they when he was thrown into that den and the lions would just be like, "Oh, oh, what a friend, Daniel. What a friend." Temporality. But God was showing that he he was showing us the believers that he will restore it to what it was. And when when Jesus Christ came, you see the whole earth felt a difference. Everything within the earth and the universe felt a difference because he could he could speak to a tree and say, "From today onwards, you will not give fruit anymore." And then the tree would just say, "All right, sir. Yes, sir. Nature realized that there is somebody who looks like Adam. There is somebody who speaks like Adam. There is somebody who represents God like Adam. And when the seas were raging on the sea, there were waves going high and low. When Jesus Christ woke up from his lips, he said, "Peace, be still." And the water was like, "Oh, he sounds like Adam." The water settled down again. Why? God was showing us that there is a restoration coming. There is a restoration coming. And by the grace of God, after everything had been lost through the ages, we see a man from this country. This country right here, you can actually listen to him speak. We know he used to be here. He had a family somewhere. I believe most of him know him. when he was clearing the glass on his compound, the hornness the hornness came in large numbers and they were coming at me and he said, "Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I'm very sorry." And they were like, "Oh, he speaks like Adam." They he speaks like Adam. And they went back to their nest. He says, "I don't want to disturb you." And the killer boo the killer boo when it met him is like, "Okay, I'm going to finish this one." It started charging, gathering momentum to just hit him and then he says, "Sorry, Mr. Boo. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. Take take heart. I'm going to pray for another creature. So, you take heart." And the boo was like, "He speaks like Adam. He speaks like Adam." And then he just he just shrink back. You see and that opera psalm it knew that there is somebody who can pray for me and he himself didn't know but the presence of the of the lord could be able to whisper to these creatures to say that there is a restoration coming but the creatures are groaning creation is groaning waiting for the manifestation of the children of God and here was a wounded animal that had children to take care of so it went to the preacher and the preacher prayed. It received baggage healing to prove that there will be there will be restoration. There will be harmony again. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And there are so many things that God has done with different servants. You remember brother when he went in the mountain and there was a storm. What did he do? He spoke to the storm when those little animals that he could have killed but he had made a promise to God that he will not kill more than enough. They found comfort in his presence. All these are just simple examples to tell us that there will be harmony again. We will be in a millennium again after we go in the rapture. After we come back, there will be harmony again. Amen. So the creation is groaning. That's why when they killed Jesus on the cross, when they killed him, even the earth, it shook. The earth was angry. It shook. Rocks broke. There was a great earthquake. Why have you killed him again? We were feeling a little relief. We had a little leaf. Why have you killed him again? Hallelujah. And it was in the afternoon and the sun said, "No, no, no. I'm I'm not going to shine again on these people." And there was darkness. Even the son was angry. Why have you killed him? There's got to be. But all these are just stories to tell. I know there are things that God has done in different places in the world after brother Brandham is gone. But we can all agree on what we all know. Are we together? Yeah. But there's God has done with different other people all over the world because there are so many children of God on earth that God deals with. So there will be a restoration and there will be a millennium. So that is what Adam lost. Are we together? But we don't want to just be restored to what Adam lost. No. No. No. No. No, we want more. Why? Because God when he restores, he restores with extras. All these other problems that we face on earth in the garden of Eden, they never started in the Garden of Eden. There was something else that happened. There was a rebellion in heaven. There was sin that came in heaven. There was a battle that was fought in heaven. So that brought a disturbance. So God will make sure that he will not just restore it what it was because Adam and Eve were in the garden. that the devil was alive. So we don't want to have the devil around. We want a restoration with extras. We don't want temptation to be there. We want restoration with extras. So after the millennium, there will be a white throne judgment and everything that is against God will be thrown and destroyed in the lake of fire. Then after that, remember God would come in the evening and go back. He would visit in the evening and go back. But that's not what we want. After that, the Bible says, "I saw a new heaven and a new earth." There, there came down from heaven, the new Jerusalem, a city, a garden city. It came down on earth. And brother Random preached the message, the future home. It's not like it was in the Garden of Eden. It is the future home. The end of a thing is always better than the beginning of it. So God will not be coming and going. No. The Bible says God will be with his people. He will be in his people. We will be living next door to God. We will be living in his presence. He will be living with us. We will be his people. He will be our God. There will not be heaven and earth. It will all be one. Heaven and earth will embrace. We and God will live together forever. Not for a thousand years, forever. And that city will be a golden city. But now God has given a ch a chance to have a privilege of living in a golden age now. So temporarily we can experience the benefits of what is to come in a small measure as we are looking forward to that. But in a small measure we can begin to experience like Joshua and Calibb and the other they went into the promised land. They brought some grapes to prove to us that there is more coming. Better is the end of a thing than the beginning of it. And by the grace of God, I can declare to you that your end shall be better than your beginning. Your good days are still up in front of you. God can do a new thing in your life if you just only have to trust him. You just only have to believe him. And in there, everything that all the children of God ever lost will be given to them. And it was given to brother Brana as a promise. All that you love, all that ever loved you will be given to you. Think about it. All that he loved and everything else will be given to. And that is not the promise just to one person. Is a promise to all the children of God. All that you love, all that ever loved you will be given to you. It's a it's an unfailing promise of God. You love the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. But what can we do today? We can just reinforce the promise of God upon the things that the devil has robbed us in our lives. Amen. God bless you. I don't know if you know that song. Uh well, I'll ask the pastor to come and pray for us, but I don't know if you know that song that says um you deserve the glory. God deserves the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name. You deserve the gloryy and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles. so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. One more time. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory. and we [Music] honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name. You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. We honor Lord. We lift our hands in worship as we bless your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. No one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Let's just continue to worship the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] Say the Lord. I will restore. Say the Lord. Jehovah promise. [Applause] Holy Ghost promise I will restore. Thou said the Lord. Yes, I will restore. Thou said, Let it to him now. Oh, I will restore. Said the Lord. Oh, I will restore the Lord. Jehovah Christ. Holy Ghost promise. I will restore the Lord. I will resto it to me. Oh Lord, I will restore. Say the Lord. I will restore. Said the Lord. Behold the Christ the Holy Ghost promise I will restore the Lord. I will restore. Oh, let's just sing it to him one more time. Oh, I will restore. Say the Lord. I will restore the Lord. Jehovah promise the Holy Ghost promise. I will restore thou said no. I will restore thou said. Oh, let's just praise him now. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you, Father. That's your word. Oh, I will restore the Lord. Jehovah promise the Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. Thou stand the Lord. I will restore. [Music] Oh, you can claim it this afternoon. You can claim it this afternoon. Whatever you are believing the Lord for, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. [Music] I will rest. Thank you Lord. Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. He said I will restore. [Music] Oh, that's what he said. I will restore alone. Jehovah promise the Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. the s the Lord I will restore the s let's just lift our hands let's just pray together let's thank the Lord for his promise of restoration is a promise unto you and to your children and to as many as the Lord our God he promised that he will restore Oh father, we just thank you Lord this afternoon. Oh God father we appreciate your word. We appreciate your presence father. Thank you Lord God. You remain the same yesterday and forever. You said you will refer everything you thank you. God bless your blessed be your name Jesus Christless be your name Jesus your name Jesus we thank you oh God we bless your name oh God bless your name oh God bless your name Jesus thank you Jesus [Music] hallelujah I will resol Yes Lord Father I heavenly father God be a holy Lord everything that belongs to them mighty God father Lord God oh precious Lord all the wasted years yes oh God father all the wed years that we can never redeem Father thank you Lord we thank you Lord Jesus we thank you Lord God yes Lord thank Thank you for your word. We pray that God, Father, you will bless your children. You will remember glorify God. You will manifest yourself in your lives. Oh father, because you are the same yesterday, today and forever father God. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. You are to be blessed. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you precious father. I believe in you presence. We are believing you. We are believing you father Lord. I will you visit us Lord in every aspect of our lives. Yes Lord. I will go. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Yes Lord Father Jesus [Music] people I will restore the Lord Jesus. I will restore. [Music] Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you father. Bless your name. Hallelujah Jesus. Lord. Oh hallelujah Jesus. Thank you father. Lord you are the god of res. Thank you precious Lord Jesus. God of res. Almighty God. Yes Lord Jehovah God. God I believe. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes Lord Jesus. Thank you father Lord. Thank you Lord God. Thank you precious Lord. Thank you father. Thank you God has taken away from me. Let your name be praised. Thank you Jesus for you. Thank you father God. Powerful word of resation. Thank you Lordesus. Amen. It's a promise. You promise it, Lord. You promise it, Father. Lord Jesus. You said you will restore the years, Lord. Father God, meet your children, Lord. Father, every need in their lives, every need in their homes, every need, oh Father, in everything that concern them. Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, manifest yourself as the God of restoration. Oh God, in their healthful father, Lord, in their finances, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord, thank you Lord. Thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you almighty God father. You have promise. Thank you. Holy Ghost promise your I will restore. You have restored. Thou said the Lord and give him glory. I will restore thus say the Lord. Oh, let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wanting to be praised. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes. Yes Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh we thank you Lord. We thank you Jesus. We thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. I say yes Lord. Yes, I will trust you and obey as your spirit spoke to me. We find oh Lord I grieve my answer will be yes Lord yes. Let's sing that one more time. Oh I say yes. Oh yes to your will and to your will I say yes Lord yes I will trust you and when your spirit speaks to me with my whole But now I grieve and my answer will be yes. Lord yes. Oh yes. I I'll say yes, Lord. Yes to your will and to your will. I say yes, Lord. Yes, I will trust you and when your spirit speaks to me with my [Music] hope and my answer will be yes Lord. [Music] Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, we thank you, Lord. What a wonderful presence. Amen. Wonderful word. Amen. Wonderful word. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We want to remind you if you would not be yet in the week, next Sunday we uh we will We would take up a communion service in the evening. So if we want to just uh keep that in mind, prepare ourself, sit with your family and uh uh uh sit with the children, sit with your wives, and you know, let's just prepare oursel for the communion service next Sunday. You know, uh uh uh the Elijah ministry is the ministry of restoration. Amen. Amen. And we can say that this is the date of Elijah. Amen. Let's sing that song. No one like Jehovah. Amen. Because this is the date of Elijah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are you ready, brother Lawrence? I don't have voice. These are the days of Elijah, declaring the word of the Lord. These are the days of fulfillment. Moses righteousness may be restored. And those are the days of great trials of laughter and darkness and war. Still hear the voices in desert crying preparing the way of the Lord. Before he comes riding on the clouds, shining like a sun. As a trumpet fall, lift your voice. The year of jubilee of Zion till he saling on the clouds. Shining like the sun. As the trumpets fall, just lift your voice and hear of Jubilee. Out of silence, salation come. These are the days of physical. The trials become a [Music] flesh. And these are the days of your [Music] ser. These are the days of the harvest. The field of his wine in the world. And we are the neighbor in your vision. Declaring the declaring the word of the Lord. The holy God come riding on the clouds. Shining like the sun at the trumpets fall. So raise your voice. The year of jubilee in out of silence is salvation [Music] come riding on the cloud shining like the sun trumpets fall your voice the air of jubilee out of s like Jehovah There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Oh behold you riding on shining like the sun as a trumpet. Lift your voice and yet you believe in fire he will salvation. There's no like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud shining like the sun as the trumpet falls. So let your heart of jubilee and hill one more time. No one like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. But behold, he come riding on the cloud shining like a song at the trumpets. I will let him voice the air of Jubilee and of his salvation before he comes. Oh, riding on the clouds, shining like a sun. Let the trumpets fall. Raise your voice. The air of Jubilee and out of Zion till he [Music] [Applause] [Music] sal the year of jubilee. [Music] The year of jubilee. [Applause] The year of jubilee in the scripture is actually the year of restoration. That's what jubilee is. Amen. Amen. When that 50th year comes, you got to give back everything. Amen. The year of jubilee actually is the year of restoration. So when your jubilee comes, he gives you everything you had lost and he even give you extra. Oh, behold he comes riding on the clouds shining like the sun at the trumpet fall. So let's go for the year of [Music] jubile. Oh, he call riding on the clouds, shining like the sun like a trumpet fall. Lift your voice up to be and out of Zion. No one like Jehovah. One more time. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold in your house riding on the cloud shining like the sun at the trumpet fall. Oh, let your voice say yet and out of Zion [Music] feels. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Put your hands together for Jesus this afternoon. Hallelujah. God be the glory. Thank you, Jesus. Shout glory this afternoon. Amen. Hallelujah. The Lord will restore all the years the locos has eaten. Amen. If you believe it, shout glory. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. All right, let's sing this song as we as we despise this afternoon. God be with you till we meet our king. by his counsel guide uphold you. May his ship securely hold for you. God be with you till we meet. To me, to me, to [Music] me, to me, I Jesus be with me. Till [Music] we go be with you.
