################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - May 11, 2025 Sunday Service Bro Bloteh Won - Possessing Your Vessel - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    May 11, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Bloteh Won - Possessing Your Vessel
Speaker:  Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t35jonLFPD0
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And I see the Christ our redeemer died on the cross. Died for the sin. Paid all is you. bring to your soul with the blood of a lamb. And I will pass I will pass over you. When I see the blood, when I see the blood, when I see the blood, I will pass I will pass over you, Jes. gifts of sin. Jesus will save all he has promised that he will do. Wash in the fountain. Open for sin and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the Lord. When I see the Lord. When [Music] I see the Lord, I will pass. I will pass over you. Judgement is calling all receive. Justice is you. I save him blood and I will pass. I will pass over you. When I see the blood. When I see the blood. When I see of God, I will pass. I will pass over you. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Let's go ahead and stand as we pray this [Music] morning. Yes, Father. Here we are again, thanking you, praising you, glorifying your name. What a joy and what a blessing. What a privilege. Father, we thank you for bringing us here this morning. We thank you for such a wonderful time. Bless our time of worship. Bless our time of praises. We give you thanks and praise, oh God. Bless each and everyone, oh God. Lord, anywhere the gospel will be preached this morning. Let it be blessed in the mighty name of Jesus. Remember those who are screaming online, even those who are trying to make their way here. Lord, bring them safely. Heavenly Father, we thank you God for your gospel this morning. Remember our past, Lord. Strengthen and sanctify him this morning. We give you the glory, the honor Lord, as we're here to worship you, oh God. We pray that you bless our hearts, oh God. We thank you, God, for everyone. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. And today is another special day. Um, happy Mother's Day to all mothers. Let's give them a hand of clap this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Happy Mother's Day. And it's also another great one today. Um I want to thank God for adding another year to my age. Um Lord Jesus, I am grateful. That's from Mir. God bless you, Mir. Today is Mir's birthday. Amen. Amen. So, um, after service, we'll all sing a birthday song for Mir at the foyer after service this this afternoon. Yes. So, we can make our mother, our grandma happy this morning. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Oh, yes. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Just shake somebody hand this morning and say, "God bless you." Hallelujah. Yes. My my heart was distressed. Jehovah dread flow. And low in the pit where my sin dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep merry clay who tenderly brought me to the gold. Oh, he brought me out from the maring cliff. He set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. He brought me out from the burning place. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. It makes me up strong by his side and strength in the heart of life and I remain his face to the crown my king. He brought me out from the morning. He set my feet on the rock today. He pour a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] He brought me out from the burning place. He set my feet on the right today. He wrote a song in my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. He gave me a song to song of [Music] praise. [Music] Hallelujah. I praise my redeemer who has resued me. He come from the mile. He set at my feet on a rapu day. Give holy soul be my soul today. A song of praises. Hallelujah. Yeah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. All right. We have a Mother's Day special song from um Sister Naomi. God bless you. Amen. Let's go ahead and seat as we allow Sister Naomi to go ahead with her song. [Music] I'm putting Ariel on the spot today. So, I wrote this song from my mom and it was it was really touching and I thought I might not be able to play and sing at the same time. [Music] God bless these hands that worked so hard for me. God bless this loving heart. So like you see she sees in me things no one else does. Her hopes are always high. God help me bless this loyal one whose love for me never dies. [Music] You know, we all have a mom. That's why we're here. And maybe this song, you can apply it to yourself with your own mom. Whether she's here still or has gone unto the Lord, she's a precious flower in God's eyes. [Music] Happy I'm just going to skip that line and change it. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I'm glad I finally [Music] realized what a jewel you are to me. How precious your faithfilled eyes in God's by God's grace I'll not disappoint you in heaven too I will be not because I think very much of myself but because of your faith in me. I never could say enough nor give you enough flowers for all that you have done for me. Toiling for many hours. I know I haven't always appreciated your loving concern for me, but God has now opened my selfentered eyes and now I can finally [Music] see. Happy Mother's Day, Mom. I finally realized what a jewel you are to me. How precious your faithfilled eyes [Music] are. By God's grace I will not disappoint you in heaven to I will be not because I think very much of myself but because of your faith in We'll do the chorus again. Happy Thursday, Mom. I'm glad I finally realized what a jewel you are to me. How precious your faithfilled us. [Music] By God's grace, I'll not disappoint you in heaven. To I will be. Not because I think very much of myself, but because of your faith in me. Happy Mother's Day. [Applause] We can clap better for the mothers. Amen. Hallelujah. All right. Let's go ahead and stand as we continue the song service. We'll ask the deacons to come and take the offering as we Hallelujah. Let's clap our hands this morning. [Music] By and by, when the morning comes, when all the sins of God are heard, we will tell the story how we overcome. For we understand it better by and by, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God our God is moved, we will tell the story how we overcome. For we understand it better by and by we are often to dreaming on the restless sea of time. on the skies and how the temper of sine in the land of perfect day. When the mess start roll away, when we understand it better by and [Music] by and by when the morning comes hallelujah of God our we will tell the story how we overcome [Music] By and by we are often destitute of the things that life demands. One for food and one for shelter first and bar land. Oh, we trusted in the Lord and according to his word, will we understanding better by and by and by. When the morning comes when all we will have a story how we overcome for we are nothing better by and by and by when the morning comes when [Music] We will tell the story how we overcome destiny by Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. [Music] Though our way bey will praise thy Lord. Though our way we will praise thy [Music] Lord we will praise thy Lord. Praise thy Lord. Praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We will praise thy praise. We praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. We praise. We will praise thy Lord. We will praise We will praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We will praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. We praise thy Lord. [Music] No. No. [Music] [Music] Merc. [Music] See the power [Music] see. Hallelujah. We will praise thy Lord. We will we will we will praise thy Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Amen. Glory to your name Jesus. No matter the storm, no matter the rain, we'll go through the fire. We go through the smoke. We go through the hill, through the valley. We're still praising, giving thanks this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Amen. One man of God say, you go through the smoke, you go through the fire, but you'll never smell smoke. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. And when one, not even the string on your shirt will burn. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. [Applause] Yes. When the Savior calls, I will answer. When he calls my name, I will hear your call. I will let I'll be somewhere. Listen to my dream. I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. If my heart is right, when he calls me, if my heart is right, I will hear. My heart is right when he calls me. I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere. Listen, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. If my road is white when he calls me, I will hear. If my robe is right, when he calls me, I'll be somewhere. [Music] I'll be somewhere. Listen. I'll be somewhere. Listen. I'll be somewhere. Listen for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listen. I'll be somewhere. Listen. I'll be somewhere. Listen for [Music] my Amen. [Music] So I think let's go ahead and sing the song as we change the order of service. Let's focus on him this morning. Give him thanks and praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Oh yes, Jesus. In moments like this, I'll sing out a song. I'll sing out a lost flow to Jesus. In moment like this, I'll lift up my hands. I'll lift up my heads to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. [Music] I love you, Lord. Singing out. Oh, Lord. I love you. Singing I love you, Lord. Sing it. I love you, Lord. Sing I [Music] love you, Lord. I love you. [Music] sinking of you. Sing out of you, Lord. [Music] Oh, I love you, Lord. I love you. God bless you. could be in the house of the Lord. We want to thank the Lord for giving us u another opportunity to be in this house this morning. And again, we want to say happy mother's day to each and every one of you. What a way to remember our mothers. Amen. And uh we just uh want to be so so so grateful. So grateful. Amen. So grateful for that uh special one in our life called a mother. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So this morning we want to uh let's let's try that song. that I say to you. Um, he didn't throw the vessel away. Didn't throw the clay away. [Music] I send you all uh I send out uh a mother's greetings this morning. And if some didn't get it, I'd like to read this uh while the If the technicians can help us find that song. He didn't throw the clay away. Mother is so great. You know the first one that receive you in this life is your mother. No one can touch you because you are conceived and she b you on her heart and she is the first to know you and the first in this life to hold you. Then when you are born, she is one of the first hand that touch you and uh and wipe back the tears out of your eyes. She is the first one to patch you and to love you and to hold over you in this life is your mother. Now I think that there is not enough honor that we could give to a mother. Mother is the first with the child and she is a great responsibility of what that child will be will base upon the way that mother starts that child on the path of the path that it must travel. Mother has a responsibility from God to place that child on the right path. And I think that's why mother has a special little touch. Amen. Again we say happy Mother's Day. Empty and broken. I came back to here and their soul on the souls died from sin. He did it in that despair. He started over again. And I'm blessed of it. He didn't throw the plan [Music] away. And over and over he pulls me and make me into his likeness. He fight this way. Oh, a vessel of honor I am today. All because Jesus made it through the clear away. Let's sing that chorus again. Over and over he moves me and makes me into his image. He fashion this place. Yes. the vessel of father I am today and it's all because Jesus did he drove the clay away. Let's sing in that verse now. He is the potter. I am the grave. Oh, then in his image he wants me to stay when I stumble and fall and my so great. He just pick up the pieces. He did. He drove the clay away. Over and over me and makes me into his image. He fashion the clay. Oh, a vessel, a father I am to thee is all because Jesus made it through this great way. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Before we go into the service, we will like to read a letter here to you uh some part of u sometime last year. We we had a little uh meeting after church because of a situation we were dealing with. and uh uh and we had to break up that situation before the church. and uh uh which of course we told you at the time that uh we will encourage you to pray for brother Steven Woods and uh uh uh the Lord have been gracious over the couple of months and proceeded after that and uh I think of your prayers. Uh we were able to get the attention of our brother and then uh uh we thought that we needed a little time to to work with him and his family and uh uh he wrote uh a letter of of apology to the church and but I thought that we needed to to get uh ourself to a better with the situation and also with his family. So, and I think uh he and his wife will have love for us to read this letter today. So, we want to want to read it to the church. Dear saints, I write to express my sincere apology and I ask for your forgiveness of my action and the unacceptable conduct that I've been involved in. My action and my conduct are completely unacceptable and unscriptural. I have I have hereby repented my sinful conduct and misbehavior and wish to return to full fellowship. I understand that my action and conduct have caused much more pain to my family, the church and all that uh I love uh in in diverse ways as this was inappropriate and affected both the church and all those involved including myself as well. I also realize that that the best and scriptural thing to do is to fully repent and seek God's forgiveness. I am committed to making amends to such behavior and hope this won't happen again. I thank you all for your relentless prayer. Please accept my sincere apology and continue to pray for me and my family. Thank Thank you for your understanding. God bless you, your brother, brother Stevie Wolves. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Let's bow our heads. And uh brother Dan and brother Dan can come in if you just want to move somewhere back there and just lay your hands on brother Steven while we pray. As we bow our heads together this morning and uh to commit our brother in the hands of the Lord. We have to realize that uh that this concern every one of us and involve every one of us. I don't believe uh that it's a healthy thing for us to go away from church, live any kind of a life, come back to church and just think that it's [Music] okay. The people who love to see you. We'll do our best. But the individual has to realize that it's it's wrong. It's not acceptable. We're living in a society where people love to be celebrated. We stayed away from church. We get ourself involved in all sorts of things. And then when we come back to church, we must be celebrated. We must be praised. I don't think it's scriptural. The church has used that to look for members and gain members. But I believe that when we step across scriptural line, think about the prodical son. It was the father that celebrated the prodical son. But the prodical son said in his heart, "I rather go back to my father house. I would rather be a servant than to be a son because I brought this grace to him. He was not going back expecting to be celebrated. He was going back to say, "Father, I'm sorry for all that I've done." And that is to every one of us this morning. I pray that the Holy Spirit will bring conviction to our hearts to realize there when we do things contrary to the word, we might be selfish about it. [Music] I remember where the prophet God says, "Our misbehavior of unconfessed sin can cause this church to fail." And that is with every one of us. [Music] And we ask that we pray together this morning and ask that the Lord be merciful. We pray together this morning and ask that the Lord will bless our brother and his family, his wife and his children. We pray together this morning and that the Lord will help this church and uh help each and every one of us as we pray together in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, I pray, precious Lord, this morning, Father, as we bring ourself to you, Lord, we ask, oh God, Father, God, and your grace, Lord, and your love and your mercy, oh God, Father. Oh God, we just want to thank you Lord. Thank you precious Lord and say father God and you Lord Jesus oh God have help us to come to this farm in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I pray almighty God oh precious Lord and your grace oh God will step in oh father Lord and just oh God help father Lord our dear brother Lord God father I pray that your grace oh God father will be suffic Your grace, oh God, will move, oh God, in a special way, Father, upon his life, Lord, we pray, oh God, Father. Oh Jesus, oh God, precious Lord, oh Father, in the name of the Lord, Lord Almighty, I pray, Lord Jesus, oh Father, that your grace to be, oh God, Father, with his wife, Lord, you will help them, Lord Jesus, you will help the children, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father, oh God, I pray Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, Lord, for every brother, oh God, every sister, oh father, Lord Jesus, each and every one of us, oh God, Father, if we would just realize, oh Lord, what a responsibility. Oh God, Father, what a responsibility. Oh God, precious Lord Father, I pray it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and say, "Holy Spirit, oh God, Father, that you, oh God, precious Lord, oh God, Father, comes, Lord, help us as an example, Lord, help us, oh God, Father, Lord, help your people, oh precious Lord, help, oh Father God, I pray, almighty God, Lord, that Lord Jesus Christ, you Redeem us, oh God. Father, in your love, redeem us, oh God. Father, in your mercy, I pray this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, I ask heavenly father, oh God, that your grace, oh Lord Jesus, oh father, oh God, you know, father, we pray, oh God, Lord, be merciful Jesus. Oh father. Oh God help precious Lord this local assembling. Oh God father help Lord God the ones that are weak in faith. Oh God help Lord Jesus the backsliders. Oh God find Lord. Oh all of those prodals. We pray that God you would deal with their hearts. Oh father Lord Jesus Christ. Even oh God we that are in church will find our indifferences. Oh God, our selfishness, oh precious Lord, our grudes, oh Father, oh God, I pray that you just be merciful, Father. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name. Blessed be your holy name. We thank you, Father. Oh, we thank you, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Thank you, precious Lord. Yes Lord. Thank you father. Lord Jesus, thank you precious Lord. Hallelujah Lord. Thank you father. Oh Jesus. Thank you Lord. Yes, sweet as snow and sus. Sweetest me. Oh Lord of Thorn sweet as God wrote the song. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Yes. [Music] Sweetest in song. [Music] Sweetest on our thought sweetest care wrote the song. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we want to bring ourself Lord Father to the foot of the cross this morning. Oh God, Father, we all repent of our wrongs. We ask that Lord you will help us, oh God. And Lord Father, we want to place Lord Jesus our sin and the sin of the people under the blood of Jesus Christ and pray that God father as the world will be preached. Oh God, may it be Lord Father the water of separation that is sprinkled upon the people this morning in acceptance of our sacrifice. We love you. We appreciate you father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you musicians. That will be it for the music for now. Praise the Lord. Once again we want to thank the Lord for giving us u another privilege. Let's uh stand on our feet and we want to read the scripture this uh this morning. I've been thinking about how to bring this this morning. I don't know if I found the best way, but I'm going to trust the Lord. 2 Corinthians chapter 4 verse 7. 2 Corinthians chapter 4 verse 7. Praise the Lord. I was expecting to do a baptism this morning, but I don't know if my candidate show up. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, this uh uh uh uh if he didn't show up, then I believe uh you know, the devil uh is waring against him. And as as uh you know as it might it might sound to you a little bit funny but a young man I don't know from which direction around here he came into church on Sunday and spoke with brother Dan and then after service uh uh you know brother Dan brought him to the office uh to talk to me and and then I was just you know trying to talk to him a little bit and find out what was going on He says, "Well, I uh I want to be baptized." I says, "Uh" I said, "Okay." And he said, "Uh, you know, u I've always known that there is God, but this is my first time in church." And I told him, I said, "Okay." So we talked a little bit and I could just see, you know, the the sincerity of his young heart and I says, "Are you ready to be baptized? Do you came with a change of clothes?" He said, "No." I said, "Well, if you came with a change of clothes, I'll baptize you right now." Because you see, the thief on the cross never have that privilege. That's right. I will not care what your doctrine of view is and what you would think about me. I only cared about what God would think about me. Yeah. Because for the matter of fact that is there I didn't preach to him. You never invited him. That's right. And if he comes here and he tell me he want to be baptized. I don't care which church he went to. Right. What are his what the condition of his parents' life? If they were in church or not, if he was ready, I'll baptize him. And if he show up this morning and he want to be baptized, I will baptize him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Jesus condemned the Pharisees of not wanting to enter the kingdom and also stopping people from entering the kingdom. Right? So uh let's read uh 2 Corinthian chapter 4 and we will read verse 7. I'm really really trusting the Lord. I can be be a little bit dramatic this morning. I want to dramatize what I want to preach, but I don't know how how I'm able to do it because I'm not too much of a funny character. Praise the Lord. So 2 Corinthian chapter 4 verse 7, but we have this treasure in effing vessel that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. Now you think about that. What is the treasure? We have this treasure. What is the treasure? Christ in you. The hope of glory. Praise the Lord. We have this treasure in effing vessel that the excellency is not about the vessel. It's not about you. The excellency is about the treasure. God is more concerned that that treasure be preserved. He's more concerned that the treasure be protected. Even if the even if the the vessel is hit left and right, but let the treasure be preserved. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's read a little bit. We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair. Persecuted but not forsaken. Cast down but not destroyed. Amen. Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus that the life which is the treasure also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. 1 Thessalonians chapter 4. First Thessalonians chapter 4. 1 Thessalonians chapter 4. Let's read reading from verse one. Furthermore, then we beseech you, brethrens, and exalt you by the Lord Jesus, that as ye have received of us how ye ought to walk, and to please God, so ye who abound more and more. For ye know what commandment we give you by the Lord Jesus. For this is the will of God, even your sanctification, that you should esteem from fornication, that every one of you should know how to possess his vessel in sanctification and honor. Let us pray. Dear Lord, we just want to thank you, Father. We appreciate you, oh God, for having the privilege to read your divine word. I need your help this morning, Lord. That Father God, we will be able to say something that will draw your people closer to you. Bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. It's uh I mean uh strange to be able to take this as uh uh mother's day message but uh I want to talk about mother as as a vessel of honor. Praise the Lord. I want to talk about mother as a vessel of honor. I want to talk about mother. I want to talk about uh a woman as a vessel because when you look in the scripture even though right here Paul is talking to the Thessalonian church and say we must possess let every man possess his vessel but uh distribly in the Bible. The Bible call woman a weaker vessel. Praise the Lord. So in a general sense we are a vessel and in a unique sense a woman is a vessel the weaker vessel. Praise the Lord. That the word weaker vessel uh uh is being misunderstood. That word being really misunderstood. Uh uh but I pray that as we go into what we want to talk about this morning, we can be able to find a way to bring it that would be a blessing. Praise the Lord. And uh I was uh as I was uh uh studying, I came across I I I came across this and and what actually it was is that the when you listen to God in simplicity and that was just before the opening of the series uh uh brother Brandon preached that message God in simplicity and he was just talking about how simple you know that God made himself how simple he reveal his word to his people he's hid in simplicity is also revealed in simplicity and uh uh but just before that that will be before the dedication of uh of the new church he did a wedding he did a wedding uh right in his office where he blessed a young man and a young woman and he said this let's let's just take there that's on my note first duty he said this he said you know and you might have wondered a few minute ago why I was so long coming out. My first duty. Praise the Lord. He called that his first duty. As I come into the new church, I married a young man and a woman standing in my office. May it be a type that I will be lawyer. I will be a lawyer minister to Christ to uh to get a bride ready for the ceremony of that day. But what attracted me was what he referred to as my first duty coming into coming into the new church coming into dedicating the church. Y said I have the opportunity that my first duty is to be able to unite a man, a young man and a young woman now because that is what uh uh uh redemption is all about. Is heaven and earth embracing? Is God and humanity embracing? Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh to me it was is very unique that he will call that his first duty and to to take that in his mind and says I I you know I pray that doing that will be an example that my ministry will be able to unite people with Christ. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And you know when you start to study it like that you come across something a you know it it leave you to look into okay let me look into other first duty and see what he said were first duty. So uh uh he said this one also Jehovah Gara he said remember when you are sick your first duty is to see your doctor and see what he says and then if he diagnose the case or something that he can science has not been able to reveal to him uh reveal to him any help for you then you have a right to come to God. He is the great physician and pray and have and have prayer pray over you. They do it should do it in every Christian church. Praise the Lord. But that he will consider seeing your doctor to be your first student. I also believe there because I believe God is the one that have blessed medical science. Amen. Amen. Uh for them to be able to come up with the kind of a diagnosis that they are giving us that is uh uh very tremendous. But he will call that a first duty. The first duty is to go and see your doctor. The reason there is that you will just be guessing. You would not know what to bring before God in faith. Praise the Lord. You will be guessing. Are we together? So I think that that was a beautiful thing that he will call that first duty. Let's look at another first duty. Let us see God. But you know I feel like this that a member of a church their first obligation is uh with their tithes and offering is to support their church. If you are a member of uh of of these fine fine churches that represent here, you support your church. That's your first duty to God. Bring your tithes and offering into the storehouse. And the storehouse uh you surely know what that is. Is where you get your food. So there is where you get your spiritual food and your obligation is to your church and not to an evangelist like me. Amen. Okay. So that's your first duty to your local church, your first duty to your health and your first duty. Okay, that that was his first duty. Let's look at another first duty. Maybe this will turn the corner for us. and uh faith in the son of god. I found a I found a young lady that I really love and I asked her if she thought that much of me. She said yes. So we got married and I told her now look all my love I gave to you. No matter what other women are, that woman has my love. Perhaps I go down the street and here come a more attractive girl than my wife. Sometimes you have to admit there. It's a meeting there. And she said, "Oh, Belly, I really love you with all my heart." Now the first place if she has a law for me it bound to be false right cuz my first duty is to what I pledge to my wife. Praise the Lord. Amen. Like I said before, when Eve disobeyed God before Adam, when she got to Adam and told what Adam, I mean told Adam what she did, if you read the Bible closely, you'll realize there was not lot of fussing and uh you know and and argument. Adam quickly identified himself with the wrong of his wife to redeem her. Why? Because there was no second option. She was the only woman. Praise the Lord. She was the only woman. So I mean uh uh he never thought in his mind and you know I I I'll put this woman away and find another way. Where is he going to get her from? Praise the Lord. Amen. You see, so uh the the the the society makes us to think that we have lot of options and that is the reason why you know uh uh many people don't value their marriage coveting because they think there are other option there are better options. So I like the way he said it here. She will be completely wrong. She will be wrong to say she loved me because that love portion in me I have already given it out. Are we together? He says my first duty is to her. If if if if she if she has a love for me, it bound to be false cuz my first duty is to what I pledge to my wife. That's that's her first. I have got to think of her first. She's my first. I told her I did give her all my love. And then my first duty is to my wife. Now look sister see you you are just uh infatuated or something because because you are not in love. See, and I'm not in love with you because I love one woman. That's the mother of my children. See, that's my first duty. Praise the Lord. That's in in your love life. That's in your home. Your first duty is to your wife. Praise the Lord. And uh sometimes society want to make us to think the children is first. No, your wife is first. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Your husband also is first. Are we together? You see a balance? Because the room is getting quiet on me. I'm feeling your vow. Are we together? Okay. Now, so uh that is that is that uh that is just a little uh side note that I just I just started looking into first detail on different things through the scripture and all of that. Now, so we want to talk this morning about uh heavenly treasure in vessel possessing your vessel. And uh and the way I want to talk about it now follow me now. Like I said, I want I want to see if I can dramatize this and and bring us to the place so you can be able to get the picture of where I want to drive to. And uh uh uh the Bible will say in the book of Matthew, praise the Lord. Amen. The Bible says in Matthew chapter 1 or chapter 2, I think we we were there some time ago. [Music] Matthew chapter 1 verse 18. Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise when as his mother Mary was espouse to Joseph before they came together she was found with child of the Holy Ghost. Then Joseph her husband being a just man now willing to make a public example was mindful to put her away privately. Now look at this. Now follow me. Now I'm trying to to play a drama out here for you so you can see it. We're talking about uh uh treasures and vessels. Okay. And uh uh Paul says you have this treasure in effing vessel. And what is the treasure? He show it to us there in the scripture. It's Christ in you. The hope of glory. Okay, you have Christ in you. The book of Ecclesiastic said, every man, every man has a portion of their maker in them. Are we together? Okay. Now, so uh uh uh so here is Mary here. Now, we will take Mary as a type of our vessel. She was uh a virgin. And she was uh uh you know a a vessel that had not been touched. And the Bible says she was going to be found with child of the Holy Ghost. So that child of the Holy Ghost was going to be the treasure. Are we together? Okay. Now Mary, a type of the vessel, the child is the treasure. He's He's the treasure that the word needed. Amen. He was going to be a gift to the word. Amen. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Did I say happy mother's day? Did I say it? Okay, I say it again. Happy Mother's Day. Praise the Lord. And uh uh but here said that God will also choose a man. And the Bible has a reason why it makes certain statement. The Bible say and Joseph was a just man. Praise the Lord. A just man. A righteous man. A man that fears the Lord. So God will now also choose this man Joseph. What is his role? Mary is the the vessel. The child is the treasure that is the gift to the word. Then what is Joseph role? Praise the Lord. If you if you read a little bit of history, you'll find out that Joseph was a wealth. He has got married, lost his wife, and so he was far older than Mary. And uh uh and I believe there were other, you know, other young men that was pretty much the same age, two years, three years older than married or four, whatever age it was. But God will design it that this young woman will fall in the life of a man with experience. Praise the Lord. a man that fear the Lord. It is God's design. Why? Because Joseph is now going to be used as a protector. Right? There is a gift coming into the word. Mary is the treasure that is carrying the gift. God need to find a man that will protect the gift. Are we together? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are you seeing the picture? Amen. So, Joseph will play the role as a protector. Because if you if you if if we actually look into the word, you realize that that is the role of the man, that is the role of the husband, that is the role of the father. He's supposed to be a protector and a provider. Are we together? So you seeing the picture now we are looking at this this uh having this treasure in e vessel. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Because if you go back, if you go back to Genesis, the Bible make us to know that God make man in his image, male and female, he created them. That's Genesis 1:26. And in his image, which made their first form, they were spirit. And then Genesis 2:7, the Bible says, "God then form men of the dust of the earth where he will put their spirit being in their flesh body." Are we together? Amen. But at the time he would do it, he will only make Adam visible and Eve will be invincible. Are we together? Amen. So after the period of time Adam was dead and and and and lonely, the Bible says, "And God will cause a deep sleep to fall on Adam and then he will take a rift from Adam and then he will form the woman." Now keep in mind now why will God bring the woman later? Because the protector has to be a person of experience, not a novice. Are we together? Amen. I'm dramatizing now. Amen. The protector has to be somebody of experience. So he was there then you know he named the animals. He's all over the place. He knows the ground. Let's say it like that. He knows the ground. He knows the tearing. Praise the Lord. Amen. And now God is going to bring this vessel and this vessel is going to have a treasure in it. If you are familiar with our language, I will read some of that to you this morning. God gave her three sacred virtue. That was God's treasure. He did not give it to the man. Yeah. And the reason why he gave it to the woman was for redemption. Amen. Redemption is God's purpose of creation. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Redemption is God's purpose for creation. If God never had a plan of redemption, he was not going to create anything. Are we together? Are you enjoying the drama so far? Am I confusing you? Is the characters the characters so mixed up? Praise the Lord. But here is it said we see here that uh uh uh uh the vessel had a treasure and uh and and and and three sacred virtue that God gave to the woman. Praise the Lord. And uh she's to be born as a virgin. God put in her to be a mother. A woman her womanhood that has to do with her character, her decency and also her motherhood, a carrier of life. Are we together? I was listening to something this morning and uh I think mother's dead and and uh you know uh brother Brown was talking about the ten commandments when uh uh when when Jacob and and uh and Moses daughter was arguing over Moses you know and she was trying to tell uh you know uh how I have given you a better life you know I took you from the water I given you you know a school and I I I make you with prince and I make you everything and Jacob said I gave him life. That's where it begins from. If you didn't have life, you won't have what you have. That's where it begins from. Mother, that's where it begins from. Are we together? We can we can break and boast in our our status, you know, our what whatever whatever we we we think that is good to boast in, but if you don't have life, you won't you won't have those status. That's right. That's where it starts from. She said, "But I gave him life." And that was the end of the argument. And uh so uh so that's that's that's what I want us to see. That's what I want us to see because as we as we talk about h mother's dead or motherhood and uh it it brings us to this place of the woman and I think society has misunderstood the place of the woman as much as the church. You know, as I was studying this, I I I I wrote a little note in that I did not want to forget because, you know, I'm not smart. So I have to write things to remind myself and song comes by inspiration you know uh if we don't understand the place of the woman the church will never be successful in fulfilling her place in God's program. Amen. Praise the Lord. Because what the Paul says, men, love your wife as Christ, woman, your husband as the what? Church. So in God's program of redemption, he brought this woman to represent what he will achieve in their church. He starts with one woman what he will achieve in the church. Are we together? Amen. Because when you when you when you when you actually look at it, I mean we are the church. We are the bra of Christ. Are we together? The only male in the house of God is Christ the word. Christ is the male. Amen. The word is the male. The body is the female. So if we don't understand the place of the woman, the church will never be successful. That's right. She will never be successful because we will be out of place. we will be out of place. We will be we will be competing with God. That's the reason why when a man gets to the place when a preacher gets to the place where he thinks that his saying is the final saying you you will not get in competition with the word. The final saying is this book not not my word. I'm only repeating what he says. My decision is not a final saying I must be submissive to this word. Are you seeing the picture? So you see that is the reason why we have had lot of struggle and lot of misrepresentation when it comes to the church because the place of the woman is completely misunderstood. Praise the Lord. is completely misunderstood and just to start is not a kitchen either. Praise the Lord. Amen. Somebody said thank you. Let's let's let's fellowship with the word. Let's let's not get into because I'm I'm not coming here as a woman uh lawyer. Okay. I'm I'm I'm trying to to put every one of us in the middle of the word. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So it is not the thing to go after the man and say all of these men they are wrong and or or not not not either to go at the other place and say so that's the reason what I told you this morning is it's this is you know it's it's it's been kind of overweight me and I was really thinking am I really to bring this up but it's Mother's Day anyway. Praise the Lord. Amen. So I said, "Well, let me keep it and see if we can if we can treat it as a mother day subject." Praise the Lord. But if we if we if we want to be earnest with ourself, if we want to be earnest with ourself, we will realize that uh many of us have not understand our role and our position in the body of Christ. And it all goes back to this because we have not understand the role of a woman. Women also do not understand their role in the scripture. I remember one one uh uh young sister myself talking about it and she said to me why why why is it why should we be like it's it's just all male character in the Bible. The Bible is just full of male character than female. So it's almost like the woman is left out. Praise the Lord. But you have to realize, you have to realize and understand her strength is in the dark, right? God created darkness. Her strain is not visible. Amen. It's in the dark. Praise the Lord. It looks like it looks like the Bible does not talk a lot about women when actually it magnified the office or the place of the woman. Glory be to God. Amen. Are we going in life? Praise the Lord. Amen. and they all thinking what is he preaching there this morning. If he don't have nothing to preach, he just shut up his mouth. But I'm so glad I have a group of people that love to hear me. Amen. Now, so just like, you know, just like I said a couple of weeks ago and uh and and I I realized a few people uh uh took my bed and and they started reading the book of Proverb. And uh uh but if you read the book of Proverb, you realize that Solomon speaks a whole lot. There is nowhere where Solomon says, "My daughter, hear the counsel of your father." He said, "My son, my son, yeah, the advice of your mother. My son, yeah, the counsel of your father." But when he would talk about the woman, he will says, "Wisdom build her house." Amen. And he will says, "Wisdom was with me in the beginning. Wisdom helped me to form the earth." Now he will give the woman such a place. He will give the woman the personality of Christ. Because Paul will tell us that Jesus Christ is the power and the wisdom of God. That's what Paul will say. And Solomon here in the book of Proverb, he's he's giving the woman such a place of Christ. Christ in bride form. Praise the Lord. Because you have to realize when God made man Genesis 1:26 he brought the both spirit male and female but in 27 he put the both spirit in Adam. Adam was possessing both the feminine and the masculine spirit. Praise the Lord. Amen. So you see in the scripture Jesus Christ can be represented like uh take for example take for example uh uh uh uh uh who is the rose of Sharon? Who is the rose of Sharon? Jesus is the rose of Sharon. But the rose of Sharon is a is feminine. Amen. The lady of the valley. Who is the lady of the valley? Jesus. But is he meeting? Amen. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. So you see just like how Adam in the beginning possessed both the masculine and the feminine spirit, gender, nature. It is the same way that Christ possessed both far feminine and and masculine. He said, "Oh Israel, how I will have love to har you. Like a hen will have her. It's not the rooster that have her cheeks. That's right. Praise the Lord. So you see the the the the the wrong concept where it looks like the whole thing about re religion is is is is just men dominates. That's wrong. That's devilish. It's not men dominance. It's not women dominance. No, no, no, no. It's both of us coming under God's headship. That's right. Are we together? Are we together? Mommy already say it's your birthday. You told me happy birthday. And uh uh are we together? You love the Lord. I sure you do. I'm very sure you do. you not be kind of a bearing with this with this guy that I I'm trying to really trying to to be able to bring this thing together. But uh I wanted to build that picture of the vessel and the treasure. Paul said we have this treasure in the effing vessel that the excellency must be of God. Amen. Amen. He knows our weaknesses. He knows our failures. He knows our limitation. But yet he choose to use us as a vessel. Praise the Lord. Yes, he choose to put his love in our heart. Yet he choose to put his spirit in our life. Praise the Lord. Amen. So if you if you cannot be able to differentiate and understand the place of the vessel and the place of the treasure, you will always run into crisis because you will be making God your failure. God never fail and he cannot be your failure. Are we together? Amen. Amen. He never failed and he cannot be your failure. Are we together? So just like the Bible says the birth of Jesus was on this wires. I took a I took I don't know a month or six month just preaching on the same thing. I hope able to bring out something from there. But we looking at it in a picture this morning where God through the prophet Isaiah he said a virgin shall conceive. So he took a virgin as a vessel because he was going to bring this great treasure. He was going to to to to come in flesh in body and uh and and and that's the place as we go along you will be able to see it. That's also where the mystery of the Godhead is hidden because in as much as where we don't understand the covenant of cold equal that God gave to the man and the woman is a covenant of equality that is under her shape. Praise the Lord. It's never God's never God's intention for one person to rule the other. Nope. Nope. Because you I can't even rule myself. God cannot trust you with yourself. If he leave you with yourself, you will make a mess. Why should he trust you with somebody else? Yeah. Come on. Amen. Amen. That's right. Praise the Lord. Yeah, I know all your all your scriptural bubbles are popping. I'm not worried about it. I'm not worried about it. All your scriptural ideas, the Bible, they are all popping. I can hear it. But this is where the rubber meets the road. Let's talk about reality. If God will leave you, leave me to myself, leave me to myself, I make a mess. If I will make a mess with my own life, then why will he want to trust me to think that I have a natural ability to take care of these people? That's the reason why Solomon caught the heart of God when he said, "Oh God, your people are a great people. Give me wisdom that I will be able to go in and come out." He caught the heart of God. Because he realized he caught the secret that you need God and his wisdom. That's right. To deal with God's people. You need God and his wisdom to deal with your wife. to deal with your husband, to deal with your children, you need God and his wisdom. Amen. That's true. Amen. Amen. Amen. Or else you make your mess and then you be gone. We don't know where you are. The police can't find you. You change your name. You change your address. Praise the Lord. Find a new haircut. Are we together? That's the reason why I've always told people, don't preach King's gospel to me. People say we must be about uh what did he say? Am I I'm my brother's keeper. That's King's gospel. That Cain arrogant gospel, right? King was talking to God. Am I my brother's keeper? Praise the Lord. David was the one that got the revelation. He says, "The Lord is our keeper." Praise the Lord. So it's the law that keeps us. Yes. And that's the place where we we we we grow the the the the the you know the the the character, you know, uh uh uh uh uh because we trust the Lord, we can be able to trust the Lord for our brother. We can be able to trust the Lord for our sister. We can be able to trust the Lord for our husband, trust the Lord for our wives because he's our keeper. I know the the the society had gave us GPS tracker. You can put tracker here. Tracker here. Only God can track the human soul. You can't track the human soul. Praise the Lord. You get all your apps Are we together? Am I making sense? Okay, then bear with me a little bit. Let's let's look at this uh as as we look at as we look at this treasure in vessel. I want to read this to you. I read it to you before for an invisible union. Uh I just I just took bullet points. I put bullet points together. So I'll read that to you. Invisible union. A woman is entrusted with certain character that she must not defy. A woman is trusted to death. There's not a creature on earth like a woman. She has also been given a sacred charge from God for redemption. That's a that's a direct code for redemption. So you have to you have to think about it that way. You have to think about it that way that her sacrifice is given to her for redemption because God in the back part of his mind knew that his plan of redemption somewhere in the plan there was going to come a fall and something was needed to bring man back. Praise the Lord. Amen. He never told Adam that the seed of the man will bruise the head of the w the serpent. No, he said the seed of the woman, the woman's seed will bruise the head of the serpent. Are we together? The woman is trusted to death. There's not a creature on the earth like a woman. She has been she she has also been given a sacred charge from God for redemption. The reason it's so sacred, she is to bring forth life into the earth. Are we together? That's committed to her. Sacred virtue, sacred womanhood, and then sac motherhood. honor her husband. Praise the Lord. Now, see what he says. Now, this is the part that I love. What What a sacra. What a responsibility to a woman. Now, see why she's a type of the church. Why she's a type of the church? Because you have to realize that God's interest is not just individual. God interest is his family. Praise the Lord. Amen. Is his family is the church. So in giving her this sacred trust in the back part of his mind will also be the the the the sacred thing that he will also give to the church. That will be the church power. That will be the engine room of the church. Now see why she's a type of the church which has the same responsibility as a woman has a sacra responsibility to to her motherhood to her virtue to her husband. The church has a sacra responsibility to prayer and to the word and to Christ just as the woman just the same as the woman has. Are we together now? So, uh uh uh we we we we have to see that and that's what I want for us to be able to to to realize that's on this that I I make that statement. If we don't understand the place of the woman, praise the Lord. The place of the woman is not to be inferior. God don't have no inferior part in his body. But what God has that I know is that he has unique parts. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Instead of us looking at it as being inferior, we must understand it that it's unique. That's right. Like I said before, the reason why we misunderstand one another is because we are unique. Praise the Lord. Amen. We are peculiar. That's right. Amen. Are we together? And we don't even understand ourself. Why? Because we are designed by a peculiar God. Amen. We go on in life and then we discover certain things of ourel. Oh wow. Oh wow. He never knew I could do this. Oh why is now you find out? Praise the Lord. It's because our maker is peculiar. That's right. And he made us in a peculiar way. Are we together? So you see uh she has a place. Let's look at something here. Let's look at something here. Okay. I could use the time to hold you and use the time to escape. Are we together? Genesis chapter 3. Genesis chapter 3. Genesis chapter 3. Let's read Genesis chapter 3:15. Let's read the promise of redemption. Let's read about the re the redeemer. Verse 15, Genesis chapter 3. And I will put emity between thee and the woman. He's speaking to the serpent. God is speaking to the serpent. I will put emity between thee and the woman and between thy seed. Which mean the serpent have a seed. Okay. Between thy seed and her seed, it shall bruise the head. Which mean the woman's seed will bruise and crush the serpent head. Amen. Amen. Will crush the the head of the serpent seed. It shall bruise the head and thou shall bruise his he. You will always be coming against him, but he will finally crush you. Jesus said uh uh uh the gates of hell shall not prevail. Amen. It does not means that it will not come. It will come but it will never prevail. Amen. You will bruise his he but he going to bruise your head. He's going to crush you down. We will always come on attack just like Paul says we are despised here. I mean we we are we are placed in you know strange position discomfort places but we are we never been forsaken. Amen. God don't forsake his own. So we will always have these things coming after us. But the promise the promise on which we are called we will bruise his head. Amen. We will overcome it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. we will overcome it. And by the way, I think that was a good good service on Wednesday night. Amen. Amen. That was a beautiful service on Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. Amen. So now let's let's go there. I I keep talking like this and I lose lose track. Verse 16. Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy conception. In sorrow thou shalt bring forth children. So God is giving her the promise of life. Amen. God is giving her the promise of life. And that desire shall be to thy husband and he shall rule over thee. Are we together? Amen. He shall rule over thee. I want us to look at this word rude. That's what I bring that that's what I bring you for because that was those were some of the the bubbles that I hear popping. Are we together? You love the Lord. Hallelujah. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Yes. Amen. What a beautiful God we serve. Look at Genesis 4:7. Look at Genesis 4:7. Verse 6. The Bible says, "And the Lord said unto king, why art thou wroth, and why is thy countenance fallen?" Verse seven, "If thou dost well, shall thou not be accepted? And if and if thou dost not well, sin Larth at the door, and unto thee shall be his desire. Praise the Lord. Sin Larth unto your door, but unto you sin will always chase you. Jesus told Peter, "Satan want to consume you, but I pray for you." So God is telling, "King right here, sin is desiring you. It's running after you. It's every word is there to trap you. And thou shalt rule over him." Ruled again. That's that's what I want to I want to underline there. But as we look at that together, as we look at that, this is a promise, you know, because that's that's where most of the time we struggle. That's where we think uh the authority is. The desire will be to your husband and he shall rule over thee. Let's see how how the apostle Paul took took took this scripture over in uh uh Ephesians chapter 5. Ephesians chapter 5. Are we all okay this morning or this afternoon already? Ephesians chapter 5. So let's let's take this and look at it together and see what uh uh the Apostle Paul says here. Now he's taking what Paul is saying and he's he's he's he's sticking that here and and and Paul will start the whole thing this way and he will says submitting yourself one to another in the fear of the in the fear of God. You know what is he establishing here? He establishing hairship. He establishing equality. submitting yourself one to another in the fear of the Lord. He's he's establishing equality, but yet he's going to break down our road that can only be performed if we respect our headship which is Christ. Amen. Are we together? So he says here, "Submitting yourself one to another in the fear of the Lord, wife, submit yourself unto your husband." It does not erase what he have just said. It does not erase the fact that it's only the woman that submit. No, no, no. He established it and said, "Submit yourself one to another." Amen. Be a servant one unto another. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Wife, submit yourself unto your husband as unto the Lord. Husband uh for the husband is the head of the wife even as Christ is the head of the church and he is the savior of the body. So he goes on. Now this this is where the ruler part is. Now uh verse 25, husband, love your wife even as Christ the man shall rule his wife. Paul takes that. He didn't say husband rule your wife. You say husband love your wife. Are we together? Amen. Because if you take the word, you take the com the the the the sense of the word rude, it means to it means it's it's a place of of dominance, a place of control. And that's that's not that's not God's intent. Praise the Lord. Are you seeing the picture now? Remember now, it is not just it is not just the gender woman. That's that's not what that's not what I'm in at this morning. I'm talking about the place of the woman. If we can find that place and the church can understand it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Not just the the the the female as as in gender. No. It's a beautiful place. It's a place where he have he have he have taken us as vessel. He took us from from from from the dustpin. He took us from all places of life. He watch us like Paul will says there sanctify your vessel. He sanctify he cleans our vessel now because he want to put this treasure of his life in us that we can say it's no longer I that live it but Christ that live. Praise the Lord. Amen. That our life can can can can create such a you know a a smell and and give people such a thirst and a longing for God. Amen. Amen. The church has practiced all the rules. The church has pract all the doctrine. But yet we are still failing at it because we have not understand our place. What the brother Bam says the rapture will go. When the church find its place when she find her position the rapture will go. Why? Because your position is your power. Amen. It's your power. That's right. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. But the the President Donald Trump, he can that his position is his power. If he was stay I mean uh uh uh uh you know running Hollywood show he won't have such a power. His position as a president gives him the power. That's right. So your position as a son of God and as a daughter of God knowing your position. Yeah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's where your power is now. So you see that let's let's look at another thing here. Philippians chapter 2. Philippians chapter 2. Paul bring it in a very beautiful way here and I think it will help us to understand this a little bit. You love the Lord. Philippians chapter 2. Paul will says here verse one, "If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bounce and mercy, fulfill ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord and of one mind. Let nothing be done through strife and vain glory, but in the loneliness of mind, let each esteem the other better than himself. Are we together? Amen. Let's go ahead. Uh uh uh uh. Look, not every man his his own thing, but every man also the things of other. We have to know we all are born with a selfish nature. The human nature is selfish. And until you are born again, you will be selfish. Praise the Lord. Amen. You'll be selfish. Now, so let's look at this together. That's not where I want to bring you though. Let this mind be in you which also which was also in Christ Jesus who being in a form of God taught a narrate to be equal with God. That is the mystery of the Godhead. Why? That's the reason why Jesus can say I am my father. But yet he can say father not my will but your will be done. Amen. Amen. Why? Because there is a there is a there is a equality here. But that equality is on a hesit. Yes. Praise the Lord. I and my father are one. Well, if we are one, why do I need his will? But yet he can submit himself. You see, and just that union between the father and the son that has been misunderstood that give us what the church called trinity. Praise the Lord. Is that same union that's supposed to be existing between the man and the woman. Equality but on a headship. That's why Paul will say in Corinthian, "Let a man knows that the head of every man is Christ and the head of the woman is the man." That's why he said that. So there is an equality, but it's on a headship. Yes. The pastor in the church, nobody make him the boss. Who make me your boss? All the church, you have a right to fire me. Go meet the deacons. Praise the Lord. Go meet the deacons. Call the officers to say, "Look, we don't like this guy." Praise the Lord. Oh, we I mean, he's too slow. Praise the Lord. So, who who make who make the pastor uh uh uh uh uh that that gives him all of the power It's never supposed to be like that. And it's not like that. It's not like that in the word. It's not like that in the message. It's not like that. It's not supposed to be like that. Now you will realize that you look in the church ages, there were two dominant spirit. The Nickelian spirit and Jezebel spirit. Those were the two dominant spirit in the church ages. And the Nicolatian spirit was the spirit that put all the power in the hierarchy in the bishops and men were ruling the church whether is by the word or not. That's what I said and that's the way it's going to be. You see that is the reason why the Catholic Church turned the Bible to be the history of their church and the pope the authority in the man the pope the priest the bishop the Bible is just the history of the church that's what you can read about how the church begin no the word has the authority are we together amen Amen. Amen. There must be there must there must be and there is an equality. I pray for you, you pray for me. Praise the Lord. There is an equality. But yet honor that equality of as we come on a hairship, our hairship define our roles. Amen. Amen. Our hairship define is the hairship Christ the word that gives me the role of being the shepherd. Amen. And it tells me what I must do as the shepherd. Amen. And the Christ the word gives you your role as a congregant and tell you your responsibility as a congregate. It does not make one person inferior and make another person superior. No. Are we together? Oh yeah. I mean I mean that's that's the bishop the pastor say let's I mean let's let's just do that. If it is not the word if it is not the word if your conscience is telling you it's not the word come and talk to him. You're reading something different in the scripture. Bring it. Let's look at it. Are we together? Let me just let me just go through this because right now I'm in a place where I can keep you here for the rest of the day. I can keep you here for the rest of the day. And you will not be bored. I promise you by the help of the Holy Spirit, you will not be bored. Amen. Because we will just have a good time. It's just that you will be so hungry. You miss your mother's meal. Are we together? Okay. So, let me just let me just lay out some few things here and then I'll leave you. Let's let's uh let's just look at something here. Look, look at this. Look at this. Choosing of a bride. Take this uh take this note in. Choosing of a bride. He says uh but if she can hold herself right, it's the woman. If she can hold herself right, what a great reward she has. Then man, if she can hold herself right, you know when a woman marry, why they call her mistress? It because she's a mystery. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. This is a mistress Jun because she's a mystery. Okay, let's let's just stay right here. But if she can hold herself right, society had just put us to this place of lot of struggle and it have misplaced us. Praise the Lord. Amen. I read this read this to you quickly and then we will we will uh we will let you go. If she can hold herself right, what a great reward she has than man. She's put on a testing ground. Through her comes death. She's guilty of all death. But then God turned around and use one to bring life back again. Brought his son through a woman, an obedient one. Do you see there? Praise the Lord. You see, you see such a place. Such a place. You read Jeremiah. Jeremiah will says, "A woman is like a compass around a man. She's like a fortress." Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. She's like a fortress. the way she's built, the inner ability that is given to her to be able to carry the child in her womb for nine months. And she's I mean, it's not like uh you know uh uh uh honey, I'm I'm I'm pregnant. Oh yeah, let's let's let's make the bed. Order of this diamond, you're going to be in bed. You know, she's in bed, the pillow there. You know, she's bringing No, she's carrying life. She's taking care of the house. She's doing what she's supposed to do as a wife, as a mother. She's designed that way. Are we together? Amen. I'm showing us the position of the church. If you stick the picture of just the woman in your mind, you get out of here being angry at me. And that your own fault. That your own fault. I'm telling you now. Your own fault because you are not hearing me. Marriage and divorce. Let's take this now. Sister, I want to put you to a place where God will promise you. And you see then you stay in that place too. Notice now the woman has got her place and she is a jewer. Amen. See, she's a jewel in her place. just realizing who she is. All of this competition what what men can do, women can do, what women can do, men can do. It's just we have just we have filled ourself with lot of society garbage. Praise the Lord. It have destroyed the cord of marriage. It have destroyed the cord of family. Because when God made us, he gave each and every one of us something unique that you have that I don't have. You can admire me standing here preaching and talking. But what you have, if you get in your role, I will sit there and I will admire you. Wow. That's the way he balance the universe. And we don't we don't we don't go to the maker to be able to find that treasure that he put in our life. And that's where now envy and jealousy Joseph brothers they have to sell him o over I mean sell their own brother. What did he do? What did that little boy 17 years old what did he do to those guys just to wake up in the morning and tell them I had a dream? The very dream that was about their future. The very dream that was a prophecy, they got jealous. They sold him thinking that they would just they would destroy him. Let's let's kill him. Ruben said, "No, we shouldn't kill him. That's our own brother. Let's just sell him to these guys. Let he carry his drink somewhere else. Praise the Lord." Amen. Well, if they have discovered their own uniqueness or their own gift and say, "Oh, yeah. He's he's the dreamer. I'm I'm the farmer." While that guy is dreaming, I'm I'm planting seeds. He love dreaming. The way he love dreaming, I like planting seeds. Are we together? Amen. Notice I want to put the woman to to the place where God's word promise you. You see then you stay in that place too. Notice now the woman has got her place. And sister J, he says you Solomon here. He says, "And he said, a man that has found a wife has found a good thing." He said, "A good woman is a joy in his crown. That's an honor. But an unrighteous one is a water in his blood. That's his life. You see, uh, a woman, you are a Jew if you want to be a Jew. But the desire has to be in you. Praise the Lord. And that is the same thing with the church. Amen. The church is powerful. The church have so much influence. So much influence. If we can if we can just be able to understand why we come together like this. Are we together? Amen. Listen to this. You know, talking about Solomon here. I I you know I was I was thinking about this the other day and uh uh uh think about this Solomon never fought a war Israel call Solomon age the golden age he came in a time where David has fought he have conquered he has built relationship When Solomon was building the temple, all the nations around him were willing to contribute. David did all the work. But see the human mind. Solomon wanted to protect what he did not fought for. He wanted to protect it. So the way to protect it was to marry from all the nations around him. If I married their daughter, they will not fight against me. That's right. And many times that's what we are doing. We're trying to protect what we never fought for. We're trying to get more smarter. and is leading us into our form of idolatry. We're trying to build uh wealth. We're trying to build God has already promised to bless your path for the very fact that he have called you to a place to acknowledge him as the creator of heaven and earth. We're trying to protect it. We need to provide for our family. That's That's truth. That's truth. But who gave you the family? Who gave you the family? I want you to understand the balance of where I'm going. Now I want you to understand the balance of way of going because uh uh uh uh sometimes some people don't understand it. the they think that you are trying to make a church member or a religion out of them. But if we understand that all these things that we have, he freely place it in our hands, we were committed to him every day, our devotion to him will be more than to what we gave devotion to. our commitment to him because he gave it to us and it is only by him they can be sustained. He went into idolatry. Let's read this. led by the spirit and you see so you see women sometimes will catch it now you have to watch this but anyhow women is real acceptable to the spirit and then the gospel should keep the woman lined up and in her place. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let take a sense of this morning. You found out that there's more women in church than men. That's right. Not only this church, everywhere. It's a universal sensor, right? There is more women in church churches than men. I try to think that's the reason why in the Bible they count the men than the women because the women will outpass them. You're right. Praise the Lord. We have this thing in our generation. Alpha man. I don't like to hear that word when people says I'm an alpha man. I don't know what you're talking about. It's not scriptural to me. So let me not go in that direction because uh you know I will bring my righteous indignation. Let me just leave it like that. You have to understand that's her place. The God of the universe shut the universe down. Darkness upon the earth to form this woman. That's her place. If she can own it, find it and stay there if she can find it and stay there. And that's the same thing with the church. If the church can find their place instead they commit themselves to the word. Man shall not live by bread alone but by every word of God. Amen. We're trying to protect what was freely given to us. She catches somehow real women are is real acceptable to the spirit. And then the gospel should should keep them lined up in in and in her place. See? So then but she's more receptive to the spirit many times than men are. Are we together? If you ever been in a church where gifts operate, where gifts operate? Speaking in tongues, interpretation of tongues, prophecy. If you ever been in a church where gift operate, I don't talking about where give impersonate. I mean where give operate. Amen. You find that many times is winning that I use honor the spirit. If she can find her place and stay there. Are we together? It's almost 1:30. I mean 4 minutes to close the service at 1:30. If I don't manage the four minutes, are we together? You love the Lord. Amen. Did I took all the air out of your tire this morning? Praise the Lord. Amen. I hope I've said something to be a blessing to you. Let's take this one exposition of the church ages. I will close right here and then if the Lord allow it, we'll pick it up again. I realize there are lot of subjects I don't I don't have the time to come back to but I I pray that if the Lord allow we'll be able to pick it up again. That's for seven church. Let us go back to the beginning in the original physical creation as we as we know it today. God made everything in pairs male and female. and and and there's two two chicken rooster and hen and two cows and cow and a boat all right down the line but when it came to man there was only one praise the Lord the Bible says Genesis 1:26 God made man in his image male and female without the female part the image of God is not complete praise the Lord And that's the reason why many of the time you find you find single men and single women they get so so zillious to serve the Lord. They are on fire serving the Lord. As soon as they get married it looks like oh I used to pray but this woman is not the woman. It's now that you come into balance. [Music] It's now that you come into balance. Why? Because now you have this feminine part that is making a full image and we don't see that and we start to make one another our problem. Notice that it's not he's not the problem, she's not the problem. It's just that we not understanding what is happening. Are we together? Jesus would tell the woman that the word God is a spirit. Genesis 1:26, that's what he was quoting. And they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. The word is the male part. The spirit that brings the gift upon the church. That's the female part. That is the balance. That's the balance. There is no male dominance here in the economy of God. No, God don't even dominate. He He don't even dominate his people. He don't rule us. No, he love us. God don't rule us. You ever wake up in the morning, you get whipped all on your back. Say because what were you yesterday? I whip you when you are sleeping. He work with us in love to be able to bring us to a place of understanding. understanding his purpose, what he what he's trying to achieve in the moment, what he's doing in your life. It might look like a chaos, but he said, "I have a plan." Hold on a little bit. Amen. But our attention span is so short. Our patient elastic quick to break quick to break. Can we trust he that have begun this good work in us? Can we trust that he has a purpose is going to fulfill it? Are we together? Amen. One try to pick you up if the Lord allow us to. So are you seeing the picture? Paul said we have this treasure in effing vessel. He says, "Possess your treasure in sanctification." That's the picture of Joseph being a just man. Well, he never understood what Mary said. An angel spoke to me. The angel said, "I will have a child." He never went posting her on Facebook and blasting her everywhere. No, he said, "I don't understand this. I don't understand. It's strange. I love this guy. I don't understand it." Instead of making a public disgrace of her, I would just step back quietly. God said, "No, Joseph, you are the man." The same angel woke him up and say, "You are the you I choose you for this job." Why? Because she was carrying a treasure. This young innocent uh h girl, she was say there in her in her teenage around 18 uh 20 or whatever the age was, but she was young. The whole religious world will be going against her because they have never heard anything like that. All her friends will reject her because her name will now become a bad word. Hey you come come sir come sir before you can tell me say angel v you all the parents now will be talking to their children. What was happening as a glorious thing is now becoming a bad word in the mouth of the people. But God needed a man that would stand there. God needed a man that will be close and will support her. That's why your marriage vow said in good health in suffering. That's that's what that's what is there in the marriage coing. Praise the Lord. Amen. A man and a woman can stay in the house the whole week and don't go anywhere. The man can be in his he can be in his you know uh clothes track clothes whatever it is simple before that week end the letter will have to change maybe twice well we are not going anywhere that why are you changing your clothes I don't want to just wear this one thing the whole week that's that's her makeup that's her makeup she love changing It's it's her makeup. She can't help herself. She put the hair this way. This next we find out it will be on the other side. Praise the Lord. The man, the Bible knows his haircut. Every time he comes, the same thing. Every time he comes, the same. Not the woman. Not the woman. No, no, no, no. I I did my hair like that the past two weeks. I want something different. That's her makeup. That's her makeup. I heard this guy that says uh you know the his the the the woman told him, you know, uh uh uh she said, you know, just I mean just just a simple, you know, uh uh uh you know, yeah, I'm happy I'll be with you. I'm simple. I take anything, you know, very simple. He says, "Okay." I mean, after the little while they got marriage, he realized she says, "Uh, you know, uh uh we've been having this cush for for the past year now. Let's change it." He said, "Well, I told you from the beginning you told me that praise the Lord, she's she's not being evil. She's just breaking it out. If you cannot buy a new one, you know what you do? Just change it around. Change the living room. Just just make a change. She love it. That's That's the way she is. That's the mystery of woman. Praise the Lord. Happy Mother's Day. [Applause] We will never understand the things that our mother goes through. We never understand the thing that our mother goes through. And like I always say, there's no way you can love your mother and disrespect your wife. Tell it again. No, there's no way you can respect your mother, love your mother, and disrespect your wife. Look at that area, her lifegiving abilities. Look at that area, her lifegiving abilities. And and in every relationship is just like that. It's it's in both ways. It's in very both ways. Uh uh sometimes young women that really did not have good uh relationship with their father struggle with their husband. Sometimes I remember now I say sometimes I'm not making an online statement here. Sometimes it's it's in both ways. I was at a youth meeting many years ago. My wife was over in the states even at that time and uh uh you know uh and his young brother came to me and you know he you know I was I was at that time I was much smaller than what I am and he he just thought I was I was his age mate. He says oh wow you are married. I say yes. He says you have a child. I said yeah. How old she? I I could just tell his age. I said, "She's she she as older like you." Said, "No, you joking. You're joking. What's your age that you have a child like me?" You know, I told him my age. He said, "Oh, I didn't know you were that older. You you mean you really have a child like like me?" So, I told him, I says, "No, uh uh you know, I told him, my sister, I having one daughter. He says, "Uh, uh, really? You really mean that?" I says, "No, I'm just joking you. Uh, that's my wife." He says, "Oh, wow. I never heard it like that." You know, and I and I think and I think it's some of the things that the way that God designed it, the way he placed us in the life of one another, you know, the very same thing will go the other way. If a girl love and respect her father, she will do do the same thing to her husband. It's a thing that we have to battle. We have to strive. We have to we have to have God to help us. Our human nature, our self-centered, selfish nature and some of the things that the society has breathed in us make us to struggle with this. and make us to struggle. But there is a beautiful place. There is a beautiful place. If the church can just find that place. If the church can just find her place when the Holy Ghost came and the church was birthed, man, all of those guys, everybody wanted to they wanted to be involved in the in in in the saving of souls. They wanted to tell somebody about the gospel. They wanted they wanted to give birth. That's the desire of every young woman that gets married. She wants to give birth. They wanted to lead somebody to the kingdom. They wanted to to to to affect somebody's life. They were having their personal Bible studies, you know, trying to talk to this friend and use their own testimony. What God brought me through, you know, the Lord has been good to me and all of that. Persecution came on the church. The people were dispersed. And the very reason why God put them in that condition was for the gospel to spread around the world. And pretty soon the church started coming to the place of complacency. When the Roman church came in and Rome became part of the church, they started building a nice building. Pretty soon the common people started feeling condemned to go because it was all a dressing of class. The spirit of God, it was no, it was no longer about the word. It was no longer about praying for this person. It was just it all turned to the dressing of class. You saw what Cifus and his wife brought to church today. We got to beat them this week. We got to beat them next week. I would just star at her from up and down. What is that? What is that? And pretty soon the humble, faithful, dedicated believers that were coming, they were kept in the back. This prestigious people were in the front. When Paul wrote the letter to Rome that we call the book of Rome, uh the book of Romans, when he wrote it to to Rome, uh uh uh the Roman church has already took over. So Paul was sending that letter to the few believers that were gathering. So there were two church in Rome at that time. a few despised believers that could no longer stand with the rapid change that was taking place in the church. Rapid change. The church was growing. Started becoming a mega church because it was all about class. Musicians you can come. Thank you for bearing with me. I know many of you have uh some uh something special you wanted to do for Mother's Day, but I also have this on my heart special that I wanted to share with you and uh uh uh just uh realizing the comparison realizing uh uh the the the time that we are living in why the church is not becoming effective. Why are we not effective? Why are we now up and doing? Because we have missed our place. It is all becoming competition. We want to get more than this other person. We want to be better than this other person. It's just all we we are missing our purpose. Now, I was thinking thinking during the week, I was saying to myself, I was saying there this uh young man that came uh uh uh the last week and wanted to to be baptized. I was just saying to myself, I say, "Sir, if that if that would just be why we stay on this street corner all of these years and with all that we we we want to think about with everything that we want to think about that we want as a [Music] church, we have to realize that we are here for a purpose. He placed us to this place for a [Music] [Music] purpose. Let's bow our heads together now. [Music] How they [Music] linger near me. Preious sacred saints on four. Preious memory. How dailing God. Oh, how they ever plots my [Music] soul in the stillness of the night. pray sing now while we sing this song together maybe if they can put the words up uh before we pray let's sing it together what I want us to do as we sing this [Music] song just cherish the memory of your mother Amen whether she's far away then whether she's no longer with [Music] us precious memories. Think about some of the things that uh she would go through. I remember texting a young man this morning. Good friend of mine, his mom passed away. We did a funeral sometime this year. And I text him amen. Now I said I told him I said let her memory live in your heart. And as he reme as you remember her think about what she's expecting of you. Because whatever she said to you, she won't say it again. But what is she expecting of you? [Music] Let's just sing it softly together while we just worship a little bit before we pray. Precious Mary, oh how ever flo my soul. The stillness of the midnight precious s unfold. Oh, precious memory and how God lost my soul. He has still there all the day preious grace on let's do the next verse now [Music] Father, loving father and cross the Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, [Music] save my [Music] childhood for me. of [Music] you just Mary. Oh, how can we God ever lost my [Music] soul the [Music] still night and preious just sacrif come through. Let's do the next verse now. The stillness of the [Music] m from the past. I am Oh, I am a mama's voice. Oh, I'm singing gladness breaking from down somewhere. Oh yes. Precious memory. I willing God. Oh, I am lost my soul. [Music] still [Music] yet preuous sacrifious memories. Brea, how they linger, how the ever my soul, the stillness of until [Music] now. Let's pray together. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. [Music] Father, Lord God, we just want to thank you, Lord. We want to thank you father for giving us a wonderful service lord where Lord God we just try to use it father god and u celebrate our mothers celebrate our wives precious lord I will pray and say father help us lord help us oh god father many of us oh lord [Music] Jesus how we We need we need your grace to help us to step up oh God father in our responsibilities Lord to realize oh God father you place us there just in the way of a drama Lord God to be a protector to be a provider Lord God Father Lord to be for companionship oh God and how many we how many of us need to grow in [Music] We fuss about some of the silliest thing, Lord. Some of our insecurity, oh God, Father, our selfishness, Lord God. And many times it's the it's the lives of the children that suffer. Oh God. Oh God. If we can find that place and just stay there. We can find that place, Lord. A place of submission, oh God, to your word, a closet of [Music] praying. Church life is filling. Because we are becoming too concerned about ourself than the one that has given us the gift of [Music] life. Looking for our own personal security and living your internal security, your divine security. Oh God, may you just help us Lord. Help us Lord. Father God, it's a divine place. It's not a place. It's a place that you bring one to. It's a place that, oh God, where you bring the church to. It's a place where you bring the believers to God. We can't find it ourself. Oh God, but by submitting to you. By submitting to you, Lord, and committing ourself in your hands and asking and say, "Lord, break me out of my selfishness. Break me out of my lustfulness. break me out of every form of worldliness. Then you can bring us to that place, Lord God. [Music] [Music] What a wonderful place. It's not a It's not a It's not an inferior position. It's a place of power. It's a place of influence. When a lady can be a lady, and dress like a lady and carry herself like a lady and speak like a lady. It's a place of power. It's a place of influence. [Music] Oh father, we just want to bring ourself to you God this afternoon. And dear Lord, just like I said to the saints, oh God, I pray that Lord Father, we would not be misunderstood, Lord. is to be able to celebrate that position of a woman, that treasure, that vessel that you gave us, oh God, that is very special, very unique, very beautiful. The mother of our children [Music] Oh, how I pray, Lord God, that you will you will just soften our hearts, oh God. There are a lot of things so father that happened in our lives that we don't have control over. Father I pray that God you will help us Lord. Help us Lord Jesus. I commit this little assembly in your hands Lord. Father pray that God you will come in a special way. Come in a special way Lord Jesus. You know our need. Oh God. you know our need as a church. Lord, how I prayed, oh God, that God, you would get a hold of the hearts of the people. You would drive them, oh God, Father, into praying and into consecration, Lord. You would drive them, oh Father, Lord God, into a place, Lord Jesus, where your grace can start to blossom, oh God, in their life. [Music] That's what we need, Father. That blood that will never loses its power. God, we can trust in it, Father. Lord, we can rest in it, oh God. Oh, hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord God. May you forgive us, Lord Jesus, of all our wrong attitude, Father God. all our disrespect Lord Father to your presence to your word. Every time you speak to our hearts, oh God, Father, all our disrespect, Lord, Father God, to all the women in our lives, our sisters, our wives, our [Music] mothers. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you [Music] Jesus. And it flow to the Lord's body. Oh Jesus. Yes. The Lord thy gives me strength. Oh, from day to every day. He will never lose his power. Yes, Lord God. He reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and before to the Lord Jesus. Oh Jesus, Lord. Yes, Lord. I gave you strength from day to every day. Lord, it will never it will never lose his power. Oh yes, Lord. Oh Jesus. Oh come on Lord. Oh yes to the Lord [Music] as Jesus Jesus. Yes, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you. Thank you dear [Music] Jesus. Oh your blood. Yes. I gave you the strength. Oh from here to every day. He will never never lose his power. The Lord bless you. We'll see you on Wednesday night. Share. Let's just stand on our feet now. Oh yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Never, never, never lose his power. Every to the highest mountain and the flow to the Lord. For the blood [Music] receive is Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise to be praised. Amen. Amen. My mother pray for me and have me on her mind. Let's sing that and be dismissed. [Music] My mother pray for you. She had all of mine. She told the time and pray for me. I'm so glad she did. I'm so glad she Oh, I'm so glad to pray for Oh, my mother pray. Oh, yes, he has. He took the time to pray for you. I'm so glad she I'm so glad she pray for me. My father pray for me and be the one. He took his time and pray for me. I'm so glad he did. I'm so glad he did. I'm so glad he did. My mother pray for you. Had me on her mind. She took her time and pray for me. I'm so glad she prayed. I'm so glad she pray. I'm so glad she prayed for me. I cease to pray for you. [Music]
