################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - June 29, 2025 Sunday Service - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    June 29, 2025 Sunday Service:
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 3h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWfGUyyj7kk
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless your sins. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's name and seen a sponge beneath the floor. Lose all the guilty stain. Lose all the guilty stain. Lose all the guilty stain and see us launch beneath the Lord. Lose all the guilty state. The dying thief rejoice to see the fountain in his name. And there may I do vlessly wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. And there may I vastly wash all my sins away. Oh, dying lamb, thy preious blood shall never lose it. Till all the ransom church of God be safe to sin no more. Be safe to sin no more. Be safe to sing no more. Feel all the ransome church of God be safe to sin no more. [Music] The sins by feed I saw the stream thy flowing wounds. Redeeming love has been my theme and shall be till I die. and shall be till I die and shall be till I die. Create me. Love has been my theme and shall be I die. Then in a noless sweeter song I sing the power to sing. And this Paul lives in stringing thong. Lie silent in thy grave. Lie silent in thy grave. Lie silent in thy grave. [Music] is for lith [Music] in thy grave. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise Jesus now. Now we are standing in God's presence on holy ground. Let's sing it again this morning. We are standing [Music] on holy ground. And I know that there are angels [Music] all around. [Music] Let us praise [Music] Jesus. Now [Music] we are standing in God's presence of holy ground. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and stand as we pray this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah to your name, Jesus. What a joy to be in his presence this morning. What a privilege. What a privilege. Father, we bless your name this morning. We thank you, oh God, for this hour. We thank you oh God giving us this privilege Lord this opportunity Lord to come again to praise and glorify your name Lord bless our time of worship bless our time oh God bless the music time bless the preaching time anoint your servant this morning Lord we pray Lord that anywhere your gospel will be preached this morning let it be blessed in the mighty name of Jesus bless this earth oh God Lord we thank you Lord Lord, we invite your presence this morning. Strengthen us, oh God. Lord, we thank you. We bless your name. Remember those who due to one reason or the other couldn't make it this morning. Father, I pray as a scream online. Oh God, may you bless them, oh God. Thank you for those who are on their way coming. Oh God, Father, we pray that you bring them safely. Lord, we thank you, oh God. We bless your name. We give you all the praise and we give you all the glory and honor Lord in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Put your hands together for Jesus this morning. Turn to somebody and say God bless you this morning. Hallelujah. Let's share the joy this morning. Thank you, Father. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you ready to worship this morning? Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Years I spent in fity and pride. Car not my lord was crucified. No not was for me he to die on calary. Mercy there was great and grace was free. on there was fortified to me. bear my burdens so found liberty [Music] by God's words at last my sin I land then I tremble at the law I spawn till my greatest and return I've Mar. Halleluah. Mercy there was great and grace was free when there was multiplied to be there. My brother and soul found liberty. [Music] Now I give it to Jesus and me. Now I gladly hold my king. Now my rapturous can always sing of cal. Oh halleluah. Mercy there was pain and grace set free. to me there my brother and soul found [Music] the love that salvation all the grace that brought in to men [Music] mighty for thy body and come. Oh hallelujah. [Music] There was multiply to me. Hear my burden of liberty and glory. Halleluah. Mercy there was [Music] mercy that was multipied to me. My brother's hope of liberty. I come ring. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Believe that this morning. Let's shout Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Bless your name Jesus. Thank you Lord. [Music] Right. Let's go ahead as we sing this big song here this morning to bless our heart. Have you been to Jesus for a cleansing? Are you washing the blood of the lamb? Are you trusting trusting in the Christmas in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you washed in the blood? In the spotless blood of the lamb. By your garments as a wide soul in the blood of the lamb. Are you walking daily by the savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Do you rest in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood? Oh, are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments watchless as the white snow? Are you washed in the blood? In the bridegroom come [Music] in the blood of the lamb. Your glory ready for the bright. [Music] Are you born in a body in a soul tasting blood of the lamb? I come watchless as a white in the blood of the lamb. We are silent [Music] and we wash in the blood of the lamb. There's a fountain flowing for the soul of grace. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Are you washing in the blood? In the soul blood of the lamb. I overth [Music] in the blood of the lamb. Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Are your garments as a wine as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. Amen. Believe that. Clap your hands this morning for the king of kings. Amen. All right, I'll ask um Don to go ahead and pick up the offering as we continue the song service this morning. God bless you, Don. You can go ahead and pick up the offering. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. I have found his grace is all complete. He supply every need while I sit and win at Jesus feet. I am free yet free indeed. It is joyspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and hold on. All I have has never been told. It is joy unspeakable and hallelujah. Oh, [Music] we jo [Music] clap your hands. Hallelujah. [Music] It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of the never before. I have found the pleasure I want. It is joy and peace with you. What a wonderous blessing I am. From the hour of God of s. Hallelujah. [Music] in a joy unspeakable and good have never end. I have found a hope so bright and clear. Even in the rain of grace on the Savior present his I can see his [Music] joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. [Music] All I have has never end. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is my unspeakable and full of glory. All I have have never yet been told. I have found a joy no how his wave of glory rose. It is like a great overflowing well. My soul is unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. I have never yet been told. In the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] In the name of Jesus, bless the name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, telling who can stand before. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. We have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. Demons will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, there will be. Hallelujah. Friend of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get him behind. Victory today is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Joy today is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost is mine. The Holy Ghost today is mine. back. I call Satan to get behind. The Holy Ghost today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Victory today is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Happiness is mine. Happiness today is mine. Hallelujah. I go Satan to get me behind. Happiness today is mine. Oh, Jesus is mine. Jesus is mine. Jesus today is mine. I told Satan to get me behind. Jesus today is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Hallelujah. Joy to me. Victory today is mine. Joy is mine. Joy is mine. Joy today is mine. [Applause] I told Satan to get thee behind. Joy today is mine. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes. He leave us with a peace and we need to go in that peace. Amen. Hallelujah. The happiness. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Sometime people see you and say but why you always smile? I said because I have Jesus in my life. Yes. Hallelujah. Show some sign of peace and happiness. Let them see Christ in you. Hallelujah. Don't be frowned up all the time. People will run away from you. Then you say serving God. No, we don't believe that. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. We are all living testimonies. I thank you, Jesus. I thank you for saving my life. Oh, glory to your name, Jesus. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. The devil is a liar. The devil has been defeated. Don't allow the devil in your space. Yes. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your name, Jesus. Invite his presence at work, in your car, at home. Invite his presence. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Jesus. Glory to your name, Lord. We bless your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. So, glory be to God. Amen. Hallelujah. When Jesus is my savior, I shall not be moved in his love and favor. I shall love you. Just like a tree that planted by the water. Hallelujah. I shall not be. Oh yes. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be just like a tree left hand planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved in Christ abideing. I shall not be moved. In his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree left by the water. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. If I trust him ever, I shall not be moved. I will never shall not be moved. Just like a tree planted by the water, I shall not be moved. Hallelujah. I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be I shall not just like a tree left the planted by the water I shall not be moved on his word I'm feeding I shall not be moved he's the one that leading I shall not Just like a tree planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's blundered by the water. I shall not be moved. Glory hallelujah. I shall not be moved. I'm calling Jehovah. I shall not be like [Music] I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be shall not be moved. Just like a tree the planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be. Just like a tree abanded by the waters, I shall not be moved in his love and abiding. I shall not be moved in I'm fighting. I shall not be just like a tree planted by the waterers. I shall not be. Hallelujah. Let's melt our heads. [Music] I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be I shall not just like blinded by the waterers. I shall not be moved through all hell sail me. I shall not be moved. Jesus never fail me. I shall love you just like the tree that planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be just like a tree abanded by the waterers. I shall not be moved through the tempest rages. I shall not be on the rock of aes just like a tree that founded by the waterers. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be I shall not be just like a transed by the waterers. I shall not be moved. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. That cross before me. That wall behind me. That cross before me. The wall behind me. That cross before me. That wall behind me. No turning back. No turning back. You can take the whole world by giving me Jesus. You can take the whole world and give me Jesus. You can take the whole world and give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That's our confession this morning. Leave a trap. Clap for Jesus this morning. Amen. No turning back to the old ways. Hallelujah. No going back. Amen. Thank you, Lord. All right. Now, I think we'll go ahead and change the order of service. There's a song um brother won't introduce one time. I think we'll just go ahead and try it as we invite him this morning. To God be the glory. Amen. Just have to take it slow. Amen. Let the peace of God cover me. Cover me. [Music] Cover me. Peace of God, cover me [Music] through the storm. Cover me. Only you. All in you I'm secure. Oh, only in you I'm secure. Only in you I found peace. So cover me. Cover me. [Music] Only in you I am safe. [Music] Only in you I'm secure. [Music] Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I'm going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand. [Music] Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I'm through the storm. Cover me where all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that pass is all I understand. Cover me. Let the peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Cover me through the storm. Cover me. Only in you I am safe. Only in you I'm secure. Only in you. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I'm going through the storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that suffer is all I understand for me. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. That was a good try. Hallelujah. Amen. All right. I think we Let's go ahead and continue the song service this morning. What a fellowship. What a blessing leaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessed one peace is mine. Leaning on the river. Oh, we are leaning leaning. Safe and pure from all around. Lean in. Lean in. Leaning on a everlasting arms. Oh, how sweet to walk. Leaning on the everlasting ar. Oh, how bright our path grows from day to day. everlasting. For we are we are free. Hallelujah. message from all [Music] [Applause] [Music] of the everlasting my [Music] onlasting hour. I have blessed peace with my Lord. everlasting. Oh, we are. Oh, we areing saved and from all we areing [Music] waiting on the re. Hallelujah. Thanks. [Music] Oh, we are free. Oh, we are free and secure from all our waiting [Music] on the everlasting. Oh, we are waiting. Oh, we are safe and secure from all. Oh, we are. Yes, we areing [Music] on the everlasting. Oh, we are free. Oh, we are free. Secure from all the everlasting earth. Oh, how sweet to walk in his way. on the everlasting. Oh, how bright the power goes from. Oh, we are. Know we are free. Save messenger from all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. [Music] There's a land that is fur by day. And by faith we can see it afar. [Music] For the father waits over [Music] to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet in the sweet by and by we shall meet. Hallelujah. In the street by and by we shall be on the beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful shore in the sweet by and by we shall On that beautiful shore we shall sing on our beautiful shore and be a song that all our spirit shall sorrow no more. What a sign. Oh w by and by we shall meet on a beautiful show. Hallelujah. By and by we shall be on the beautiful show in the sweet by and by we shall be on the beautiful show in the street by and by we shall be on the beautiful shore. to our bountiful father above. We will offer a triune of praise for the glorious people of his Lord. Hallelujah. And I bless the har in the sweet in the high and we shall meet on the beautiful shore in the high and high we shall be on the beautiful show. Hallelujah. your hands out. [Music] Oh, in the sweet in the sweet by and by shine on the beauty show in the sweet by and by. We shall see from the view. Oh, in a sweet sweet by and by. Shall I me on the beautiful shore in the sweet by and by shall be on the beautiful show. We shall sing on the beautiful show. the song of our [Music] final rest in the sweet in the [Music] We shall meet on the beautiful shore. In the street, high and light we shall be all that beautiful. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. All right. I think we can still go ahead and sing this song as we invite the pastor to come up. Peace cover me. Let's sing it again to the glory of God as we invite the pastor to come up. Amen. Let the peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Let the peace of God cover me through the stor. Cover me. [Music] Only in you I am saved. [Music] Only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. Cover me. [Music] Only in you I am safe. Only in you I'm secure. Only in you I find peace. So cover me. [Music] Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I'm going through the storm. Cover me while all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover me. Only in you have I found peace. Bless you, brother. Only you. Only you. So, cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. me when I mess [Music] with me. The Lord bless you. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you this morning for giving us another opportunity to be in your house. We want to thank you Lord God for your wonderful blessings of protection upon us. I pray to God this morning and your grace will just uh come and bless us Lord Father. What a wonderful savior you are. To you be the praise, to you be the glory and honor. Thank you for your people. And Lord, those that are streaming in with us this morning, we want to also ask that you bless them. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Sorry for coming in late this morning. I was uh I had to be on uh an international conference uh call this morning on a situation. So it threw me back in my time and then uh uh so I'm very sorry for that. Uh but it's good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. is something there where I I needed to take care of and uh it concerned me, it concerned us a little bit. Not a bad thing, could turn out to be good. So, we want to thank the Lord for them. Amen. And uh so we we bring greetings uh from our campus, the God of Cameron save. Amen. We had we had a good time uh uh Friday. It was it was uh it was fun hanging out with the young people. So uh we met many friends on the campground. They all send their greetings and uh so uh we prayed and look forward to their testimony. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And uh uh we were like we said the other day, we were awaiting u a letter from the city uh to see if they will have given us the permit that we needed for whatever we wanted to do back here. But we were not uh given the permit. We are not allowed to. The reason is because our building is is grandfather in. So anything that we want to do on the property will now have us to change the entire building because of the building codes and regulation. So we have to look into something else and we we hope that uh uh the Lord will give us uh some some form of inspiration to be able to do that. Praise the Lord. I kept you waiting long so I won't keep you in any anymore. So let's go to Psalm chapter 22. Thank you sister Naomi. Thank you, Sister Joy. Praise the Lord. Brother Era is away for the wedding and uh uh so he called in last night and and asked that we we greet the church also for him. So, praise the Lord. Psalm chapter 22. Psalm chapter 22. Don't worry, sister Annette. Uh I will be able to manage what I have. Amen. I I free you from uh back there. So just uh Psalm chapter 22. We read from uh uh verse one. My God, my God, what have thou forsaken me? Why art thou so far from helping me? and from the words of my rolling. Oh my God, I cried in the daytime, but thou yareth me not, and in the night season, and I am not silent, but thou are holy, oh thou that inhabited the praises of Israel. Amen. Our fathers trusted in thee, they trusted, and thou did they deliver them. They cried unto thee and were delivered. They trusted in thee and were not confounded. Praise the Lord. But I but I am a worm and no man, a reproach of man and despise of the people. All they that see me laughed me into scone. They shoot out the the lips and and shake their heads, saying, he trusted on the Lord, that he will deliver him. Let him deliver him. See, he delighted in him. But thou are he that took me out of the womb. Thou did make me hope. When I was upon my mother breast, I was cast uh I was cast upon thee from the womb. Thou art my God from my mother's belly. Be be not far from me for trouble is near for there is no help. Praise the Lord. I will stop right here. We'll bow our heads and we will pray. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray and that you will come, oh God, and and uh take over our fee, Lord Jesus. And once again, Father, Lord God, uh because of uh uh what we had to take care of this morning, Lord God, we came into the service late, but we pray that Lord Jesus, grace will cover our mistake, Lord, grace, Father, Lord, will be sufficient this morning and not to break our inspiration, Father Lord. But we will be able God to say something that Lord God of internal value, something that will draw your people closer to you. Once again, Father Lord, we just want to thank you, Lord God, even for those that are streaming in this morning. We thank you, Father Lord, for our few young folks that we left out there in Indiana. Give them a lifetime experience, Lord. Something that will draw them closer to you. Oh God, we pray this morning. Father remember us too as you are blessing your people in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Go to be in the house of the Lord again. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I read uh I read uh Psalm chapter 22 this morning because I want to I want to use that to go into what I want to talk about this morning. And uh uh we know that Psalm 22 is a prophetic psalm and uh uh it's a prophetic psalm because there is a whole lot there in Psalm chapter 22. Good to see you, brother Wesley and sister Carol back there. And uh praise the Lord. We're glad that you could make it in. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh uh you know, it's just it's just uh it's just something that uh uh when going to church is become is is part of your life, it's hard to stay away. Amen. And then when you take it out of your life, sometimes it hard to get back. Praise the Lord. Amen. I've seen people that have, you know, stayed away from the Lord, backslided. The Lord is dealing with their heart, but they just struggle to get back to church. Well, so let's just look into uh uh what we want to talk about this morning. And uh like I said, Psalm 22 is a prophetic psalm. And uh uh we see uh a whole lot in this psalm that uh look just like a direct voice of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. But we know that David was under inspiration just like we spoke on Wednesday night looking at Richard and uh and Leah uh uh taking the both of them in a type of uh the the seven gentile church ages and the seven Jewish church ages that is in a type and uh so uh uh and like I said most of these uh character they were living you know they were just living their own uh uh you know normal life and uh but yet God was writing out his word in uh you know uh in some of the things that they were dealing with. So uh uh the Lord the Lord uh uh used David here under inspiration David crying, you know, putting his heart out to God. But there there is a whole lot that is in this sermon and some of it we want to get to this to to this morning. So uh there was something that caught my attention and that's what I want to get to. Now you see David crying out here to the Lord. He trusted in the Lord that he would deliver him seeing that he had made the Lord his delight. And then uh uh he says I was cast out you know from the womb that are my God from the belly. Praise the Lord. Now when you go down, you go down into uh into the Psalm Psalm uh in verse 22. Verse 22. Now remember now David is under inspiration. He's saying all of these things and he says here verse 20 deliver my soul from the swore uh my darling from the power of the dogs. Save me from the lion's mouth. Thou for thou have heard me from the horns of the unicorn. I will declare thy name unto my brethrens. In the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. Ye that fear the Lord praise him. For all the seas of Jacob glorify him and fear him all ye the seas of Israel. Praise the Lord. You drop down to verse five uh 25. He he says something again. He says, "My praise shall be of thee in the great congregation. I will pay my vows before them that fear him." Praise the Lord. Now you see, so if if David under inspiration was prophesying not only of the death of Jesus, not only uh giving the Lord h a prophecy that he could hang on because brother Brandham says Jesus hang on Psalm uh uh 22 verse1 my God my God why have thou forsaken me? He says in his greatest hour he uh uh that that that prayer of David you know reached out to him. Now so if if if there was a prophecy of his death now you you look here uh uh in verse uh uh 12 you see many bulls have compassed me strong bulls of bash have beset me. And uh you you will be thinking uh uh when you look actually in the death of Jesus Christ, you will realize that uh uh Psalm 22 really play out because when David is describing that he's not just only talking about uh you know uh a natural bulls, he's also talking about demon powers. Praise the Lord. He's talking about demon powers because if you go back and studied on bish the boos of bish you studed on bish you will know that uh uh that was an evil region. Now so there is like I said there is just a whole lot here. There is a whole lot. The last time we look at it you go back again to verse uh uh six. But I am a warm and no man. What was that? We look at that uh uh some time ago. Uh David David saying, "I'm a womb. I'm not a man." Praise the Lord. Uh uh uh a reproach of man and a despise of people. So when you look at where where the the scripture says, "Though your sins were as crimson, they will be white as snow." And and then you study this scripture right here, you'll realize what David meant because uh uh uh uh the the the crimson die was taken from uh the back of a tree that was caused by a worm. So uh uh so there is just a whole lot in here. But what caught my attention this morning or uh during the week that I want to drive to this morning is that in the same time he he make this declaration. I will declare thy name to my brethrens in the midst of the congregation I will praise thee. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now what I want to get to this morning by the help of the Lord if uh and trust that the Lord will be able to help. actually I had on my heart to preach on giving. I was going to speak on giving this morning and uh uh and then the uh I felt that the Lord started dealing with me on this and it it was just it was such a blessing to me and I want to share that with you. This is what I want to talk on before I give you my my title I want to talk on this morning is to help us to see that uh what we call the church. It's not an organization. Praise the Lord. The church is not an organization. It's not a denomination. But the church is an organized body. Amen. Is an organized body because it's governed by the word of God. Praise the Lord. But we want to look at the church from uh from the word of God. We want to look at the purpose of the church. Let me say it that way. We want to look at the purpose of the church because here is a prophecy, a psalm that holds the prophecy of uh uh uh of our Lord Jesus. And on this prophecy, David is also declaring something. I will make thy name known to my brethrens in the midst of the congregation. Praise the Lord. So we we we going to realize that uh God had uh h a h a serious purpose in his mind for giving us what is called the church. The church by definition is a call out people. Praise the Lord. We living in such a time where you know uh everybody have a right and uh we having Google we have in AI you know we can go and search we can go and define sometimes people gets to the place and then sometimes when they are caught in the in the complex of their of their errors you know they get to the place and they come up with their own definition of what they think God is and so that's the God I'm going to say because that's what he is. I heard a young man saying if God cannot accept me you know the way I am I cannot serve thy God. Praise the Lord. I believe he accept us the way we are but he don't want us to remain the way we are. Praise the Lord. He's going to accept you the way you are. And I hope you accept him the way he is. Praise the Lord. You see, so people just come up with all sorts of things, you know. Uh I mean the church the church is not a building. This truth is not a building. It's a mystical body. But what is the purpose of the church? What is the purpose? Because if we don't if we don't uh h be find that if we are not able to see that in the word you know what is going to happen? We're going to bring our culture. Praise the Lord. We're going to use our manner of life to define what the church supposed to be. Are we together? So I I I was I was thinking on that even though it's it's uh it's in line with what I wanted to talk about giving. You know, I I you know, I was just I was just going to give one word. I'm going to speak on giving this morning. And I know I know as I know exactly where people mind goes when you talk about giving. Okay. Says the the the pastor coming to church look in our pocket. It look like he broke these days. Praise the Lord. Amen. But if if uh if if we can if we can associate that with this, we will be able to do it. And and uh and it was it was study on that subject that this one came very real to me. So uh we want to look into that this morning. Now so the first time the word church was used, the first time the word church was used, Matthew chapter 16, upon this rock I will build my church. The first time Jesus was the one that used the word church. The first time church was used, you check in your in your Bible concordance, you will realize that he was the one that used the word church. Praise the Lord. Now, you see, God gave Israel uh uh uh you know uh keeping the Sabbath holy and uh and all all of all of the ordinance and and everything. You see, they they could do it. they they they could they could uh h keep those things and uh keep the ordinance of God and and and all of those things because they were living in a community. The people of God there in Egypt, they were in Genan was their place. They were living together. Are we together? Amen. So you see that uh uh this this is where I'm coming from and and uh uh and if I don't do if I don't if if I don't spit it out quickly I will keep going into cycle. I'm not a good speaker and uh uh but where I'm coming from is that God's purpose of the church is God's community. Amen. the purpose of the church. As we go into the scripture and then look into the message, you will you will pretty uh uh uh you will soon see that uh uh uh the church, the reason why we are called together, the reason why the Bible says forsake not the assembling of the sin. The reason why the uh uh uh you know we must we must have a place that we call church a place that we call our church our home is because that is the closest community of God you will have on earth. Praise the Lord. Amen. that is the closier community. The church in as much as uh uh uh uh we are different families and and you know coming from different backgrounds and different with all of our differences when we come under that headship to to believe that uh we are member of good sheeperd church. We call this place our church, good sheeperd fellowship or you know uh uh uh uh uh spoken word fellowship or whatever the church name is. If we we must realize that we have chosen that place to be our community and in every community there are uh uh laws rules that govern the community and I believe that's the work of the word of God. The word govern our community. Praise the Lord. Now, so you see it from that. Wake that young man up. Don't do that. Okay? If you are tired, you go outside and get water to drink. Now, if you if you if you if we look at it together, you will see uh what's going on. Now so uh uh uh honor this prophecy here David is saying I will declare my name thy name to my brethrens in in the midst of the congregation. Praise the Lord. Now you will find that a whole lot in the Old Testament congregation is used. Church was never used in the Old Testament. Like I said, Jesus was the first time. You check it out in your Bible, you will see the second time church was used, he used it again. And the time he use it, he use it under the discipline of the church. If a brother offend you, you go and meet him. If you can't reconcile him, call another person to go and meet. If you cannot reconcile, get a third person to go and meet. If he would not be reconciled, bring it to the church. Now I will be thinking in my mind these Jewish believers, what is he calling the church? Is said the the is said the name for our owner group different from the synagogues or different from uh uh uh the temple. Are we not calling it temple anymore? Praise the Lord. So he said if you would not be reconciled then bring it and come and tell it before the church. That is the second time church was used in scripture. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now I took all of your time this morning to be talking on the phone. So I have to go quickly. Let's go to Hebrew chapter 2. Hebrew chapter 2. Hebrew chapter 2. Praise the Lord. Now see how how how Paul is going to take uh David prophecy and make it more real to us. He's going to take David prophecy because being a prophet now you have to remember he was a student of the word when he met Jesus on the on on the road of Damascos. God dealt with him and and and uh and now he started looking. His own Bible became a new book. Amen. The Torah became a new book to Paul because he could see the revelation of what Moses spoke about or what the prophet spoke about. Are we together? So in in in Hebrew chapter 2, Paul is is is now going to establish how the God in Sundra times, the God that led our fathers by the pillar of fire that show himself to Manoah wife and there with all the kings and and uh uh David and the rest of them, this God has come to us in a form called the word. In this last day, he has revealed himself through his son. But now in chapter two, he's going to show how he even took a lower form. He make himself lower than angels. Are we together? Praise the Lord. How he make himself lower than angels? Are we together? Amen. Amen. There was something that was crossing my mind. That's what I stopped. And what what I was thinking about is that you know there was the difference that made the Pharisees and the Sadducees. The Pharisees believe in angels. The Sadducees do not believe in angels. And the Pharisees believe in resurrection. The s Sadducees do not believe in resurrection. Now, you have to realize that uh uh uh uh the Jews hold very very strong to these things. Now, so Paul, what he was going to do because he wrote the book of Hebrew was actually written to the Jewish church. Now, so what he's going to do, he's going to take their strong belief and he's going to show that in as much as it was good for us then, but God has something better in store. Amen. He had a better priesthood. He had a better sacrifice. He had a better temple. So you you go through the book of Hebrew, you see how Paul talking about a a priest who are better than the ironic priesthood. So he he's saying all of these things. Now just trying to give you a background so you can be able to grab this picture. So he talks about how this God uh uh uh uh uh made himself lower than an angel. Are we together? Amen. Let's go to verse four. That will give you a little picture and I hope I get time then I will come into what I want to share with you. God also bearing them witness both with signs and wonders and diverse miracle the gift of the Holy Ghost I call into his own will. For unto the For unto the angel have he put have he not put in suggestion the word to come whereof we speak now. So what he's doing now, he's trying to in as much as the Jewish church believe in angels, he's trying to make them to see that God did not commit his word, his creation unto angels. Are we together? Amen. But one in a certain place testify, saying, What is man that thou are mindful of him? Who was that one? David. Psalm chapter 8. David was the one that said, "Who is man that thou are mindful of him?" Now see what he's doing now. But one in a certain place testify, saying, What is man that thou are mindful of him? Or the son of man, that thou visitth him? Thou madeth him a little lower than the angel. Thou crowneth him with glory and honor, and did set him over the works of thy hands. It was not committed to angel. But God took a form lower than the angel. That's what he's trying to help us to see. That's why he's trying to bring to this Jewish church. Now, see, he's preaching the godhead. He's trying to make them to see what this Jesus was. He was not just a son of Joseph. Are we together? Amen. So he said everything there. Verse nine. This is where I where where we want to go now. But but see but we see Jesus. We see this Jesus. Praise the Lord. Are you seeing the picture? We see Jesus who was made a little lower than the angel for the suffering of death. Psalm 22. Keep it in your mind. Amen. He was made a little lower than angel for the suffering of death, crying with glory and honor that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. Are we together? For it became him, of whom all things, of whom are all things, and by whom are all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through suffering. For both he that sanctifith, he set himself aside, the one that make himself little Lord and an angel. Both he that sanctifith and they who are sanctify are all one. Are we together? For which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethrens. So on the inspiration when David said I you know I will declare thy name to my brethrens. Amen. Praise the Lord. So God be even before h the virgin birth God was was was identifying himself with us. Are we together? Amen. Amen. I hope I hope that uh the Lord helped me to bring it out to you this morning and and and it can it will be a blessing. Says uh so he said for the one that sentif and they that also were sanctified all one for which cause he's not ashamed to call them brethrens saying I will declare thy name unto my brethren. What is he quoting? Psalm 22. Praise the Lord. He's now quoting Psalm 22. Paul has now come to the revelation of Jesus Christ. He have now come after after the uh the the angel met him on the road of Damascus. His his uh spiritual understanding. Now he's seeing the mystery of God. Now he's understanding God's program all through uh right from the beginning that this thing was not all about Jews and Gentile. This thing it was about God manifesting his attribute and gathering them back to himself. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so Paul here is re is is is now reminding the Jews. This is what is written in your Torah. This is what David said in the psalm saying, "I will declare thy name unto my brethrens in the midst of the church will I praise, will I sing praise on today." What change? Congregation. Congregation change. David said congregation. Yeah. Paul is saying church. Where did he got it from? Jesus. Because Jesus said church. Are we together? So Paul is now coming into a better understanding. He read the psalm. It was read during services. It was read during the feast. Uh over and over they read it during the Passover. They read Psalm 22 over and over. Being a boy, he heard it being read. But yet God now is giving him an understanding. Praise the Lord. That this thing is not just a ritual to be to be read at every event, but this is God's program. Are we together? This is God's program. This is God's doing. That's his manifestation. Are we together? It's very important people because the church has been misunderstood and the church has been misused. Amen. The church has been misunderstood and the church has been misused. A person can get up today and start a church right in their house. You have that right. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's easy to say Jesus said whatsoever two or three gather. Praise the Lord. But what's the purpose? What is the purpose? Praise the Lord. Because if we just change the name from good shepherd to good harvest, praise the Lord. And it's and and we still doing the same thing, then there is just no need. Just keep the same name. That be good shepherd part one, good sheeperd part two, good sheeperd part three. But if the only thing that makes us different is our need and we are doing the same thing then there is just no need. Praise the Lord. That's why we have more than more than 9,000 plus is brother said 9,000 in his day. Now we have a million plus uh different denomination with different names. Are we together? Well, just like I said, I hope I hope I hope I hope my prayer this morning was Lord, let this be a blessing. Amen. I hope that it come across to you as a blessing, something that will edify you. Then you will see where giving comes in. You will see what where giving comes in. Are we to Are we together? Praise the Lord. You will see where giving comes in. That uh it's not it's not a desperate man coming coming after your savings. Okay? It's not a desperate man coming after your savings. Are we together? saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethrens in the midst of the church. I will sing praises unto thee and again I will put my trust in him. That was the very thing David said. He put his trust in him. If you read it side by side, Psalm 22, you read it close, you begin to see the picture. I will declare thy name unto my brethrens in the midst of the church. I will sing praises unto thee. Again, I will put my trust in him. David said it in the psalm. He's quoting the psalm again. Behold, I am the children which God has given me. Are we together? Amen. Now he's he's quoting he's he he he he quoting David. He's making us to see is Jesus. He said for this Jesus for we see Jesus who was made a lower a little lower than the angel. Oh father, help us this morning. Amen. I will declare thy name unto my brethrens. In the midst of the church will I sing praises unto thee. Again I will put my trust in him. And again behold I and the children which God has given me. Verse 14. For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself. If his children are partaker of flesh and blood, he also himself. Are you seeing the picture? Is it becoming real to you? Hallelujah. This is not something that we are joining. This is a family thing. This is a blood thing. Amen. His blood has to run in you for you to be part of this. You can't join it. It's a family thing. I and the children that God has given me, in as much as they are made out of flesh, for as much as their children are partakers of flesh and blood. How do we do it? We bypass our true funny. Amen. We pick up existing element body. He also himself likewise. If my seed, if my if my children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also likewise. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? He also likewise took part of the scene that through death he might destroy him that have power of death. That is the devil. That's why brother Brandham said he took the stain of death. He became one of us. He took on flesh so he can take this the stain of death and destroy the power of death. That death do not have power over us. Death only change our dwelling place. Amen. It's just a burgy that we hit the rope and it takes us in the sky. That's all death is. Why? Because one took the sin of death and he destroyed the power of death. So you see in God's mind just like how he dare with the children of Israel he gave them a place he said I will meet you in the place that I put my name. Amen. That is the only place I will accept your sacrifice. That is the place I will accept your worship. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Are we together? He kept Israel as a community. That is the reason why when the people were dispersed, they could no longer keep the Sabbath because when day is breaking in Africa, we going to bed. The Sabbath was effective when they were as a community. They could wake up together. They could go to bed together. Are you seeing the picture? Amen. So just like how God there with his first church, the people he brought out of Egypt, a people he called out of a nation and took them into another nation. Praise the Lord. The same way he dare with them, they traveled together. He gathered them the uh at night time he brings out the pillar of fire. It brightened the place. They can fellowship. They can you know uh uh and and uh uh the daytime the pillar of cloud he gave them manner. He kept them together as a community. Praise the Lord. Tell me now those people were seeing the pillar of fire. They knew that that was the glory of God. Amen. They tasted of the bread. The man of fell. They ate of it. Glory be to God. But yet in that church, we had gossip. We have people plotting to get rid of Moses. Are we together? We're not going to be free from it. Amen. Amen. We have men that rose against Moses and say see the whole it look like this thing is just Moses and Aaron. Moses and Aaron. Moses said Moses said Moses said if they rose against h Moses in the first exod we're not going to be free from it. If they rose against uh Moses uh they complain and uh uh uh uh and and and Achon stealing the Babylonian government destroying his entire family. The very same thing will happen in the gentile church. Are we together? I'm I'm saying all this so you can see the picture because until we know what are our rights, we will not fight for it. Until we know what belongs to us, we will not fight for it. If good sheeperd church just looks like it's brother one's church, you will not fight for it because it's just his church. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then if you go on the next side there and brother Dan has his church is brother Dan's church. Now what will happen now? You have to stay and make your own. Are you seeing what I'm bringing across to you this morning? Amen. I want for I want for us to be able to see it. Praise the Lord. He prophesied, I will declare your name to my brethrens in the midst of the congregation. Praise the Lord. God back in his word for this thing to to happen for it to be fulfilled. He said, "For as much as the children were made of flesh, I will have to be partaker of flesh." So we can bring to pass the purpose of declaring my name. Praise the Lord. So we can bring that to pass. Because we have to realize that uh uh we one time we were all in God's mind. He thought about us and in his mind he had a happy family. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's just like a young man before he gets married, he's thinking about, I want to have three children or five, whatever. And and he's just thinking in his mind, he's living in that in that word of just thinking about them, giving them names. One time, Almighty God was like that. But when he choose to come down into time, it was to display his attribute. bring all of these things that was in his mind, make them manifest. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Now, so here is it. Let's go to the book of Romans. Romans chapter 8. Romans chapter 8. Brother Brandham used this scripture. He preached the message all things. He preached the message pardon. Hallelujah. Oh, what an awesome God we serve. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Follow me now. Romans chapter 8. Let's read from verse 31. What shall we say then to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? Amen. He that spare not his own son, but deliver him up for us all. How shall he net with him also freely give us all things? Praise the Lord. Can we read that again? Can we read it together? Verse 32. He that spared not his own son, but deliver him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things? I hope you paid attention now uh because this is where I was going to preach my message giving from. Praise the Lord. Now when you think about this that God in his mind choose to spread his children all over the world. And the God that placed us wherever he is, he has the power to bring us out of it. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's he has a power to bring us to gravitate us to himself. Praise the Lord. In as much as he can bring us from different nation, different tribes and different people, he also can bring us out of different situations. Amen. He can bring us out of different situation. He can bring us out of uh uh different things we are dealing with in our lives. Are we together? Amen. If he could watch over us from the day we were separated from our mother's womb and has kept us till now and has made a way that we can come to his saving knowledge, he's able to bring us out of situation. Are we together? No matter what we are dealing with, praise the Lord. He's able to bring us out of faith. Are we together? Hallelujah. Amen. He can do it. Now look at what Paul says and what we wanted to look at here when we talk about giving. The most familiar scripture that is read in this. I just speak few meanings and then allow you to go because u of the lateness this morning. St. John let us know for God so loved the word that he gave. Praise the Lord. The first giver was God. He's the best giver and no one can beat him in giving. There's a there's an old song that says you can beat God-given no matter how hard you try. Amen. You cannot beat God giving. I love that song. You cannot beat him. You can't beat God-giving no matter how hard you try. Are we together? For God so loved the word. Now that is that is that is a gap power. That's what agape does. Agap gave. For God so agape the the word. He so agape the the word that he gave. Amen. He gave himself. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Finding a place here where I can just tie the knot, you know, and and tie every one of us together. Do like Samson. He got those foxes tie their taste together. That's what I'm trying to do this morning. Hallelujah. Now, Paul says here, "He that spare not his own son, but deliver him up for us all. For God so loved the word that he gave his son for us all. If he can give us his son, that's what Paul is saying here. What is hard for God to give you? Praise the Lord. Amen. If God can could give you his own life, if God could condemn sin, take on flesh to be a daily fire with you to be the captain of your salvation. What is difficult for him to give to you? Man, I'm going to preach like a prosperity preacher this morning because whatever you want, you can have it. Praise the Lord. Whatever you want. You want a You want a jet, you can have it. You want a mansion, you can have it. Whatever you want. Are we together? Praise the Lord. That's that's that is the conflict that is out there. But the word the word answer all of our questions. Amen. Now, watch the scripture. Now, let's go back and read. He spar not his own son, but deliver him up for us all. How shall he not with him? With who? Praise the Lord. He gave us his own son. Praise the Lord. How shall he net with him also freely gave us all things? Now if you want to take all things, don't leave him out because he gave you all things with him. Praise the Lord. If you want to take all things and leave him out, then you're not getting it from him. Are we together? Praise the Lord. So you can have whatever you want. Praise the Lord. Say, "Oh, well, you know, as as uh you know, as a Christian, you must not drive this kind of." It does not matter as long as you can have it with him. How shall he net with him? With Christ with the word freely give us all things. You are freely giving everything but with the word. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandon will bring a very beautiful. He said the first of these things I want to mention he said is that he gave us pardon. He said what is pardon? Pardon is free from guilt. Praise the Lord. So you cannot be guilted driving your what is the most expensive car out there? Bugatti. Okay, I don't even know how to call it. Praise the Lord. So you cannot be embarrassed driving your Bugatti or whatever the name is. The first thing he did was he free us from guilt. When you are free from guilt, you don't have to look over your shoulders. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. So, you love the giving message this morning. Praise the Lord. But it's just the foundation. Wait until I finish. See where I'm going this morning. Praise the Lord. He that spare net his own son, but deliver him up for us all, how shall he net with him? He does not give us all things without him. Why? because he has make us joers with Christ. So it's with him Christ the word that he gave us all. We have right to everything. Praise the Lord. Because without him we will never get the best use out of it. Praise the Lord. When Adam dropped him in the beginning, the whole earth went into chaos. So if he's giving us back everything, he has to give it us with him, Christ. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You see, so if he gives you pardon and then he frees you from guilt, you gets to the place where uh h I mean as as as long as you are in Christ and and doing things by the word, you don't have a haunting memory. Amen. You don't have anything coming after you because you know the old account was settled long ago. I settle the old account. I settle it on my knees. Praise the Lord. Let the gossip gossip. Amen. Let the gossip or gossip. Oh brother say ask for big things. You see, but if you don't h if you don't have him, if you are not going to freely have everything with him, then it it's going to be a snail for you. It's going to destroy your life. Praise the Lord. Do you see how just one verse can take us the sleep from a preacher away? I just couldn't I couldn't get asleep. Praise the Lord. when I travel with the young people, we traveled as far as to Chicago and uh uh uh it was it was almost about 1:00 a.m. and I said, "No, I I told him, you know, they were all bragging. They are not going to sleep, you know, and making noise and uh you know, and I mean, we were we were singing, we were talking, we had good talks, you know, and uh they were telling me their expectation for the camp and what they expecting, you know, and all of that. But then I felt I said no I need to I need to pull off and you know uh we found a hotel and we got in there. So uh put the girls in their room and Emmanuel and myself were together and uh uh so I decided to to just steady pray a little bit. That's what I wanted to do and uh because I know uh it was it was going to be a tiresome trip. So I I started I started looking started studying and praying but then I was just hearing ch I had to call them a couple of times on their phone. Hey y'all go to bed. Y please go to bed. Yeah but it was it was good. So I was I was just I was looking at this thing and and I mean it just it just ruined my sleep. I couldn't sleep. And now uh okay so let's just go into let's go into this now so we can be able to appreciate the word. Amen. Thank you for bearing with me. Praise the Lord. What an awesome God we serve. Amen. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. I sure believe that. Hallelujah. He's an awesome God. He's a wonderful Jesus. He that spare not his his own son, but deliver him up for us all. How shall he net with him freely give us all things? What a promise. Amen. What a promise. That he has given us all things. We have a right to everything. Everything. Praise the Lord. There must be nothing that must be too big for us to accomplish. Praise the Lord. There must be nothing that is too big for us. But you see the thing about it there is that we must first have him. Amen. We must first have him. He freely gave us for God so loved the word if he spare not his son. So you see before he gave us all things the first thing he gave us was his son. Are we together? Amen. Now this is where this is where my my giving message is coming to you this morning. You see because uh uh you cannot you cannot give that's what Paul will say to the Corinthians. God love a cheerful giver. You cannot give if your heart is not in it. Praise the Lord. Amen. In as much as giving is a sensitive subject to the church, to the religious world because it looks like someone fishing out for money, but it has a revelation. There is something that is that is attached to it. Praise the Lord. Because I would tell you this morning that your your finance, your contribution, your service to the Lord is not good enough if you have not given yourself. Praise the Lord. King never brought rotten fruit. That's a lying gospel. He brought the first fruit. Yes. Amen. You go into Leviticus. Leviticus talks about the first fruit. He brought the first fruit. He was not rejected because his his offering was wrong. The scripture only tell us that Abel by revelation offer a what? More excellent. That's what the Bible says. They didn't say uh uh uh uh king sacrifice was was was not accepted because it was not good. The Bible talks about the first fruit. He brought the first fruit. But what was his problem? His heart. Amen. His heart. That's where his problem was. Praise the Lord. Let me tell let me show you something here. Ephesians chapter 1. I'm going all over to the place all over the place now because I want to get this uh I want to get this uh get this thing over here with you. Praise the Lord. See what the Bible says here. Ephesians chapter 1. Let's read verse three. Blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ who have blessed us with all spiritual blessing in heavenly places. listening to this now. I call him. Okay. I want to make sure that I'm not off here. I call in as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the word that we should be holy and uh and without blame before him in love. Praise the Lord. Amen. having predestinated us to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to him, I call him to the good pleasure of his will. Verse six, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he have made us accepted in the beloved. Our acception uh God accepting us is not because of the family we were born or because of the nation we came from or that you know our our our our father was a a bishop or grandfather was a a minister. No, no, no, no, no. We have been accepted in the beloved and the beloved is Christ because God accepted him as our sacrifice. Are we together? Just like when the worshipper bring his sacrifice, when the sacrifice was accepted, the worshipper was also accepted. So are we together? Amen. You go in the book of Deuteronomy, the Bible will even tell the scripture will tells us that even when a man was bringing his offering and uh uh uh uh and and he he had to put it in the place where God has put his name. Are we together? So you see it's not the service, it's not the sacrifice, it's what God's word has ordain. Are we together? So the first thing that God will take from us is ourself. Praise the Lord. If you are not giving to the Lord, I mean uh your life and and and you are not giving yourself to his word, you are not giving yourself to prayer. You can't give money. Let me tell you, you can't give money. You will struggle to praise the Lord. Are we together? That is the problem with the church. We want to do service for God and and most of the time we fall in the place of just looking for some service also. True service to God is when you are giving when you you are giving over. If God can have you, he can have everything that you have. If he can have you, there is nothing of yours that will be difficult to give. That is the problem of giving. He that spare not his own son, he could give it. If he could give you his son, then what is difficult for him to give you all things? If he could give you himself, what is difficult for him to give you all things? So, he's not going to receive all things or anything from you until you can give yourself. Praise the Lord. And that's the reason why our generation is is is is becoming uh uh uh is is depleting of men and women that are that are that are giving to the Lord. When I say giving to the Lord, you'll find uh uh uh uh uh uh uh ages back where uh uh uh people gave in different ways. They went down to uh uh uh shelter to give. They went down to homeless places to give. They had the burden to to to to do something for people that were in need. The giving was not just passing collection plate. Let's pass the plate first, let's pass it second. No, people had was burdened to be able to do service for other humanity. That's when men were giving to God. They wanted to do something for their community. They wanted to do something for a a a relative. The relative don't have to be in the same church that you were in. That's true sense of giving. Praise the Lord. And if we cannot do that, no matter how much we pass the plate, if we can't give ourself and give our time to the Lord, give your time in prayer, give your time in reading the word, you can't give your time in that, coming to church will not mean anything to you. It won't mean anything to you. You will put it on your calendar schedule. I can be here this day. I can't be here because I have uh I can be here. You will just put it on your calendar. Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham says it was in the jubilee when when the jubilee sound when the trumpet sound, he says uh the slave drops whatever is in his hand because he heard that jubilee sound. He's ready to go free. He's ready to go into worship. Whatever we're doing, we can freely drop it because we know it's service time. Kids, let's gather. It's service time. Amen. We have given this time for service. So whether you at home, whether you you you need to be in church, it's service time. It must be service time. That's giving. That's the true sense of giving. Giving God is not counted in saints and doubt people because we will not do it faithfully. If this is not real to us, Amen. If it is not real to us, you will not do it faithfully. We will count our needs in priority over our obligations to God. Praise the Lord. Amen. And then we want to make it an American slogan. The belts bills don't have nothing to do with it. It don't have nothing to do with it. God took care of you before you start paying bills. And the same God that took care of you, he can take care of you. It don't have nothing. It's just a poor It's is it's a depleted version of how much we have made God. A very poor revelation. It shows how much the inner man is giving to God. How much we love this God. If he spare not his son and freely give, he can give us all things. All things. Is Bill not part of all things? Is build not part of all things? Love the Lord with all of your heart, all of your soul, all of your mind. Love the Lord with all of your heart, all of your soul, all of your mind, all of your strength. It's not just a good verse, people. It's an experience with God. Amen. It's a birth something you are birthed into. Paul says, "What can separate us from the love of God?" Amen. Is it trial? Is it sickness? What? What can separate us? That's what we talking about. When we talk about giving, that's where it starts from. Praise the Lord. Because if you don't have it, it just a matter of time you start complaining. you will start complaining. I used to pay my t there. I donated there pretty soon because there's there is there is no keep there is there is nothing keeping you pretty soon. Are we together? So king's sacrifice was not was not rotten fruit. It was the first fruit. Praise the Lord. And if you want to take it first fruit, it was thie. Your tie is your first fruit. So he was paying tithe, but yet it was rejected. So yeah, God can reject your tie based on your attitude. Praise the Lord. The things you say behind it, the thoughts that run through your mind. Israel were told that they should they cannot pay tithe from uh from uh the purchase of dogs which were uh uh Gentiles. You couldn't you couldn't pay tithe from from the purchase of a slave. It was not accepted. Praise the Lord. Are you getting the picture this morning? The people were supposed to bring the uh all of the uh their offerings and uh all of the uh sacrifices to the place that God has put his name. And that place that God has put his name in our day is in Christ Jesus the word. Praise the Lord. Out of the word. out of the word. So you see that's that is the purpose of the church right from prophecy. He was to declare his name, make himself known. And there's there's just a little few that I I I would like to go in, but I I just thought that I will spend a lot of time on it this morning if I continue to go that direction. You know why I'm saying this people? Let me let me be let me be frank to you. This little assembling that you see here has uh has been involved in lot of things. Lot of things. uh uh uh in few parts of the word. Let me not say the whole word. I I will not be telling truth. In few parts of the word and uh uh and God has really really really blessed us as a people. He has blessed us as a people in uh in uh some of the things that we do. Uh we we uh we support work with a lot of missionaries, you know, because if you can't go, you should send one. We get involved and uh most of uh the preachers that pass uh through us here, we treat them as missionaries because uh they are they are traveling different from the ones that we invite. and and as a church we have committed ourself you know uh to support these brothers you know take care of them when they come in you know and and and all of that and and by God's grace you know uh I mean that that was that was one of the first thing that I saw here and I I I prayed about it I told the Lord I'm going to keep it just like that you know uh uh uh you know by God's grace we're never form of the place to say well you know uh Uh, brother John is preaching. Let's let's pass the offering and uh and you know and take up offering for the minister. Now let me say this now. I'm not saying that that is wrong. That people that do it is wrong. No, it's not wrong. Okay? Don't don't get me wrong. I'm not saying that it's wrong. I'm saying that God has given us the grace as a church not to go that route. Okay? He has given us the grace as a church not to you know uh uh uh you know it's not that it's wrong. It's not wrong at all. It's not wrong at all when people do that. But also is at a place where uh many of us things are done around the church and uh uh uh God bless you brother Kenneth. I didn't I didn't see you sleeping in there. How are you? And uh is that uh uh what's the sister name? Uh Kimmy. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was I was trying to do my best. God bless you, sister. Thank you. Thank you for coming to fellowship with us. Thank you. Now so uh uh you know all of all all of that uh uh almost kind of losing my train of mind here and and there are things that are done you know uh and everything that is done around this local assembly we don't pay for service everything that is done for most everything that is done here is done voluntarily is done voluntarily most everything that is done around the cleaning clean of the build the the building the bathroom the cleaning of outside and and most everything is done is done voluntarily and uh and and and it's and it's something that we are proud of to see that God uh you know have placed on people heart to make their time available to come and you know make this place a habitable place for us. Praise the Lord. Amen. That is a beautiful thing. But as a pastor, I'm not I'm not satisfied that our service to the Lord must be limited to that. Praise the Lord. No, I'm not satisfied. Uh uh uh and and I and then I I I I don't I don't have to know, you know. I don't have to know. I'm not uh uh uh trying to be nosy in what you are doing you know privately for the Lord. I I don't have to know it. But what what I want to do is de I want by the help of the Lord and the burden of the Holy Ghost to make you a missionary to make you a part of God's work in in a in a different way. Praise the Lord. Amen. for you to sit and ask yourself, what am I doing for the Lord? How am I involved? Praise the Lord. And uh just just uh the other time we had that brother here visiting with us from Sevilleong and uh just you all know the story. He's he his brother lives in the apartment. Yeah. He just came back to visit with us. I mean a very very good golly man. He's very good golly man. I mean he loved the lord. He loved the lord. I mean from uh from the first day that he came uh uh to fellowship with us uh I mean he enjoyed the word you know uh uh uh never had no problem with uh uh talking to him about brother Brandham talking to him about the message. I mean uh I mean he just he just loved the Lord and he he he felt like uh that was the purpose of his trip to to America to come in contact with the word to see it in a way that he had never saw it before. Praise the Lord. And since the first service he's here Wednesday night, he's here on Sunday. I mean sometimes he's uh maybe the first or second person that gets through the door. I mean, he was always here and he's a pastor of a local church. Praise the Lord. So, what we did was and uh we thought that we would we would give him a little support as a as a as a pastor with us. Uh you know, we supported him while he was around. uh uh just just a little little talking we we we choose to give and and uh uh you know just just to be able to support him. And uh and then before he left uh you know uh I told I I took him somewhere downtown Minneapolis uh to a man that has a uh you know he has a ministry of shipping Bibles you know overseas and and uh uh his wife and my wife work together. That's how they got to know one another. And uh uh so so we went and and and visited the place which of course it was it was just it was just it was such a blessing to me. Okay. Such a blessing. I mean he's been running that place for over you told me over 18 years have it organized. He says uh we only send out the word nothing but the word. Amen. We don't send out Jehovah witness things. We don't do no cut. We don't do nothing just the scripture and just to see the commitment. He's sending these things out to people he will never meet in this life. Praise the Lord. Amen. People that he would and to see the joy that he has in it. Yeah, man. This guy, he has so much energy. Amen. He's an older gentleman. So much energy. I mean, he said, "Come, come inside. Come inside." you know, give you a toll and sit down and you know, I mean, I mean, I was just I was just so carried away. Praise the Lord. Amen. We've been given a message. God has uh sent a message to call out a bride. But you also have to realize that when the bride is cut from the pattern, the other material is not useless. Amen. The other material that that that is that has been cut off is not useless. It's not thrown away. That's where our foolish virgin comes from. Whosoever will, he that thirst, let him come. That's what John said. Praise the Lord. When we think about the bride and we think about uh uh uh the message, it it had just become so selfish in a way that we only think about ourself. I'm in the message as if that was the only thing that God wanted to do is to get you in. That's where I'm coming from this morning when I talk about giving. It's not to look into your pockets. By God's grace, the Lord has been good to us. Amen. You know, when you when you when you come from uh uh a struggling life, you appreciate when life gets better. Amen. And you don't you don't you don't also despise your struggling days because when you fall back, you know exactly what to do. Praise the Lord. But what are we doing for the Lord? What are we doing with this word that we hear service after service after service after service? What are we doing for the Lord? What are we doing that you can say that the Lord placed this burden on my heart? Praise the Lord. We have men uh that will come and preach to us. These men they have uh they have wives, they have uh they have family, they will come and labor with us and wonder, you know, uh uh sometimes I just think it in my mind, oh God, a lot of lot of things we will do in the name of the church. Take this from our church. you know uh uh but I mean let's let's not let's not allow uh uh the burden of the Lord to go away from us. We are just so consumed with ourself. Praise the Lord. We we are we we I mean it's is it's almost Lord Lord let let not the rapture come because uh you know I want to make sure I achieve this or I achieve that and whatsoever. God is not working on your timeline anyway. He working on his own timeline. Praise the Lord. But you see the problem is is not that the people, you know, in most cases what happened is that if you tell the people they will do it. If he just says let's have a meeting as a church, you know, we want to support this brother. I'm telling you the people will support but why should we always say it? Why should we always say? Why should it be at a place where uh uh we must tell you that uh you know this thing need to be done or this thing need to be done. If this is your community, if God has called us together as a church to declare his name, make his name known among us, what is your responsibility? What do you pick up as a responsibility? What do you do as a as as as going over your duty? Because he says, I will inhabit the praises of of the people. I will I will inhabit I will come and do it among them. What are we doing to make the atmosphere better? What are we doing to make it make it easier for another person? Praise the Lord. Amen. It breaks my heart to say not too long. It was just not too long. It's not it's not even over a year or two. how the Lord was was helping our young people. Helping our young people. We have uh some of the young ones uh uh trying to lead songs and uh Simon was playing there. The girls here was playing and all of that. and and and and sometimes when these things happen, it's so easy for us to sit back, put on our religious blanket, sit under it, and just talk. What are we doing? How does it affect you? How do you feel about it? What are you doing about it? What do we do? Praise the Lord. We work in places, you know. We work in places. We live in places. You don't want someone guessing whether you are a Christian or not. You want them to know. You don't want them to guess. Praise the Lord. You want them to know. You're not going about shouting, "I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian." That's not what we're talking about. Are you seeing what I'm coming from this morning? Look at the wise men when Jesus was born. The Bible says we they said we have seen his star in the east and we have come to worship him. Praise the Lord. And when they came to worship, every one of them according to the revelation that was in their heart, they brought a gift for the word. As they come to worship the word, there was something they come to give. You see that is the difference between agapo love and feel your love. Feel your love, just receive. Feel your love, just receive. Agap love gave. Amen. Brother Brandham says when love projects, he says when love projects, he says that's when sovereign grace steps on the scene, take over the situation because love has projected itself. Praise the Lord. I mean it goes as as much as to our homes. It goes uh you know to our family, our loved ones because that's what the church is. That's what the church is. That's the that is the closest community we have on earth. a people that mention your name in prayer that thinks about you and and and and say Lord bless that sister I don't even know her name but Lord God bless her and and bless that brother sometime ashamed to say it when we think about it praise the Lord and it's our responsibility. I'm just doing this this morning just to be able to encourage you as I just close up now and uh uh taking sides with Jesus. Brother talks about our uh there be a tomorrow. Every generation live with an anticipation of the coming of the Lord. And because they were anticipating that God will come and they die with that anticipation is the expectation is that anticipation that wakes them up because they die with their think. Praise the Lord. Expecting that God will come in their generation. But if he don't comes in our generation and if there is a tomorrow, praise the Lord, our our young people. Praise the Lord. If there is a more cherish uh treasure that we have, it's a young people, you know, Friday how to do some few things and uh came over at the church year, get some things done and and then uh I was just getting myself ready for the trip. I thought I was going to sleep. I couldn't. And then I was driving home. home. I was saying to the Lord, I says, "Lord, uh these parents have given me their children. I'm going to drive over 8 hours, Lord. And uh whether I slept or not, I still need your help." Praise the Lord. To be able to land him safely to the campground and make sure that he get back home safely. Praise the Lord. And you see, it's just like when you get on the flight or you get on any kind of a transportation, that moment to your destination, your life is in the hands of the pilot with God above. Praise the Lord. But he's the man. He's the captain on the plane. What is the shape? He's the captain. He hold himself responsible that he have your life. I feel the same when you come through those doors. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's how I feel. We're going to fly and we want to make sure that we land on the other side. Praise the Lord. This plane is not made by Boeing. So you can you can relax. The window is not going to go off. Praise the Lord. The tired is not going to bust, but yet your pilot is a is a human. Praise the Lord. He's a guy that can get frustrated. He's a guy that can get angry. He's a guy that can get tired. And he's a guy that needs your prayer more than anything. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have a responsibility as a people, as a church, not just to have a place, come together Wednesday night, come together Sunday morning and just sit down and you know and you know yell at you all the time. No, that's a body. That's a responsibility. This is a community. Praise the Lord. Amen. If we don't know your needs, we can pray for you. If you don't allow us, we can't help you. We can help you. I don't even know how to do it. But if you trust me and uh and we trust the Lord together, praise the Lord. Just like I said, Moses never got it easy. He had a pillar of fire. He had a pillar of cloud, but yet he had a stealing Babylonian garment. He had uh Aberon and and the rest of them rising up against. We will always have those things. We will always have it. But it must not distort our vision. It must not distort our purpose. Praise the Lord. Amen. We want to make this place a happy place. We pray that you know if if the Lord will will if he if he retire it, if it is in his mind to stay very long, we trust that he will bless us with uh with place where we can have adequate space to do what we want to do. But until then, we want to keep this place. Honor the preeeminence of the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. Amen. Pray for me as I pray for you. And let's labor together. Glory be to God. Let's labor together. Let's do what uh uh uh you know uh is is right to do by the word and I'm sure we're going to come out successful on the other side. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads together. Musicians, you can come. This is your house. Father come and dwell. Yes, Lord. A holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your heart. house. Come and let's sing it together now. This is your house. Father, come and dwell. This is your heart. A holy house of friend where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. And this is your house. Come and worship. I just want us to pray together this afternoon as we uh just bring this time of fellowship to a close. Thank you for bearing with me. But I want us to pray then just remember those young uh uh uh those young people out there in Indiana that God will just have his way. We want them to that uh they will just have a good time and uh the Lord will meet each and every one of them uh wherever they are in their walk with God. Something something will happen. We know that it's it's always been when young people go to camp. They never come back the same. But yet we have a devil that will just come and you know challenge them in different ways. I just want us to just pray for them. Pray for every family that is identified with this assembly. Pray for me and uh uh also uh my wife and our home. We we want to be thankful to the Lord that we can be a service to you and that you can also be the same to us. Let's pray together in Jesus name. and heavenly father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, we pray. Almighty God, Father, Lord, we just asking, oh God, Father, that as we commit ourself in your hands, oh God, this afternoon, Lord God, Father, Lord, I just had this little thing on my heart to God, Father. Lord, just to be able, oh God, Father, Lord, trying, oh God, to to to just to just to get the attention of the people, Lord, Father, just to, oh, Father God, Lord, almighty God, oh precious Lord, how we can preach on the importance of the seals. We can talk about the temple, Father God, this morning. But Lord, Father, we want to talk about our church and its condition, Lord. Oh, Father God. So I pray Lord that your grace oh God father will just move from heart to heart to God you will move from home to home oh precious Lord go from life to life this morning almighty God I pray that father your special grace Lord and blessing will oh father God just be Lord with all of your children Lord Father thank you oh God father Lord Jesus for the people to God father that have grown trust and confidence to make this place home oh God father Lord for those, oh God, precious Lord Jesus, we commit them into your hands. We ask for your blessing, oh God. Father, we ask that, Lord God, you oh God, begin to do things, oh Father God, in the life of your children, oh God, deal with their hearts, oh God. Father, speak to their hearts. Oh God, we have a lot of hurting people around us. Oh God, we have people hurting, disappointed, oh God. Father, just make us to be, oh God, so salty. Oh father god that the people around us will become thirsty oh God. Father Lord they can be able to see a little of Christ in our life. Oh father almighty God we pray. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh father what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father. Lord Jesus father. Oh God you said oh Lord God. Oh to your disciples. Lord father when the Holy Ghost come he will make you witnesses. Oh father, Lord God, you have make us witnesses of the last day message. Oh God, witnesses, oh father, of the move of God in this age. Witnesses of Father God, oh God, what you have done in our generation, Lord. Father, we have heard it over and over and over again, Lord. But God, we are praying that Father, Lord, it will just, oh God, Father, impart our life, oh God. It will set us on fire, oh God. It will give us a desire Lord Jesus to make life easier for somebody Lord God to be able to help Father God or pray for someone Lord Jesus or get involved oh God father one way or the other we pray almighty God precious Lord oh father we want to thank you Lord God you father that spend now to God your only son oh Lord Father you gave him for us Lord how now will you give oh God uh with him. Give us all things, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, I pray, oh God, in a special way, Father. Lord. Oh almighty God. G L Lord. Just just laboring. Oh father God with the people that Lord the Holy Ghost. So Father would would just take the word home. Oh God. Deal with their hearts. Oh God. Deal with their lives. Oh Father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we prayed. Oh precious Lord. How we just love you. How we thank you. How we appreciate you father. Oh how we love you. How we thank you. How we appreciate you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Jesus use me. Dear father, we just ask that Lord God, you will bless the rest of the week, oh God. Father, Lord, and just be with your children, Lord God, uh trusting you for one thing or another, meet God, each and every one of them, Father. Lord God, at at the very point of their needs, Lord, Father God, we pray, oh Lord God, we just love you. Thank you, Father, even for our sister, Lord God, Father, that have come into fellowship with us today. Lord we pray that God father you also bless her Lord Jesus. We just commit to oh father God lord ourself in your hands now come and go with us Lord bless the rest of the evening father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we commit ourselves to you now in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Jesus use me. Oh Lord, don't refuse me. For surely there's a work that I can do. And even though is humble, Lord, help my ways to crumble. And though the cost be great, our word for you. Let's sing that together now. Oh yes, Jesus use me. And Lord, don't refuse me. Surely there's a work that I can do. And even though it's humble, Lord, help my ways to crumble. And though the gospel [Music] now, let's stand on our feet. Oh Jesus, [Music] use me. And Lord, don't refuse me. Surely there's a work that I can do. And even gold is humble. Lord, help my way to crumble. And though the cost be great, I work for you. Let's sing that chorus. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I did not join it. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I did enjoy it. Let's start again. Praise the Lord. Amen. We all over the place. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Okay, let's go. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I did enjoy it. I'm singing something different. Amen. Amen. Now I'm singing something different. Praise the Lord. [Music] It's glorious church. Glorious day. I'm going to set away by his grace, not by my works. I'm in this church. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I didn't enjoy it. I was born. I have a new birth. Some glorious day. I'm going to sail the way by his grace. Not by my works. I'm in this church. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I did enjoy it. I was born. I have a new birth. Some glorious day. I'm going to say the way by his grace by works. I'm in his church. That's right. I'm in his church. It's a glorious church. I didn't join it. I was born. I have a new birth some glorious day. I will tell the way I grace about my work. I'm in this church. One more time. I'm in this church. It's a glorious church. I didn't join. I was born. I had you some glorious day. I'm going to sing away by his grace. Not by my works. I'm in his church. Amen. You know, I'm I'm singing I'm a seed. That's that's what that's what that's the tone that is in my mind. I can't get it out of my mind. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's let's try this other chorus. Those uh um the church is marching on. Let's let's try that one. The church is maring on and the church is maring on. Oh, the gates of hell will not prevail. The church is maring on. Oh, the church is maring on. And the church is maring on and the gates of God will not pre. The church is maring on. Yeah. The church is maring on. And the church is maring on. Yeah. The kiss of hell shall not prevail. The church is maring on. Oh, the kiss of hell shall not prevail. The church is maring on. The church is maring on. And the church is maring on. The gates of hell will not prevail. The church is mar yet the church is my sh and the church is my sh. Oh the g of hell shall not prevail. The church is my I'll see you on Wednesday night. Amen. Thank you, sister. The church is maring on. The church is maring on. The gates of hell shall not reveal. The church is maring on. The church is maring on. [Music]
