################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - 04-20-2025 Sunday Easter Service Bro. Crosby Maliko - From Worriers to Warriors - Crosby Maliko.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-20
Title:    04-20-2025 Sunday Easter Service: Bro. Crosby Maliko - From Worriers to Warriors
Speaker:  Crosby Maliko
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 3h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg1KJ-cIXCU
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hello. Hey. I am. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. This part's for sick. Take me and take it to the Lord in [Music] prayer. Take and share in me. Thou will find us all day. What a friend we have in Jesus. And what a friend we have in Jesus. All our saints and grief to him. What a privilege to care and everything to God in prayer. Oh peace we often for faith. Oh our kings we often fall and oh what we and all because we do not Thank to God in prayer. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. We want to say happy Easter to you. Amen. And uh uh we we are so glad to be here this morning. I think uh we have a testimony just before we go into our service. I apologize for coming up late. We have a little change in program this morning. Uh uh uh brother Lawrence was not feeling well. Uh so he had to be rushed to the hospital. Brother Ben, you will come up and uh uh give us a quick testimony and then uh we will go right into opening our service. Uh good morning saints. Uh I'd like to give uh testimony. uh you know when the Lord does something for you, it's good to come back and give testimonies so that you can strengthen your brothers or sisters. Actually, it's two testimonies. It's going to be short. I'm going to keep it short. Uh one of them is I know we have been praying for my mom and uh uh she was really sick in the hospital. She was uh admitted uh put on a you know uh uh it's called what drips or something like that. So there are some things I wanted it to be done in certain way but it was so hard because of coordination and the distance. So uh we sat down with my wife and we prayed the church prayed. It got so hard until you know you have to give yourself and leave it to the Lord. I led it to the Lord and say Lord you healed the centurion servant from afar. You did things from afar. Distance is nothing to you. The Lord stepped in. She's doing well. The last report I heard is she's going to be released on Tuesday. So we are serving a mighty God. Our Lord is strong. The other testimony I wanted to give is about last Wednesday as we were praying here prayerful prayer. Brother Bourne said let's do prayer. Let's get into the prayer today mood. We prayed and if you can remember the sound system the the projector and everything was not working. Brother Max walked in our brother he came I told him this thing is not working please look at it into it. So he knows a little bit about networking and all that. He looked checked tested tried it turned it off turn it on did updates it didn't work. So I saw him trying every time going out trying out going to check the other monitors. I told him brother I held him by the shoulder. I told him brother let's do this. You know you have been trying all you can do this brother just pray and committed to the Lord. Let's see what the Lord will do. Because you have done that before with brother with brother Max when he was fixing cars. do not work at all. Let's sit down. Let's pray. Neil, pray. I believe. Okay. We got into prayer. Prayed for him. The church was praying to here. It was so powerful. You could feel it from the back. If you are sensitive, you could feel the pressure and the you know those demonic oppression. I don't want to scare you. It was there. And that's why brother Warren was like, "Pray. Chase it out. You never pray too much. You can talk too much. That's right. You can sing too much, but you can't pray too much. So he prayed and then we prayed and then he walked back. He checked a few minutes to go. The thing was on up to today I think it's okay. So we thank God for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We love the Lord this morning. Going to be in the house of the Lord. We thank the Lord. We having couple of specials here and uh uh this is the day that the Lord has made. We will just take some of our prayer requests. Uh there's a prayer lead here from uh uh brother David Wright daughter just went to meet the Lord in a few minutes ago. Please keep the family in prayer. And uh another one here from brother larger since I want you to please keep me in prayer that almighty God will take care of me safely as I travel back to base. And thanks once again for attending my birthday dinner. That's from brother Elijah. So uh uh let's just uh uh if you have a prayer need you can make that known by uplifting your hands and [Music] uh reach out and touch the Lord. [Music] as he passes down and you will find he's not too busy to our heart cry. He is power sing all our needs. He will supply. Yes. Raise up and touch the Lord. Oh, I see. Oh, yes. reach out and touch your savior. Lord, as he passes by and you will find his [Music] natur. Your heart cry is fire. Sing by this moment all our knees. He throws up. Yes. Reach out and touch the Lord. I see. Let's bow our heads and pray over these days. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh God, Father, we just laid our hands upon all of these knees. So Father, Lord, that has been lifted to you, oh God. Father, and also Lord, the needs from the hearts of your children, Lord God. Father, what a blessed opportunity we have, oh God, to come, Lord, Father God, and uh uh uh worship, oh God, and celebrate the resurrection, Father. Lord, you spoke to us last night, oh God. Father of the ascension, their importance, oh God, when our priesthood ascended on heart, oh Father God, Lord, and and Lord, here we are this morning again, Father, we want you to come in a special way, Lord, and just meet us, oh God, at the very point of our need. Come take your word, break into our hearts, oh God. Father, we prayed, almighty God, Lord, for all our sick need. We pray for brother Loris who God touch our brother Father God Lord Jesus bring healing to his body father Lord God we pray Lord Jesus for brother uh Elijah as he travel back Lord God that your grace oh God will protect him oh father Lord God be with him as at his post of beauty Lord in his work we pray father for oh God Lord Jesus that family that lost their loved ones oh God father we ask that Lord your grace Lord Jesus will be with them, oh God. Father, we continue to remember, Lord, Father God, uh, uh, Sister Jennifer, the Peter Saints, Lord God, Father, Lord, and we pray that you just continue to strengthen them as they go through their morning period, Lord, and Sister uh, Amish, too, Father God. Lord, we just love you this morning. We appreciate you. What an awesome God. What a wonderful father you are this morning. Come, Lord Jesus. Come and break upon us, Lord, this morning. Father, we love you. We glorify you. We thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have h our sister Mary have a special so she will come up and sing that special. While she's coming, let's sing this song. uh in the resurrection morning. And uh let's sing that song in the resurrection morning. Oh, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelujah. Oh, give the rest of your holy are the prab broken. We shall rise. Hallelujah. Let us rise now. Oh yeah. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelu. [Music] Oh, in the resurrection falling. When the ching pass broken, we shall rise. Hallelujah. Let's sing the first words in the desal. We shall rise. Oh, then the saints will come rejoicing. No tears will ever be found. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We Oh, we shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. We shall rise. Hallelu. Oh, in the resurrection morning. When the praising B are broken, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall Let's do the next verse. Oh, in darkness [Music] surren it will be. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. When our fathers and our mothers and our love we shall sing. Oh we shall rise. Hallelujah. We Oh yes we shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. We shall rise. Hallelujah. In the resurrection morning. When the praising borrowing, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Let's have our seat while our sister uh sing and then uh right after that sister Naomi also have a special. So God bless you. God bless you. [Music] Amen. No more sior. [Music] [Music] Sh me. Ever you see no [Music] You seated [Music] the sh [Music] to May to proclaime proclaime. [Music] No musced [Music] Good [Music] ling. I know nothing yet. I know your skin. [Music] [Laughter] Oh my [Music] [Music] [Laughter] is [Music] not sharable. [Music] [Laughter] O [Music] don't [Music] me to drive the sea. You're a Never seed the deed. [Music] J we are maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We are maring upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. [Music] God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. As uh sister Naomi come up to give her special, we want to greet uh uh brother Alfred Kaml. Praise the Lord. And is that uh brother Valentin back there? Okay, I want to make sure that I get a straight shot this time. I always miss him. God bless you, brother. Sister Nomi, you can go ahead and grace our heart this morning. We have another special That was such a great service last night. Just thinking about the ascension and what that means. Just so precious. [Music] And the bride now walking in victory. See Jesus [Music] moving, doing things. There's no way she could do it on her own. Fully surrendered. Her heart is his mighty throne. Satan had a wicked plan. But what he could not comprehend what it means for us to [Music] realize the day has come for each of us to wake up and be who we are. Satan's kingdom will be overthrown. And the bride now walking in [Music] [Laughter] victory sees Jesus moving, doing amazing things. There's no way she could do it on her own. Fully surrendered. Her heart is his mighty [Music] throne. And as we wake up, Jesus, I can hear the moans of grief from Satan's kingdom. Think about it. He's scared of us. No. The cry of dismay is not from Jesus little bride. Satan knows that he's defeated because now his hands are tied. And the bride now walking in victory. Sees Jesus moving, doing amazing things. There's no way she could do it on her own. Fully surrendered. That's the key. Her heart is his mighty throne. [Music] Fully surrendered her heart. It has become his home. [Music] Amen. The bride is walking in victory, fully surrender. Our heart has become his throne. Praise the Lord. I woke up this morning with my mind on Jesus. Let's stand. Let's worship the Lord. Amen. And then we will have another special before we prepare to turn the service to the preacher this morning. [Music] I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Oh yes. I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh yes, I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Oh, I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on the Lord. Oh, and I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And yes, I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on the Lord. I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm singing. I'm singing and shouting with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm singing and shouting with my mind. Stay on the Lord. Oh, I'm sinking and shouting with my mind. Stay on Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a wonderful thing. What a wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ within. Sister Christine, you will come and give us your song. [Music] Oh, what a wonderful thing. Very wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ with him. To be adus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. Oh, what a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ within your with Jesus my Lord is a wonderful wonderful way. Oh what a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have price to be paid and draw with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. One more time. It's a wonderful thing. very wonderful thing to be free from sin and have died with him to be made and joined with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful one more time. Oh, wonderful thing to be free from sin and have cry with pain to be made and joy with Jesus the Lord. What a wonderful, wonderful day. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat. [Music] There's a peace I've come to know. Though my heart and flesh may fail, there's an anchor for my soul. I can say it is [Music] well. Jesus has [Music] overcome and the grave is [Music] overwhelmed. Victory is won. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when he calls my name. No more sorrow, no more pain I will rise. Neo wings before my God. Follow my knees and rise. I will rise. [Music] There's a day that's drawing near. When the darkness breaks to light and the shadows disappear and my faith shall be my eyes. [Music] Jesus has [Music] overcome and the grave is overwhelmed. Victory is one. He is risen from the dead. And I will rise when he calls my name. No more sorrow, no more pain. I will rise on eos wings before my God. Oh my knees and rise. I will [Laughter] [Music] rise. And I hear the voice of many angels sing. Worthy is the lamb. And I heard the cry of every longing heart. Worthy is the lamb. And I hear the voice of death. The angels sing. worthy lamb and I hear the cry your name belonging. You are worthy. You are worthy. [Music] And we will rest when he calls our names. No more sorrow, no more pain we will rise. Oh ne we before our God fall on our knees and rise. [Music] We will [Music] rise and I hear the voice of many angels sing. Worth the excellent lamb and I so worthy is the lamb. I have a voice of angels sing worthy. [Music] Let's give the Lord a hand of [Applause] [Music] praise. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's sing this hymn. I've heard the old old story how a savior came from glory and he gave his life on Calvary. Amen. [Music] Oh yes. And he won the victory. Oh yes. Oh victory in Jesus my savior. for heaven. Oh, he love me and he for me he gave me love. He loved me and I love he [Music] me that claims. I've heard that story. I've heard the whole [Music] story to see the fresh [Music] So I s victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he loved me with me. He love it. I knew. Oh, and all my love is to him. He washed me to sanctuary. I've heard about his healing. I've heard about his power. renewing how he made the lane to walk again and caused the blind to see Jesus you broke his spirit somehow Jesus came he brought to me that makes you real so I say thank you to it in Jesus my savior forever. He s me and he bought me with his redeeing love. He love me. I knew him and all my love is to [Music] him. I hear he have a manion. my head of my shirt. He has built for me in glory. I've the streets of gold beyond the crystal [Music] sea story. And some days I will sing of death the song of victory. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought me and he bought me with his reding blood. He loved me. I knew he and all my love is still in him. He flushed me to victory beneath the cleansing floor. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You know when I'm up here, you don't know what to expect. Amen. Amen. Just take it just as you see it. Hallelujah. Amen. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead, if it's in you this morning, it will quicken your mortal body. If it's in me this morning, it will quicken my mortal body. Let's sit there. I want to hear your hand clapping. Let's worship the Lord, people. [Music] Oh, the same spirit. I raise Christ [Music] from Christmas. Oh yeah, he will make it your body in the spirit for you. Oh, he will break your mask. Oh my is the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead dwell in you. If you call in me who give the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you who dwell in you will quicken your [Music] mother in you. Oh yeah. Your [Music] body Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Jesus on the inside working on the side. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside working on the Oh, what a change in my life. [Music] Oh, what a [Music] change my life. Oh yes, it's Jesus from the king of the house. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the gate side, working on the house. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside working on [Applause] the change in my life. And oh, what a what a mighty change. If the same spirit is the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead you give the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you in you. Oh yeah, he will break it. Your heart of [Music] God breaking you. Yes, he will break it [Music] your great word in you. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's worth it to be praised. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. What a promise. What a promise, Lord. Yes, Lord. Father, that you would quicken our mortal body. Hallelujah. Amen. What a promise. What a promise. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you. It is good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. And we want to once again greet each and every one of you. Those that were not here for our first greeting, we greet you. Those that were here, we give you a double greeting. You're welcome to the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I want to send a special greeting to my mother-in-law back there. Amen. My wife had a drive to church this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. After the message last night, worshiping God under a open heaven. Praise the Lord. All things are possible. Hallelujah. Amen. You love the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. we uh we would change the order of the service and and call the preacher and I I had this song that was going to be my special I was going to sing. I had a song that uh the kids and myself do, but I really I really didn't I was going to have Sam Chaser stay over to help me do that song. Uh but he had to go back and be on his post of duty this morning. And uh so let me see if uh uh praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we serve. Amen. [Music] I was the reason. I think I sent the words back there. One [Music] reason. Let's just do the chorus. [Music] One earthly reason. One earthly reason should be in the in the new songs we s as it come to my mind. And I sent [Music] it. Oh, I didn't send it again. [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay, it looks like this time is my fault again. Bl, what are you doing? I watch the [Music] reason what lovely reason. I was the guilty and he was the sound preer. I was the taker. He was the giver. set me free. Now one reason was me and I was the reason. I saw this morning. for every reason. I was the guilty. He was the sacri. Oh, and I was the taker. He was the [Music] giver dying while I go free. Thou won every reason was free. Let's sing that again. Yes, I was the reason that was the reason. I was the [Music] guilty. He was the sacriice. And I was the take. He was the [Music] keeping while I go free. Thou won every prison me. You believe there this morning? Amen. That you are the one earthly reason. Praise the Lord. Come on, brother. Yes, sir. He was the sacrifice. Oh, and I was the taker. He was the [Music] gy while I go free. every praise the Lord. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I'm a bit of a rowdy preacher. So, can I have a a few decibels because I like to hear myself. If I don't hear myself, I I will holler and uh by the time I'm half through the service, I have no voice. That's better. Praise the Lord. How many is happy to be in the house of the Lord this Easter? Amen. Once again, I would like to express my gratitude and special thank you to brother one and the church family for the way you've taken care of me. And uh sister one also praise the lord. I thoroughly appreciate each and every one of you. Your amens mean a lot. Amen. Your presence in the house of the Lord also means a lot. My prophet says each believer when they bring their liquifier constitutes a great big bowl of fire and together we are caught up in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And being that today is Easter Sunday and we are opening, praise the Lord, the journey to the rapture. Because Easter for some people is a commemoration. But to the bride, we are Easter. That's right. Because we raised with him in newness of life. Amen. Praise the Lord. Shall we bow our heads and pray? Great God of heaven. Father, we thank you for this season, Easter season. Lord, no doubt across the world, many people commemorate Easter. But yet, you gave us the true meaning and essence of Easter. Therefore, we are not celebrating Easter. We are Easter. Lord, we love you for you've quickened us from the dead. We rose with you in newness of life. And therefore, Father, all that Easter drama was meant for us to be reunited to our husband. Father, we thank you. We love you. We appreciate you. We pray may you anoint us especially for this hour so that we can remind each other of who we are. All that we are doing in preaching is making the believer get back to the memory of who they are because we bypassed our theophony and hence we lost the memory of who we are but the preaching of the gospel takes us back to what we were in the mind of God and for that we're truly grateful and we pray Lord for a special blessing upon this congregation. We thank you for the testimonies that have gone forth and one testimony leads to another testimony. May you build up more testimonies out of this sermon as we commit the service into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you and we love you and we bless your name. Amen and amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'd like to ask you to turn with me to your Bibles. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. There's uh three portions of scriptures that I would like to uh read with you. Amen. Uh 1 Timothy chapter 6, I believe verse number 12, the Bible says, "Fight the good fight of faith." Amen. As we realize from yesterday, Daniel was fighting the good fight of faith. when he needed God to intervene for him, it took 23 days because the heavens were blocked. But you on the other hand are worshiping in an open heaven. It just changes the dynamics of what you should do, how you should do it, what you should perceive, and how you should perceive it. Praise the Lord. Do you love the Lord? Amen. It's a special privilege to be called a son and daughter of God. I also would like to greet my wife who I'm traveling with this time which is a very rare occasion. So if you see me greeting her more than once, it's because it never happens that we travel together often in preaching. But vacations we do take but preaching I am working and sometimes I'm moody. I'm thinking of what I'm going to say before God's people. So, I'd like to afford a special greeting for accompanying me this time. Well, let's praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Praise the Lord. So, as I said, let's turn to First Timothy chapter 6, I think verse number 12. The scriptures writes, "Fight the good fight of faith. Lay a hold of eternal life where unto thou also called and has professed a good profession before many witnesses." That word profess is confess. Amen. Amen. So let's keep the fight because the scripture tells us fight the good fight of faith. Amen. Amen. And while we are on that part, we might as well also go to the book of Zephaniah chapter number two verse number five. Praise the Lord. The Bible says, "We unto the inhabitants of the sea coast, the nation of the Cherites, the word of the Lord is against you, oh Canaan, the land of the Philistines. I will even destroy thee that there shall be no inhabitant." May the Lord add blessings to the reading of his word. You may take the comfort of your seats. Brothers and sisters, allow me to introduce a little thought that I believe might be of benefit to the people of God. I'd like also to give a special greeting to our mom who so graciously bravely came to the house of the Lord ignoring the pain in her body saying I must needs go to the house of the Lord. Let's give her a round of applause and appreciate her for that. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now the scripture I've read from the book of Zephaniah refers to a particular brand of people called the Gerites. And these people have been told by the word of God that the word of the Lord is against you. In other words, God is literally saying, you have no part with me and there is not much I can do with you. Amen. You are a people that are just meant and ordained for destruction. Praise the Lord. Now that's a very very precarious position to find yourself that God literally declares that I'm against you. That is quite a scary notion don't you think? Allow me also to co combine this scripture so that I can bring in the text before I announce my title. Praise the Lord. Let's go to Colossians chapter 2 verse 8-15. Beware, lest any man spoil you through vain philosophy and vain deceit, after the tradition of men, after the rad of the world, and not after Christ. For in him dwelleth all the fullness of the godheaded bodily, and ye are complete in him, which is the head of all principality and power, in whom also you are circumcised with the circumcision, made without hands, in putting off the body of the sin of flesh by the circumcision of Christ, buried with him in baptism, wherein also you are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God who hath raised him from the dead. That is why we say we are the true Easter. And you being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh hath he quickened together with him having forgiven you all trespasses. Verse number 14, blotting out the handwriting of ordinance that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to the cross. Amen. Here is a people that I've just read, who the Bible says, who unto you charites, the word of the Lord is against you. In other words, there was an ordinance written against the Gerotites. But when Calvary comes, if there is a blot, a word against you, Calvary comes to eradicate or delete or give you a chance. The Charites are the Gentiles. These are of the region of the Philistines. And these people had no inheritance with God. And God actually spoke to them and told them that you people of the coastal, I'm against you. Praise the Lord. These people were supposed to be worried because when the word of the Lord is against you, there is no hope. Amen. If there is an ordinance against you, there is no hope. Amen. And here we find in the Colossians there is a people who the Bible says blotting out the handwriting of ordinance which was against us which was contrary to us and took it out of the way nailing it to the cross. In other words, brothers and sisters, if you found yourself in a position where your tribe, your generations in the past, who you are, what you are, where you come from, you are a people under a serious curse, and there is no chance with you. I've got news for you this Easter. There is someone who able to take all the ordinances against you and nail them to the cross. Somebody say amen to that. No matter what you are, what the word once said about you, remember we were Gentiles. We were not even supposed to be seen in the house of the Lord. If ever we found ourselves in the house of the Lord, we had a special section that we were not meant to sit. Praise the Lord. There was no access to the ordinances, to the grace, to the heritage of God. We were a people who were deemed unclean until when God spoke to Peter to say, "Praise the Lord, I've decided to go to the people I had ordinances against." Peter was given a vision. And in that vision, there were a lot of unclean birds and unclean animals. Says, "Lord," the vision said, "Arise, kill, and eat." And Peter protested. He said, "Lord, you know me. I've never eaten any unclean thing. Brother, sister, you might have been unclean before, but when God chose to show his power and his grace through Calvary, he will blot every ordinance against you. Believers this, if you can believe it, you can say amen. Now, we see Paul now who is a Jew of the Jews of the tribe of Benjamin, and he understood the ordinances of God against the Gentiles. Yet God called him to be the first apostle and prophet to the Gentiles. Now he has to tell them that forget about what was written about you. You are now a special people. Your sins which were so many and all the the the handwriting of ordinances against you. They were taken and nailed to the cross. In other words, Easter came to eradicate all your unworthiness and all whatever it is that was in your life that made you unqualified to be called a child of God. So here we find the people of the Cherites. These are the origins of the Philistines and Zephaniah speaks to them. Now Zephaniah is one of the last books before we get to the New Testament. And the Bible says, "Who unto you, oh Cherites?" You are a people that I'm against. If the Bible says the word of the Lord is against you, it means there is no chance. After that, brothers and sisters, we then have uh uh Zechariah, Malachi in the New Testament. The New Testament brings Christ and Christ brings a new hope and a new dawn to the believers. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, he says Christianity is by revelation. If you feel it in your heart that it is me he died for definitely it is you. You can never feel that way unless there is something that's connecting from your soul that's tied up to his origin. Amen. Praise the Lord. So allow me to read the scripture verse 14 as I just come to uh where I want you to see. Praise the Lord. blotting out the handwriting of the ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us, and took it out of the way, nailing it to the cross. And having spoiled principalities and powers, he made a he made a shoe of them, openly triumphing over them. Verse number 15 is now showing that apart from writing the ordinances the sorry blotting the ordinance that were written against you on Calvary, he then rose up which is the ascension that we dealt with yesterday. And when he rose up he spoiled principalities which means now we can all we can clearly worship under an open heaven. In other words, he's presented equal opportunities. Praise the Lord. So out of these scriptures, allow me brothers and sisters to preach about from warriors to warriors. Praise the Lord. If there was something that was blotted out of your life, praise the Lord, you have no need to be worried. But if that handwriting of ordinance still exists, you must be worried. Now look at what the Cherites were. They were supposed to be a people worried because the word of the Lord was against them. But how do you see these people navigate life? These people were the direct enemies of King David. But when they saw the revelation of the anointing on David, they chose to switch camp. They chose to fight fellow Philistines in in cohorts with David. They became the mercenaries, the people that David relied upon. even when his own son betrayed him and was against him. Brothers, it goes to show that that was a type of a gentile believer in the end time being accepted against their origin. You might have been the child of a previous murderer. But brother, sister, when you come under grace, if there was an ordinance written against you, God can get rid of that ordinance. Somebody say amen to that. How is it that David could rely and solemnly trust on the charites? A people that the Bible says the word of the Lord is against you. A people who were the direct descendants of Goliath of Gath. Brother, when God converts your soul, he turns you around completely. Brother, if that could happen before Calvary, how much more now with Calvary? Before Calvary, people were converted. It the Gatite. The Gatites are of the origin of Goliath. The Geratites are of the origin of Goliath. But when God changed their heart, he so transformed them that they never were caught up in wanting to a avenge or revenge what had happened to their cousin Goliath. How many here can switch camp from witchcraft to Christianity? From evil spirits to serving God profoundly from a past that has written ordinances. A generational case and spirits that you struggle with to become such a complete believer that you are not identified with the things that you could have had written ordinances against. God can so transform you from a warrior to a warrior. And these terites became the warriors of David. You will find that in first kings chapter 1 to verse 44. They became the people that defended David when it mattered. Brother, there comes a time when the revelation of Christianity is so much upon your heart and you understand the essence of Easter that no matter what comes or goes, you will uphold the vision of Christ for the end time. It don't matter what comes or goes. It don't matter what challenges or doesn't challenge. You will say, "As for me, I am a Christian." Praise the Lord. You become a solid Christian by revelation. Somebody say amen to that. How many believe that whatever has been written against you is out of your life. How many believe that the things that God has forgiven you, they are completely in the sea of God's forgetfulness. And how many after believing that God can forgive you can go to the next stage to say you know what we are worshiping under an open heaven. When we pray he hears direct. There is no delay like there was a delay in the days of Daniel. God is on the main line. God can still answer prayer. God can still do the exceeding abundant above what you ask, pray or think. God can take you from a warrior to a warrior. Somebody say amen to that. Allow me to define the charites. Praise the Lord. Next slide. The charotites are executioners. That was a group of foreign mercenary soldiers serving as bodyguards to King David. How is it that these people who were the complete opposite became the bodyguards to protect David? They were protecting the anointing against their own tribe. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. They were the executioners. These were serious warriors that only David could rely on. He couldn't even trust his own fellow brothers because if the brothers were not converted, they were not dependable. But he had to trust an alien people who had a written ordinance against them. And the Bible had done declared that I'm against you. But those were the bodyguards of David. How many in here say, "I don't care where I've come from, how I have been, the shade of my color. I'm going to be the protector of the message of the hour. My life is going to resemble what the message is. I'm a true representation of what it is to be an end time believer. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. You can see there that this message can transcend race, color, shade, whatever it is, background, it can unite a people under one banner. If David could rely on an enemy to become his bodyguard, it means all barriers had to be overcome. Brothers and sisters, I give you to understand there is power in the gospel even now because now we are post Calvary. Not only are we post Calvary, we are post the prophet. Not only are we post the prophet, we are post the opening of the seals. Which means brothers and sisters when we now say we can see clearly we can see clearly the revelation of the message brother it becomes such a reality you only limited to your faith that's why the scripture I've read for you says fight the good fight of faith in other words don't worry be a warrior so therefore my title is from warriors to warriors whatever it is that's bugging you that thing that keeps you up at night, you've got power over it. Stop worrying about it, but fight it because you've got the ability to fight the good fight of faith. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. We have another a a team of of people. These were the people that David used, cherites and pelletites. You will find one of the scripture says, "And Beniah was over the cherites and the pelletites." These were also the corers which means they were fast on their feet. They could run and deliver news quick. Praise the Lord. Brother, there comes a time when you find your own relevance in the body of Christ because God is not replicating your personality. He needs you for the job ahead. Your smile is the one that will bring the next believer. Your tone of language, how you speak, how you present yourself. You might be the corer that will take the good news to the next person. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Now let me define also what a warrior is. Praise the Lord. A warrior is a if you describe someone as a warrior, you mean that they spend a lot of time thinking about problems that they have or unpleasant things that might happen. That's why my title is from warriors to warriors. If you find yourself most of the time thinking and spending a lot of time thinking about your problems or the unpleasant things that you might have happened or will happen, you are a warrior. And I want you tonight because of Easter and an open heaven to transform from a warrior to a warrior. What is a warrior? A warrior is a fighter or a soldier especially one in former times who was of very brave and experienced in fighting. So Paul knowing we Gentiles he comes on the scene and he says fight the good fight of faith. In other words brothers and sisters you can never be in a fight of faith until first you identify yourself as a warrior. Which means you must move from worrying to worrying. All the prayer requests that mostly most people give are are mo mostly defining how worried you are. You have a mandate and your mandate is fight the good fight of faith. That thing that worries you is a cause for you to challenge it. You tell that old man devil that I'm not going to lose sleep over this matter because I'm a child of God. Somebody say amen to that. I'm not a warrior. I'm a warrior. Now you know as as as as Daniel was fighting the good fight of faith under a blocked heaven. The heavens were blocked. Michael the archangel had to come down and speak to Daniel said, "I'm so sorry, my brother. It took me 23 days to overcome the prince of Persia to come to your rescue. And now that I'm here after a thorough breakthrough, I will also need assistance to go up because when Michael opened, it still closed. He still had to have power again to go back because it was a blocked heaven. But you have angels ascending and descending. There is power invested in your success to move you from worrying to worrying. Oh, it looks like you are getting it. How many say I'm not a I'm not a a a worrier. I'm not a worrier. Watch the fellowship around believers. They will tell you, you know, when when most of your time is spent on what is wrong, it means you are warriors. But if most of your time is spend on what is right, Easter is right. There is an open heaven. You become a warrior. How many want to move from warrior to warrior? Do do I have any believer that says, you know what, pastor, I ain't going to worry no more because what a friend we have in Jesus. Now I can speak and things happen in my life. Every ordinance against me I count it down because I am a child of God. Brother, if someone could have the confidence of standing for David, yet they know that their tribes were contrary one to another, it means, brothers and sisters, God can so transform you. Praise the Lord. That your background is of no essence. Praise the Lord. What you've been through cannot define who you are. You stop worrying. You let the blood prevail in your life. You let God have his way. Praise the Lord. In your entire life, you become a warrior. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. Allow me brothers and sisters to introduce this quotation from the message expectations. It says, "God bless you while we pray." Listen to the prophet's prayer. Our heavenly father, our hearts yen tonight, when we think of the great experiences that thou has given to us. Someday when life is over, when we meet those dear beloved people who have been such great faith warriors, trusted and believed in you. Oh God, may you set us down around the throne of God where all the evergreen trees where all the sea of life is blowing there. Sat down and talk together year after year while eternity rolls. See all those who've been fried in the furnaces of fire through in thrown throw into the lion's den. Paul and Silas in the Philippian jail. Those who led by the spirit down through the ages even this last closing age when the great robe of the church has been throwed around us. Oh father, how we thank thee. Speak to every heart here tonight and may there be no feeble among us. May there be a gallant patriotic faith to stand forth upon God's promise which is infalluable. It has to come to pass. You promised Abraham, he believed it. You are leading us today by your spirit. Now what's the order of the way the prophet prays? Look at how we pray. Most of our prayers, Lord help us the devil. Oh God help us the devil. Oh God help us. Satan, Satan, no we are glorifying the devil by that. Watch the prophet's prayer. He says, "Lord, remind us of the gallant soldiers, the people that were thrown in the fairy fence." In other words, if those people overcame under the days of bulls and goats, we who are post Calvary, we can also overcome. This is the prayer of a gallant warrior. In other words, gallantry will always want to associate with gallantry. Amen. Praise the Lord. Don't pray, "Who is me? Look at me now. I'm dying. Who is me?" Don't speak like that. You are speaking like a warrior, brother. You speak like a warrior. A warrior says, "Oh God, in the days gone by, you remembered Abraham, he was able to take his life and be a part of every promise that you gave." Brother, sister, let me tell you, every one of us has an example of how warriors of faith were in the Bible. Hence, Paul coming on the scene says, "Praise the Lord, fight the good fight of faith." In other words, whatever you're going through, it's up for you to fight. You can fight against it because you've been already ordained to be an overcomer in this generation where 200 million devils were released. Some people can never stand the heat of this hour. But you can. Why? Because God already ordained you to be a warrior in this day and in this hour. Oh, someone say amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. There is more victory in your sight than you can ever imagine. Quit worrying. Praise the Lord. Put on a praise garment and say to yourself, I will never worry for nothing. That's why Paul speaking to the believers says, "Be careful for nothing." Praise the Lord. Because your master, Amen, the one, the true essence of Easter, he rose with you. Praise the Lord. and he spoiled principalities. And let me tell you brothers and sisters, my prophet says, hallelujah, Easter is God's receipt for a finished work. Somebody say amen to that. If you are celebrating Easter, let me tell you one thing. You have a receipt that there is power that can go beyond the grave. There is power that can make every promise come to pass. There is power that can resurrect every dead situation. There is power that can resurrect every relationship. There is power that can transform your life. There is power that can change you completely. There is power that can bring victory to your life. Somebody say amen. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise the Lord. Listen to this now. Jesus in the boat quickly now just a few minutes crossing this area. I can just imagine how that was. He preached all day and that night a big storm come up on the sea and liked to sink to have sunk that little boat. Now watch this. Weary, weary and tired but never afraid. That should be the order and how we position ourselves in as Christians. Yes, you might be a little bit tired here and there. You might be a little bit worn out, but there is a deep settled faith within you. You are never afraid, right? You're not afraid for the future. You see, I gave the definition of warriors. Warriors, these are the people that just out of a dream, they wake up thinking, "What if the worst happens? What if the worst happens? You look at your husband by your side. If you wake up, sorry sisters, but praise the Lord. Mostly sisters wake up before brothers. You get to, you look at your husband snoring by the said, "If he dies, what am I going to do with all these children, you are a warrior, but if you are a warrior, you don't think like that." Look at Jesus in the boat. We the boats rocking. The devil has determined that I'm going to drown every one of them. And brother, those storms still rage. Praise the Lord. Trying to drown the whole church or drown every believer. But let me tell you, there's no chance he can ever do it as long as we stand on our post of duty and believe the way we believe. So we can be weary but never afraid. Somebody touch your neighbor and tell them weary but never afraid. Don't let fear be in your system. There should be a deep settled peace. Something that says to you all is well. You could have left a dead baby at a home like that mother in the Bible. Praise the Lord. And the baby was a baby that was born out of a testimony. That baby died. People gathered. But says, "Let me go back to the prophet." And as the prophet was seeing her coming from a distance, she asked, "Is all well? Why didn't she start to speak like we? Oh, it's not well, my child. I never asked for this baby. She had [Music] died no no no no no no. Have you ever been to an African funeral? Those ones are very dramatic. You You see people crying from a distance. This lady, praise the Lord, having left a dead baby, her only child, was asked, "Is all well?" What was the answer? That's supposed to be the answer of the bride. All is well. Weary but never afraid. It don't matter what comes your way because God done measured you and God knows he won't tempt you above what you can bear. So you can be weary but never afraid. He's always in control. He's always in position. He'll always make a way. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. So he says here Jesus weary and tired but never afraid. I like that Jesus didn't have to go out and fast all day and pray all day and then say now I wonder if I've got faith enough to do this. He was unconscious of the faith that he had. Any man or woman that ever make real warriors in the kingdom of God is perfectly unconscious of their faith. How many can see what the prophet is alluding to when Paul says fight the good fight of faith. Praise the Lord. He was saying there should be a residual resilience in the believer that no matter how they've prayed or unpaid, no matter what condition you fight them, they are always ready. They will never be defeated because in them is the power of the Holy Ghost. Weary, tired but never afraid. And watch how the prophet is making this comment is making after saying look at Jesus in the boat with the waves going around. Weary tired but never afraid. That should be what we are. No matter what comes, no matter what happens, no matter what challenge, there should always be a re re a an established peace that that settled deep within. Praise the Lord. Next slide, my sister. says, "You keep trying to test your faith. Wonder if I've got faith enough to do this. Have I got?" Don't test your faith. God said so. Do it anyhow. Praise the Lord. Imagine if you go now after we preached last night and said we are opening, we are worshiping an open heaven. I want to see whether the heavens are open. Lord, can you really hear me? When you have the revelation of knowing what program you are under, you do not worry at all. Somebody say amen to that. Says go ahead and do so. Have you ever tested your faith whether you had enough faith to come to the meeting or not tonight? Did you test your faith to see if you had enough faith to eat your supper tonight? Have you tested? Do you do you think you'll have to fast a while and test your faith to see if you've got enough faith to drive your car home? What is the prophet trying to tell us? That you see, we're supposed to be operating on autopilot. When a plane is on autopilot, the pilot actually leaves the the front can go and make some knowing that the plane is going. It's only one that is h turbulences or unpleasant weather that he comes and he makes an announcement says right we're going through a bumpy time put on your seat belts it's going to be a bumpy ride but don't worry isn't it the same with Jesus being in the boat says we retired but never afraid how many prayed for the pilot as they were flying to whichever place they were flying in America say almighty God in the name of Jesus as the pilot takes on let it be almighty God that he remembers everything he was trained in pilot school and he must know how to lend it. Almighty God, I plead your blood as he rises up. Father, no. Something in you tells you United Airlines have enough qualified personnel to make sure the flight goes. All you pray for is Jenny Merces and then you get onto the flight, you put on your seat belts and you sleep. You do sleep. I sleep before it even hits 38 ft. And I don't sleep thinking that I might end up in the Hudson River or in the Mississippi. No, I sleep knowing I shall get to my destination because something in me tells me you can fly and come back. When brother when brother Juan said, "Brother Crosby, would you like to uh would would it be okay when you come to the states to come preach for us?" I don't suppose he prayed for the pilot that was going to ferry me to come to bring Did you pray for the pilot? But he knew you've got to trust in the instruments. Amen. Praise the Lord. But if it was an a a situation where brothers and sisters, everything that we ever do, we've got to vigorously pray to see whether the thing works. What type of a life would be having right now? A lot of you will be pleading the blood say Lord please make the microphone work. It works because there is batteries and electricity. The mechanics of it work. How is it that the mechanics of a human being do not work when when when when they go towards their thinking. That's why the Bible says as a man thinkketh in his heart so is he. If you think thoughts of fear, you are a not a warrior. You are a you are a right now. Someone is worried about what shall happen on Tuesday. Yet the Bible says don't think about tomorrow. Tomorrow will take care of itself. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. And brother Bam goes on to say Jesus being in the boat tired and weary but never afraid. Can we be that type of a Christian that is reassured that Calvary means their victory is eminent any time because we are under an open heaven. Praise the Lord. Amen. Says, "Do you think you'll have to test a while and test your faith to see if you've got enough faith to drive your car home?" The prophet says, "Suddenly not. It's just automatically you believe it." And that's the way you believe healing. Believe anything God said. Now, here's the challenge we have. Just don't fight at it. and shake it and rebuke the devil every minute. Most of the time you are rebuking the devil say I wasn't even there. Praise the Lord. Now I'm I'm from Africa and I know how Africans be on about rebuking the devil. You rebuke him so much that you almost light yourself that you are spiritual because of your m sweating and rebuking the devil. Yet underneath there is no faith at all. Brother, Christianity is supposed to be rest. Resting in a finished work. Resting in knowing the promises of God. Resting in knowing what you've been ordained for. Praise the Lord. And the prophet says here, don't fight at it. Imagine if my wife woke up this morning, Lord, in Jesus name, let this man by my side, wake up loving me. No, I love her. She's my wife. I marry day. That's what you do when you marry someone. You love them. Period. Although, of course, now and again, sisters want to be told every now and again that I love you, I love you, so that they know you haven't changed your mind. But to her, it's settled. I'm not thinking that next year if I don't pray and send enough prayers this year, next year I'll backslide. No, next year I'll be if you invite me, I'll be here again. It's because Christianity is not an act. It's a life. It's who I am. Praise the Lord. Remember when brother used to say, "I'm an American. I'm identified with America. I'm an American through and through." says, "I was there with George Washington when he crossed the river Delaware. I was there with Stone Jackson." Amen. Stone Jackson is from the south. George Washington was from the north. But in other words, he's saying, "I identify with everything American, the North and the South. I'm an American." So even if he changed his citizenship, he knew I'm an American. That's who he was. Brother, we are Christians. I'm reminded of a testimony of a little girl. There was a brother called or there is a brother called Gary Walker. He was involved in an accident where he flatlined about three four times. But when he flatlined most of the time the paramedics would come around him. The daughter who was a 12year-old girl back that time the father was coming from preaching says don't worry dad is going to be okay because we are Christians. Once in a while you'll also say don't worry it's going to be all right because we are Christians brother when you identify with Calvary it don't matter what is against you you can tell the devil I'm going to be all right because I'm a Christian Christians operate by faith that's why it says fight the good fight of faith in other words don't let anything come in between your survival and faith and your common sense. So that's why the Bible says them that observe lying vanities. They forsake their own mercy. In other words, there is stuff that happens around you, all that stuff is meant to do is make you drop your faith. But because you are a warrior, you will tell the devil, "I ain't a quitter and I ain't quitting. I'm going to overcome anyhow." Praise the Lord. Don't shake at it. Don't rebuke it. And don't rebuke the devil every time. Amen. It's a deep settled thing. The sure the assurance of Easter is so powerful that you know when we talk about the rapture, you will make it. How many ever prayed to say, "Lord, help me make it for the rapture. Now, let me tell you, if you are raised with Christ in newness of life, you've begun the process of the rapture. If God gave you and you heed to the message, you are in the rapture already. At best, you might take yourself out, but as far as God's concerned, you are in the rapture. Because it constitutes three things. The voice, the shout, the trump. Somebody say amen to that. Can we go to the next slide, my sister? Just accept it and go on. Imagine this issue of accepting your salvation and what Christ has done for you or the credentials of redemption through the blood of Jesus Christ. It's so paramount in the life of our Christian walk that you don't have to stew and fight at it. You just accept it. I woke up this morning, I never thought that I could be a child of the devil. I just woke up knowing I'm a child of God. Praise the Lord. My origin is not in question. I come from God. I go back to God. That's why I find myself in the message. I belong in the message. You can't kick me out. I'm in the message. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. There was a story of a young man called meth. This young man happened to be Jonathan's uh son or Saul's grandson. Praise the Lord. And David realizing that God has elevated him and given him the throne. He thought to himself, "Is there anyone from the house of Saul that I might bless them for Jonathan's sake?" And he calls this young man. finds out that there is a young man who is hiding. He's right there in a place called Loa. This young man is lame at the feet because the nest dropped him when they were running away. Says go for him. Brothers and sisters, this young man thought he was hiding in the safety of a very low place. And when the army arrived to take him to the to the position where he belonged, that young man had an identity crisis whenever the says he will eat at my table. In his mind, he thought that David has come to eradicate all of Saul's seed. So as they sat at the king's table to eat the plate that was pulled in front of him, he says, "Oh, you know what? No, I I I don't have an appetite." until David had to take the plate that was put right in front of him and eat to show him that there is no poison in there. That's how some believers position themselves. God is not here to threaten you. He wants you to enjoy the benefits of Calvary. That's why we are here as Christians rejoicing over Easter. You'd often wonder why those examples were thrown in and thrown in and thrown in. is so that we can now pick up our heritage by identity and know who we are. And when we do that, Christianity is not a challenge. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. Praise the Lord. How many say I want to accept what God made me? There is nothing to be alarmed about. Some people believe in their dreams more than they believe the scriptures. If you have a nightmare, say, "Oh my god, I dreamt this and I dreamt this." That's immaterial. If the nightmare or if the dream is working against your faith, just trash it in the trash can. Tell that devil you are a liar. I'm a believer. Greater is he that is in me than he that's in the world. You don't get influenced by dreams. You believe the true essence of Easter. Amen. Amen. There's nothing to be alarmed about. God said so and that settles it. So, we just go ahead knowing it's going to happen. Praise the Lord. You see, when God speaks to you and gives you a desire, that desire is far more powerful than your body and any sickness that can come on your body. God revealed to Samuel, sorry, to to to uh uh Simeon that you shall not see death until you see the Lord's Christ. Co came, he couldn't die. Cancer came, he couldn't die. Everything that came is the power of the desire to see the Lord's Christ. That was the covering for the health of Simeon. Brother, no matter how old sister how old you are, if you have a desire that is far greater and unattainable until it has to take God to protect you to fulfill that desire, you are safe. You are safe under your desire. Your desire keeps you safe even from death. There was a sister called Sister Shepherd. She so believed that whenever Brother Brham prays for you, she will never die. until when the time to die came, they had to send a wrong name to the prophet because she believed no matter how unwell I am, just tell brother Brham that I need prayer. Every time they told Brother Brham, no matter how uncomfortable a condition she found herself, God always found a way of bringing her out. That's the power of this message, the desire of our sister. It don't matter how far-fetched it looked. It don't matter how ridiculous it sounds. And most of you are worried about your age. Think you know what? Because I'm old. How old are you compared to Methusela? Let's put your age in perspective. You are 80. What? You are a child at 80 something. The only reason you feel you are old is because you're looking at us children. But as far as God's concerned, your soul ain't old. There is no age to your soul. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So you believe it, and you know that it's going to happen. God said it, that proves it. I believe it. That settles it. That's all you have to do for your healing. You just have to accept it as you are sitting right there. Most of you are sitting there. None is ever praying that the chair the chair holds them firm. You are all content in knowing that that chair is not going to crumble on you. Some are even sleeping on that chair. You are having faith that that chair will sustain your body. How about have faith that if God said, "I'm here to heal you. I'm the Lord who heals all your diseases." He can perform an operation and not leave his car. Somebody say amen to that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Allow me again to go to what it takes to overcome all unbelief. Brother says he right after that or before that previous to that he gave the great the 11th chapter of Hebrews which gives the heroes of faith by faith Moses by faith Abraham by faith Enoch by faith Noah all the great heroes of faith them saying seeing that we are compassed about with so with such a great cloud of witness let us lay aside every weight and the sin Sin. Sin. That's the unbelief that don't so easily beset us. Here we are tonight right in the shadows of the coming of the son of God. And yet we find the church in an in anemic condition. We ought to be great. This is what we ought to be. Great, strong, mighty warriors of faith that would shake a nation. God give it to God give it to us. We will just receive it. How many believe that God can take you from warriors to great warriors? Great warriors that can shake a nation. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Brother, the true essence of Easter, it's take us from being wimps to being brave. I'm told the American uh uh anthem has a a phrases, the land of the brave. When I look at brother one and what he has survived in all the wars from a Liberia and Ivory Coast, I see a man better than I am because I've never been through that. So when I look at him, I look with admiration to say, I don't know whether I would have managed. So he becomes a witness of great faith. Brother, sister, I would sit under his ministry any year, any time. a man that has seen bullets. The only time I've seen bullets was on TV or read about news on CNN, but anyone who survived something as atrocious as a war, something in them could never let go. Something in them when others walk for miles and miles, others says, "You know what? I can't go no further." But they still walked and survived. Now if you survive such great things, then you can't survive life in America with sugar and syrup in America. It takes faith to live a Christian life. Hence, Paul says, "Fight the good fight of faith." When I look at our sister over there, I don't know how many things she has survived in America. America America has got serial killers. It's got people with guns, hunters. Your neighbor could be just having a whole array of guns, but you've survived up to all these years. What's kept you? What's kept you? The Lord. So, if he's kept you this far, he's going to keep on keeping on. Somebody say amen to that. We ought to be great, strong, mighty warriors of faith. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Now allow me to go into discernment. Brother Abraham, in this discernment, listen to this. What do you think, lady? You got bow trouble, haven't you? Yes. You are sitting there looking at me. Yes. The lady sitting next to the man bow trouble. You are sitting there thinking what if you will turn and say something to me. I'm not reading your mind. You know that. But that's the truth, isn't it? If it is, raise your hand. I never seen you in my life. You are a stranger. But you have your faith makes you whole. Watch in discernment. Never said no. Let me give you the faith. Your faith makes you whole. This is in descentment. Praise the Lord. Why was that Bible trouble? Why did I say that? Ah, because this man standing here also has the same thing. Brother in discernment sees a sister bow trouble and then he sees a brother bow trouble. The same thing. Raise it up my sister. is the devil calling for help. Now, that shows me, brothers and sisters, that if you tolerate one spirit, that spirit will bring other people to the same spirit. So you'll find wherever you are, if there is a sickness or a challenge that you have, you have a mandate before God to make sure that that sickness is out of this church because no sooner than you know it, it will invite other people. They'll sit right next to each other without each one telling the other what problem you have, you'll find yourself all congregating with the same issue. But once you identify these tricks that the prophet tells us, you become a good fighter of faith. Praise the Lord. I remember there was a time in our church, there came somebody from my country, Zimbabwe, where I originate from. This man was 40, diagnosed with cancer. Cancer of the bowel. Praise the Lord. And that cancer was had come to its fourth stage. This man was dying. They brought him up to pray in our church. We prayed for the man and uh uh they took him back to a hospital and in the hospital he was in a wad and next to him was another man from my country, same age. They grew up in the same neighborhood, same cancer. What are the chances that in a foreign land you find two people same age, same location with cancer, same place? I said to the brothers that were there, these are spirits trying to call each other for reinforcements. So we better go and reinforce our brother with prayer every visiting hour so that you see that spirit when it comes it kills the one that it has come to reinforce so that it will shake you say so this is what I'm going to do I'm going to die like they died that's why many times when we have challenges even where people congregate you find people with the same challenge and then the other person that's not that doesn't have the good fight of faith they die best to shake everyone else. This is what's going to happen to us. The devil is a liar. Whenever a challenge comes into the house of God, we have the right to challenge it back. So this we don't tolerate. So brother now is diagnosing through discernment. Says it's the devil calling for help. That's right. You have a kitius in the colon. That's true. You are very nervous also, aren't you? Very nervous. And and that you've always been a warrior. Do you see why you ought to fight the good fight of faith and not always be a warrior? A thinker, a deep thinker. Let me tell you something. You have a gallant thing. Gallant thing about that you are a gallant thing that you are looking for. At least there was one attribute in this person. Do you know the dangers of being a deep thinker? You overprocess. You read into things that are not there. You are always connecting dots that are not even there. You are always reading in between the lines that are not even there. You are reading in between the lines of a blank piece of paper. Pastor said this because I think he's trying to deal with this. then you are now a deep thinker. Now what happens when you become a deep thinker? You start to release in your body some hormones that become toxins and these things start to act on your body on your physiology but they were ignited by your thoughts. Now we have to preach this more than ever to this generation of social media. Some people struggle and worry for a thumbs up on social media. You post a picture just so someone can say thumbs up and you are reading and seeing who's seen your post and if they didn't comment then you wonder so they saw my post why didn't they comment? It's the devil's device to keep you worried until you lose identity of the true essence of who you are. watch. But you've got something gallantry about you above everything in the world. You want to be born again and receive the Holy Ghost. That's right. You may receive it. Go. And the peace of God be upon you. There was no pomp and fair and shouting and climbing says you may receive it as simple as he say because to brother the processing of Christianity praise the lord it's us who want to be able to satisfy our flesh by saying children you ought to have been there when he turned me he picked me up he turned me you want your experience to be visible to people but yet God wants to operate in the simplicity of the faith faith that he has put within you because he he is not looking for believers. He already ordained you from the foundation of the world to be a child of God. He already put something down inside of you that identifies with the word and receives it as it should be received. Hey, praise the Lord. Somebody say amen to that. Listen to this. you may go and receive it. And then goes on in one descendment. Look at the people that are around him. And the little lady sitting up there when this lady was healed with bow trouble sitting right back there. The second one in the row, she had the same thing. Ah, how many now? One. It was a lady first, then the man next, then the next. In the same place, she has the same thing. She was also healed. So if God delivers one out of a matter, it means the rest can be delivered out of the same matter. That's right, little lady with the purple dress on. Is that right? Raise up your hand. That is true. Yes, ma'am. That is true. All right. Lay your hand on the man next to you because he has trouble with his back. He's sitting there wanting to be healed. He has back trouble. Is that right, sir? Isn't it? Raise your hand if that's right. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ lives and reigns. He never fails. He is the same yesterday, today, and forever. His love omni potent his blessings. You believe? Now, the reason I read these descendants is for rule. You see, I'm an unequivocal message believer to the extent that if there is someone with back trouble, whatever trouble, if I read it in the descendment, because the prophet is not yet to desend us, but the word still exists, if it's Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever, you can receive your healing if you are unwell as we preach right now. Because we putting over the quotations over your life. I've had debates with people that says, you know, some of these goats, they are for the people that were there. Now, what about me? I was not there. Even when Peter was told, receive your blessing. I was not there in the Bible. I was not there in Jeffersonville. I was not there when there is discernment. But brother, sister, because this is the program of God. If it's by faith, oh brother, I'm identified. If I see something in the message that's in line with what I'm suffering with and that the healing is declared, I also believe that I'm healed. Praise the Lord. Let's go. Listen to this. Christ is our hope. Now listen to this very carefully. Our hope is in God. Now everyone, Reverend I want everyone to be aware that there is things that I speak that I speak in not myself. That's not my voice. It's my voice but not me using it. I go into another place and see what's materializing in front of me and the people move away and at this time cannot tell you what was wrong with the person I just prayed for. I just seen a vision and I just have to speak it as it comes to me and then the person witnesses after it leaves me that it's right or wrong. All right. Bring the patient and everybody real reverend. How do you do sir? Perceive of course by your dress by your dress that you are a minister. Would you come just a little closer? Sir, our Christ is wonderful. Isn't he brother? I see you are quite a believer. Yes sir, I do. Say you have a ministry of praying for the sick yourself. You pray for the sick don't you? You write much literature and stuff on the same don't you? You come from Canada don't you? That's right. You are suffering with something wrong in your bowels. I say it's cancer of the bowels. It's what it is. It's got ulcerated. It's begin to start causing you much trouble. Isn't that true my brother? Let me have your hand. Merciful God, I hold, listen to the prayer. I hold in my hand the hand that pen the words that bring relief to the suffering. Watch Brother Brown's prayer point. He takes the hand of the minister. Come here, brother one, just for a little demonstration. He's praying for the man based on the fight that he fights. Says, I hold the hands that pens the word that bring relief unto the suffering. Because Babra had already descend that you write trackcts. And he says Satan is trying to destroy this warrior. Which means in the sickness the prophet already identified that he's not a warrior, he's a warrior. And then he says here, but thou art here to heal him, almighty God, author of life, give of every good gift. Send thy blessing upon my brother, as I speak in thy name. And God, if thy servant has found favor in your sight, spare his life, my brother, spare the life of my brother, brother, which means every effort that you do for the kingdom of God in waring the good fight of faith, when it comes to a critical point, God remembers it. I call those stuff benefits. Stuff benefits are the things that happened to you because of what you represent. If you know a man called Peter in the Bible, Peter was a servant of the Lord. His mother-in-law was not well. And when he prayed, she got well. Why? He knew that I don't need a funeral in my home at this point in time. And God honored it. I remember when I was flying out to Africa, I left my sister in a very precarious position. I went and prayed at the hospital. I said, "Lord, people that work in the banks, they have what is called staff benefits. They don't get the same interest rate that you get when they get a loan. They have what is called staff benefit. I am your servant. This is my sister. Lord, can I have a staff benefit? A staff benefit is when God goes beyond the normal call of duty because of being a warrior. Are you getting it, sister? One, you call it stuff benefits. If you work in a place that makes candy, well, if candy might be $10, you will get it for something like $4 cuz you're a member of the staff. We call that stuff benefits. Brother, sister, when you apply the token on people that you love because you are a believer, you can stand on their behalf and have the faith executed for their lives as a staff benefit. How many is ready for some staff benefits? All the things that you're worried about, I've come, praise the Lord, in the name of Jesus, with my own my own faith to put to your own faith. And my faith is saying, "These signs shall follow them that believe." Praise the Lord. I want to go back to England and have a text from brother one like the one that came the other time when we prayed for a sister with cancer that says that cancer has been eradicated. Let me tell you brother, sister, we are entitled to the staff benefits. He who is a friend of a prophet receives a prophet's reward. He who's a friend of the message receives the message rewards. He who a who understands the essence of Calvary. Let me tell you brother, sister, there is a greater investment that God has put for your life than you can ever imagine. Oh my my my my. I don't want to go ahead of myself, but listen to this prayer as this brother is being prayed for. Says, "Almighty God, author of life, give of every good gift, send thy blessings upon my brother as I speak in thy name, praise the Lord, if thy servant has found favor in your sight, spare the life of my brother, and may from this night on." Now watch, the prophet never says, "Go and get healed." Because he understands that the heavens are open. All his prayers of the people that were supposed to receive the Holy Ghost, the people that are supposed to be blessed, they are they don't have pomp and faith. They they have substance. Listen to this. May from this night on that they might that's that's very that's not clear up there. Listen to from may this night on that they clear up from him and may he be a warrior on the fields up there that will cause literally thousand to find great help. He was already identified as a warrior but the devil was trying to fight that. But yet the prophet prayed for him and when he prayed for him says Lord like if we were praying for our sisters Lord we pray for our sister because she plays the guitar for us. What would be our worship in church without our sister? This is a trick in praying when you know the position the person holds in the breath and life of the church. Remember when Das fell ill and he died and she died. What did the believers do? They came with what she did and presented to the apostle say we can't have our sister die because there will be nobody to help us in this manner. Which means each and every one of you who contributes to the welfare of this church, you are entitled to a special blessing because of what you believe. May she be May he be a great warrior up on the fields here that will cause literally thousands to get help. Praise the Lord. Grant it, Lord. And now I cast this demon called cancer. And right now as I'm preaching, if ever there is diagnosal undiagnosed, if that demon is here, I cast it too. I cast it too. I cast it too. In the name of Jesus. Believers this, somebody say amen. If there is any illness under the sound of my voice, I catch it too. I guess it too because we are under an open heaven and all things are possible. Somebody say amen. The devil is a liar. He can take victory from us because Easter brought to us access to a power beyond the natural. We are raised with him. Praise the Lord. And he has spoiled principalities and cancer is a principality. and Easter spoiled principalities. Brother, sickness is a principality and Easter spoiled principalities. Whatever principality is upon your life, I c it in Jesus name. It's the Easter blessing of cursing all things. Brother, when you realize that there is no power the devil holds over you because of Easter, you can rejoice and celebrate because every principality he made an open show so that no one is left imagining that the devil is power. He spoiled him. Took the keys of death, hell, and the grave. Opened up, grew, took all the Old Testament saints, praise the Lord, that were in paradise, transformed them to another dimension, put them in the sixth dimension. Brother, let me tell you, Easter has the ability to move you into another higher dimension, a higher dimension in your walk, a higher dimension in your faith, a higher dimension in what you believe. Easter is capable of making things change for the rest of the year. You might have been having a dismal year, but I tell you in Jesus name. Because of Easter, the situation has changed. We've got the ability to take possession of who we are. Somebody say amen to that. Praise the Lord. My my my says I cast it out in Jesus name. May it come out of him. And may the man live. God bless you, my brother. Do you think that man died, he lived right now. Everyone that's under threat from death, may you live in Jesus name. May you live because of Easter. Easter brings new hopes. Hallelujah. Easter is a change of season. Hallelujah. before it even starts to spring up. Nature as itself testifies that it is the rising of the sun. How much more we who believe in the true essence of Easter, what's more important, nature or you? Because nature is God's Bible. Who is it written for? It's written for your benefit. If you can believe it, you can say amen. Somebody say amen to that. Right now, I take control of every spirit that's trying to frustrate you. Because of Easter, we can rise up again. Hallelujah. Because of Easter, we can take full control again. Hallelujah. Because of Easter, we can claim our blood rights. Because of Easter, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. Somebody say, "Amen." Don't underestimate the power of seasons. There is fruits you don't look for in a season that is not ripe for that fruit. Brother, here we are having resurrection time. Easter is a time to resurrect all hopes. Do you realize, brothers and sisters, if you have things resurrecting in your life, God is able and capable of giving you a testimony so that you can have a new hold. You can never have a new hold until God gives you a new testimony. God must do something so special for you in commemoration of Easter so that you can say, "This Easter, it's been worth it. My mind has been transformed. I can never be the same again. The devil can't come and frustrate me. I've got the power in the name of Jesus. I'm worshiping under a clear heaven. And there is no way a breakthrough can be forbidden because I cannot be denied. No, I won't because there is power under the blood of Jesus Christ. Somebody say, "Amen." That's the power of Easter. Praise the Lord. Just by believing in who you are and what God made you, it brings an array of possibility over your life. Amen. Raise it up, my sister. Your gallant faith has saved you. Praise the Lord, sister. Whatever you've been doing for the Lord and the devil tried to frustrate you, brother, whatever you've been doing for the Lord and the devil tried to frustrate you, your gallant faith has saved you. The prophet says you're going home and your ministry is going to increase and you are going to do more for the Lord than you've ever done. God bless you, my brother. Amen. Let me say praise be to God. Praise the Lord. The discernment is interjected by brother Baxter and says do you know that man brother Baxter says well let's say praise be the Lord. And brother Baxter now speaks says I would like to say one thing about this man. The he corresponded with me about coming to New York. I said come. I said there was nothing I could promise. But when brother Brah said that that man had written literature, I was about ready to jump because his last letter to me, he sent me some of the literature on divine healing. In other words, brother Baxter had to be a witness to the gallantry of this man. And this man sent brother Baxter a literature of what he does. To you it might look like just writing and passing out a tract is a small thing but to God it might mean it might stand between cancer and your salvation cancer and your healing. So when brother Baxter said to the man you can come but I don't give you a guarantee that brother Rama will pray for you. It was the gallantry of his faith as a warrior that stood him before the prophet. And let me tell you brothers and sisters, no matter what you're going through, what you've been through, what might be pending, I've come to tell you that Satan not in this church, not anytime soon. We are happy people who are worshiping under the opuspices of what the faith of the hour is. The true essence of Easter under an open heaven means a breakthrough is possible any time. The correct worship is possible anytime. The correct praise is possible any time because there is power. Praise the Lord in the highest. Says here he sent me a letter says everything brother Abraham said about that man is true. And brother Arab didn't even know it. I only can say what God has showed me and tells me to say. what only I can see him materialize in front of me that I can do. Nothing else I can do. But the man is not going to die with the cancer. He's going to leave. Brother, sister, I do not read the message like history. I read it. I read it in present time. Right here tonight, nobody's going to die. If you are saying amen to what we are preaching, that quotation came to bring new hopes into your entire life. The devil is a liar. If you have a desire, God can fulfill that desire. God wants you to say, "Let your servant depart in peace." God wants to make you take control of the time you go. Like the Bible says, "And Abraham gathered all his children around him." says, "Now it is time for me to go." What happened to that God? If Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, we shouldn't be caught unawares. We should believe in God's ability to make scripture relieve itself in our lives. Somebody say amen to that. Believers this tonight, how many believe that this Easter, the devil is on the run? He's got no power over your body. He's got no power over your life. He can't do nothing because we are Christians. Why? Because we are Christians. Why? Because we are not warriors. We are warriors. Believers. Now, this any warriors in this place, give God some praise. If you are a warrior, I want you to declare that greater is he that is in me than he that's in the world. Give God some praise. Whatever's been bothering you, Easter brings new hopes. Easter brings new possibility. Easter brings new worship. Easter changes the status quo of what's been going on before. Give God some praise if you can. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Amen." Praise God. That's why brothers and sisters, the Bible says when a man's ways please the Lord, even his enemies will be at peace with him. Oh brother, sister, you concentrate on pleasing God, even your enemies will be at peace with you. We've got the power. It's not coming from another source. We are not praying for power. Brother Bam tells us that Jesus Christ had absolute and supreme perfect power because he knew who he was. Brother, it's high time we know if we rose with him in Easter, we've also got the same power because he's the head, we are the body. When the body rises, Amen. the head rises with the body. We There is no separation between Christ and his bride. We are God's bride. There is power to that. We are not church members. Church members are other places but here we are part and parcel. The bride and the groom are one. Amen. There is benefits to being the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Believers how this how many can say give God the praise for Easter just to thank God for Easter. the true essence of [Applause] Easter. Someone asked me, "Brother Crosby, when you read these quotes, why do you read them the way you do?" I said, "Because I've seen the results." There was a time in our church, I preached a sermon titled, "Don't miscarry your blessing." I read a quotation of a sister. Amen. The the quotation happened in Edmonton. Brother Desend, the sister said, "Sister, you are from Edmonton." Amen. you you have a baby boy in your you the daughter said you should misaryry but I want to tell you God's given you a healthy baby boy amen and brother I'm in the descendment even says that the baby is 8b gives the weight the location the name the place and I have in my church a sister that came from a place a sebab in London called Edmonton she had just been to the doctors and been told to miss carry And when I came to read that quotation, I said, "Sister," she had not told me. I'm just preaching. And the quotation so identified in such a way that when I said, "You shall have an 8 lb baby boy." Now, we can't wait to see what the baby will be like. You see, there is a probability of 50% that it might be a girl. The baby turned out to be a boy. Then when the boy was born, I asked what is the weight? He was exactly 8 pound. The mother was from Edmonton. Praise the Lord. The baby was 8 pound. And I have become so addicted to knowing that some of the descendants are in the tapes. Some people have a tendency to say when it comes to discernment, we don't listen because it's not the revealed word. We are here for the word. You don't know what you are missing. Praise the Lord. Sometimes you are missing your salvation through healing that hilly billy preacher, the humble servant of the Lord Qua William Marion Branam. Amen. I could give you story and story testimony upon testimony about the kind of descendants that I've just read in my preaching and then someone will come up and say pastor this is exactly what's been going on with my mother or this is exactly what's been going on with my father and it has been so precise brother because it's a ministry that cannot be replicated. If you follow the message properly and well you'll have the benefits of the message. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Somebody say amen to that. How many believe that by preaching this you have stopped worrying about your problem? You've become a warrior rather than a warrior as we rise to our feet. Praise the Lord. Give God some praise. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus for your goodness and your mercy. Blessed be the name of the Lord. God Almighty God knows us by name. Send us this message that can never be defied. It's a powerful message. If a people that were written in the Bible to say who unto you cherites the word of the Lord is against you were converted to become the bodyguards of David. Amen. How much more we who were unwanted in the kingdom, none entities. What can Calvary do for us? It can take us from people that are warriors and make warriors out of us. Praise the Lord. Serious mercenaries for the kingdom of God. May God bless you, my brother. May he do more for your ministry than he's ever done before. Somebody say amen to that. How many believe that Easter Easter is a season for the bride. Easter is our time to shine. Now we are under a clear heaven. I call that brother. Oh, I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone because I know. Yes. Yes. He holds the future and life is what the living just because Oh, because he made because he can borrow because he lives because of fear is gone. [Music] Because I know I know he holds the future and life is for the living just because Oh, let's sing that one more time now. [Music] I [Music] can [Music] make our fear is gone because I know He holds a future like this one. The living just because he liv Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] The reason people worried is because of fear. That's true. [Music] Fear. Fear of tomorrow. Fear of situation. Fear of circumstances. That's why we [Music] worried. But because of Easter, you [Music] remember he paid the price. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Because of Easter, we can sing this. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Oh, let's sing that to him again. I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Let's sing one of the verses there. You rather me with this meloy. You surround me with the song of delivering from the enemy till all my fears are. So I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child. Oh yes, I'm no longer I'm no longer live to fear. I am the child. The next verse now from my mother's womb you have chosen me. The Lord has called my name. I've been born again. I've been born again to a family. Your blood now flow. So I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. Oh yes. I'm no longer I'm no longer asleep to fear. Oh yes, I am a child. Let's sing that verse. From my mother's womb. From my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Your Lord has called my name. I've been born again. I've been born again to your [Music] family. Your blood flows through. That's why I'm alone. I'm no longer has to fear. I am a child. Oh yes, I'm no longer. I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I am a child. Yes. I'm no longer I'm no longer Why the music plays softly. It's not just a music. It's not just a song. That was the reason why. The preacher labored this morning to bring us from worries, to bring us from fear to fight. And we got to be earnest with ourself. We got to be truth to ourself. [Music] If you have a spirit of fear that is storming you while we are under this atmosphere, you can get help. You don't have to leave from your hoping. If there is something that is haunting your life and and and that just that uncertainty, Amen. You can get help this afternoon. Amen. If you need help, go for help. You will get help this afternoon. Thank you, Jesus. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God and you keep looking over your shoulders [Music] and you keep looking over your shoulders is every small sound around you looks like somebody is after your life you can get help this afternoon you can be delivered from that oppression of the enemy [Music] If there is someone on this atmosphere, I want us to stand with them in prayer. [Music] That spirit can be rebuked out of your life, oh Lord. That curse can be rebuked out of your life. And now you can start growing in faith to stand and fight. You are so good. You're so kind. Lord Jesus, I am that I am. You are the present heaven. I'm no longer to fear you, Lord of everything. I want to give that opportunity this afternoon. Is there one? Do you have the fear of death? Do you have the fear of uncertainty? I'm taking away. I am a child. You have nothing. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh Jesus, I am a child. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no [Music] longer live to feel. I am a child. Yes, I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to fear. Take away. I am a child of God. Yeah, I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Father, I'm no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. Lord that she is needed. I commit before you precious father Lord I bring before you oh Lord your servant in Jesus name. Father, even as we've learned about a preacher that may the Lord do more than ever before upon his lifeless. [Music] Holy, holy, I will bless his name. [Music] [Music] people closely out [Music] your you can trust him. [Music] You the slemenord. [Music] [Music] Holy, holy, I would bless. Bless is the [Music] name. Stay close. Tonight [Music] you can touch you for me the same. In Jesus name I pray. Even as the prophet I identified as a young lady saw him as a woman. He said what is the secret of your success? He says well I gave my life to Christ. I took all my worries to him. I said there is issues in my life. I become God. She became present. Luke 68 and verse 30 even I pray for this young girl under Jesus name the rapture will be almighty God as we wait for it let it be at them the message of the lamb we say indeed in Jesus name amen precious father I bring your daughter in In the name of Jesus Christ, take [Music] away God every. So let us pray. of life is the name of Jesus Christ. [Music] We are the same God's presence on everything. Yes, we are standing on holy [Music] all around. So let [Laughter] us Jesus [Music] And we ask [Music] them God's [Music] presence. Make them victorious. May the Lord be an emblem and a symbol of glory. [Music] to be a savior. You [Music] [Music] worry and true with the [Music] I'll be a [Music] living. Thank you Jesus. Oh, thank you father. Thank you dear Lord Jesus [Music] Lord to be [Music] yourself in the name of Jesus [Music] Christ. Thank you Jesus. I bring you [Music] right away. You are God. Almighty God, you are God. My blessing before you Lord in the name of Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Lord for you. Precious father Lord I pray before you this year again. Let him be a soldier. I pray that you take away spirit of fear. A man of faith, a man of purpose before you in the name of Jesus Christ made them in Jesus name Jesus. right and true. True to your word, Jesus, and we thank you. I'll be your [Music] living. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Jesus Christ for love for you. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh, oh Lord, send your power just in [Music] baptize everyone. Yes, we need it. Oh yes. [Music] Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh. Oh Lord, send the power of justice and baptize everyone. Father, may that be our portion this afternoon. Amen. We want to thank you, Father God, for the outpouring of your spirit upon us, Lord. That spirit that back the word, that spirit that comes after the word, Lord. Yes. Oh father, we thank you for rebuking spirits in our midst. Lord, thank you father for identifying oh God fear Lord Jesus one of our greatest hindrance. Oh God. Oh father Lord it keep us from our potential Lord. It remind us of our past oh God. It abuses our mind. Oh father Lord. Almighty God we just want to thank you Lord God. That is the root cause of all of our worries is because we are afraid that it's going to go wrong. It will never happen or it may not happen. But almighty God, we want to stand on your promised word this afternoon, oh God, Father, and say, "Thank you, Lord God. May that little faith begin to spring in our heart, Lord. That faith that will take a hold of your word and say, "God said it. I believe it." And that settle it. Almighty God, we thank you precious Lord. Thank you for your servant that has labored with us this weekend. Oh God, we pray that Lord you will bless his health, bless his family, oh God, his wife, dear sister Florence, bless her too. The children back home, oh God. Father, the church in large, oh God, we pray that you will bless them, oh father, Lord, bless his ministry, almighty God. Oh father, the next opportunity he has to preach, Lord, may it be more glorious, Lord. father than what it was this weekend. We thank you father. Oh God and we thank you for every brother sister Lord God we thank you for the worshippers that come oh Lord Jesus. Oh father God we have few of our little ones Lord God that we will identify in water baptism this morning. We want this afternoon we want to pray that God you will bless them Lord and and father God as we just go into there. We love you. We thank you in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And the church says amen. And the church says amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Let's just sing. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so bad. I can't see. I'm all up [Music] again. Oh, I'm so glad I can [Music] see. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. There are people. Oh, I keep on [Music] tr I can't go places. It is burning down within my heart going to I'm so glad that I can see. I want a day. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Thank you, Lord. One of them. Yes. And I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Although these [Music] people's morning, they have all received their pent in Jesus name. And I'm telling you never found one sing. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one again. Hallelujah. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one again. Oh, one again. Thank you all. Oh yes, Jesus. Oh, I'm so glad that I can sing. Come my brother, seek this blessing. Come my brother, seek this blessing. That will release your heart from sin. It will stand the joy of your ranking and will keep your soul a flame. It is burning down within. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them dead. One of dead. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one up. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I meet you out there. Praise the Lord. [Music]
