################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - May 28, 2025 Wednesday Service Pastor Bloteh Won- The Lawgiver - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-28
Title:    May 28, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won- The Lawgiver
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_sXqkTh181Q
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Why should my heart be troubled? And why should the shadows come? Why should my heart be lonely and for heaven when Jesus is my portion? My conant friend is he is on every sparrow and I know he watches. has me. So I see because I'm happy. Oh, I see because I'm free. [Music] desire his own every spirit and I know he watches me. Can you sing once again when I sing? Oh, I see. Because I'm [Laughter] happy. Oh, I see. Because I'm free. His son, his own every spare. And I know he watches me. [Music] Let not your heart be troubled and run on the word I [Music] hear rest in all his goodness. I lost my doubts and [Music] [Applause] fears by the path he lead [Music] me by set Oh, he's on every sp and I know he watches you. Can you sing all together? Oh, glory. Oh, I see. Because I'm happy. Oh, I see. Because I'm free. His eyes on every SP and I know he watches. You believe he's watching over you? Then sing along with me. Oh, I sing because I'm happy. Oh, I see. Because I'm free. Oh, I every sp and I know he watches me. [Music] And I know he watches me. Can we give God a hand? He's worthy. Oh, glory to God. If we are here, it's just because of his amazing grace. Can we sing all together? He was army. See grace as sweet the sun. Hallelujah. God [Music] save my king. I once was lost. Hallelujah. [Music] I see. who was grace that I [Music] to raise my hand. How [Music] special [Music] Jesus we are at First [Music] [Music] be I have [Music] Great. [Music] has [Music] come [Music] and [Music] Yeah. Sh. [Music] Glorious be praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's sing that one more time. Praise God. Praise God. Oh yes. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh yeah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's let just uh turn to the scripture there in first Kings chapter 20. First Kings chapter 20. We just want to read couple of verses here before we go. We go to the Lord in prayer. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. 1 Kings chapter 20 tonight. Let's read verse 27. Uh we just we want to take that uh we want to take that to uh use that and go to the Lord in prayer tonight. Uh we we want to read verse 27. uh or if we just go down to verse 22 is it's a very familiar scripture tonight. And the prophet came to the king of Israel and said unto him, "Go strengthen thyself and mark and see what thou does. For at the return of the year the king of Syria will come up against him." And the servants of the king of Sarah said unto him, "They are gods are gods of the hills." Therefore, they were stronger than we, but let us fight against them in the plain, and surely we shall be stronger than they. and uh do this thing. take the the kings away, every man out of his place, and put captains in their room, and number thee an army like the army that thou uh like the army that thou hast lost, horse, cherub for cherub, and we will fight against them in the plane, and surely we shall be stronger than And he came, the king of Syria, he came unto uh their voice and did so. And it came to pass at the return of the year that Ben Hather numbered the Syrians and went up to Alfa to fight against Israel. And the children of Israel were numbered and were all present. Amen. Like we we are all present in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. We are all present in the service tonight. Amen. Those that are streaming online, we are all present. Let's be present. Amen. And all the children of Israel were number and were all present and went against him. And the children of Israel perished before them like uh uh two little flocks of kids. But the Syrians fell the country. And there came a man of God. Amen. May the man of God come forth tonight. And there came a man of God and speak unto the king of Israel and said, "Thus say the Lord, because the Syrian have said, the Lord is God of the hills, but he is not God of the valleys. Therefore will I deliver all this great multitude into thy hands and ye shall know that I am the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thus say the Lord because the Syrians have said the Lord is the God of the hills, but he is not the God of the valley. Therefore, I will deliver all this great multitude in thy hands. Praise the Lord. Amen. And ye shall know that I am the Lord. Let's just bow our heads uh uh tonight as we go. We just sing that chorus. God of the mountain. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you want to have your seat, if you want to stand praying, we just want to take few knees tonight. Um or you can have your seat and and then we can we can pray together tonight. [Music] He made for the God of the mighty is the God in the valley. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] And the god of control is the god in the [Music] b. The God of the God is the God. Let's sing out one more time. Oh, the God of the mountain. Let's worship him now. This is the night [Music] of when he goes wrong. The God of the Lord is the God in the [Music] B. The God of the L. We sing God one more time now. Oh hallelujah. God on mountain is a God of when the God of the Lord is the God in the Bible. The God of [Laughter] the is the God in the night. What a musician play softly there. Oh, the God of the [Music] mountain. He's the God in the valley. When things go wrong, the Lord will make it right. God of the good time. He's the God in the B. Oh, the God of the day. Thank you, Jesus. He's the God in the land. Let's pray together tonight. Let's give thanks to the Lord. Let's bless his name that he's the God of the mountain. He's the God in our valleys. He's the God in our good time and in our bad time. He never changed. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's why we can appreciate him tonight. We can worship him. we can give him thanks for blessing us on the weekend with uh uh uh the services of Saturday night and Sunday morning. We just want to thank the Lord and for watching over us and uh bringing us back together tonight. Let's pray. Let's give thanks in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we just want to thank you. Father, we want to thank you Lord. We want to praise you, oh God. We want to glorify your name, Lord God. And we want to magnify your name Jesus. Oh precious Lord I pray father in the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord gather the lover of oh God our soul. Oh God the giver of life. Oh father we thank you tonight. Oh God we thank you precious Lord. Father we want to give praise to you Lord. We want to hold fire and glorify your holy name. Oh God. Lord we say almighty God. No one Lord is like unto you. Oh father. Oh Jesus. We just thank you oh God for giving us another opportunity oh God to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Father almighty God. We just say blessed be your name Lord Jesus. Thank you, oh Father, Lord God, for gathering us, Lord, Father God, on this Wednesday night. We pray oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, we say, oh God, we are so grateful, Lord, oh God, for the blessing of your word that you give us, oh God, oh precious Lord, on the weekend, oh father, you have quickened us, oh God, you have quickened us, oh father Lord, you have quickened us, oh God, precious Lord, we thank you, Father, we thank you, oh God, we glorify your name tonight, oh God. Uh, and we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray, Holy Spirit, on fire, Lord. Oh God, Father, Jesus Christ, oh Lord God, you will quicken us, oh God, Father, from every dead works, Lord, every iniquity, every shame, oh God. Oh father, every pride, oh God, almighty God, your word say you have quen us, Lord. May we come to that reality, Lord. May we come to that reality tonight, oh Lord. May we come to that reality. Almighty God, we praise your name, Father. Lord, we glorify your name, Jesus Christ. We magnify your name tonight, oh God. We say, Oh God, no one is like unto you, Lord, from the rising of the sun. Oh God, to the glory down of the same. We want to thank you, Lord. We want to praise you, oh father, Lord. We want to glorify you, sweet Jesus, tonight. And we just ask, oh God, your blessings, oh father, Lord, you will come about us tonight, oh Lord. Send, oh God, Father, Lord, your fire. Oh God, send, oh Lord, your presence. Oh God, send, oh father, your blessings tonight. Oh God, something, oh Lord, that will wake us up into your presence. Oh fire Lord that will bring us oh God to consciousness oh Lord that will bring us oh God to a realization oh father from the partial realization that we have oh God to a perfect realization oh father Lord we know that God Jesus oh God perfection oh Lord father God will not be fully obtained oh God father Lord Jesus on side of eternity, Lord. But God, you have brought us a better word, oh God. Our perfection, oh God, is in the lamb. Our perfection, oh God, is in the boat. Our perfection, oh Lord, is in the word that God you have given us. So we thank you tonight. We give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor. profile. Oh Lord, I pray almighty God that Lord, you would just come and help us know what a wonderful savior you are. What a wonderful Jesus you are, Lord. Blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name, Father God. Oh Jesus, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Father. Let's just sing that softly now. The God of the [Music] might. He's the God in my family. When things go wrong, Lord, you make them [Music] right. Oh, the God in the good time. is the same in the m of the god in the one more time that as we just worship him you the god of my [Music] mountain stay on [Music] I when things go wrong, when it don't make sense, when I can't understand it, you make them right. Yes, Father, the God of the good times, the God in the time. God of the God in love. What a musician play softly just like they are playing. You think about it now. What a God we serve. He promised that he would never leave us, never forsake us. And I believe that that man of God is stay in the camp to tell us that the God of the mountain is the God in the valley. He will never leave us. He will never forsake us. He goes with us through our trials, through our trouble. We can trust him. We can we can we can praise him tonight. You can forget about your troubles and problem and just thank him tonight that he never leave you. He have never forsaken you. He never taken his eyes from upon you. What a wonderful father you are. Oh God, we just we just want to appreciate you tonight. You already know our needs, Lord. You know our needs. You know our burden. You know the need of this assembly. Lord, you know every prayer need tonight. Oh, Father. Oh God, we just want to thank you Lord that Father God you stood with us Lord. Father God when we were going through our violent Lord oh God the valley of the shadow of death. Oh father God. Oh precious Lord we thank you tonight. We just appreciate you. What a wonderful savior. What a wonderful Jesus. You came on the weekend Lord to remind us that you have quickened us Lord. How we need to come to the reality of that quickening power. How we need to come to the reality of what you have already done. We are living in a partial reality. But there is a perfect reality that is [Music] promised. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a blessed savior you are. Father, we thank you tonight, Lord. We glorify your name. We bless your name, oh God. We worship you, Lord. What a blessing, Lord, Father, to be together on a Wednesday night, oh Lord Jesus, in the middle of the week, oh God, Father. Lord, oh precious Lord, to have people standing, Lord God, in holy place, lifting their hands, lifting their voices to you, Father, we thank you tonight. We love you, Jesus. We love you. We appreciate you Lord. We appreciate you your goodness. We appreciate your love. We appreciate your mercy, Father. Yes, Lord. You are the God that that fight our battles, Lord. Father, how we love you tonight. Oh, we thank you, sweet Jesus. We thank you, sweet Jesus. We thank you, sweet Jesus. [Music] If we can play the same God, that little chorus, the same God who spoke to the woman at the well. Let's just let's just think about it now. You are speaking to the same God that spoke the universe into existence. The same God that said, "Adam, Adam, where are you?" He's the same one you speaking to tonight. The same God that formed you. He formed you. He's your designer. [Music] Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. The same God who spoke to the woman at the well. The same God whose world brought to me to tell. He's the savior who ped the raing resting. He's the same God who's living with me. Softly down, softly. Oh, the same God who spoke to the woman I think about it now. The same God who wonders are too many to tell. He is the same God who pardest the raing mercy. Yes, he's the same God who's living in you. If he open the red seed, he can separate you from your sickness. He can separate you from whatever you are dealing with. The same God that could tell the woman that the word or her problem, he knows our problem. He knows our weaknesses. He knows our failure. He knows our secret thoughts. He knows everything, our very thought. That's why we can say tonight, come and see the [Music] man. The same God who's wondrous are too many to tell. He's the same God here tonight. He's the same God. He's not a thought. He's a reality. He's real. Father, we thank you tonight. We thank you tonight, Lord, that you are the same. The same yesterday, the same today, Lord. The same forever, Lord God. You never change your Lord Jesus. The same God that former us is the same one that is dealing with us. He's the same one that has redeem us. Oh Lord, we love you tonight. We love you tonight, Jesus. We love you tonight, Father. We love you tonight. Yes, Lord. He's the same God that's living in me. Oh yes. The same God who spoke to the woman I there were. Thank you Jesus. The same God whose wondrous they are too [Music] many to tell the same God. Oh mighty raging res. He is the seal god living in me. You think about it tonight. You think about it. If God was in a visible form as he's in our midst, if he was visible, what will you say to him tonight? What will you say to him if he was visible? If he took you into the office, he took you into the back room to talk to him. What will you say to him tonight? That same God is [Music] here. Don't just sit there and wander your mind around. Don't just sit there and and and and just be imagining vain things. Say something to your maker. Say, "Thank you, Lord, for my life. Thank you for this opportunity. Thank you for your grace. Thank you, Father, for another thing. Oh, what a wonderful Jesus you are. Yes, Lord, Father. Thank you, Lord God, for the opportunity that we can call upon your name. Lord, you said they that call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Oh father, the name of the Lord is a mighty tower Lord God that we have run into tonight that we have run to tonight Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord come sweet Jesus come father Lord come Lord be with us tonight. You know you know our hearts Lord. You know our thoughts Lord Jesus. You know the needs in our life Lord. You know the needs in our home. You know the need of this local assembly. Father God, we thank you. That's why we are praising and blessing your name, oh Father, because Lord, all our ways are naked in your eyes. All our needs, oh Father, they are visible, Lord God. Oh, Father, we thank you tonight. Lord Jesus, we want to pray, Father, for our traveling ones, Lord God. Brother Ben and Sister Alice, Lord, Father, we pray that God, you will be with them, Lord Jesus. You will continue to comfort them, Lord. Father God, and strengthen them, Lord Jesus, things that they have to deal with back home. May your grace be with them, Father, Brother Hillary and uh uh uh Sister Ness also. Father God, we pray your grace will be with them. Precious Lord Jesus, we pray tonight, Father God. Also, Lord, for brother Dan that traveled, Father God, back home after many years, be with our brother, Lord Jesus, bless the purpose of his trip. Oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, oh father God, oh precious Lord Father, even the ones, Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord Father, that we have we have not seen for for for some time, oh God, we want to commit them into your hands. We pray for our backsliding brothers and sisters, oh God. Oh father, Lord, as the hour is getting late, oh God, we believe that the same God that woke that young man up, Lord Father, Brother Joe Adams told us, oh God, woke him up out of his sleep, oh God, Father, and in the pajamas, he was able to run to the altar, God, that same God, Father God, can deal with every law backsl, whatever condition they are in, Father, that same God can redeem them. that same God is able Lord Father God Lord to speak to their soul father in the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh God, we want to thank you precious Lord, Father God, once again, Lord Jesus, for for blessing our sister, sister Sister Beer, Lord God, she was uh uh uh Father God, sick few nights ago. Precious Lord Kohi brave Lord. Father, we thank you for coming on the scene, Lord, and rescuing her. Precious Lord, almighty God, we just thank you tonight for brother Loris. So Father, as he recover, strengthen our brother, Lord God. Father God, oh precious Lord, you don't do a halfway work. When it's a healing, it's a complete healing. Almighty God, we thank you tonight, Father. Oh, precious Lord, we just pray once again, Lord. Father, for every unspoken prayer request in the building, Lord, you know the hearts of your children, oh God, you know their desires. Oh father, Lord God, you said, Lord, precious Lord, you will not give them stone if they ask for a bread. You will give them serpent, Lord. Father, which mean you will not allow the devil, Lord, Father God, access to their life. When they are calling to you, precious Lord, for the need, oh God, oh Father God, and those that desire the Holy Ghost, you will surely give it to them, oh Father. So we pray tonight, oh God. Father, from the little ones, Lord, from the little ones, oh Lord Jesus, what they desire in their heart that is concerning you, Lord, and that is according to your will. Grant it to them, oh Father. Lord Jesus, we love you tonight. We bless your holy name, oh God. Oh, precious Lord, we want to thank you for our dear brother Ariel and his wife that that have their anniversary tonight. We pray that you bless them. You continue to to strengthen them, Lord. Be with our sister, Lord. She's very close. Oh, Father God, to that time, oh Lord, are bringing life, oh God. Father, we know that God, that baby is kicking and finding his way back, oh God, precious Lord, right, right here where, oh God, Father, Lord, she belongs. We pray that God you would just bless them this time oh father and we just oh God remember Lord Father all those Lord that are not able to be with us tonight because of distance almighty God because of work oh precious Lord Jesus Christ oh father God or one thing or another you know the hearts of your children Lord Father deal with them wherever they are tonight oh how we just love you father I pray for brother Dancing Lord God and his wife travel also overseas. Your grace will be with them, Lord Father. Oh God, as we just remember all of these ones. What a wonderful father you are. What a sweet Jesus you are, Lord. Thank you, precious [Music] Lord. Thank you, Father. [Music] Let's just stand to our feet now while we softly sing that. Oh, prepare me to be your sanu. Glory. Thank you Lord Jesus. I want to be pure and holy, dry and true. Oh, with that [Music] as I be a [Music] living sent [Music] you for you. Let's sing that one more time. Oh Lord, please prepare me for Jesus to be a sentient worthy. Hallelujah. Lord, I want to be pure and [Music] holy. I want to be tried. I want to be true. to you Lord and we thank oh I'll be a [Music] living set you free from [Music] you because he I can face to all my fears. Yes, I know. Oh, because I know I know I know we hold the [Music] future and love our lives in just because we live. Oh, so glad I'm yours, Lord, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your [Music] mercy has found me. [Music] So glad you found me and you set me [Music] free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. I am yours, heavenly father. Lord, you've been so good to us, Lord. We got so much to thank you for. We got so much to praise you for, Lord. Thank you, Lord God, for giving us, Lord, this just this little time in your presence. What a what a time, oh God, to just have you on our mind. Forget about everything, Lord. Just just place you on our mind, Lord. When we sing the songs, we think about you. So glad. So glad I'm yours. It's not about me. It is about what you have done. Thank you for such a time, Lord. Thank you for such a time, oh father God. Lord, how I pray that God, you would draw us in, Lord, you'll draw us in. Take us from all of these self emotions, so God, father, and just bring us, Lord, right into your presence where we can be so conscious of [Music] you, Father. is about you and you alone. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Father. Lord, we want we want to worship you this way. You said the truth worshippers will worship you in spirit and in truth. Oh God, it's not about making ourself happy. It's not about oh God, father being pleased with the song or the music but Lord bringing from in from inside of us Lord giving to you Lord Jesus what you have given to [Music] us. We love you tonight, Father. We love you tonight, oh God. Thank you for your sweet presence. Thank you for your sweet presence. Thank you, Lord, that you have allowed us to stand, oh God, on holy ground, Lord God, where angels had come about us. Lord, thank you, Father. Lord God, a host of Syrians came against Israel. Lord, they were just outnumbered. Oh, Father God, but you you proved that the God of the mountain was the same. Oh God, in the valley, you defeated them, Lord. And God is no different tonight, precious Lord Jesus, the God of Sunday. He's the same on Wednesday night. He's the same on Monday. He's the same when you are in your bedroom. He's the same when you on your knees. The same God, the same atmosphere, the same, the same God. You are the same, Lord. When we at the back of the wheels going home, oh Father God, you be the same. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Jesus. We love you tonight. [Music] We have to be grateful people. Let's softly sing that tonight. We are standing on holy ground. Think about it tonight. Now, what if you were on Mount Ser when God came down on the mountain? What if you are at the back side of the burning the back side of the desert when when God was speaking to Moses out of the burning bush? He said, "Moses, take off your sandals on your shoes for the place you stand is the holy ground." That same God is here tonight. Thank you, Father. Thank you for allowing us to come into your presence. Lord, thank you, Father God, for giving us this opportunity, Lord. [Music] There are angels all around. Think about it [Music] tonight. So, let us pray. [Music] Jesus. Now that's what we should be doing. Thanking him, praising him. We are stand with him just present on holy ground. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, we are stand. Let's stand on our feet [Music] tonight on holy ground. Whether you are standing in your home, what are you in your bedroom? And I know I know that they are angels all around. Thank you, Father. Thank you. We can feel your presence tonight. So let us pray. [Music] Jesus now. Oh yes, we we are standing in his presence. Father, we uplift your hands. We want to thank you tonight. We want to thank you precious Lord. Thank you for this moment Lord. Thank you father. Lord Jesus only you know what it means oh God. Father to your children Lord. Father God each and every one of us can come out of out of this presence oh God with different different thoughts on our mind and different oh God. Father what it means to us tonight to be in your presence. Lord we love you. Father, where we can abandon everything, Lord, try to get every tears from on our mind. Just to take a time to say we thank you. Just to take a time, Father, Lord, to say, "Oh, God, thank you. Thank you for your goodness. Thank you for your mercy, Lord." Let our little ones don't fail, Lord God, Father, to thank you, Lord, to thank you for their parents. Thank you for their friends. [Music] Yes, we are standing tonight. This is a holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Thank you, Father, for your angels that are in come about us, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Lord God, thank you precious Lord. Thank you father. Thank you almighty God. Blessed be your name tonight. Thank you Lord. Thank you precious. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. We are standing in our [Music] presence. Heavenly Father, Lord God, we're so grateful tonight. many unspoken requests, Lord Father, in the building tonight, to God, from the hearts of your children, the needs of their home, their family, their job, oh God, their finances, Lord Jesus, their desire for more of you, Lord, that you will that you will be visible in their life, you'll be visible in their home, visible in their situation. of God. And Lord, you will break us, Lord, Father God, from every slothfulness, Lord God. Father, just like you rebuked those men on the road of Emas, slow of heart, you said they were fools, slow of heart, knowing all the things that is happening in our dying, knowing all the promises that are coming to pass. Lord, we can see the handwriting on the wall. Father, we know it's is it's is it's ending day now. Lord God, whether Lord God is 10 years from now, 20 years, whatever time it is, Lord, we say, Lord, prepare our hearts. Give us, Lord God, a prepared life, oh Lord, a consecrated life for Jesus. Take us away father God Lord from from all Lord God our besetting saints oh God father Lord every foolishness in our lives oh God father take it away from us Lord Jesus Christ we want to have falling in love with you how we would have loved to be there with Shedra Mishad and Abednego but this is our day Lord this is our time oh Father, we would have loved to go to the lion den with uh with Daniel, but this is our time. The devil is a rolling lion seeking for wood to devour. Thank you. Thank you. But father, we can stand with your word. Lord, knowing that God, you protected Daniel in the lion den. You going to protect us, Lord God, from every snare of the enemy, Lord God. Father, everywhere you want to ravage our mind, ravage our life, ravage our home. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. We thank you for this little assembly. Oh God, it's a beacon on the hill, Lord God. A light, oh God, Father, a lighthouse, oh Lord Jesus. Oh God, we want the light to God, Father, to shine. You said that man will see your work. Man will see your devotion. Man will see you coming Wednesday night and coming on Friday and and and coming during the week and and uh on Sunday morning, Lord, and and man will see your work at work and and and in your neighborhood and and and they they will start to become tested, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Father, we are beginning to lose the burden of soul waiting. We are just coming to that place Lord Father where we feeling so uh uh uh content. We come to church. Our family is coming to church. We don't have problems in our home. But Lord, stir our hearts. Lord, give us a desire to be a witness. Give us a desire, Lord, Father, to have a soul as a star in our crown. That Father, we will live our life not for oursel but for others. Yes, Lord. We will be so conscious Lord. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We love you, Jesus. Father, there are few, Lord God, that have been coming, Lord Jesus, for a while. And and that friend, oh God, Lord, of Maril Zoe, we pray for her tonight, Lord God, you will continue to deal with her heart, Lord Jesus. All precious Lord, Father God. And uh uh uh that other young lady, Father God, uh Kenishia, Lord, I pray that God, you would just you just continue to deal with her heart. Father God, you just find an entrance, Lord. Find an entrance. Lost men have a vacuum in their heart and only you can fill it. Only you can satisfy. Father, whatever longing we have tonight, all of our needs, Lord, help the folks, Lord, work in Sister Nalvin home. Oh God, Father, oh God, I know how she desire to be back home. We commit all of that into your hands as well. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Father. We love you tonight. What a wonderful Jesus you are. Praise the Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. I won't live the way he want me to live. I just stay in worship [Music] tonight. The way that he wants me to be. I'm going to give until there just no more to give. I want to love love till death. Just know more for I could never ever out love the Lord. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I know the way that he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there just no more to give. Oh, I'm going to love till there's just for I could never ever out of love. Let's try one of the verses now. There have been time when giving and love it brought me peace. And I promise that I never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well dark and that evening ain't losing weight. Go. I'm going to lay the way that he wants me to live. I'm going to give until just no more to give. Oh, I want to love him. long till there just no long for I could never ever out love the Lord. Let's sing that first verse again. A happy time when giving and loving rocking. And I promise that I never let it happen again. But I found out that loving is well brought your grace and that even in my losses I win. Oh yes. I'm going to lead the way that he wants me to live. I'm glory to G until just go to G. Oh, I'm going to love it. You love till just no, Lord. For you can [Music] never love the Lord. Let's sing that. Try the second verse. He show us the only way through dying we live. And he gave when he s there was nothing to give. He love when love is raw and lost. He forgave from the whole cross. That's the reason why tonight. Oh, I'm going to live the way my daddy wants me to live. I'm glory to give until there just no hope to give. Oh, I will love you. I'm anchoring too long till there's just no more. Never ever out of the Lord. Let's give the Lord hand a praise tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You will never out love the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. It's going to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Thank you for for bearing with us. Thank you musicians who we'll leave it right there for now and just read a portion of God's word. Hallelujah. We want to thank the Lord for the services on the weekend. Amen. Let's pray for our deacons. Both of them my way. Brother Dan traveled uh yesterday. uh to quickly run to Ghana to be back. Uh he had not been there since he put his foot on this soil. So we want to pray that the Lord will will just uh keep our brother and bring him back safely. Amen. That uh that the village will not make him the chief. Amen. the village make him the chief you love the Lord tonight. Let's read uh Matthew chapter 5. I'm hoping Sunday I wanted to uh speak to us as a church. Maybe if not this Sunday, next Sunday, but uh I'm hoping that uh we can be able to have one of these Sunday just have a very short service, switch the internet off and then we talk as a church because that that only concern us. Amen. And uh uh like I said, if not this Sunday, then uh certainly will be the next Sunday. Uh there's a there's a brother that preached for us u I think maybe two years ago. One of the brothers from from the Congo, Brother Benome, a good friend of mine. We knew one another many years back. and his son was over in uh Michigan going to school. He finished and started working couple of weeks back. Uh his sisters couldn't get a hold of him and they tried to you know uh call the police and and just because they just couldn't get his phone is ringing but he's not picking it up. And then uh finally when the police got involved, they ping his phone. It was right back to his house. It happened there. He went to be with the Lord in his sleep. So uh uh should be having his his uh funeral this weekend. I was hoping that I can be able to go and support them. So we'll see how it will turn out. So just uh keep us in your prayer. Matthew chapter 5, let's read from verse one. And seeing the multitude, he went up into a mountain. And when he was said, his disciple came unto him, and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying, "Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." Now, you have to realize now this is now uh uh poor in the flesh. You don't have house, you don't have food. Uh if you don't have all of those things, you'll be poor in the flesh. But Jesus here is saying Paul in the spirit. So you have to you have to take in context the senses of the spirit to the five senses of the spirit. Praise the Lord. He want us to be poor in our imagination, poor in our reasoning. Are we together? I want I want you to start looking at it like that. Uh blessed are they that mourn. They shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemaker, for they shall be called the children of God. Now if when you are making peace and is just to be able to say well you are wrong, you are right. You have not made peace yet. You can only make peace when you reconcile people in their spirit. When you reconcile people in their spirit and help them to see how they got to where they got because when a man is now settled in his spirit, he's not at peace. No matter how much right you gave him or how much wrong you gave him, he's not at peace. So I I want you to look at this as we as we go along. Blessed are they which uh uh p uh which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for the earth is the kingdom of heaven. The Lord bless you. Have your seat while we continue to read that I will not keep you standing. Blessed are ye when men shall rebel you and persecute you and shall say all manners of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceedingly glad. Well, you have to be you have to be dealt with in the spirit for you to rejoice when people are are mugging you. Your spirit has to be settled. Amen. Like Solomon will say, a man that has control over his si over his spirit is as much as a man that is controlling an entire city. That's what Jesus is talking about. If you don't have inner peace, if you don't have things under control in yourself, you cannot rejoice when people are criticizing you. You always want the last word. Are we together? Amen. Rejoice and be uh and be exceedingly glad. For great is your reward in heaven. For so persecute they the prophets which were before you. Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the sword have lost its several, wherewith shall it be salted? It is henceforth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be thrown in on a foot. Yeah. Are the light of the word a city that is on the hill cannot be he. Are we together now? So tonight I would just uh just read few things there and encourage you. But this is coming from a little thought that I I was just looking at trying to compare Exodus chapter 19 with Matthew chapter 5. Exodus chapter 19 or Exodus chapter 20 where the ten commandments was. So I in my thought I I kind of titled this the lawgiver. The same one that gave the Lord on China is the same one right here. Amen. Right. Are we together? Jesus is Jesus is replaying out the mana experience because the people never got it. They never got it. We spoke a little bit about that last last week. I want to continue in the same thought. He's telling them, remember how I brought you out on eagle wings, showing them his love? They misunderstood that because they have been on the burden and the bondage of slavery for too long. They said whatever law you say we will do. They misunderstood his love, his his grace, you know, he's he's trying to express his thoughts to his people. This is where I want to bring you. I want to make you a kingdom of priests. I want to make you uh you are a peculiar people to me. Praise the Lord. You are a peculiar people. And that is the reason why sometimes you know the things that we go through is all have to do with our mindset. Yeah. That's why Paul will say let this mind be in you that was in Christ Jesus. If God can deliver us from our mindset, Amen. Amen. And the mind of Christ can comes in, serving God will be the sweetest thing to do. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. It will be the sweetest. It's the easier thing to do because there is nothing there for you to do. Nothing there for you to do. There is nothing there for you to do. God is just only asking you to to surrender your body like a vehicle so he can step inside and express himself. There is nothing for you to do. Amen. That's all he's asking us. I want to step in your body as a vehicle to show other people love, show other people kindness, show people that there is a creator. when you are sick just surrendered to me. I will show them that there is a healer. Amen. There is nothing for us to do. So don't don't uh uh we shouldn't shake our shoulders as if to say we are busy busy doing something busy serving the Lord. Is God living his life through us? That's exactly what it is. Now, so we see here when you when you go back there to to Exodus chapter 19 and uh uh uh that's that just word the the ten commandment was was birthed. Like I said last week, God said, "Okay, because you you you say you want to do whatever I say you will do." Okay, I'm going to give you a parallel here. Just like the Egyptian has 10 plagues, I'm going to give you ten commandments. Remember now the plagues were judgment. Amen. Amen. The plagues were judgment. And uh uh uh the the the the the ten commandment stood as law. That was the way the people understood it. They stood the ten commandments stood as judgment to the people. Thou shall not. Thou shall not. Praise the Lord. And he that is guilty of h one is guilty of all. Just like the Egyptian, none of them survive the 10 plagues. In all the place, when I say none of them survived the 10 plagues, when the flies came, everybody cried. Amen. Amen. When the death angel passed in the land, it visited every home. When the water turned to blood, there was now one creek that was left. So, nobody survive it. That is the same way nobody can survive the ten commandments. Nobody can keep the ten commandments because it was not God desire for you to serve him by law. You are not slave. Amen. You are his children. Amen. Praise the Lord. You see, people get these things confused. You read the book of Leviticus, you see God instructing the people how they should deal with slave. Don't never take one from among you as a slave. But if you will have a slave now, so many people all through the ages thought that God was in favor of slavery. No, slavery was already existing. God was instructing his people how to deal with it. Because you have to remember now that h Leviticus came after Exodus, right? It was after the people came out of slavery. Praise the Lord. Amen. when when when Abraham was dead and he have Eleazar in his house, the Bible says the people of his house, right? They never called them slave. When Jacob went about, you know, uh uh he had all of these all of these uh uh uh women and and Leah brought her handmade and and and and Rachel brought, they were never slaves to Jacob. That is the reason why when God told Abraham to circumcise all the all the male in his house, even his servants, he never separated them to say, "Look, you you are slave. This thing is for me and my children." No, the Bible says every male that was in his house, he circumcised them. Because they were part of the house. He said, "God, you promised me a son. I have not had this son but I have a faithful seven Eliza. Amen. He can fulfill the promise. God said no I don't I don't mean seven when I say when I say your son is going to be your son. So you see slavery was already existing. It was not the Leviticus law that established slavery. God was using the Leviticus Lord to teach his children how to deal with slavery. Don't deal with it like the Egyptian did. All the people of the world. That's why he was telling them. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. He said, "You have to remember that you were once a slave." Why? Because it goes right back to Eden. That's what the devil did. He brought God's children under a slavery of sin. The very people that had a promise. He deceived them. He robbed them of their identity. He messed their mind up. And now here said they they they are they are slave to the very liberty, the very Eden that God created them for them to live. So you see all of those things comes true. That's the reason why God want us to be as much as gracious to the man that is now safe. Just like he was gracious to us. We have to remember that once we were under the bondage of sin and he set us free. And that is the very thing he was instructing the Hebrews to do. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Egypt never had a jubilee year. Now at the fifth year yet, let just give it forget about it. You can keep it so long. You can keep it, but not forever. Don't keep things forever. It's never in God's law. Amen. There is a time to let go. There is a time for jubilee. Amen. Amen. So he was teaching his people a precept that must be different from the rest of the nations. He says when when you have them they are a slave when this year come this time come call them talk to them. You can go if you want to go. If you choose not to go, then I will have to carry you to the high priest and show you to the high priest and say, "Explain yourself. You tell the high priest where you what you just told me." So the the man stand there now. And the slave talked to the high priest, "My master has been nice to me right in his house. I've had my children. They they treat me as a family. I don't know where to go. So now that that that mark where they would go and bow his ear was was a sign for him to be part of that family, right? Not for him to be slave forever. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because what happened is that he has his wife, he has his children, he's he's part of that family because he he does not have a a a blood link to the family. Are we together? Amen. He don't have a blood link to the family. Now, so you see, it's not at a place where the the owner of the slave is going to wait and say, "I'll just wait for Jubilee. I'll be nice to this guy until after the jubilee when he choose not to go then I would deal with him. No, it was not like that. He settle the the master will settle him. Now he will now start having his own slave people to work for him. It was a form of adoption. Praise the Lord. Now you think about it. Think about it. Look at it this way. If a slave was not nice when Jubilee come and he said, "No, I don't want to go." If he was not the master said, "No, go because he's not nice. Why will you keep him if he's a danger to your family?" He would say, "Just go." No. You being nice to No, no, no. This is the Jubilee. You know what does Jubilee mean? You are free. No, I don't want to be free. No, you are free. Go. Praise the Lord. You see, it's it's almost like I was talking with a brother one time, you know, uh uh uh he came through, he had spent some time with us and and then he went out and uh you know when and then he called me and talk we talked back and forth. we visit on the phone sometimes. And then he told me, you know, you are my pastor. I said, well, uh, you know, I don't pastor people from distance. I recommended you to a church. He said, no, I choose you. I choose you as my pastor. As if that as if the choice is left with him alone. I can't choose. I told you it's true. You choose me. I have a right to to say I want to be or I don't want to be. Okay. There is nothing in the world that say when you choose me I must stay stay your pastor and die your pastor. I have a right also to say yeah well I I I appreciate it. I'm I'm humble that you want me to be your pastor. I can also say no I don't want to be your pastor. Okay. So that was the same thing when the jubilee comes and this man say no I don't want to go the the the the owner has a right to say no my friend by the law you have to go the ones that he keep are the ones like Eliza the ones that were faithful the ones that were part of the house those are the ones that he will keep because they were part of the family he can travel and leave his children he know that they will not be harmed. Amen. Amen. I think many times we read those things, we get narrow in our mind. And uh where I'm at tonight, the Lord gave her. Amen. Amen. Now, so uh uh so we see we see the Lord here, the very one that was speaking from Sinai with with with rocks rolling off the mountain has taken flesh and he has come among his people. Yes. Are we together? Amen. And he took them back on the mountain. Are we together? Amen. This time it's not uh it's not uh uh uh uh uh Mount Si. Praise the Lord. It's not Mount Sina this time. He he took them up off the mountain. And the Bible says he opened his mouth and began to teach them. He taught them saying blessed are the poor in spirit. Now when you read through this, are you together? Are we together? Now you you know I I I I I look for uh Wednesday night like this to be able to just use these things and and just introduce my thought to you. We will have time to look into it better. Amen. we'll have time to really look into it. But I like I like to bring it out like this so it give you time also for you to be able to sit down and digest it, you know, and just and just look at the entire thought. You will realize that in verse 17, look here in verse 17 what he says, thinking not that I am come to destroy the Lord. Praise the Lord. Because on Mount Si when he started sounding the people said was not even here because it was just like lightning and thunder. Moses had to go and bring it in a platform to them. Praise the Lord. But here he said he's speaking to the people and he's saying blessed blessed are the poor in spirit. Blessed, happy, joyous is the man that is poured in spirit. Glory be to God. Are we together? And as he tell them these things, I believe they are watching him. They are sitting there. The multitude, the Bible says there were multitude. I believe the Pharisees were there, the Sadducees were there, all the groups were there. They were listening. Some of the teachers were there and wondering who what is this man? What is he speaking? Are we together? He was the lawgiver. He said think neither have come to destroy the Lord or what the prophets have taught you. Because you have to remember that every prophet message went back to the Lord. Amen. Every prophet message went back to the Lord. It went back to what Moses gave them. Are we together? Amen. Like I like I've shared with you here before, when David fell and Nathan the prophet came to his house, he told he told uh uh uh uh David, well David, there's a man in the kingdom that had a a lot of sheeps and one day just had one. Nathan was not making up his story. Natan was taking something from the book of Deuteronomy that says when a man steal a sheep he must restore it four times. I shared that with you before. Yeah. Are we together talking about the different between inspiration. So Nathan the story that he built was an inspiration that he took from the law of Moses. Sure. It was not a new message. Sure. He took an inspiration. I need to say something to David to bring him honor conviction. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, maybe it will help you tonight. Let me let me just look right here and show you that. So, uh uh you will go to go to bed tonight and and and you know and keep waking up in your sleep. Praise the Lord. I just I just uh let just uh let me just look right in my note and see if [Music] uh love the Lord. Praise the Lord. Exodus chapter 22. Exodus chapter 22. Exodus chapter 22 verse1 if a man shall steal an ox or a sheep and kill it what did David do he took Uriah wife and killed Uriah's so what Nathan was saying he was right in the law of Moses Are we together? If a man shall steal an ox or a sheep and kill it or sell it, he shall restore five oxen. If it's an ox, he must bring five. If it's a a sheep, he must bring four. That's the reason why Nathan ran a four judgment in in in David's house. Are we together? Amen. So all the all the prophets all the prophets Elijah Campbell when he says build an altar he never said bring 13 stones. He said no 12 stones each stone a tribe. He couldn't bring something different. He had to instruct them in the same word that Moses instructed them. That's the reason why people don't understand the difference between inspiration and interpretation. You don't have a right to interpret God's word. God interpret his own word. When the preacher preach, he preach out of inspiration. Amen. I can be able to take a scripture and dramatize something. Amen. I can give different names to the character. It's not an interpretation. It's an inspiration. Amen. Are we together? Amen. I don't know who's bringing this out of me, but it's wonderful tonight. I'm feeling good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm feeling good. Someone pray for me tonight. Hallelujah. You love the Lord. Amen. So, yeah. So you see that's that's what uh uh uh uh uh Nathan did. He took David's I mean uh Moses command. This is what Moses said in Exodus and he's instructing the people. Now so we see here Jesus said think don't think that that I have come to destroy the Lord. You now have to follow me. You take what I say carry it back to the Lord. Carry it back to the words of Moses and see if I'm not preaching what Moses preach. Okay, I'm not bringing new doctrine here to you. I'm not bringing new message here to you. I I I would I will not leave uh uh I I will not deviate. He says, "Think that I've come to destroy the Lord or the prophet. I am not come to destroy but to fulfill. For verily I say unto you till heaven and earth pass away one J or one T. It's is a J. It's an apostrophe. An apostrophe just a little dot in the Lord. Nothing. He says uh uh uh uh one J shall in no wise from uh uh shall in no wise pass from the Lord till all be fulfilled. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Whosoever therefore shall break one of the least commandment and shall teach men so he shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven. So you see the keeping of the commandment was better than the preaching of it. Brother Bam says let me the sermon and preach me one. Amen. Now how much we can quot it. Amen. How much we can live up to it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because you see here in St. John in in at the beginning when Jesus approached the commandment, he brought it from inside. He was trying to tell the people there is no way your fathers could keep the commandment because they were not converted inside. He said blessed are the poor in spirit inside. Blessed are they that moan inside. For you to moan is an inside feeling. Amen. Amen. If not, you will stand there and you will never cry. You will just have a dry eye confession. But for the person to move it, it it must it must be something some kind of an emotion. Something has gone in their inner being. Amen. And their heart is broken. Amen. So everything that Jesus said, he was talking about the inside. Amen. trying to point to them that uh that's the reason why your fathers couldn't keep the commandment of whatever God said we would they could never do it because why they were not converted from the inside. Amen. Amen. We can wear the long pants and the long skirt and the dresses. If you are not converted from inside, you can never please God. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So it's not all about what brother Brandham say. It's all about what God is doing in your heart. Amen. Amen. Because when God started work in your heart, then what brother Brandham say becomes important to you. Amen. What the pastor say, what the preacher say. Are we together? Are you seeing where we going tonight? Amen. So that's what he was trying to bring to them. For I say unto you that except your righteousness and see the righteousness of the staff and Pharisees. The stri and Pharisee righteousness was just outwe righteousness. It was just outwe the way they dress. Praise the Lord. It was outwe. That's why Jesus was saying your righteousness must go beyond the flesh. It must be something inside. Amen. And that's the way that God deals with you. He deals with you from the inside out. Not from the outside in. Praise the Lord. From the inside is what a man eat. Amen. What goes in a man that's what defy him. Amen. Are we together? I'm I'm trying to run to now. I'm out of time. It's after 9:00. I must let you go. But I just want to set this up so when we come back yet again, you will know exactly where we going with this law giver think. Amen. Amen. I've never come to destroy the Lord. He says, I've come to fulfill it. I've come to bring you the true sense of what God was saying. Remember how I brought you out on eagle wings from the Egyptians? If you will love me and keep my commandments quickly that it was, you know, the prophet said this, the prophet said that. No, fall in love with him. Amen. Starts to think about it. What did what did I do? Amen. For him to pick me up. Amen. Amen. Starts to think about it. Forget about what you can do. Think about what he has done. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. I don't know where this voice of mine is going. Sunday, I I kind of drank something in the office. It just it just ru my voice. Man, I was I was feeling so bad. The preacher that even preach had a good voice. The man that didn't preach. Are we together? Are you seeing where we going tonight? Amen. The Lord gave her has come to bring the true sense of the Lord to us. If you look at everything that Jesus said in the biatitude, they were all things that is from the inside. All things that from the inside. You love the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. I mean, we should be grateful. We should be happy people. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We should be happy people. And people um young people, children that learn, learn to just love God. Learn to think about his goodness. Think about his love. Think about the things that he has brought you through. Because when that struck home, Yeah. When that thing strikes home, forget about it. There's nothing that you go through. Are we together? Amen. You can't practice holiness. You can't practice righteousness. No, you can't. And as you continue to appreciate God, you are yielding yourself. Amen. Amen. You are borrowing him your body. Amen. You are giving your youthfulness to him. Amen. Amen. You are giving your singleness to him. You are giving your your your h family life to him. Amen. That you are not you are not just overtaken by the family, but you you know that he's there. You are not overtaken by what? You know that he's there. And then God can step in your body. Amen. And then you say like the Apostle Paul, it's no longer I that live. Amen. Christ that live in me. Musicians, you can come for tonight. Let's just let's just sing the song. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Amen. You love the Lord tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thing about his [Music] love. Let's stand on our feet tonight. Think about his glory. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that brought you through. For as high as the heaven above, so great is the measure of our father's love. Great is the measure of the father's glor. Let's try that again. Think about his love and think about his goodness. Think about his way that has brought you joy. Go as high as the heaven above. So great is the measure of our father's [Music] love. Great is the measure of the father's law. One more time now. Think about his love and think about his [Music] goodness. Think about his grace that brought you through. For as high as the heaven above, so great is the measure of our father. [Music] Lord, great is the measure of our father's love. One more time now. Take about his love. Oh, take about his law. Thank you Lord and think about his [Music] goodness. Think about his grace that has brought you through. But as far as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's glor. Great is the measure of the father's glor. Hallelujah. Love the Lord tonight. Great is the measure of the father's love. Think about his love. Think about his mercy. Think about his grace that pick us up from wherever we were. It's a wonderful thing. For as high as the heaven that b, so great is the measure of our father. Lord, great is the measure of the father's glor. Let's sing this chorus and then uh we'll be dismissed. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you tonight, Lord. Oh, God. Not not intending to preach, Lord. We just we just want to bring thanksgiving to you for blessing us on the weekend. Lord God, the preacher did his work and it's our work to come and bring thanksgiving. But Father, Lord, and uh just just looking in your word and seeing, oh God, the beautiful, beautiful picture. You the Lord giver. You step down in flesh. You say, "I I'm going to show the people what I was saying to them. I will show the children what I would I was showing to their fathers. What the fathers did not catch. I've come and revealed it to the children." And you came down. You step on the mountain, Lord. You say, "I've never come to destroy the Lord. I've come to fulfill it. [Music] We love you tonight. We appreciate you. We glorify you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The love of God, it's so wide. I can't get It's so hard I can't get over it. It's so wide. I can't get around it. But Jesus, it's so wonderful. It's so wonderful. Oh, wonderful. Can I sing that again? Oh, the love of Jesus. It is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus, it is so wonderful. Oh wonderful. Oh, so high. I can't get nobody. I can't get all the pain that is I can't get around it. Oh wow. I can do what it is. I can't I can't get around it. Wonderful. The love of Jesus. Love Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, the love of Jesus. He's so wonderful. Oh, what a wonderful. Oh, hallelujah. He's so high. I can't get over him. So, I can't get over and I can't get around. Oh, what a wonder. Oh, yeah. So high is so high. I got you. I got you. And so I will never get around. Oh wonderful. One more time now. Yeah. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. The love of Jesus is so wonderful. Oh, how wonderful. Oh, yes. I will never get over I can never get this. I will never get around it. What a wonderful girl is so high is so high. You will never get over it. It's so low. You will never get under it. It's so wild. You can never get around it. Oh, what a wonderful. I say it's so high. It's so high. You will never get over my head. is so you would never get me on the so you can never get around the wonder. I said it's so high so high. You can never get over so you can never get another you can never get around it. Oh wow. [Music] [Music] Wonderful. The Lord bless you. I see you on Sunday. Oh yes. And this can never get around it.
