################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-27 - 102625 Sunday Communion Service Pastor Bloteh Won - The Sea Of Glass - Bloteh.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-27
Title:   10/26/25 Sunday Communion Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Sea Of Glass
Speaker: Bloteh
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MG11mJ0dKsg
========================================

Here is the cry of the sh from the onset of time from the chains. Hands of the feet. There's no key. See the tears of the broken, the cries of the slave. There is no one worthy to set us free. Sing worthy. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy. The lamb thou will slave. Worthy, worthy, worthy. The lamb thou was slain. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Hallelujah. Praise him. Praise the lamb. Thou will slave. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise the Lamb. Thou will slay. Do you praise him? Praise him. Praise him. Praise the lamb that was slain. Can we try the first verse? Hear the cry of the shackle from the warm sad of time from the chains of the feet. The air is no key. See the tears of the broken and the cry of the slave. There's no one worthy to set us free. Sing worthy, worthy, worthy, worthy. The lamb thou will slay. Praise thee. Praise thee. You're free. Praise the lamb that will save. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise the Lamb that was slain. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh worthy, worthy, worthy. The lamb thou will slave. Amen. And can we give God a hand of praise? Should we all sing together? Have you he my wers are holy. to the past be. Oh gentle save. will save you my love. Oh, I for you to pass me Let's be at that throne. Let me th of mercy. I the sweet on me for my for let us be cry. Oh save. Oh save. You are on the ground. I call you now. Savior. Savior. Savior. Oh, save you. My my th I call you to Oh, good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's stand on our feet and uh sing a song of who we just go right into what we want to do tonight as we just trust the Lord to be able to if you would like to stand on the feet that would be wonderful. Amen. Let's sing that song. U Are you watching the blood? Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Let's sing that tonight. Oh, have you been to Jesus for the cleansing? Are you washing the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting his power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you watching the blood? Oh, in the soul cleansing blood of the land. I your spotless I be white as no more. Are you watching the blood of the lamb? Are you walking daily by the savior side? Are you walk in the blood of the lamb? Do you rest each man in Christ? Are you walk in the blood of the lamb? Oh, are you in the blood? Oh, in the soul painting blood of the lamb. I go in white. I know. Are you in the blood of the lamb? And when the bride roll will your soul become good and wide in the blood of the lamb. Will your soul be ready for the passion rise? Anyone in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you watching the blood? Oh, in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. I go for and soul are you one in the blood of the latest garments that I see with washing the blood of the lamb. Yes, of glory for the soul of clean and be watching the blood of God. Oh yes, I wash in the blood in the souling blood of the lamb. And I goes for sacrifice. I are you wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, are you in the blood? In the soul things of glory. I go unless I be white. my soul. Are you watching the blood of the lamb? I know he was the one. I know he was the one. I know he was the father for me. I was lost. He died upon the cross. I know he was the love for me. Yes, I know he was the I know he was the I know he was the one for me. One day when I was he died on the cross and I knew it was the blood. Oh, I know. Yes, I know it was the blood. I knew he was the blood. I know it was the blood of me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood. One more time now. Oh yes, I know he was the blood. I know he was the blood. I know he was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross and I know he was up for me. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Yes. Thank you, Lord. Yes. I know it was the Lord for me. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We have a prayer lead here that we we want you want to take to the board and uh we will use there to just u pray and then go right into changing the order of the service tonight. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Oh, thank you Jesus. This is from sister. My knees shaking and has had at least three seizures in the last two weeks. She was hospitalized for a couple of nights and the doctors ran test but we still don't know what is causing the seizure. Please keep her in your praise. Amen. Let's uh let's just go to the Lord for tonight and with my with my hands. Lift it all. Blessing. Yes. And with your heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, with my hands lifted up and my mouth feeling praise. with a heart of thanksgiving. Amen. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. I will bless thee, oh Lord. With a heart of thanksgiving, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh yes, I will bless thee, oh Lord. Oh, I will bless thee, oh Lord, with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh one more time. With my hands lifted up. Oh, with my hands lifted up. And my mouth filled with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord, with my hands lifted up. Yes, Lord. And my mouth with praise with a heart of thanksgiving. I will bless thee, oh Lord. Let's go to the Lord in prayer this evening. Let's bring bring thanksgiving. Let's bring worship to the Lord tonight. Let's uh uh just appreciate him for giving us this time together. And uh we want to lift our voices. We want to call and just uh appreciate him tonight. I would tell you that uh the Lord has been good to us. He's been gracious to us since since this morning just coming into the building. such a spirit of prayer and worship has just uh I just hang over the place and and even after the service and God take care uh some of the saints uh praying and and just waiting on the Lord and and Jerry said we can come right back into the atmosphere tonight that just uh uh use that opportunity to give thanks to the Lord tonight. Let's give him thanks. Let's just appreciate him. Let's worship him. and uh appreciate him for how good he is to us, his loving kindness, his mercy. Children, young people, let's pray and uh let's appreciate the Lord. Speak to the Lord and uh and give thanks to him. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we are coming, oh God. Yes, Lord, with our hands lifted up, oh Father God, our hearts lifted up, we lift our hands up onto the hills, welcome our help tonight, oh Father God. Oh precious Lord, we come in as your people, Lord God, just standing in the gap, Lord. Father God, tonight, oh Father, we say thank you, Lord, we say thank you, oh God, Lord. Thank you that Father, you have put upon our hearts, Lord. Oh God, that we can gather together this evening, oh Father, Lord, and lift our voices to you, Father. We thank you, oh God. We thank you for your goodness, oh Lord Jesus. We thank you for your love and for your mercy, oh God. Oh father, what an awesome God you are, Lord. Blessed be your holy name, oh God. Thank you, oh father, for sustaining our lives, oh God. Thank you for watching over us, oh father. Lord, thank you for the many battles you fight on what we behave. Oh God, thank you for your faithfulness. Oh Lord Jesus Christ. Oh eternal God, we give you the praise tonight. Lord, we give you the glory tonight. Oh father, Lord Jesus, oh almighty God, we lift your name in the highest, oh father. And Lord, we say there's no one, oh God, like unto you, oh father. Lord, thou the lover of our souls, Lord. Oh my God, you are the lover of our God father. Lord Jesus, the one oh God that have drawn us to yourself. Almighty father, we thank you Lord. Oh God, we thank you father for every heart. Oh God, that is in your presence this evening. Oh Lord, we thank you father. Oh Jehovah, blessed be your name, Lord. Thank you father for every family God. Thank you, oh Lord, for every brother, every sister, oh God, even our young people, oh father, even our children, oh God. We thank you, oh father, almighty God, with our hearts lifted up, Lord. Oh precious Lord, we just want to appreciate you tonight, Lord. We say, oh father, what an excellent God you are. What a wonderful father you are, Jesus. Oh precious Lord with a heart of thanksgiving. Oh Father Lord. Oh we want to be thankful to God Father for your blessings Lord. We want to be thankful oh God father. Oh Lord for all the things that you have achieved in our lives. We want to be thankful, oh father, Lord, that we have a body, oh God, and a assembly, Lord, that we can associate with Father, Lord, that we can come together, Lord, oh God, to represent, oh God, Father, you almighty God, we want to be thankful, Lord, we want to express our gratitude to you tonight. I thank you for the people of God you have placed around us so far, Lord. Oh God to minister to us. Oh Lord, thank you for the faith for ministering. Oh God, thank you Lord Jehovah. Oh God for the presence, oh Lord of the Holy Ghost. Oh father, we thank you Lord. Oh Jehovah God. Yes my Lord for the angels of the Lord that is come about us. Oh father, blessed be your name, oh God this evening. Blessed be your name, oh father, this evening. Blessed be your name, oh savior divine this evening, oh God, we worship you. Yes mighty lord we thank you oh father in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh eternal God. Father you are our rock oh God. You are our rock. You are our defense oh Lord. Father yes oh God we praise you Lord. We glorify your name this evening. Thank you precious Lord. Oh hallelujah sweet Jesus Christ. Oh father we love you. We appreciate you oh God. We glorify your holy name oh God. We magnify your holy name tonight Jesus. Oh precious Lord. Oh hallelujah God. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh thank you father. Thank you, King of Glory, Lord. Thank you, King of glory, Jesus. What an awesome God you are, Father. What a wonderful Savior, divine you are, Lord. Thank you, precious Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we love you tonight. We love you tonight, oh God. Yes, Lord. Father Jesus, we just love you. What a wonderful savior you are, Father. Yes, Lord God. Thank you precious Lord for watching over our going out and coming in Lord. Thank you Father Lord for blessing this place. Oh God, Father Lord every time we come Lord God Jesus you meet with us here father Lord thank you for oh God father the environment Lord God. Oh we just appreciate you tonight oh God. Father we thank you precious Lord God for the message of the hour Lord God. Thank you for the prophet messenger Lord Father. Oh God, Father Jesus, we just glorify your name tonight. Lord, what an excellent God you are, Father. What a wonderful Savior, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, hallelujah, Lord. Yes, oh God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord. Heavenly Father we appreciate it's you. Oh heavenly father we appreciate you. Do you feel like that tonight? Oh yes. Heavenly Father, we appreciate it's you. Oh, we love you. We adore you. And father before you heavenly father we appreciate you. I want us to pray tonight in uh with this prayer need that uh uh our sister uh rise tonight of that little child shaking that is having uh seizures faith and uh with some of us uh that know what the family been going through and the parents and the rest of the siblings of they were shaking. We just want to once again just uh uh bring their need before the Lord. We want we want to thank the Lord. I saw the uh father and mother in service this morning. But we just uh want to just commit them in the hands of the Lord, the entire family as we pray for this little baby that God uh we just we just step in and uh whatever that is triggering that in in her life that God will rebuke it tonight. We just want to come against it that uh the Lord God will stand on behalf of them. God will just be merciful. you will help both the father and mother s and I that God will just help them and in their walk with him and in the area that they need him the rest of the siblings of shaking that we will just commit him in the hands of the Lord. So let's just pray tonight and whether you might not know the family but it's family that that is in need. So we just want to ask the Lord if we can just make mention of them tonight while we pray together. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, oh precious Lord, we just want to thank you, Father, that God, we can take this time, oh God, precious Lord, to lift them up into your hands, oh father God, precious Lord Jesus, you know what a time it has been, oh father God, Lord, oh precious Lord Jesus, we pray that God, you would be merciful, Father. Lord I pray oh father God tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus that little baby oh God father oh precious Lord Jesus father I pray oh God that Lord you would just oh father gas stepping in whatever Lord God that is triggering there in your health in the name of Jesus Christ oh father this evening Satan the church of the living God come against you we rebuke you the Lord rebuke the Satan in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, we will ask, Lord, that your mercy, oh God, would be, Father, Lord God, with the parents, Lord, you will help them, Lord God. I know, Father, it's been, Lord God, a tough time for them, oh Lord. But God, Father, you are our defense, oh Lord. Oh God, you are father, Lord Jesus. I we pray tonight, oh God, that you would just help them, oh father, Lord, help the rest, Lord God, of shaking our siblings, oh God, as we commit them into your hands tonight, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father, all eternal God, and the entire family, Lord. Oh God, all the loved ones, the aunties, the all the ones that is attached to the family that's being affected, Lord God, by everything that is going on, we pray we lift them up into your hands, oh God, Father. Oh, precious Lord Jehovah God. Lord, Father, we might be different in our views, Lord, but when it comes to lives, Lord God, when lives are involved, oh Father, we drop down, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, our petty differences and Father God, we put our our our shoulder to the floor tonight and say, "Oh, God, be merciful, Father. Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, we just thank you, Father. We thank you, oh God, we appreciate you, oh Lord, for all your goodness and mercy, oh Father. Lord God having Lord with everything Lord that is going around the country of God. Children separated from their parents Lord Father God. Lord some is by all by the weight of death. Oh father God some Lord Jesus by the way of div. So Father Lord and almighty God we just Lord Father stand tonight Lord God this is not a unique case. So Lord Father it's oh God the things we hear about Lord. Oh God, in the things that are happening, Lord, Father God, in our present word, we say, Oh God, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God, we just ask that, Lord God, you be merciful. What an awesome God you are, Father. Lord, blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name tonight. Blessed be your holy name tonight, Jesus. Oh, thank you, Father. We love you, God. We appreciate you, Lord. Yes, Savior Divine, we just thank you. Oh, Father, thank you Lord. Thank you, precious Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I have another need that I want us to bring to the Lord tonight with thanksgiving. And uh this morning uh leaving from church, I went down to to see uh Sister Elizabeth that uh uh Sister Aris mom and I just talked to her a little bit and check on her and she's doing well and she told me she says uh uh I've been preparing myself to get back to church. If I can be able to go for doctor appointment, I should be able to go to church. And uh so just pray for me and uh greet the church and uh and uh and when not being around the home, you would not know what it is for us. But uh I think that's a big step. And uh and we just want to thank God and that's what I want us to do tonight. I just thank the Lord for uh uh helping Sister Elizabeth through this. It's been difficult for her. It's been difficult for us, but we just want to give thanks tonight for how his grace is helping us. And I also hear the grace of God is helping Sister Fatu as she's recovering. that just give thanks and and appreciate the Lord that the Lord would just continue to to just move among his people and uh uh and just and just uh uh let's just bring text tonight that God would just uh strengthen strengthen uh uh sister's bed and and uh he would just have his way just just like we said this morning like the word of the Lord if if God can just drop that in our heart knowing that it is not the word of God for us to be in in horrible state but he allow it for his glory and uh so we just want to thank him that uh he's going to bring glory out of our situation he's going to bring glory he's going to bring testimony out of our situation as I thought about that uh I was also thinking about uh let's let's also pray and and give thanks also for um remember sister Christie mother and dad and uh uh her father's been down in his health and and her mom being standing in the gap and taking care of her husband and uh uh it's also been tough. Those are things that we don't plan for. Those are things there is no way we can we can make better plans for them. But uh we want to thank the Lord for strength that he's giving every day to our sister to be able to take care of her husband. So we just want to bring these things to the Lord tonight with thanksgiving. Let's pray in Jesus name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we just want we are breaking text to you tonight, Father, and we pray to God in the name of Jesus. Oh, Father God, we ask that Lord Jehovah, you God, Father, our refuge. You are our strength. You are our presenting help in time of trouble, Lord. Oh, Father, God, Lord, you are the one Lord that has divided our lots, oh God. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh God, precious Lord, we thank you, oh Father, we thank you for all of these different ones, Lord God, faith that you have placed in their heart to hold onto you, oh God, until the promise, Lord, is manifested, Lord Jesus. So God, we thank you, oh Father. Lord. Yeah. Oh, for blessing, oh God. Father, Sister Fatu, as she recover, Lord. Thank you for Sister Kelly, Lord. She going to go back to work, Lord, without no restriction. Father, Lord, we thank you, precious Lord. Oh God, for what you're doing, oh Father, Daddy and Sister Lis help, almighty God, Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for what you're doing. Oh God, father, Lord God, in breath, Lord, we know that God, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, oh precious Lord, we just love you tonight. All of our loved ones, oh God, all of our relations, Lord, Father, God, that are suffering one thing or another in their body, Lord. Oh, it never took you by surprise, oh God. Father Lord you said Lord Jesus Christ sometimes oh father God it's not because the perry have seen oh Lord all the young men but that God will be glorified Lord we say bring glory Lord God father Lord to your name out of their health situation oh God whatever situation oh father your children Lord are dealing with precious Lord oh father we lift your name oh God we give you the praise we give you the glory Glory. We give you the honor, Father God. Awesome God, we thank you tonight. Oh Jesus, we thank you, oh God, tonight, Father. Yes. Oh Lord God. Oh hallelujah Jesus. Oh precious Lord Father God. Yes Lord Jesus. It reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and they flow to the Lord's valley. Oh, the thy gave me strength from day to day. It will never never lose his power. We want to continue leadership of the Holy Spirit and uh so we want to just pray from uh the ministry, the pastor, our deacons, trustees and every family uh that the Lord will cross your mind tonight if you want to mention them by name that just prayed and uh every brother, every sister that God would just uh breathe upon We are dedicating ourselves with this uh tabernacle with whatever God is doing at this address 6900 Humble Avenue. We are saying Lord we want to be to your service Lord. Father, we we want to we want to help you build the memorial that you are building at this place. Oh God, Father, Lord, we want to put our shoulder to the wheels. Help us, Lord. Give us the burden in whichever way. Precious Lord, I just want us to lift these in the hands of God that this place will be a soul harbor. The presence of God will will just deal with us. He will consume us. He will have his word in our midst. He will heal the sick. &gt;&gt; He will save our young people. Give them the Holy Ghost. The spirit of conviction, not just association, but conviction will come upon us. Let's pray together as we lift ourself with the church in the hands of God. Heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus, we come, oh precious Lord, Father, once again, oh God, just asking that Father, you will help us, Lord. Lord, we thank you, oh God, you have kept these doors open, oh Father, Lord. Father, you said in your word, I will build my church, oh God, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it, Father. Lord God. Oh precious Lord. So we thank you for all you have been doing. Oh God. Father. Lord. Oh God. It looks like oh God a generation is changing upon us. Oh God. And father Lord God. Father a new generation is rising up. Oh God. Father. But Lord we don't want it to be Lord God. A generation that would rise and don't know you Father. Lord we pray. Oh God. Almighty Father. Deal with us. Oh God, deal with us in our homes. Deal with us in our family. Lord, oh God, let oh father the love of God. Let oh God the word of God. Oh father, Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord deal with the people. Oh God, Father that it will affect the life of the little ones. Oh God, they will see their parents praying. Oh God. Oh father, Lord Jesus Christ, reading the word. Oh God, reconciling with one another. Almighty God, we pray tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh father, oh God, we are glad to be part of whatever you are doing Lord around this place. Whatever father God you are doing in our midst, we are glad to be part of the Lord. Father, oh God, we rejoice in the Lord Jesus. We identify with it. Oh God, Father, almighty God, we pray. Oh Lord. Oh father, bring the entire assembly under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Oh God, forgive us, oh Lord. Father, Lord Jehovah God. Lord, oh Father, for our negligence, oh Lord Jesus, forgive us, oh Father, Lord. Oh God, our slothfulness, oh Father, Lord God, we pray that Lord, you will bring us an awakening, Lord. Father, something that will awaken us to the hour, Lord God, and the time that we are living in, oh father, Lord, oh God, we can get the sense of danger that is all around us, oh father God, and run to the city of refuge and run to the name of Jesus Christ. Oh father I pray let it be oh God precious Lord Jesus help oh God father every brother Lord God father Lord help us in our walk Lord God help us in our attitudes oh father Lord oh God precious Lord oh father help every sister as well Lord God oh father in their responsibilities almighty God their devotion Lord father to you oh Lord God oh Lord Jesus Jesus, we giving it to you precious Lord. Even our little ones, oh Father God, even our little ones, Lord Jesus, like Moses said, we are not leaving the little ones behind. Oh father, we pray that Lord, you will give them an experience. We pray, oh God, nor association will not be sufficient. Lord God, they need a birth, Lord. Father, send us a birth. Lord God, from the pulpit to the people, Father, let the Holy Ghost, let the spirit of the Lord just bring conviction, Lord God. Oh father, we love you. Father, we thank you. Lord, we appreciate you, oh God. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Yes Lord, forgive us, oh God, of all of our wrongs. Forgive us, oh father, Lord God Jesus. Oh precious Lord, convict our heart to God. Father, cleanse our lives, oh Lord God. Oh sweet Jesus, we pray oh God. Oh father, we pray oh Lord. Oh yes we pray. Thank you Lord. Let's play sweep over my soul. Sweep for my soul. Oh sweet home for oh my soul. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes oh father. Lord cleanse us oh God. Father every uncleanness Lord Jesus. Oh father God. Every filthiness Lord. Father God. Every habit Lord Jesus. Oh God. Precious Lord. Father. Yes. Almighty God. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh, we thank you Lord. We are laying our hands on our sacrifice tonight Lord. Yes, oh Father, we thank you. Yes, Lord sweet Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God. Oh sweet home, oh my soul, let's stand on our feet, please. &gt;&gt; Sweet, sweet home. for my soul soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. Oh my rest is complete. I sing at your feet. Oh sweet. &gt;&gt; Father, we want to thank you Lord also God. Precious Lord we want to bless your name and thank you Father for helping Sister Carol. Lord God, Lord Jesus, oh Father God, we just thank you precious Lord. Oh God, that blood pressure, Father God, not being able to get sleep, Lord Jesus, only you know God, Father, what your children goes through their body. But we are so grateful, Father, Lord. Oh God, for your grace helping on Lord Jesus. And Father, we just thank you, oh God, Father, once again, that we can have this time together, Lord God, as we come and just sit to Lord God, Father, and commune with you, oh, and just commute with you, Lord. and say, "Father, we love you. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father. Lord, thank you, Lord God. Yes, Lord. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Oh, my rest is complete. What I say as you feel sweet spirit, sweet over my soul. Father, we are so grateful, Lord. Almighty God, we will feel now, Lord God, to remember this city, Lord God. broken center. Father, Lord, this city in Minneapolis, Lord God, Father, our state, Lord, Minnesota, Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, just seeing the challenges, oh God, Father, around the entire nation, Lord God, you ask us to pray, to God, Father, and taught us to pray that Lord God, we can have a sense of peace, Lord, to be able to go in and come out, Lord, be together and fellowship like this. Oh God, Father, Lord God, all the shooting, killing around, the violence, oh God, the drugs, Lord, Father God, that is beginning to consume this city, the homelessness, oh Father, Lord God. Oh, Father, we just say be merciful, Lord. Be merciful, Father God. Lord Jesus, we just pray. Oh God, precious Father, Lord God. Yes, Lord. the grace, the opportunity you have given us, Lord Father, to be able to stand in the gap, Lord, and say, "Oh God, be merciful, Father. Lord, we say, God, be merciful, Father. Lord Jesus, all the violence, oh God, Father, Lord, we committing it into your hands, oh Lord, Father. Oh, blessed be your holy name, oh God. We pray for the bride of Jesus Christ. Pray, oh father God, for every local assembly, Lord God, Father, in this city, Lord Jesus, and even little God, Father, the small ones that are all sprinking here and there in their homes, oh Father, we commit them into your hands. So Lord, it's your children, Lord. Father, longing to serve you, making choices, oh God, we just pray that Lord God, you will help us, Lord. Help us to get ready for the home glory. Lord, help us to get ready for the rapture, Lord Jesus. Almighty God, Father, not to settle down here, Lord God. Oh father Lord not to build capsule Lord God build groups for ourself Lord but to unload ourself empty ourself out oh God father oh this home glory time father we just love you tonight we love you tonight oh god we love you tonight Jesus yes oh god father yes lord sweet spirit sweet over my soul. Wonderful father, thank you for this moment Lord. Thank you for this time that all we have to just spend with our heads Lord. Father we are there before you. every unspoken prayer request, Lord, spoken prayer needs in the hearts of your children. Oh, Father God, if we just give the time, Lord, Father, for people to pour out their hearts, Lord, we could spend the rest of the evening tonight. But we just thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. We we pray constantly pray that you would deal with us, Lord. Father, deal with us, oh God. Father, Lord, with us, Lord Jesus. We love you tonight. We appreciate you, Father. We read a portion of your word now. We will ask your blessing upon you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. So, so I cherish The old broken cross I must to the rocket And this church has someday for so I cherish the or by trophy. Our lives shall lay down. I will plead to the old rock at cross and this changes someday. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you. Let's stand on our feet. We'll turn to Revelation chapter 15. Let's turn to Revelation chapter 15. I just read a little portion of the word and then uh we will close up on a few things we wanted to say this morning. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Thank you for having this time. You know, you look in the you look in the scripture, you look around, you know, uh there were there were a lot of principle thing God did in half of an hour. And there that is uh the seventh seal of half of an hour. Amen. &gt;&gt; So I mean the Lord bless us tonight. We were able to pray for half of an hour. So that's good. Amen. Praise the Lord. Maybe another time you will take us to one hour. Amen. And uh Revelation chapter 15 tonight. I will read verse one and you read verse two. And then this it's eight verses. So let's just read um through the eight verses tonight and you can have the comfort of your seat. And I saw another sign in heaven great and marvelous. Seven angels having the seven lives pl in them is filled up. For in them is filled up the wrath of God. And they sank the song of Moses, the servant of God, and a song of the Lamb, saying, "Great and marvelous are thy works, Lord God Almighty, just in truth. either ways. Thou king of saints glorify all nations worship. &gt;&gt; And after that I looked and behold the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was open. temple. &gt;&gt; And one of the four beasts gave unto the seven angels, seven bowling bars full of the wrath of God who live forever and ever. And the temple was filled with smoke from the glory of God and from the power that no man was able to enter into the temple till the seven or the seven. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. So we see here uh in uh in verse two, and I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire. This morning we talked about a seat of glass like crystal and uh and and yet here we see that the seat of glass is here again with fired. So something different is going on tonight and I just thought that we can we run through that quickly and uh and then we change the order of the service. So we still talking about a seed of glass and uh which uh from the Old Testament it was a sea of brass uh uh but in the New Testament uh uh yet it's called the sea of glass and before the throne it was uh like crystal clear like crystal praise the lord &gt;&gt; and yet we see now we have another we have the seed of glass here that is mingled up with fire now listen to verse too, then you would get the picture. You get the picture if you if you just uh follow it a little bit. And I saw as it were a sea of glass mingled with fire. And them that had gotten the victory over the beast. Them that have gotten the victory over the beast. This is the beast system. Amen. That's the beast system of Revelation chapter 17 18, 13, 17, 18. those that have gotten uh power, victory over the beast and over his image and over his mark which is those that overcome the mark of the beast. So with that reading the setting tell us here this is after the tribulation. You get the picture. Amen. Because these ones right here uh they have gotten victory over the beast and over his image and over his mark and over the number of his name. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now we have overcome that by the knowledge of the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; We know what it is. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. But there will be a people that will literally go through experiencing resisting the mark of the beast and uh and and I think they are the one that are in the picture here. Are we together? So uh uh they overcome the image, they overcome his mark, they overcome the number of his name and stand on the sea of br the sea of glass. Sorry. Having the halves of God. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. So uh that's that's what we want to look at. There were there were a few things we left this morning. This was part of our our morning exitation. So, we just want to go right back there quickly. I told the uh the young people to to get back to my notes. So, let's let's take up uh Revelation chapter 4, throne of mercy. If you look at the arrangement, they are having one, two. So, uh this morning we read one. So this evening, let's let's go let's take two of of that quote and let's let's read. Now I saw as it was a sea of glass mingle with fire. That's that's that's what that's that is the attraction here this morning. The attraction was the sea of glass like crystal this evening. The attraction is the sea of glass that is mega with fire. That's what we want to look at. And now, and they that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the over the number of his name, stood on the seat of glass, having halves of God, and they sang the song, they sang the song of Moses, the servant of God. Oh, do you see it? Tribulation period. Now, one of the thing also too that will help us to be able to bring it into context when you go back to verse one, I saw another angel. I saw another sign in heaven. Great and marvelous. Seven angel having the last seven plagues. Amen. Having the last seven plagues filled with the wrath of God. So, it's a period of judgment. It's a time of judgment. Plagues, wrath of God, a time of judgment. So that gave us gave us a picture here. So you see here that in this time of judgment in this time of tribulation there is one thing that is going to bring these people out. They are going to have the sea of the sea of glass mixed with fire. Why mess with fire? Because there is no blood. Because there is no blood. What has happening here in the real context? The rapture has already taken place. &gt;&gt; So there is no blood. So which mean they have to go through it by the testimony of their faith. They have to stand for what they know is right. And you see the thing about it then is there are the uh uh uh there are there are there are hundreds millions of people out there. You see just like the time of Elijah those sons of the prophet knew that Elijah was going to be raptured but they were not part of the rapture. They told Elisha and you know yourself your your master will be taken away. And so there are many many uh uh people good Christians that are that are that are uh believing the rapture. We know the phenomenon that took place there in South Africa with bunch of people claiming the hell and say the rapture was going to take place sometime in in September. And so there are many people that they get different concept and different teaching of the rapture. And in the midst of that there are also good uh people living dedicated clean decent Christian life. But you see they have now been exposed to the message of the hour like you have been. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I I I don't think I don't think any one of us that have come under the message of the hour must desire to go through this because you have access to the blood. &gt;&gt; You have access to the bleeding word. &gt;&gt; You have access to a word that can be able to deliver you, that can be able to cleanse you, that can be able to to help you to overcome whatever we are dealing with. &gt;&gt; We have a word. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; But you see this now is for this group of people. They have never have access to this great truth, but they know enough Bible truth. Amen. To be able to resist the beast system. Are we together? &gt;&gt; When we saw our representation this morning, our representation was in the the the the the four beasts around the throne. That's our representation. Amen. That's our representation. There's a brother that sent out pastor sent out a quote this morning and where brother Brand says uh uh you know he's talking about uh I'm standing he says I'm standing behind the pit with the Bible open. He says the closest place to heaven. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; This message has come to bring us into heavenly places. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; You see, so our position, our representation is the sea of glass like crystal. That's our place. So this uh this the this this anointing, let me say it that way. His anointing are here to influence us to look at the sea of glass. Don't look at what people are saying at about you, but look at the sea of glass. See your reflection. See what reflection God have in his word for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes. another group of people that are going to to stand on the seat of glass, mingle with fire. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me let me just show you uh a little bit here. Um uh &gt;&gt; you love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. And uh let me just uh let me let me show you something here that will that will kind of bring it out a little bit. Now you remember Paul Paul was speaking Paul was speaking over in uh uh uh speaking to uh the Corinthians. Uh let me u sorry this just came to my mind. So let me see if I can uh just get right in there and see if uh Okay. 1 Corinthians chapter 3. 1 Corinthians chapter 3. First Corinthians chapter 3. Let's read from verse nine quickly. For we are laborers together with God. Ye are God's husbandry. Ye are God's building. Now remember we were talking about maker and builder. Abraham looking for the city maker and builder. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So he's saying that you are God's building. So u uh uh verse 10. according to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise master builder. I have laid the foundation and another man buildeth there on. Let but let every man take heed how he buildth their own. For another for other foundation can no man lay than that is laid which is Jesus Christ. Paul in Hebrews said Abraham was looking for the city that had a foundation. Amen. So that foundation is Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; And uh so let's look at this now. Every man works shall be made manifest. For the day shall declare it, because it shall be revealed by fire, &gt;&gt; and the fire shall try every man work of what sought it is. Praise the Lord. Listen to this now. If any man work a bond which he have built there on, he shall receive a reward. If any man work shall be burned, he shall suffer lust, but he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire. So I we will get back to the glass being up with fire because that's what is taking place here. Whatever he was doing, if it is not according to the plan of God, it will be lost. But he will be saved by fire. &gt;&gt; Okay. Now, so let's let's watch now and see here uh verse 16. Know ye now that ye are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelt in you? If if uh if any man Where am I? &gt;&gt; Okay. Okay. If any man uh uh if any man defy the temple of God, he shall be destroyed. For the temple of God is holy. Which temple ye are? Are we together? Okay. Okay. Just stay just stay right there with me. Just stay right there with me. And just stay right there with me. Uh now, so Paul here is trying to bring something out that that will kind of explain this thing that we want to look at. Uh let's look at uh uh chapter 12. No, chapter 3. Sorry. 1 Corinthians chapter 3. Is that where we were reading just? How did I jump over this? &gt;&gt; Okay, I jump over verse 12. That is verse 12 I was looking for. Sorry. Let's read verse 11 again. For on the foundation can no man lay then that is laid which is Jesus Christ. Verse 12. For if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver and precious stones. Now gold, silver and precious stones are God-given. &gt;&gt; Okay. So Paul is saying if any man build using God's gift, Fire cannot consume gold. It makes it brighter. &gt;&gt; Fire purify silver. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Fire purify precious stones. They are godgiving. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; And then he says that uh any man go savor precious stones but wood wood is manmade. Men cut down the tree and make wood. Men make hill. Amen. Men make stables. So what Paul is doing here is that he says every man work will be tried whether it's of God or is of man. If it is of man, the fire of God will burn the wood. &gt;&gt; It will turn to ashes. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; The man will will lost the the the labor. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; But he will be saved by fire. &gt;&gt; Are you getting the concept? &gt;&gt; Are you seeing it? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that that is that is the place where h as we look at this uh uh uh sea of glass may go with fire. uh uh uh it it help us to be able to see that brother Brandham is saying these people come through the tribulation. The people that came through the tribulation that will come through the tribulation most of them will be people of this kind that are doing the work of God never being able to grab the move of God of their day. Never being able to see the message of the hour but they love God. They they are winning. So they they are doing things for the kingdom of God. Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Were not able to make the bride to make the rapture and suddenly they realized they left here. But yet that that zero of God is in their heart and they know that no I will not give into the mark of the beast. I will not I will stand for God. If I have to die, let me die. Are you seeing it? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So they will have to go through the fire. They will have to go through the tribulation and then they come on the other side standing on the word of God, standing on the sea of glass. But it was me God with fire. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. You and myself have the privilege to stand on the seed of glass like crystal. &gt;&gt; It's like crystal. A prophet is is LETTING US TO LOOK INSIDE and see what is there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; A prophet comes AND TELL YOU THAT GOD TOOK A picture of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You know, way false says something one time. He says he says uh he says I'm glad that he choose me before the foundation of the world because if he was see me now he would change his mind. Praise the Lord. We know that God don't change his mind. But uh you know it's a kind of a himorous statement with lot of gratitude in it. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; You see so and and the reason why we saying that is not just to bring you a knowledge of the word is for us to realize what a privileged people we are. &gt;&gt; We can't sit around and play church. with all of these truth that has been given to us. We can't you can't sit around and place church. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; We sit right in church and then we we we are in church but yet we are backsliding. &gt;&gt; We don't have a prayer life. We don't have a a response to the word. We are just there. Brother says if we just knew how many people are are perishing right in the pills. &gt;&gt; So to to to realize the privilege that we have this anointing comes message after message and say look look into the crystal see your REFLECTION SEE WHAT GOD thinks about you see what God you know what what what he says about you. Let me read this and then I get out of this. Amen. So you so you seen the picture. You see what makes the difference. &gt;&gt; Amen. What makes the seed of glass with fire and while the other one revelation 4 is crystal. Amen. You see the difference. One is before the tribulation. One is after the tribulation. That's the picture I wanted to bring to you tonight. Let's let let's let me read this and then uh uh we close here. You love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord, church. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm sure I'm not uh preaching alone and everybody is at home. I think I can see people here. Sit on Ed and see what brother B says here. He says uh they were saved in God's pavilion. They were alive. They had no death around them. Hallelujah. They had perfect love one for another. Perfect life forever. They had perfect love, perfect understanding of the love of God. That's that's that's what I wanted to strike down this evening. Perfect understanding of the love of God. What is that perfect understanding? Praise the Lord. Perfect understanding of God's love. What is that perfect understanding? That's what God has given to us. He has given us a perfect understanding of his love. What is that perfect understanding? That God love is elective. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; God don't love you based on what you do. &gt;&gt; And there is nothing you can do for his love to change. What what we struggle with is is the effect of our wrong choices. &gt;&gt; It it has affected us. &gt;&gt; So we don't we we we cannot we cannot uh measure it up with God's love. So we think he don't love us. &gt;&gt; No. before while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That is the understanding of his love that his love is elective. the whole the whole book of Malachi that's how it's it opens God trying to tell Israel that I love you and they are saying HOW DO YOU LOVE US THAT WE HAVE TO GO INTO CAPTIVITY WE LOST EVERYTHING AND HOW DO YOU LOVE US HE said he said Jacob and Esau before each one were born &gt;&gt; Jacob I love Esau I hate &gt;&gt; so his love was election &gt;&gt; God's Love is election. That is the understanding of his love. It does not have to do with anything of your behavior. You cannot impress him. You cannot discourage him. He have seen a whole lot. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Are we together? You love the Lord tonight. &gt;&gt; A perfect understanding of his love. When you understand that, when you understand, when you understand that it is his love that he love you so much that he look you look at millions and trillions of people on this earth and he pass your way to bring you the knowledge of Malachi for There is nothing. There is nothing that you can see yourself right in the scripture. Behold, I send you. &gt;&gt; You are that one. &gt;&gt; Behold, I send you. If you were not yet, God will not send Elijah. &gt;&gt; Amen. The reason of God sending Elijah is because there is a people on the earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. If we will be able to understand his love, &gt;&gt; his love of election. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's the reason why he could predestinate before the foundation of the world. So once again, it's just it's just to be able to, you know, sometimes, you know, it's it's is not to to our our you know, our best judgment. Sometimes we now, you know, we're not happy about it or or whatever it is. But you have you have to realize that uh you know uh uh God God has a picture uh in his mind where he want to bring his church. He says that he will get himself a church without spot or without wrinkle. Brother Brandon says when the power of of God come back to the church, it will not be on the people's effort. &gt;&gt; It will not be on your effort is because God says he would get a people. He will make sure that he get a people. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; The blessing there is that uh uh uh uh we rejoice that that he have opened our eyes and and we want TO BE A PART OF WHAT HE'S DOING. &gt;&gt; THANK GOD I'VE SEEN THE LIGHT AND LORD I WANT TO BE A PART. &gt;&gt; Because you have to realize that he can do without you. &gt;&gt; He can do without you. He can patch you &gt;&gt; and drop you like a dead clo just having a grateful spirit. &gt;&gt; Waking up with a grateful spirit. Not looking at your achievement but looking at what he has done. Until this become real to us, our walk with God is just around the block. But if you want to take a walk just like Enoch walked with God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You want to take a walk like Enoch walked with God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you can you can argue whether he have wives and children or not, but I know that as he walked with God, he knew that even if he have wife and children, God would take care of them. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He was not he was not worried. He was not bothered. I mean, it was just it was just this gratefulness &gt;&gt; that the creator of heaven and earth would say, "Come and take a walk with me." &gt;&gt; Then I would turn around and say, "No, you know, my I my children are small. I need to bring them up. Oh, I I I have a wife to get married. My, you know, I get jobs and will make all of the excuses. Brother Brandham say a life full of excuses is not worthy of the gospel. Musicians, you can come. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Let's thank him. Let's thank him for being very mindful of us, for expressing his love to us, for bringing us before the seat of glass like crystal. That's the word you must be able to see yourself here. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; If you see yourself, then why are you getting mad? If you really seeing yourself, why should you get mad? Not even seeing yourself like the way you are, but seeing yourself like the way God sees you. &gt;&gt; When you look in the sea of glad, you don't see yourself like the way you are. You don't see your flaws and your struggle. You see the grace that he have put upon you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. You know what happened that that that evening when Esther broke out of praying? You know what she did? She went and took the very gown she got wed in. Praise the Lord. The gown that she wore that the king saw her that was the very gown she took and she wore. The Lord says nobody go until the king go. She said the Lord for the people out there not for me. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. When she stepped forth, the king said, "Where have you been?" &gt;&gt; Where have you been? &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; He said, "Guys, &gt;&gt; CASE CLOSE." WHATEVER WE WERE TALKING, somebody remind me tomorrow everybody go home. &gt;&gt; Dismiss. Oh, we are blessed people. &gt;&gt; We have blessed people. Oh, we are blessed people. That's uh he was wounded for my transgression. Just play that softly. Surely he bore my sorrow. Oh yes. And by his tri I was Oh, he was holy for my transgression. He was bruised for my iniquity. Oh, surely he all my sorrow and by his right. I was 1 Corinthians chapter 11. For I have received of the Lord that which also I deliver unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread, and when he had given thanks, he break it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he have sed saying this cup is the new testament of my blood. This do ye as of as ye drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as he eat the bread and drink this cup do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat the bread, eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord unwartiling, shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself. How do we do it? How do we examine ourself? You can examine yourself. You examine yourself by looking at your sacrifice. Let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of the cup. For he that eatth and drinketh unwartily, eat it and drink damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. Praise the Lord. St. John, St. John chapter 13. Let's just take our scriptures tonight so we can go right right into what we are here for tonight. Let's read from verse two. And supper being ended, the devil having now put in the heart of Judas as Simon's son to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God and went to God. He rises from supper and lay aside his garment and took a tower and g himself. After that he pou water in a basin and begin to wash the disciples feet and to wet them with the tower wherewith he he was g. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. And Peter said unto him, Lord, does thou wash my feet? Jesus answer him. Jesus answered and said unto him, what what I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know here after. Peter said unto him, Thou shalt never wash my feet. Jesus answered, If I wash thee now, thou have no part with me. Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. Jesus said to him, he that is washed needeth not safe to wash his feet, but is clean everywhere. And yay, I clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore he said, Ye are not all clean. So after he have washed their feet and has taken his garment and was set down again, he said unto them, "Ye call, ye know what I have done to you. You call me master the Lord, and ye say well, for so I am. If I then your Lord a master has washed your feet, there also ought to wash one another feet. For I have given you an example that ye should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I said unto you, the servant is not greater than his law, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. iniquity. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we lift this bowl up to you tonight. Almighty God, Father, Lord, lying in this split, Lord, Father, is bread. Lord God, that was big, we pray, Lord, Father God, the life of dedication. Almighty God, we just prayed and asks that Lord, you will bless it, Father, tonight. Blessed Lord Jesus, sanctify it. Oh God, we'll be breaking it into many pieces, Lord, that represent our many individual needs, Lord. The needs of our loved ones, the needs of our relatives, Lord, the needs of this assembly, Lord Jesus Christ, the need, oh God, Father, of the bride of Jesus Christ. Oh God, we stand tonight, Father God, representing all of these needs, Lord, as we come forth and partake, oh God, Father, of this minister to our body. Minister to the body of the one we standing in the gap for. Oh God, we pray tonight. We love you. We appreciate you in Jesus name. Oh, Father, we lift this board up to you Lord God in it Lord Father the word many little cups Lord Father that represent Lord Jesus our life our hearts represent Father God Lord You sang that song, Lord G. Fill my cup, Lord. These cups are filled. We drink it, Lord God, tonight. And we just ask that, Lord, Father, the prophecy healing is in the cup. It is the word, Father God, that heals. So we ask tonight as we come and identify Lord God, Father with the covenant of your blood, we pray that God you would just Lord bless it blessed father God to us our body for good health or strength Lord Jesus. Oh God we are going into uh pretty soon Lord the the the weather will change for us so Lord God. Father we just want to use this time oh God and pray that Lord you will bless our immune system. Oh God, you will bless our health. Oh, Father God, as we go into this time of flu and cough and every one of these things, Lord, we ask in the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, Lord, you keep us. Keep the little ones, Lord, from it to God, Father. Oh God, Lord Jesus, it's it will be a time of rough driving, Lord, and many different things. But we just want to stand in the gap tonight and say and ask that you go before us and give us a good winter. We thank you. We love you as we just committed into your hands now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Oh, I will cling to the old ruged cross and exchange it some days for the crown. Let's sing together. Though I cherish the old rocket cross. Oh, till my trophy at last I lay down and I will cling to the or cross and that's some days for the crown. The table is open as the musician will softly play. You are welcome to the table of the Lord tonight. I will cling to the or cross and that's change someday for the crowd. Though I cherish the old broken cross till my trophy at last I lay down. I will cling to the or rocked cross and exchange is someday for the crowd. Father, thank you. Thank you Lord God for giving us Lord Jesus this time we move into uh foot watching. We want to pray that God you bless the water, sanctify it, Lord God, as we fellowship with one another, praying for one another, and just keep us in the atmosphere of worship tonight. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Brothers, let's fire out and we allow the sisters be. We ask the technicians to turn the music on. Let's stay in the in the atmosphere of worship. Just squeeze it. Yeah. now to come and go with us. Thank you for giving us this wonderful evening of fellowship, Lord God. And precious Lord, we just ask that God um step in, Lord, Father, and uh and watch over your children. Pray, Father, for brother Wesley and Sister Carrot. You carry them home safely, brother Ben and his family and each and every one of us, Lord. Father God, we commit the weak in your hands. We ask that you go before us, Lord. Bless the week, prosper it, rebuke the enemy from the dwellings of your children. What an awesome God you are. Until we meet here Wednesday night, we pray that God you keep each and every one of us. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. The Lord bless you and uh he abide. I'm rejoicing not in day. He abide. Hallelujah. He abide. Let's sing this as we be dismissed in Jesus name. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the hands of God. In all my life I see for the reason of my blessing. Oh the secret all is dead that the comforter abides with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. He abides. Oh, with me I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk a narrow way for the comfort of abides with me. The next verse on my heart full of sin. Once I had no peace with it till I had that Jesus upon the tree. Oh, and I felt that at his feet there came a piece of sweet and a comforter ab. Oh, hallelujah. He abound. He above. Oh hallelujah. Christ abide with me. I'm rejoicing in me as I walk the narrow way for the
