################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - May 07, 2025 Wednesday Service Bro Ariel Ngongo - Battle of The Braves - Ariel Ngongo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-07
Title:    May 07, 2025 Wednesday Service: Bro Ariel Ngongo - Battle of The Braves
Speaker:  Ariel Ngongo
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 5m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8OAwmghq2A
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
U we read a psalm here and uh let's read Psalm 111. Psalm 111. We want to thank the Lord for keeping us while we were away from one another and has given us another opportunity to be in his house tonight. Psalm 111. Praise ye the Lord. I will praise the Lord with my whole heart in the assembly of the upright and in the congregation. The works of the Lord are great. Sought out of all them that have pleasure therein. His work is honorable and gracious and his righteousness endureth forever. He that have made his wonderful works to be remembered. The Lord is gracious and full of compassion. He have gave me unto them that fear him. He will ever be mindful of his coveting. He have shown his people his power, the power of his works, that he may give them the heritage of the hiddens, the works of his hands. uh uh verited in judgment. All his commandments are sure. They stand fast forever and ever and are done in truth and uprightness. He sent redemption unto his people. He have commanded his covenant forever. Holy and reverent is his name. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. A good understanding have all they that do his commanding. His praise endureth forever. Amen. Praise the Lord. Reach out and touch the Lord. Let's just sing there tonight while we go into a little time of prayer before we uh change the order of the service. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is fine. Same by this moment all our needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. Reach out and touch the Savior as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to hear your heart cry. He is power. Sin by this moment all our need. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord. as he goes. Let's sing that one more time. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. And you will find he's not too busy to yet our hearts cry. He is power sing by this moment all our needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes by. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat. Just want to take some few prayer needs here tonight and uh so we can bring it before the Lord. We have a prayer lead here. Head scenes praying for my nephew, Brother Isaac. He's uh at the ER with chest pain. He's uh uh he was too young for the devil praying for the Lord's mercy. So that's a prayer uh for the little one tonight. and uh another prayer need uh praying tonight uh for a couple of requests for brother Don uh MP he has an elderly friend Mr. Johnson who was uh very seriously he has a very serious unspoken request praying for Mr. Johnson. Also praying for my wife friend. She has she uh has been suffering with an early stage of dementia for a while. And this week uh she started uh talking out of her head. Doesn't recognize anything. Uh they have her in the hospital and running some test to see uh what's going on. So we want to also pray for that young lady. And then uh I got a a prayer need that came through uh brother Coffrey and uh that's for um and he sent this prayer request uh a brother from u uh Pakistan sent it to him. Praise the Lord. Burberry Berry, as you might know by now that uh uh India attacked Pakistan on nine different places. I've just had a conversation with brethrens in Pakistan. They are all fine and safe by God's grace. There is a great uncomfort fear among the people in Pakistan. But uh uh but thank God the brethrens are come and praying for each other and they show request uh requested our prayers. So we just want to remember that tonight and also um uh sister Alice sent prayer need uh they will not be with us tonight uh and uh brother Ben uh back home in in Kenya. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer tonight as we just want to remember these needs. But before we do, let's bring thanks to the Lord. Let's appreciate him for giving us another time to come together on a Wednesday night and uh uh watching over us and fighting our battles. Uh uh let's pray for those that are on their way coming and those that will be streaming into the service tonight that just can't give thanks to the Lord and appreciate him for all his goodness and all his love and his mercy upon our life. Let's pray together in giving thanks. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you tonight, oh God, precious Lord, we uh want to approach you, Lord Father, by the way of prayer tonight. Oh God, we thank you Father, Lord Jesus, for all your wonderful blessing. We thank you, oh God, Father, oh God, for your great love that you have poured upon us, oh God, watching over our going out, oh God, in our coming in, giving us, Lord Jesus, an opportunity, Father, to come together, Lord, this Wednesday night where, oh God, we can stand in the gap, Lord, we can lift out our hands as the evening sacrifice unto you, oh God. Father, bring praise and bring our prayers, Lord God, and come and fellowship around the word. Oh God, we thank you, oh Father, for all of these blessings, Lord, that you have given us. We thank you, oh precious, Lord God, for your love, oh Father God, that is drawing us to you every day, Father. We just so grateful tonight. We say blessed be your holy name, oh God. Thank you, precious Holy Spirit. Oh father, Lord God, watching over your people, the bride of Jesus Christ around the world, oh God, we just give you the praise, oh father, Lord, no doubt, oh God, Father, the enemy destroying one thing or another, Father, before your people, but God, this bride, this church, oh Father, God have been destinated, Lord, Father, to arrive safely. Oh God. Oh father, we thank you Lord because it's all you're doing. Oh father, Lord Jesus, we bless your name tonight. Oh God, we thank you father for the Sunday service. Lord Jesus, we thank you for how oh God you help your children all through the week. Oh father, Lord, here we are tonight, oh God, giving thanks, oh father, and appreciating you, oh God. Oh Lord, blessed be your name. Heavenly Father, we lift your name in the highest tonight. Oh God, we say Savior, divine Lord Jesus, you are worthy to be praised. Oh God, to be adored, to be glorified. Oh father, king of glory, Jesus Christ, the lover of my soul. Oh God, the giver of life, the giver of every good gift. Oh father, we thank you oh Lord Jesus for this gift that you have given us. Oh father Lord that we can gathered around oh Lord Jesus. Oh father of God. Oh your great atonement. Oh father precious Lord we bless you. We bless you oh God. Father we bless your name oh Lord and say Jesus thank you oh father God. Thank you precious Lord for watching over Father God. Lord Jesus, even our little ones, oh father God, the young ones, so precious, Lord, we pray for them, oh God, every family, Lord God, in the household of faith, Lord, the sick in the household of faith, we remember them, oh God, tonight, oh father, as we just, oh Lord, want to thank you, oh God, we say blessed be your holy name, oh father, we just appreciate you, oh almighty God, as we take this time, oh father, Lord, to bring our needs, oh God, in the needs of others, oh father, the needs of this assembly, oh God, if there is anything that Lord, we need the most, oh father God, is an outpouring from you, oh Lord, is your presence, oh God, is your dealing, oh father, Lord Jesus, that every moment, oh God, that we spend here, oh father god, oh Jesus, oh father, Lord, will be worthwhile. Oh God, we thank you, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious father, Lord. Oh God, you've been so mindful, oh God, to come in and out of our midst, every time we come together, Lord, your blessings, oh God, has been so good to us. Oh, Father, you've been so good, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, you've been so good. Oh God, you've been so good. Oh father, Lord Jesus, we just love you, Father, this evening. We appreciate you, oh God. What an awesome God you are, Father. What a wonderful Jesus you have, oh God. Oh sweet Holy Spirit, oh Father, Lord, what a privilege, oh God, Father, oh God, to commune with you. What a privilege, oh Father, to put your name, oh God, on our mortal tongue. What a privilege, oh father, to lift our hands in your presence, oh God, and say, "Savior divine, here we are tonight, Lord. Come, oh God, and oh father, congregate with us, oh Lord. Come, oh father, guide, and inhabit our praise. Come, oh God, tonight, oh Lord, and bless us in your presence. What a wonderful Jesus you are, oh Father, Lord, we thank you. Yes, we thank you tonight, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. We thank you tonight, Father. Oh, Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God. Lord, we just want to lift to you tonight, Father. Lord God, oh all of those dear saints, oh father, that little boy, Lord God, that's not well rushed to the ER. Oh father, we believe that your grace, oh God, went before him, oh Lord, and grant him, oh Jesus, your favor, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh precious father, that lady dealing with an early stage of dimension. Oh God, a state of confusion. Father, Lord God, oh precious Lord, we are not all in our right mind without you. Oh God, we are not all fired. God, we won't make good choices. So Lord, without you, Father. Oh God, neither Lord will we go to the right places. Father without you Lord almighty God we pray tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that your grace oh God father Lord oh precious Lord you will rescue her. I believe, oh God, father, her husband need her, Lord. I believe, oh God, her children, the loved ones, oh God, around her, need her. Oh father God, oh precious Lord, we pray tonight that you would be merciful, oh God, and gracious to Oh precious Lord, touch her, Father God, touch us, sweet Jesus, tonight, oh God, in heavenly father, we pray for all of your children, oh God, that are dealing with one state of confusion, oh God, or another, oh father, yes Lord. Oh precious Lord of oh God a condition oh father where they don't even know where to turn oh God and waiting oh father that Lord they will hear better from you we pray that God you will move on their behalf tonight oh sweet Jesus Christ we pray for the bride of Jesus around the world we pray for your people every word oh father that are calling upon your name oh father god spending their time in fasting, praying. Oh God, oh precious Lord, we pray in the name of the Lord Jesus tonight. Father, what a wonderful Jesus you are. Oh, we love you tonight. We love you, precious Lord. We want to remember Lord, Father, the saints in Pakistan. Oh God, Father, Lord, and your people God, Father, Lord, in different parts of the world where there is one crisis or another in the Congo, Father, Lord Jesus, over in the in in the Ukraine area, the Russia area, Father God, no doubt you have your believing children, oh Father, we lift them to you tonight, oh God. Father, even in our neighborhood, oh precious Lord, even in our surrounding, oh eternal God, Father, oh Lord Jesus Christ, we see Father, Lord, all of the chaos. Oh God, we say, Father, the powers, powers of the evil one. Oh father, God, all around us, Lord Jesus, we pray. Lord, may you, oh God, keep your children in safety. Oh father Lord. Oh all eternal God you keep us oh Lord from oh God the attacks of the enemy. Oh father oh God tonight. Oh Lord we are just humbling our hearts before you sweet Jesus. Taking this time oh God father just to oh God humble ourself before you father. You said if your people that are called by your name, oh father God, if we will humble ourself, oh God, precious Lord, if we will seek your face, oh God, if we will pray, oh God, Father, if we will confess our sins, oh Lord, and turn from our oh God, Father, evil ways, you will heal our land. Oh God, precious Lord, you will heal our heart. Lord, you will heal our homes. Oh father, Lord, you will heal. Oh God, Father, your healing will flow in our assembling. Oh God, precious Lord, almighty God, we humbled ourself before you and said, Oh Lord Jesus Christ, have mercy. Oh God, Father, Lord, we confess, oh God, our ways today. We confess, oh Lord, our thoughts today. Lord, we confess, oh God, our desire, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and we say, "Blessed be your name tonight, oh sweet Holy Spirit. Lord, what a wonderful Jesus you are." What a wonderful father you are, Lord. We love you tonight, oh God. Oh, blessed be your name, Jesus. We thank you, Father, Lord God. We give you the praise, Lord. We give you the glory. Blessed be your holy name tonight. Blessed be your holy name tonight, sweet Jesus. Thank you, Father. Lord God, Lord, we say you are so good, Lord. You are so good tonight, Father. [Music] is so good. God is so good. God is so good. is so good to me. Let's sing that now. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. Yes, God is so good. He so [Music] good to me. He answered prayer. Yes, [Music] he answers prayer. [Music] He answers prayer. Oh yes, he answers prayer. He's so good to me. I love him so. We can sing that tonight. Yes, I love him [Music] so and I love him so. Yes, I love him [Music] so good to me. He saved my soul. Oh yes, Jesus. He saved my soul. That's what I love it. Yes, he saved my [Music] soul. Oh, yeah. He saved my soul. He saw you [Music] to [Music] me. Yes, Lord. Yes, Father. You are so good, Lord. Your goodness, your goodness, Lord, Father, was even before our existence. Lord God, your goodness, Lord Father, woke us up this morning. Your goodness, Lord Jesus, is your mercy. Oh father God, oh yes, Lord, you are so good, Lord. You are so good, oh Father. Lord Jesus is recorded there in Genesis. Lord, from the first day, everything you made was good, Lord. And and it was just good and every day was good. And it keep getting good, Lord. It can only be good with you, Father. Oh Jesus, we love you tonight, Father. What a wonderful Jesus you are. Blessed be your holy name. Oh, blessed be your holy name, oh God. You are so good, oh father. Yes, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, you are so good. Lord, there's not one, oh God, that can be compared unto you, Father Lord. Oh, precious Lord, Father. Oh, almighty God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh, God. Just to just think about how much you have been so good to us, Lord. You have been so good to us so Father, Lord, that you reach down your hands, oh so Father, and you snatch us, Lord God, from the wickedness of this world. Oh, you've been so good to us that you place your love in our hearts, oh God, that we can come, oh God, and lift our hands and lift our hearts to you, Father. Oh, we just thank you tonight, Lord. We thank you, Father. We appreciate you, Lord. I just want for us to just take one more knee tonight as we just commit uh our assembly in the hands of the Lord and continue to ask of more of God in our midst. We want the word to have the preeminence. We want God to just uh uh uh make us people that love the word and love his presence and and uh uh love uh uh uh praying and reading our Bible and and just uh immersing ourself into his presence and uh let's just pray tonight. Let's pray for one another. If there's a brother, if there's a sister that comes across your mind tonight that we want to remember, let's just lift those knees in the hands of the Lord tonight. Again, as I said, brother brother Ben is back home. We want to pray for him that the Lord will be with our brother and be with sister Alice and and the children uh Simon and and uh Joy and Becky that the Lord will just be with them and keep them. I know that uh uh sister Rachel and Maril Lee their father should be flying in today from the Congo and uh he might be coming in this evening. We just want to remember him too that the Lord will grant him a safe travel. Let's pray together in the name of Jesus. Heavenly Father once again Lord. Oh God we just thank you precious Lord we just appreciate you father God and we ask that Lord God. Oh father, yes Lord Jehovah, you said it in your word that I will build my church, oh God, and the gates of hell, oh father, will not prevail against it, oh God. Almighty God, so we pray tonight, Lord, in the name of the Lord, thank you for gathering us, Lord. Oh God, oh father, to be a body, to be an assembly, oh God, I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, heavenly father, may your grace help this local assembly. Oh God. Oh fathers are we constantly place ourself Lord on the oh God father the oh the influence of the Holy Ghost eternal God I pray father Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Papa God deal with every father unconfessed saints. Oh Lord, in the hearts of your people, they will father God everything. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, attitudes and think, oh father, Lord, oh papa God, because Lord, like your prophet said, unbelief will only handle the unbeliever. The church of the living God is going to move on. Father we pray oh God almighty God may you help each and every one of us Lord to put our shoulders to the wills Lord dedicate ourself oh God and whatever is placed in our hands we can do the best that we can for your kingdom oh Lord I pray oh father sweet Jesus Christ bless oh Lord God father our officers Lord the deacons oh God brother them brother Ben we pray for him oh father god Pray for sister Alice, oh Lord, and the children. Your grace will be with them. Oh father, in the name of Jesus Christ tonight, oh savior divine lord, bless our trusty brothers, oh father, Lord Jesus, we feel things before us, trusting that Lord, you will provide. Almighty God, we just asking, oh Lord, your grace, oh father, oh God, we bless every family, Lord. Almighty God, you see the maze of your children, oh father. Even the ones, oh Lord, that are believe in you, oh God. You work around their schedule, Lord. Work schedule, oh father, to be in church, we want to trust you for those ones, oh God. And we pray, oh father, Lord, the ones that are weak in faith, oh God, we lift them to you, oh Father. We remember Sister Elizabeth tonight, oh God. You continue to strengthen her, Father. Lord, as every nails in her body, oh God, Father, is beginning to respond. Oh God, we pray you bring, oh God, Father, total healing to her body. Oh Lord, we just ask tonight, oh God, we thank you. We love you. We appreciate you, Father. Oh, what a wonderful privilege we have, oh God, just to take this time, oh God, to keep our hearts before you. just to take this time, oh God, to commune with you. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus, how wonderful you are, Lord. How wonderful you are. Oh God, we just appreciate you. Almighty God, we love you tonight. We love you, sweet Jesus. We know father God, precious Lord, oh king of glory, father, we just want to thank you Lord. the enemy will fight against Lord Jesus your children prayer life oh God in your dedication Lord it's so easy father God for us to or even sometimes be lazy doing nothing Lord or God for us to set this time aside and just bring our hearts to you God before your children now Lord God rebuke their enemy father Lord from their dwelling bless them in their workplaces oh God bless them in their home oh father Lord lift Lift up your countenance, Lord, upon your people. Lift up your countenance, oh God, upon this assembly, oh father God, let the warmness of your presence be felt, Lord. Oh almighty God, we love you tonight. We love you tonight, Jesus. We love you tonight, oh father, blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name, sweet Jesus. What a wonderful savior you are. We thank you, oh God. We thank you, Father. We thank you tonight. Lord, we would just say, "Sweep over my soul tonight, sweet Holy Spirit, for my rest is complete. Lord, while we sit at your feet tonight, sweep, oh my soul, [Music] sweep, oh my soul, sweep spirit, sweep over My soul my rest is complete. What I say at your feet. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. Sweep [Music] over my soul. [Music] Sweep for my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my [Music] soul. My rest is complete. [Music] What I see at your feet. Sweep spirit, sweep over my [Music] soul. Praise to the Lord. Amen. Let's sing that song tonight. uh uh as I as I travel through the land, Jesus hold my hand when I need in prayer. I know I will meet you there and just sing that tonight. Brother Eric will preach for us tonight. So we'll sing a song or two and then our brother will come. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you Jesus. And as I travel through the pavement land, there is a friend who was with me who live in the same case. It is the Christ of Calary and this will be my prayer each day to the best I can for I to guide day and night. Blessed Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour and show this pig land. Protect me by the power. [Music] Everly, oh Lord, look out on me. When I need a prayer, I know I need you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Let me travel in the Let's stand on our feet. Make the bless way. Oh, give it. I may be falling down and sing redemption. So, someday I will be a soldier and you and family take a stand. Oh, and I long for you. And daily leave the full blessed Jesus for my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I lead thee [Music] every land. Protect him. Yeah. My people. [Music] Oh Lord, look out on me when I need a friend. I know I need you there. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Where's thou [Music] wondering of the sun? Leave me safely to the land of rest. I want I have my faith in me [Music] there. There is more other friend on whom I can depend. I said Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus hold my hand. I see the area truth of patented by the fire. Yeah. My people. Oh Lord, look down on me when I need. I know I meet you care. Blessed Jesus. Oh my. [Applause] Amen. Let's sing the song. I'm pressing on upward way. Amen. I'm pressing all the way you had me in every day. [Music] I will walk by. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. Oh Lord, lift me up and let me stand. I paid on hand in cable land and a higher pain that I have found. Lord, let my feet on higher ground. My heart has moved. desire to stay where thou arise. And here those are made where this my hand is higher. Oh yes, Lord. Lift me up and let me stand. My feet on [Music] hand [Applause] l and I have found my feet on higher ground. I want to steal the most high and cash all glory. Busted I pray till heaven I found Lord onto higher. Oh lift me up Lord. Lift me up. And let me stand by feet on [Music] hand. Oh, a higher place where I have found Lord my feet on high. Let's sing that one more time. Oh Lord, lift me up and let me stand thy feet on maintain. Oh a higher when I have found Lord my feet on higher ground. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We will sing Peter confession tonight and then brother Ariel will come. Peter was the one that said, "Where will I go? To whom will we go unto?" Amen. We know that you have the words of life. Amen. So, let's sing that tonight. Where do I go? Amen. [Music] Let's sing that now. Living in me, Lord. Oh, yes. I'm living below in this all sinful world for highly comfort can afford and I'm striving alone to taste and taste your soul. Yeah. Where do I go? Unto the Lord. Oh yes. Where do I go? And where do I go? And I'm seeking a refuge of my soul. [Music] needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh yes, where do I go to the Lord? Let's take the next verse now. Oh my neighbors I come and I love them and everyone we get along in sweet for when my soul live. Come on brother. Oh yeah. Where do I go? Bow to the Lord. Just come up. Oh yes. Where do I go? And where do I go? I'm seeking a refuge for my soul. [Music] Yes. To help me. Where could I go but to the Shall we sing it once again? Oh yes, where could I go? Where could I go? And I'm seeking a refuge from my soul. Thank you, Lord. Oh yeah. [Music] To help me. Hallelujah. Where could I go? But to the Lord. Hallelujah. We give him a hand. He's worthy. To be praised. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to sing this song here. Touching Jesus. It's all that really matter. Amen. M touching Jesus it's all that really matterers. Can we sing all together? And your life will never be the same. [Music] There is only one way to touch him. Do you want to touch him tonight? Just believe when you call on his name. Can you sing once again from your heart? Oh, touching Jesus is all I really m and your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch it. Hallelujah. Just believe when you call on his name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Father. He is here tonight. Saints, thank you Lord. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, we're coming humbly before your presence, Lord Jesus, to say thank you for your grace and your mercy. For such a time like this, oh God, Father, when everything is in darkness, oh God, but there's a light that is shining in the corner of this street, oh Lord. Father, we want to appreciate you. Yes, Jesus. For the work of Calvary. Amen. Thank you, Father. If he had not been Calvary, Lord, we would not be here. We'll be on the streets, oh God, Father, running back and forth, Lord. But Lord Jesus, your grace and your mercy have rerode our life once again. That we can stand in your presence that we can call and feel worthy not because of our own self but we can fully depend on you Lord Jesus. Father since you are already here Lord may you break the bread of life to us. Lord as Jesus taught us how to pray. It says give us this day our daily bread. Lord God, we need bread. Lord, men shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes out of your mouth. Lord, may you speak your word to your people, take men out of the way, oh God, may the same Holy Spirit that fell the day of Pentecost, Father, in this street, oh God, that we will all remember, Lord, that from this day, something that happened to us. We give you fully this service into your hand. Lord God, I give myself to you. Every note, every thought, oh God, every men and women in this room, oh God, be under the control of your spirit. May you minister the way to your people. Lord, we are under expectation to receive something from you. You know from the bottom of our heart how much we love you, Lord. Oh God, blessed be your name, Father. You are worthy to be praised, Lord. You are present in such humility that your presence can be felt in this place. Lord, we thank you for everything, Lord. And we all ask these things in the precious and wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Thank you. As you're still standing, we'll open the scriptures in the book of Deuteronomy chapter 12 verse uh Deuteronomy chapter 20. We would like to greet you all in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It's always a privilege to be in the house of the Lord and just to fellowship around the word. U so I have a thought here I would like to share with you. Um it might look a little strange but I trust that the Holy Spirit will be able to help us. Just pray for me as I'm ministering. Uh I'll be praying for you as well. Deuteronomy chapter 20 verse1 the Bible says when thou goest out to battle against thy enemy and seeing horses and chariots and the people more than thou be not afraid of them. Yes. Amen. For the Lord thy God is with thee which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt. Amen. It shall be when ye are come night unto the battle that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people and said unto them here, O Israel, ye approach this day unto uh unto battle against your enemy. Let not your heart faint. Fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them. Amen. For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you. It's not just letting you go by yourself. He is with you to fight for you against your enemy to save you. And the officer shall speak unto the people, saying, "What is the man that has built a house and has not dedicated? Let him go and return to his house, lest he died in in the battle, and another dedicated. And what man is he that has planted a vineyard, has not yet eaten of it, let him also go, and return unto his house, lest he die into the battle. And another man eat it. And and and what man is there that has bestowed a woman and has not taken her? let him go and return unto his house, lest he die in the battle, and another man take her." Now, I want you to watch verse eight. The Bible says, "Then the officer shall speak further unto the people, and they shall say, "What man is there that is fearful and faint-hearted? Let him go and return to his house, lest his Brendon's heart faint as well as his heart. You may be seated. May God bless you tonight. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Now we just for the few minutes that is before us I have a thought that I would like to speak to speak uh on the battle of the brave. The battle of the brave. Now just right from the scripture we just read I think the sister can help us with the powerpoint. I want to speak on the battle of the braves. Is do we have braves in the building tonight? Amen. Hallelujah. It's it's not really the number that matters, you know. It's it's the people that have trained themselves to battle. You know, they're very courageous. They're strong. They fought different battles and they came out victorious. You know, it's it's not the numbers. It's the is the quality. We're not looking at quantity here. We're looking at the quality of men and women that had fought battle and came out victorious. Amen. and and to these people that I'm addressing tonight and and to the bride of Jesus Christ. You know, um right from here we see the Bible says when thou goest out to battle against your enemy and seeing horses and chariots. Now who knows that our God knows the end before the beginning. He already disclosed his idea to them. It says when you are going to battle, right? Do you do you see that? It says when that goeth to battle, he's already telling you when you will h when that battle will happen. This is what you have to do. Is that correct? This is wonderful. It says he already he already disclosed to them what is going to happen. You know to the people of God there's no secrets. God disclosed his secret to his people. Amen. Now, and we just read when he's telling them that when you go to battle, I will be there with you. So, it basically tells you what will be your battle and it does not just send you by yourself. It it he it comes along with you. It may not be necessarily physical visible, but he is present. Is that right? Amen. Now it says when that goeth to battle against your enemy. Now you put on apprentices all the enemies that you have. You know individually we don't go out there and take guns and go shooting and go fight to different countries. We don't do that. Is that correct? But within ourself we have battle that is going on. Is that right? How many of us know that? You know it can be fear. It can be different. It can be an addiction. It can be something that you probably inherited from your parents. There are in you that you fighting daily every single day. So think about your enemy, you know, yourself. Don't don't look at somebody else. Now there might be if you look at it is identifying something here. It says and seahorses chariot and the people more than you. So it's basically telling them that there's going to be a n, you know, there's going to be a lot of them. So don't look at the number. Yeah. You see, it's telling you don't look at the numbers, right? But just know, do not be afraid. You see, it's telling you don't pay attention on the numbers. Oh, glory to God. Because there were many in the land. Is that correct? They were the Jebusite, the Amorite, the Parasites, you know, the Hite, the Canaanite, they were all over the place. Amen. Right. All this nation against one nation, one church of God. Yeah, that's right. You know many many armies are against us. You one Christian. But look at different things that are happening in your life. But I want to encourage you tonight. Lord, there's one more one more element I want to bring here is that the site was declaring a numerous enemies. Is that correct? So the site was declaring that oh look at them there are many of them. There are many nation they are stronger and they have they have a reputation in battle. Yeah. But you guys are just coming out of of Egypt. There is nothing. You never train yourself into battle. Okay. You see what I'm saying? Amen. But God does not want you to look at your eyes. Remember the story of Gazi? How many of us knows the story? The young man could see chariots, right, with his natural eyes. But a prophet that was a little higher in that spiritual realm, he says he prayed to God. He say, "Oh Lord, open the eyes of the young men." So he may see, he may see what angels that were present in that place that his natural eyes was not declaring it. But now when the prophet pray, God opened the eyes of the young men. He was able to come up higher a little bit to see how many angel was standing there. Yeah, that's right. Are you with me? Yes. So, tonight I will invite you to go a little bit higher. Come up higher, bride of Jesus Christ. Can you see angels that are all over the place in this room? Don't Don't look at it with your natural eyes. Believe it in your heart because that's the only way you can touch Jesus. We sung the song touching Jesus is all that really matter and your life will never be the same. The only way is to believe is to the only way you can touch him is believe in his word. Is that right? He's telling them don't fear. Praise the Lord. You know fear it's an a you know it's it's it's a unpleasant emotion that perceives like you know you you perceive that there's threat or danger that is coming. Is that right? You know every single one of us have come to that place where we fear something or you hear a news and and completely you know everything changes. Your mood changes. Amen. Fear is not something that is coming from God. It can be because Adam in the garden of of Eden had no fear. Fear had entered when sin entered. So which means God is not the altar of sin. Neither is the altar of fear. Is that right? And the prophet would tell us that fear is of the devil. Right? And fear it in simple way is the lack of confidence. Oh yeah. Because as soon as you know who you are, it takes away fear. Come on now. You see what I'm saying? If if you know who you are, it takes fear because you have the confidence that everything will be okay. Are you with me? Now, there were many nations that were they were there and God spoke to them. It says, I think in that very same chapter we read, it says when you enter into the the the land, you must destroy you must you must utterly destroy them. Yeah. How many of us have read that? So if you have your Bible, sister, you don't have to change the PowerPoint or maybe you can move to the next slide. That that's okay. So if you have your Bible, I'll just read it really quick, right? Uh uh chapter 20 verse 16 or 17. But thou shalt utterly destroy them, namely the Hittite, the Amorite, the Canaanite, the parasite, and all of these things. And one of these elements is fear. We spoke about fear just a few minutes ago. But one more thing is to be to sympathize just a little bit. There's a thought here that I want to bring. You know, when God told them to destroy all of it, right? All this nation, he told even babies You see what I'm saying? He's telling them, "Destroy everything." Amen. Even babies, you would come into the land, you see this little Canonite baby, those Jebusite baby, he looks so cute. You take him, "Oh, wow. This baby is so cute. But one day when that baby grows up, he'll be exactly like his daddy." Hallelujah. Amen. You see? Amen. If you don't make a decision now, you don't kill him right now, will cause a problem to the generation after you. Amen. So this fear that you entertaining actually will destroy your children later on. So you might as well just destroy it now so that that thing can be completely ann Oh glory to God. I'm just addressing fear but there are many different things. Amen. Amen. Amen. There are it can be anger. We always angry. Oh yeah get angry instead instead of fighting against it because that spirit will continue in generation. But if you break that cycle, it cannot go over. Oh, I believe I'm a I'm a cycle breaker. Oh, glory to God. I I do believe in that. Thank you, Lord. Are you with me? Now, it says that the priest, in other words, the preacher should encourage the people. Amen. Do not fear. Amen. The past two weeks, different preachers has gone, right? Many preachers have spoken about fear. You know, they give Satan a black eye. You know, I was passing by. I said, "No, I mean the black eye is not enough. Let me add a little bit more." Is that Is that right? So now I'm speaking to the battle of the brave. Amen. Amen. I I'm speaking to brave soldiers of God. If you are, say amen to the word. Oh, glory to God. Since we we my goodness my my my I have the first quotes there just for a minute let let me slow down a little bit herec the great the the great prince is just an introduction quote that I would like to read oh wow everything have changed in here that's fine in this great fifth battle that's what brother man is saying right as I've tried to fight it I've come some awful obstacles been over some rough road. That's what I'm saying. It It shows on me I have. But it it bent the it's been the most blessed thing that I wouldn't trade it for nothing in the world. He says, "Here's my greatest victory. The greatest pleasure I have is when I come up against something." Watch what he's saying here. I can't see I cannot see over it. Around it or under it. I just keep walking toward it. Amen. Toward it, believing this that God will make a way when I get there. You see, praise the Lord. This is the confidence that a man has with God. Amen. It's a relationship. That's good. Thank you, Lord. Amen. This, you know, the way somebody speaks, you will know his relationship with God. That's right. Mhm. You know when he says when he lost his wife, he lost his daughter, you know it, people came to ask him, "Brother Bam, you still love the Lord. You still want to serve him? He still I still love him even after losing his wife." Say, "This is a different kind of relationship." Hallelujah. Amen. I was listening to a sermon. It says if even if he decide to send me in hell I will still love him. If there's anything called love in hell I will still love him. You see this is not just the feeling of somebody that has done good to you. This is beyond that. Praise the Lord. This is not just about oh wow my friend always agrees with me. No this is beyond the natural love. It's not the feel love. This is the agapa love. It goes beyond the love that you have for your husband, for your wife. You we must come to that confidence with the God that we serving. Thank you, Lord. Are you with me? Praise the Lord. It continues. It says, "I will never come this year, this far, and all this distance I have come. I have trust him and he never fail me." Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, I was I was looking into I think I can use the definition of bravery and courage all together back and forth, right? And I want you just to bear with me. Is that right? You love the Lord. Amen. Now, the the the dictionary says bravery is the quality or state of having or showing mental or moral strength to face danger and difficulties. Ability to control fear in danger or challenging time. the ability to be fearless. Yeah. You know, courage is taking an action regardless of our afraid, intimidated, and unworthy or unsure to overcome. Okay? You know, we don't need courage or bravery when everything is well. Is that true? Yeah. You don't need courage and bravery when everything is just fine and you're laying down. It's needed when obstacles and challenges are before you. Amen. You don't need it when everything is fine. You need it in the time where you don't even have the strength to get up. Are you with me? We are not living in a time where we would deny the fact that we have challenges. We cannot deny them. We have challenges and we have to admit it. That's right. That's right. We cannot refuse to accept the reality or to acknowledge an unpleasant truth. We must be able to stand and say, "Yes, it is true. It's a challenge." But after you know that is a challenge, what are you willing to do about it? That's right. Amen. That's right. Amen. You see, this is the part where we are going. Now, God is not giving us the, you know, is not encouraging us. He has not called us to deny the reality of our challenges, right? Oh, no, no, no. I just don't want to talk about it. No. God wants you to know that there is a battle that is going on. That's right. Are you with me? right that there are a spiritual power that again coming against you. He knows that because he wrote it in the Bible. That's right. He plac it before you to let you know that hey, it's what is going on. But he does not just stop there to show you how the devil works. It tells you also how I'm going to be there when you are crossing these deep waters. Now it says this in Ephesians verse 12. He says, "For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principality, against power, against the ruler of darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in the high places." The fact is that there are danger before us. Amen. There are challenges. There are battles. There are river that we must cross. There are valleys that full of traps. That's right. You go to work, there are traps. You go I mean everywhere. Even when you're sitting in your own room, you're dealing with battles. That's right. Oh, glory to God. But what am I doing about it? Lord, help me, Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. You know, a sister used to sing. It says, "Must I car must I be carried home to heaven on the flower bed of his? One other foot to win the price and sell through bloody sea. Yeah. I cannot sleep when others are fight. Those that went before me, they lay down and they die. But with a testimony. Thank you, Lord. But the Bam says, even if I pray for a sick, and after praying the person die, he instead I will still preach divine healing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because life is not easy. Amen. One day Jesus was sleeping on the boat with his disciple. 10,000 demon. Look at even Jesus himself. He did not live in denial. And just just bear with me. 10,000 demons stood up. It says today since this man is sleeping, we're going to destroy him. They were ready to do anything. But Jesus was sleeping. Even when the the water was coming up and down, he was he was tired and sleepy. He had probably a wonderful meeting. Amen. But the power was in him. Even under that condition, he did not say, "Oh, well, he had headache." He was heartbroken. He was like you and I. Yeah. He did not deny that Satan was trying to destroy him. Jesus tempted him after he had received the Holy Ghost. He was sent to the wilderness to be tempted. Amen. You see, all of these things happened to Jesus himself. That's right. So, it's not uncommon. That's right. Amen. Amen. But watch this thing. The storm and but the promise was that nothing could stand before him. Nothing could happen to him until the purpose of his life is fulfilled. Say, you see, nothing will happen to you. The reason why Jesus is saying do not fear is because nothing will happen to you until he allows it to happen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Watch this. No matter what was happening, Jesus was inside of the boat. Yeah. Let me pick up some scriptures here. John chapter 16:33. These things I have spoken to you that in me you might have peace. What what Jesus is saying? In the world ye shall have tribulations, but be of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Oh, glory to God. It says wherefore 1 Corinthians 10 10:12 he says wherefore let him that thinkkest he standeth take heed lest he fall there is not temptation taken you but such as is coming to men but God is faithful who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able but with the temptation also and make a way to escape that he may be able to bear it. That's right. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. David, the summit says, "Yeah, do I walk through the valley of the shadow of death. I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and a staff, they comfort me." Oh, glory to God. Look at all of these promises as for you and I. We are fully loaded for Bible say. Oh, glory to God. We are fully loaded tonight. Oh, I feel I feel good to be in this presence. Amen. Right. Amen. Now, watch this thing. As soon as what happened to to to the rich young ruler? How many of us knows the story? That's right. He comes and meets Jesus and all of these things and Peter comes. He says, "But you know, Peter looks and says, "Man, Lord, we are walking with you. This man had a lot of money. He just rejected you." He fell a t away. Are you with me? Amen. Then Peter said, that's Matthew chapter 19 27. It says, "Then Peter said unto him, behold, we have forsaken all and follow thee. What shall we have therefore?" And Jesus said to unto them, verily I said unto you that you know verily Jesus says verily but the prophet says thus said the Lord means that it cannot fail. When he says verily verily it cannot fail. Watch this thing. He said, "Verily I said unto you that ye which have followed me in in the great generation when the Son of man shall sit in the throne of his glory, ye also shall sit upon the 12th throne judging the 12 tribe of Israel." Amen. That's to the Jew. But to you is to sit on the throne with God. Hallelujah. You can't pick up these things, right? You you caught this. Yeah. Hallelujah. The disciple will judge the 12 the tribe, but you will sit sit with him. Thank you, Lord. You will be on the throne. Hallelujah. Verse 29 it says, "Everyone that forsake houses or brethren and sisters or father and mother or wife and children and lands for my name's sake shall receive a hundfold and shall inherit eternal everlasting life." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. See, how does it feel that you're going to live eternally? How does it feel? You may not feel it because you you're tied into time. Yeah. But come higher a little bit. Enter into that realm. You will see that living eternally is the best thing that you can ever imagine. Amen. Oh, glory to God. After that, Peter understood in first Peter, it says, "Belove, think ye not strange." Concerning the spirit tries, which is to try you as though some strange things happen to you, behold, rejoice in so much as ye are partakers of Christ suffering, that when this glory shall be revealed, ye shall be also glad also with exceeding joy. Amen. Peter understood that taking side with Jesus has a cost. It comes with a cost. But he understood also that I have to fight. Amen. Amen. You're fighting a battle by identification. You can you just imagine this battle did not start today. It started a long time ago. Amen. You just fighting this battle because you decided you made the choice to be on Jesus side. And as soon as you made the choice to be on Jesus side, all hell break loose against you because you have taken your position. You were brave enough to s I'm going to live for Christ. Amen. And there is a reward that for for you. Amen. The battle that is going on is the battle between right and wrong. Yes. the hell and and heaven, God and Satan, Jesus and and uh uh uh this guy what his name the one who uh uh uh betrayed Judas, right? Jacob and Esau, this battle I started a long time ago has been pardoned that same way. The tree of life versus the the the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, the true vine and the false vine. Yeah. Let me def Let me tell you tonight that battle is not your battle. There you go. It's the Lord's battle. It's something that already started. You just took side with Jesus Christ. You are dealing with the suffering. But yet there is a glory that is ahead of you. Praise God. The battle of the brave. The greatest battle ever fought. Brother Benam says this 62 you know he says this great the first battle that ever fought begin in heaven. And when Michael and the angel fought against Lucifer and his angel it started the first battle was in heaven and sin did not originated on earth. It originated in heaven and then it was thrown down from heaven cast out of heaven to earth and fell on human being. So that battle that was a angelical battle became a human battle. It continues to say then the battle from angel became human battle and Satan come to destroy God creation and what God had created to be for itself. Right? He had Satan come to destroy it. That's what his purpose was was to destroy it. He lost the battle in heaven. When he fell on earth he says I'm going to destroy everything that God made. So anything that is on the earth including you and I, we are Satan has the purpose to destroy us. Because the prophet is telling us here that's Satan's purpose. So if you know the purpose, you already have the key of everything. Are you with me? Because if we go into battle, I know your secret. Then I mean you're going to lose the battle. That's it. Praise the Lord. So let me just say this tonight. Every single one of you, have the key or have the secret of Satan. Amen. Oh, glory to God. You are the secret service, the secret service of heaven. Amen. You are the CIA of heaven. You are the Mossads of heaven because you already know the tactic of the enemy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Oh, glory to God. We have secret agent in here in this room tonight who knows Satan's plan fully from the beginning to the end. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. First Peter chapter 5:8, it says, "Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, has a rolling roaring lion walking about seeking whom he may devour. whom resist steadfast in the faith knowing that the same affliction are accomplished in your brethren that in the world in other word but resist him. Amen. Be firm in your faith. Yes. You see be firm to to be firm you have to be confident in what you got. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Are you with me? Amen. You must be firm to what God has put in your life. Look at this greatest battle ever before I continue. It says, "So let cast out the evil one." Look at what the prophet is saying. Amen. Let take our position like the star of heaven. Amen. 55. Yeah. As the Bible speak wondering star. Just watch with me right over in the book of Jude forming out of the own shame and we don't want to be wondering star wonder if this is right wonder if death is right wonder if it will happen he says how can uh how it could be don't wonder stay like those stars of heaven as a real soldier at his post of duty stand there and he says what? Believing. So the only way you can stand in your position, you stand believing. Don't just stand wondering. That's right. Amen. You know, a wandering star is a celestial object that appear to shift their position in the sky. Amen. Amen. When the weather is cold, I get cold. When it's hot, I become hot. is now it's you know it's like in the natural but now in the spiritual is the same. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. What is the time when we used to worship God and clapping our hands and jumping and all of it now we getting cold. Are we wondering star or we are standing in opposition? Praise the Lord. In good time in bad time I must be able to serve God the same. Praise the Lord. Thank you Jesus. So watch what the prophet says here. This soldier appointed to fight. If you are a soldier tonight, you need to be appointed to you are appointed to fight. Amen. Brother Brandham says something question and answer on Genesis. It says when God created me, William Brandham, it says I was before the foundation of the world. He made my being, my spirit. I wasn't conscious of anything as far as I know. He says, but I was there. Amen. Amen. Amen. Watch this thing. Very important. He says, I was there. Remember Job? God asked him where were you? Job did not have the revelation that you have. Amen. Oh, glory to God. When you ask me, meet me Ariel here. Brother Ariel here. Ariel, where were you? I was I will tell you I was in the mind of God before the foundation of the world. Amen. You see, Job when the question was asked, he did not have the revelation that you have. The seal the Oh, glory. The book was still sealed. But now that the book is open, you know your position. And then that's why William Brandon says, "I was there." Amen. Because that's a man who knows his position. He says, "Oh, I don't believe you getting it." But now just a minute. Jesus told his disciple that he knew them before the foundation of the world. And Paul says they that hear that and and said here that he chose us in him before the world began. That's Ephesians chapter 1 verse three. It says now there was some part of me on my level and I think and the rest of you all here there is there is in Christ in Christ Jesus before the world ever begun. He says here is to analyze that I think that the people today are obsessed with this spirit or the spirit and part of this angelic being spirit which rotated off of God that never fell in the beginning and resisted the devil's lie in heaven. Amen. So when you were in the mind of God, you resisted against the the devil then. So if you resisted then, you will resist here. Those that fought against Michael and they were thrown on earth, they lost the battle, they're going to lose the battle here. If I won there, I will win here. Hallelujah. That's right. So if I was there as a victorious, I will be victorious here. Amen. That's what really is trying to tell you. Oh, glory to God. I feel like dancing this evening. [Applause] He is faithful. Amen. He is faithful. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Let me let me change the gear a little bit here. Numbers chapter 13 verse1. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Send our men," you know, he sent the 12, the leaders of every single tribe. Is that right? He send them, you know, go and and spy the land and all of it. That's right. Are you with me? Amen. The the leaders of every tribe, the head of every tribe. Just bear with me. There's a reason why I'm repeating these things. The head of every tribe. Verse 25. And they returned from searching. That's after they went into the land. Verse 25. And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they went and came to Moses and Aaron and all the congregation of the children of Israel unto the wilderness of Pam to Kadesh and brought back the word unto them and and unto all the congregation and showed them the fruit of the land. He's like, "Oh yeah, definitely. This is you know these are the fruit that you guys said. I mean that's that's true, right?" And they told him saying, "We came into the land when that sendth us and surely watch what they're saying here. And surely he flowth with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it. Amen. Amen. But we just read in Deuteronomy chapter 20 verse 8, watch now very carefully 28. It says, "Nevertheless," what do you mean nevertheless? Yeah, right. It says, "Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land and the city are world. every great and moreover we saw the children of Anak there. The Amalachite dwell in the land of the south and the Jebusite and the Amorite dwell in the mountain and the Canaanite dwell but the sea and the coast of Jordan. Watch the believers now. Yeah. Did they really see the enemy? Yeah. Did they see the giant? Yeah. Amen. Were they eye declaring it? Yes. Yeah. Were they strong? Absolutely. Yes, they were strong. But watch the approach of a believer. Watch the approach of a believer here. And Caleb still the people before Moses. He said, "Let us go up at once." Amen. and possess it for we are well able to overcome. How in the world I'm seeing giant I'm seeing wars. I'm seeing all of these things. You telling me that we're more than able? Yes, saints. These things happen in our own life. Yes. Praise the Lord. These battles are happening in our own mind every single day. Mhm. Yes. You get caught into this spirit that has taken 25 years that you cannot be delivered of. You wonder God, this thing looks so big. But Caleb stood before Moses and the congregation. He says, "We are more than able." Not just able, more than able. [Music] That's why saint it doesn't matter what is happening in your life. You are more than able. We approaching these things from the battle of the brave. We're talking about braves. You are more than able. Let me say it tonight. If there is anybody that is sick tonight, take God's word. You see what will happen. Amen. We are more than able. We are more than able. Brother Bam says this in this great warrior Joshua. It says Joshua and Caleb when they heard all this murmur. The people said, "Oh, it can be done. It can be done." Caleb run out in the midst of the people and quietened them. Said, "Yes, it can be." Yes. Amen. He acknowledged Yes. It can be. Of course they are giants. Amen. Joshua stood by him said certainly can be. God is giving it to us. Amen. Amen. Are you with me? Amen. I like that. Yes, sir. What was it? They were positionally born in Christ. Amen. You see now wondering they were positionally Amen. born in Christ. Amen. They had a knowledge of the word and the word became becomes manifested. So they heard the word, they knew the word and that word was coming to manifestation. Now the manifestation is when the trouble comes. It's not when everything is good. You need courage when things are off. When things are are wavering all over the place, that's when you need it. That's when everything comes to manifestation. You show your colors in the time of trial. Praise the Lord. In the time of adversaries, in the time where things are getting too serious. Amen. Let me continue to read. Amen. Remember everyone of those watch. Oh, I like this. It says, "Remember, everyone of this Israel heard the word of God preached to them." Did they hear the word? Yes, they heard the word. It was preached to them. It says, "But it only taken effect upon Caleb and Joshua." Yes. To realize what it was all about. Amen. It's not just going to church and listen to the word. Everybody listens to the word. Amen. But what we need for the church of the living God is the effect of the word. You see, we don't want to see just claims. We want to see the effect of the word. When we talking about revival, everybody jumping. Oh yeah, we need a revival. Saint let's start a revival in me. In the w revival they came and say oh you know we we looking for the w revival. The guy stood up and says I am the the white revival. You're looking for the bread revival. There are people that are standing that are actually telling you there is a bride revival. Thank you. Oh glory to God. When the move of God is flowing all over this church and people are not seeing it. God is working. Hallelujah. Don't wait for a pre super preacher to come and know is happening in people's hearts. What is bringing you into this present? What brings you to church is there is a power that is inside of you that is pushing you is going to be okay. Be brave. Be courageous. Don't fear. Everything will be okay. Thank you. You are sick in your body. You say, "I will still go to church." Amen. People look at you and say, "Where are you going again?" "I'm going to church." I'm like, "You sick? Where would you go to church? I still go to church." You see, I will go to church and I will be healed. I know. Glory to God. You must you probably, you know, I see grandma last time coming in. Oh my. What what what excuse can we give ourself and not showing up to church? When somebody in that condition will still come to church. Amen. Amen. Just because of a headache. Oh, wow. I can't I can't make it to church today. I'm saint. We are in the battle. This is not a picnic. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You know, there is a blessing in staying with the word of God. You know, not to give credit to me, you know, my wife and I just lost a baby last year. Yes. I saw her coming to church in that condition. And many of you just didn't know the baby already passed away when she was here. That was hard. But there is a blessing. But the one knows there is a blessing, God's reward. God blesses just for standing for him. Even if you hurt, even if it's hard, just stay there. He He's faithful, church. Hallelujah. God want you to believe. What would he tell you something and lie? He cannot lie. There's one thing that God cannot do is lie. He cannot say something and change his mind. You have to trust him. Thank you, Lord. You know, I challenge you to trust him and come if he does not do if you fully believe in him, you fully trust in him. If he doesn't do it, come to me and say, "God did not do I don't believe God anymore." He is faithful. This is no longer the time to be afraid. Oh, can God answer? No, no, no, no. It's no longer the time to wonder. It's the time to stand and say, "I believe it. Even if you don't give it to me, I will still come to church. I will still serve you. I will still give you the best even if I'm weak." Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Lord. Then after the sacrifice, after the labor, he's giving you words. You know, there's a scripture here that said, "Fear not, little flock." For it is your father good pleasure to give you the kingdom. Amen. Why are you fearing? You know, you know how many time God says fear not in the Bible? almost 365 times. 365 times. It says don't fear. Don't fear. But you, oh God, there's this thing going on. I mean, this thing will happen to me. He's just telling you, don't fear. Just trust me. Just keep walking. Everything will be okay. Brother Benham says something deep calling onto the deep. He says, "Admire anything that got courage." Yes. Everything. Anything I like. Sorry. Anything I don't like is the wishywashy so-called Christian. That's right. I like men and women says it's God's word. Amen. I humbly accept it and I believe it and I live by it. God grant the day when men and women will be just what they confess to be. It wasn't if it wasn't for Christ, I will be today against him. Amen. He says, "But I believe him." I'm ready to die for the hope that lays within me of him. Praise the Lord. God need men and women that are courageous. That are brave and say, you know, I'm going through this, but I'm looking for an opportunity to overcome. Amen. Can you imagine there's trouble somewhere. You just come and say, I need trouble. You you going instead of running away from the enemy, you're going in the offensive s church. This is the time where we going offensive. It's no longer the time. Oh, I'm defending. I'm trying. Oh, God. These things are No, no, no, no. It's the time where we going offense and say, "Okay, uh what's going on? Let's let's go to battle, pastor. Is there anything else that we need to pray about? Is there anybody that has a need? I want to stay in church and pray a little bit more here." You know, you going to the office. Oh, yeah. I'll pray for all the brothers today. I'm just going to consecrate myself just for the You're going offensive. The devil doesn't even know to he won't even know what to do with you. That's right. Because you're already coming from different direction. Amen. It's not just there are people in the Bible. Huh? Sisters, I I got something. Judges chapter 4. It's not on my notes there. It talks about jail. How many of us have read the book of Judges? The Bible talks about Jel. There's one thing that caught my attention, you know. And J went verse 18. And J. Oh, okay. J uh J went out to meet Cesyria. And said unto her, turn him my lord. Turn into me. Fear not. And when he had turned into her into the tent, she covered him with a mantle. And he said unto her, give me I pray thee. You can read the whole chapter maybe at home. and a little water to drink for I'm thirsty. And she opened a bottle of milk and gave him milk and cover him. Again he said unto her stand at the door in of the tent if he shall be when any man doeth come and inquire of these said is there any man there thou shall say no. Watch this. This is the woman that is anointed for that for that hour. Are you the enemy is coming to your house to give him milk and all of these things. Watch this thing now. Verse 21. Watch what the Bible says. Then Abra's wife, this sister was married. She was somebody's wife. But watch what she did. Took a nail of the tent and took an hammer in the hand and went softly unto him and smote the nail into his temple and fasted it into the ground. For he was fat, asleep, and weary, so he died. In the time of the judges, a sister that is married, you say, "No, I'm part of this battle, too. I can't just sit like this." And some say, "Oh, yeah, I'm married. My husband has to fight all the battles." No, this woman here. Yeah, that's right. Hallelujah. This mother, she took a nail in the hammer and said, "No, let me kill this guy, too. I have an opportunity." And it is written in the book of Judges. That's right. Because of the anointing of the day, it was not just men. Women also were this had the same anointing to destroy the enemy. You see what I'm saying? No excuse nowadays. Huh? Yes. What about Esther? She stood up and said, "If I perish, I perish." Huh? Hallelujah. She was determined to set her people free. You know, Modi said, "You have come to this kingdom for such a time as this." Is that right? That's what Modi said. For her to do the act, she had to realize that I have come to this kingdom for such a time like this. You have come to the kingdom of God for such a time like this. You have received the baptism of the Holy Ghost for such a time like this. [Applause] Are you with me? You are chosen, elected, set aside for service, anointed to destroy your enemy, are you with me? That's right. Oh, glory to God. You have come to this kingdom, the kingdom of heaven. For such a time like this that's a sister now Shadak Mesh and Ago the king decreed that every man that will you know will not bow down will be thrown in the fifest was you know it was even heated seven times the king might have said oh my goodness I'm going to burn these guys I'm going to burn them and the religion those guys stood up he says no we will not bow down and brother Bam says They looked at one another. He says, "Hey, Shadrach, Meshach, did you did you pray?" Say, "Yeah, I pray. Are you sure we are you you about to change your mind?" He said, "No, I'm not changing my mind. It's going to happen." Hallelujah. It says, "Our God is able to deliver us." Now, it says, "Nevertheless, if he does not, if he decides to change his mind, He says even if it does not help us, we will still not back down. You know when God sees such a faith, you know, brother says in heaven all the angels gathering. He says, "Father, have you seen what is going on on earth?" He said, "Yep, yep, Gabriel, I saw that w stood up. He says, you please, you know, I destroy I destroyed the world in the time of Noah. Do you want me to go there?" Listen, I I've been watching them since last night. I I've been I've been I've been watching the s since last night. Praise the Lord. Don't worry about it. I got it under control. And few minutes later, brother says he stood up out of his throne. Hallelujah. Where did we find him? On earth as the fourth man. You see, you have to be so balanced and neutral. that even if God deliver me, I'll be happy. But even if he doesn't do it, I will still not bow down. You talking about bravery. You talking about courage. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. You see, but Revelation, they didn't want, you know, they were willing to sacrifice their life. I'm going to read this. First Kings 21 to Ahab spake unto Nabbath. How many of us know Nabboth? That's right. Saying, "Give me that vineyard that I may have it for a garden of herbs, because it is near unto my house, I will give thee, and for a vineyard and eat it. If it seems good to thee, I will give thee the worth of money." Right? This man called Nab stood up. He said, "No." Never said unto him, the Lord forbid to me that the Lord forbid me that I should give the inheritance of my father unto thee. Amen. I'm not going to give my inheritance. This is mine. Amen. I know why my father has suffered for this. I'm not going to give it away. Amen. Even if you're the king, even if you give me money, I'm not going to give up. Amen. You have an inheritance. Amen. Let me just say this thing. For the sisters and the brothers, you have an inheritance. Your own body, right? What is happening outside? Let me just say this. Barry, please. Excuse me. Sisters, you still have to keep yourself. the young ones. There's a lot going on. You must keep. It's your inheritance. It's precious. It's something that you don't play with it. Amen. Even us brothers, you you have to keep it. God's with Are you sleeping? You know, it's our inheritance. I don't want anybody to The reason I did is that we don't have to sleep because it's our inheritance. It belongs to us. Amen. Amen. Our children, the Bible says here, our low children are an inheritance of the Lord. And the foot of the womb is his reward. As arrows in the hands of a mighty man, so are the children of your youth. You have to understand that your children are your inheritance. Amen. You see your inheritance. You don't play with your inheritance. So when God Can you just imagine how many children die every day? But God give you a child. Amen. It's your inheritance to protect it. God gives you a church, it's an inheritance. He give you a good pastor, it's an inheritance. He give you a good wife, a good husband, it's an inheritance. You have to keep it. You said stand up that day like Nabbath. You said no. God forbid it to me that will forsake, I will reject, that will give away my inheritance. It belongs to me. I fought for it. You know, I waited 25 years before I get married. You know, it's your when you get married, it's your inheritance. You don't you don't give it to somebody else. It looks like time is pass now. I'm I'm trying to close up here. You know, enticing spirit. Brother Benham says this. Brother Benham says this. and testing spirit says, "Give me a preacher. Give me a Christian. Give me a housewife that is a Christian." That's right. Give me a farmer, a factory worker that will put God first in everything. I will show you a man will be successful in spite of all the devil can put on him. Amen. Hey, you see it's even housewife. Yeah. Amen. You know your your stand for the word. You can't do something in secret. You're standing all night just praying as a mother. It will be rewarded publicly. It's when people look at your children and say, "Oh, what had happened?" Yeah. Why are they different? Yeah. Is because of your labor in secret. Auntie Wright had a burden for her children in secret. But one day she spoke the right thing. Thank you Lord. Praise the Lord. She says this is nothing but the truth. And brother I'm telly ask anything. If you need money, if you need the healing of your sister, just ask it shall be given to you. She looked back. She said, "No, I've been having this this burden for my children." She says, "Please Lord, give me the the salvation of my two boys. Oh, we have mothers that can also stand like right and claim the children. We want to claim the children tonight. Oh, brother one, you can claim your church. Hallelujah. It belongs to you. Every man that walks into that room belongs to you if you claim it. Lord, they are your inheritance. There are people that God trusted in your hand, sir. God will give us victory. Oh, glory to God tonight. Lord, I feel like the angels are all over this room tonight. Shall we stand? Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Father, for such a time like this, Lord. We glorify you, Lord God. We need a battle, Lord. We need grace, Father, tonight, Lord. Oh, glory to God. Oh, glory to God. Thank you, Father, for such a time like this, Lord. Oh, God. God, we want to claim every single one of your children that are probably all the young people that are out there in the world, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. We send you a force of the claim tonight. The Holy Spirit to go and find them wherever they are and bring them right into this house, oh God, that they can sacrifice their life fully for your gospel, Lord. We claim our family members, oh God. We claim our loved ones, oh God. Father, you are faithful, Lord. You are able to do something tonight. Oh God, may you send your Holy Spirit in this room tonight, Lord, to show us that you are the same yesterday, today and forever. Lord, we yield, we confess our sin, Lord God, we are not worthy to stand before you. But Lord God, with the word that you have placed in our heart that we can claim every single one of them, they are our inheritance, Lord. We love them, oh God. Father, bring them back, Father. We claim them, Lord God, that all the house of hell, Lord. may actually let the people of God to go. They are the the children of God. They are the elected of God. Lord, we want to thank you tonight, oh God, for such a time in your presence, oh God. Lord Jesus, thank you, Father. We humbly stand before you. We now worthy, oh God, may the great Holy Spirit, oh Father, stand. If if you can stand, may you touch the brother next to you, a sister that is next to you, can you hold on to them? Can you pray for them? Pray for them tonight. Just ask something and say, "Lord, please, may you bless my brother. May you bless my sister. Oh God, we want a revival in this room. We want a revival in this church. Father, you are able to do it, oh God. You are faithful, oh Lord God. And we trusted by your grace, that the great Holy Spirit of God, the one that is faithful, the one that has given us promises, oh Lord, that you will step into the sin tonight. That Lord God, those that need the baptism of the Holy Ghost, let the great Holy Spirit, oh God, come tonight, Father, and fill every heart. Lord God, you are able to do, Lord. You are faithful to do it, Lord God. Please forgive our sins, oh God. Forgive our iniquities, oh God, in anything that we have done wrong that displeas you. Lord, please forgive us, oh God. But we trust that, Lord God, that you are faithful. That Lord Jesus, that you have taken our sin and dropping in the se of forgetfulness. We are worthy. We are able. We are perfect, oh God. That's why our father Lord, we want to give you the glory tonight for such a time like this in your presence. Oh God, may you bless your servant. May you bless, oh God, every all your children that have come. Thank you for this moment in your presence. Oh God, we offer you our heart. Oh God, we yield oursel fully to you, God. You are able to do great things in our midst. We give you this Wednesday night into your hand, Lord. May the power of the Holy Ghost, oh God, sweep over this church, oh Father, tonight. You are faithful, God. You are faithful for your mercy. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you for your grace tonight, oh God. We give you the glory. We give you the honor, Lord. You are faithful, Father. Oh, glory to God. Glory to God. You are here tonight, oh father, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh Lord, send your power just now. [Music] Oh Lord, send your power just now. [Music] Oh Lord, send your power just now and baptize everyone. Oh Lord. Oh, send your power just now. [Music] Oh, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power just now and baptize everyone. Shall we pray? Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you tonight for your grace and your mercy. Thank you for this moment, oh God, that you have allowed us to be in your presence, Lord. All of these things, oh God, is just for your glory, Father, that this moment, oh God, Father, that your people will have the assurance to trust in you, Lord, to believe in your word that you are fighting the battle. Lord, they might be weak in the body, tired, oh God, dealing with different things, oh God, but you are faithful, Lord, we give you the glory tonight. Lord, your mercy and grace, Father. Lord, you worthy to be praised, Father. We love you. We appreciate you. May you bless every single one of your children tonight as we ask these things in the precious and wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We say amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Let's sing that verse. He never me. He never f me. He never f me yet. Never fail me. Jesus blood never fail me yet. There's one thing I know. Everywhere I go, Jesus love never fail me. Oh, he never failed me yet. He never failed me. Oh, Jesus, Lord, never fail me yet. There's one thing I know everywhere I go. Jesus love never fail me. Let's sing that again. Oh, he never failed me. Yeah. Never fail me. Yeah. Jesus Lord never fail me. Yeah. This one thing I know. Everywhere I go. Jesus love never fail me. The last time now. Oh, he never failed me yet. He never failed me yet. Jesus never fail me [Music] yet. There's one thing I know. Everywhere I go, Jesus love has never failed me. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. That was wonderful tonight. That was wonderful. Amen. The word. Praise the Lord. Okay, go right ahead. Today I felt like talking to saints and just saying what we need to remember. Everybody out there in the world. [Music] And when he preach amen, praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that. I'm feeling so much better after preaching of the word tonight. I'm feeling so much better. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. We'll see you on Sunday. But let's sing this as we just rejoice in the word talking about the Lord. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about Let's clap our hands now. I'm feeling so much better talking about this good old way. I'm feeling so much better talking about the Lord. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go. Let's go talking about. You know the devil do not like it when we talking about this good. Oh, the devil do not like it. Talking about the So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about I'm feeling so much better talking about this good old way. I'm feeling so much better talking about the wall. So, let's go on. Let's go on talking about his good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the war. The devil do not like it talking about this. The devil do not like it talking about the Lord. So let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. We are dismissed in Jesus name. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. My counsel Lord the prince of peace. What a mighty God is he. He save me and keep me from my sin and shame. Oh wonderful is my redeemer praises me. Oh, he's wonderful, wonderful. Jesus is my counselor and the prince of peace. A mighty God is he. He's saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise. Say one more time now. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. My counselor and the prince of peace. What a mighty God is he saving me and keeping me from my sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer praise name. Oh, he is wonderful, wonderful. Jesus is to me, my counselor and the prince of peace. What a mighty God is he is saving me and keeping me from all sins and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name.
