################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-05 - Jun 4, 2025 Wed Service Bro Bloteh Won - The Word Discerner of the Thoughts & Intents of the Heart - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-05
Title:    Jun 4, 2025 Wed Service: Bro Bloteh Won - The Word: Discerner of the Thoughts & Intents of the Heart
Speaker:  Bloteh Won
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W2NA6a0cERE
========================================

Description:
Online Wednesday Service starts at 7:30pm
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you tonight. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Uh good to come together this Wednesday night and and just lift our voice to the Lord. Let's sing this chorus. Uh uh change my heart to God. Make it ever truth. Oh Lord, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Yes. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Thou are the porter. Thou art the pter. I have a claim. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. May I be like you. One more time. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh [Music] God, make it ever true. Yes, Lord. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. For thou art the portter. I am a claim. Lord, move me and change me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. What a music softly played tonight. Let's bow our heads together. Let's just bring thanks to the Lord tonight for giving us this opportunity to come together and bless his name and and just glorify him and worship him in a way that uh our heart can be able to draw close to him tonight. Whether uh we are praying from the back of our staring, praying from uh our home, wherever we are tonight, let's just lift our voice in thanksgiving to the Lord for his wonderful blessings, his wonderful grace and love and mercy. Let's pray together in Jesus' name. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we come together tonight Lord Father to bring praise, Lord, to bring thanks, to bring worship to you, oh God, we thank you, Father, for giving us, Lord, another opportunity, Lord, Father, that God, we can come, Lord Jesus, oh Father, into your house, Lord, we can say like David, Lord God, I was glad when he said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord, oh Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, Jesus, for you have post put such gladness in our heart, Lord. Father God, Lord Jesus, oh but giving us a desire, Father God, to seek your face, a desire, Lord, to call upon your name, Lord God. A desire to lift out our hands to you, oh God. Precious Lord, we just want to thank you this evening, Father God. We want to bring evening sacrifice of praises to you and say oh God that word of God of the morning Lord you are the same this evening father Lord we thank you oh father for this day watching over our going out in our coming in oh precious Lord and once again father giving us Lord another opportunity father God lord Jesus oh at your foottool God father where we can come together as your children, Lord Jesus. And oh God, Father, and just express, oh God, Father, bring our our hearts to you, Lord. We thank you tonight, oh God. We praise you. We glorify your holy name. Thank you for this opportunity, Lord God. You have given us, Lord. Thank you, Father, for watching over us since the last time we were here. You bless us tremendously on Sunday with your presence, with your word, oh God. Father, here Lord God, we come again Lord this evening and say precious Lord Jesus come oh Father Lord God come and meet with us Lord come and deal with us oh Father Lord God every praise and every glory and every honor Father belongs to you because you are our rock you are our defense Lord you are our present help in time of trouble what a awesome God you are father what a blessed Jesus oh God Oh yes Lord Jesus we thank you tonight father truth you are the portal Lord we are just clays in your hands so father thank you Lord God for taking your word the spoken word of the hour Lord and mouring our lives oh God to be sons and daughters of God in this time in this age oh father Lord to be able to stand for your name's sake oh God we give you every praise oh father Lord we join the saints oh God that are standing Lord Father God in all place lifting up their hands to you this evening. Oh father, we just bless your name. Oh God, we thank you, Father. We glorify you. We magnify you, Lord Jesus. We say let the Lord arise and let the enemy be scattered. Oh God, come father, Lord Jesus, and may bow with us tonight, oh God. Come, Lord, and bless us in your presence. Oh father, Lord, thank you for watching over, oh God. Father, Lord, our daily activities, Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord, we are so grateful Lord God to have this opportunity to come in your house tonight. Father, we thank you. Come and be with us, Lord Jesus. Oh, wonderful Savior. We love you tonight. We appreciate you, Father. We glorify your holy name. What an excellent God. What a wonderful father. What a wonderful Jesus you are. You are so good, Lord. We love you tonight. We love you tonight, Father. Yes, Lord. Oh, God. Blessed be your holy name. Let's sing that chorus together. You deserve the glory and the honor. For we lift our hands in [Music] worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. [Music] Oh, we lay our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name, for you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Let's sing that one more time. You deserve the glory. Yes, Lord. And the honor, Lord, we lift our hands in worship. As we lift your holy name, you deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. And as we lift your holy name, oh you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Lord, you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like [Music] you. We just want to lift a few knees to the Lord. Uh brother Harriet and his wife want to be thankful tonight. uh uh sister Naisha uh was able to give birth and uh um so they want us to just keep them in prayer. Pray that the Lord will bless the mother and the baby and uh we continue to strengthen our sister and bring healing to her body and uh we just want to thank the Lord for that. We want to also uh pray for uh sister Bridget that is also expecting and uh we want to commit in the in the hands of the Lord. Uh sister Roshia called from Canada this morning sending her greetings and also asking us to remember her in prayer. They have an unspoken prayer need that they want us to remember and bring to the Lord this evening. We just uh uh prayed with brother James just before we got into the service this evening and uh it's a little bit under the weather. You know, pray that the Lord will just uh touch our brother and uh uh we will remember it again all our traveling uh dear ones that are away hoping that uh uh they will be coming. Brother Ben and his family wife should be coming this uh weekend. We want to pray for brother Hillary and his wife also. and uh brother Dan, we just want to remember them and let us uh uh pray for one another and uh commit ourself in the hands of the Lord tonight as we take these knees to the Lord and in giving thanks. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we just want to thank you Lord God. Father, the prophet Isaiah said unto us a child is born. And oh God, we can say the same today, Lord. Father God, that unto us a child is born. Lord we thank you father for watching over our sister Lord girl father God and precious Lord Jesus and watching over the little one oh father we pray for little Joseph oh God father that oh Lord will be assuming the role of a big brother and pray oh God father himself Lord may you oh God father just uh take our dear sister through the healing process oh father god strengthen her body Lord Jesus and bless the little baby. Almighty God, we pray father Lord that your grace Lord Jesus will be father even with sister Bridget. We ask that God you will keep her Lord. Father God honor your protective care precious Lord. Oh dear God, Father we just want to stand in the gap tonight and lift up our hands Lord Jesus. Oh father, as we are remembering these ones and rejoicing with them, oh father God, we also pray Lord Jesus for many Lord in the house of faith that are trusting you oh God that are placing their heart before you father that you will remember them Lord God father Lord Jesus of a home of their own oh God father Lord Jesus Christ oh precious Lord you will bless them oh father Lord God with the gift of motherhood Lord precious Lord we just pray. Oh father, as we stand in the gap tonight, oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, what a wonderful savior you are, oh God, what Lord Jesus, a blessed father you are, we pray, oh God, tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus, as we remember, oh father God, every every family, Lord Jesus, oh God, every household, Lord, oh God, precious Lord and Father, you see our needs, oh God, Father, Lord, Oh precious Lord, this revelation of Jesus Christ, oh God, this opening of this word, oh father, is something, oh Lord God, you want us to bring home, oh God, father, in our life, in our relationship, with our husbands and wives, oh God. Oh precious Lord Father with our children Lord God and oh precious children with parents oh father almighty God precious Lord you said oh God father you are a city on the hill you said oh God we are a light that cannot be hid oh Lord Jesus so father we pray oh God that your grace will help us in this hour Lord help us oh father God in this hour precious Lord help our young people Lord God oh Father, Lord Jesus, the teenagers, oh God, we pray your grace would break upon their life. Oh God, Father, with all the changes in their bodies and the different things they are dealing with peer pressure, oh God, in the age of Father, we pray, oh God, you said when the enemy come as a flaw, the spirit of the Lord God will raise up a standard. So we ask that God, you will raise up a standard, Lord, and may they rise with that standard, Lord Jesus. Oh father we thank you. We appreciate you Lord. We glorify your name tonight. What an awesome God. What a wonderful father Lord. Almighty God we also pray Lord. Father Lord Jesus for the many Lord God that are also growing in age. Oh God father and get wearing Lord Father we thank you Lord Jesus. Lord the privilege oh father God. Oh dear Lord, that you grant the brother Wesley and this wife to have their daughter Lord Father feeling the burden Lord God Jesus to drive them down Lord Father we pray that you bless her Lord visit her Lord you know her needs oh God father bless brother Wesley and his wife Lord brother Steven Bird his family oh God father Lord we pray for sister Elizabeth Lord Jesus and we just commit all of these different ones Lord Father oh God we love you tonight. We love you. We appreciate you, Father. We glorify your holy name, Almighty God. Jesus, I just want to thank you, Lord. Father God, even Lord Jesus, just just to have the opportunity to be here tonight, oh God. Father, thank you for your grace, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, we love you tonight. We love you, oh God. What a wonderful savior you are, Jesus. What a blessed father you are, oh God. Oh sweet Jesus, we thank you father. We thank you precious Lord tonight. Almighty God, we once again Lord we just remember Lord God all the traveling ones. Your grace will be with them oh father God and Lord you will bring them back safely Lord Jesus. Oh eternal father we pray that your grace Lord Jesus even brother Bell traveled Father God over to Day yesterday. We ask that your grace or this morning actually father we ask that your grace lord father we also grant him a safe travel father lord and you bless our brother Lord God in all his endeavors. What a wonderful Jesus you are. What a faithful God you are tonight. We just love you. We thank you and we say blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your name Jesus. Thank you, Father. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul [Music] rejo. Yes, Jesus. He what you hear and let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Let's sing that one more time to him. Oh yes, I love you, Lord. And I live my [Music] voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice. Take your my king. What you hear? And let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Thank you, Father. Precious Lord, take from our hearts tonight. Oh God, just take from our hearts, Lord. Father God, uh all the unspoken needs, Lord, Father, all the the burdens of our hearts, oh God, we just want to give it to you tonight, Father. To you be the praise, to you be the glory and the honor, Lord. Bless us together now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song together. Jesus, take my hand. When I'm in uh prayer, I know the Jesus hold my hands. Yeah. Yes, that's my [Music] Okay, let's sing it now. Yeah. Jesus, hold my hands. I hear thee every hour and truth this land protect him by thy power. Yeah, my demon. Oh Lord, look down on me when I need a prayer. I know I meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh, let's sing that again. We sing Jesus to my head. I need the area and this pig land. Yeah. my people. Oh Lord, look down on me when I need a prayer. I know I meet you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh my. Let's see one of the things now as I travel through this. There is a friend who walks with me in his sibling through the king. It is the Christ of Calary. This will be my prayer Lord each day to help me do the best I can. Oh, I need a light to guide me there and thy blessed Jesus before my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need the area to this man. Protect me by the power. Yeah, my people bleed. Oh Lord, look out on me when I need prayer. I know I need you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh my. Let's take the next st. Let me travel in the light divine that I may see that way. Give me that I may be home. Be care someday. I will be a [Music] s friendly take a stand. And as I'm on door and daily the full blessing Jesus my hand. Oh Jesus, move my hand. [Music] I feel protecting my th Yeah. [Music] Oh, look out on me when I need a prayer. I know I need you there. Blessed Jesus. Oh [Music] my. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you for the music. We will just take our Bibles and uh we will read and share the little thought with you tonight. Thank you for your prayers. It's good to see brother Lawrence in service tonight and uh we we want to thank the Lord for helping our brother believing that God will will bring him through a perfect healing. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just before we get what we want to share tonight, let's uh or just for the reading, let's go to the book of Hebrew. Let's go to Hebrew. Hebrews chapter 4. Hebrew chapter 4. Let's read from uh verse 9. Let's read from verse 9. Hebrew chapter 4. There remainth therefore a rest to the people of God. For he that is entered into his rest, he also has ceased from his own works. as God did from his. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same examples of unbelief. For the word of God is quick and powerful and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing the sun of the soul and the spirit and of the joints and the marrow and is a descender of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. And neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight. But all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do. Seeing then that we have a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God, let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched with the feelings of our infirmities, but was in all point tempted like as we are yet without sin. Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need. Amen. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat tonight. I used that just for uh a scripture reading and I I just wanted to get get to something tonight. Uh I've been trying to get around and and speak on uh uh the subject of the lawgiver. And uh uh but I was I was glad that uh uh I didn't try to speak on Sunday. I was actually out of faith. I was tired. And uh but the Lord reward us. Amen. And he gave us a good service. Praise the Lord. We thank the Lord for the words. We thank uh uh the Lord for using brother Ariel to bring the word. And uh and like we said, he and the wife uh uh had a baby today. And uh she's a 10 plus pound girl. Amen. So she's a 10 plus pound girl. She's trying to catch up with Joseph right away. She's trying to catch up with little Joseph right away. We thank the Lord for that. So we pray that the Lord will give the mom and the baby speed of recovery. Now this this uh uh uh little little thought here uh I want to share the um just few quotes with you before I get into what I want to speak tonight. Not really speaking but just to encourage you. Now, this this uh uh uh scripture uh really hit me and I never really never thought about it and uh uh in the way that is written. That's Hebrew chapter 4:12. And I'll read that again. For the word of God is quick and powerful and is sharper than any and two edges swore piercing even to the dividing the sun of the soul and the spirit. So the word uh uh separate our soul and spirit. Let me say it that way. He identify our spirit man. He also identify you know uh our soul uh and uh and uh Paul goes on to says that uh piercing even to the dividing the sun of the spirit and the soul and uh to the joints and the and and the maron. So you will realize that uh uh like the uh uh the scripture says I think David said that in the psalm he sent his word and he healed our disease. Praise the Lord. So uh uh uh you know like like uh brother Banimo says the doctors can put a broken hand together but God will have to bring healing. Okay. The word will have to go to the maron of your bone to be able to bring healing for that for for those uh joints to be able to lift again. Praise the Lord. So it's the word that brings healing. If uh uh I mean if we would just once again realize uh what we have in our hands what uh what we are dealing with called the word of God. It is not just uh letter written on pages. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word is God. Praise the Lord. Okay. The word is God. So we we realize yet is the the word brings healing. Uh Solomon said that in uh in the book of proverb, you know, uh uh and and uh what I want to get to is is this part here that I really did not pay lot of attention to and is a descender of the thoughts and the intents of our heart. Praise the Lord. Now, as we talk on this subject, we've been we've been trying to to to get to it. We not not not really good. But you will see here that the word which is God discern our thoughts and the intents of our hearts. Praise the Lord. And as I was thinking on this, I thought I say uh in lamentation he says his mercy is renewed every morning and is by his mercy that we are not consumed. Just to be able to realize that God looks at the intentions of our heart. sending over and over, brother Brandon would would teach us about looking at your motives and objectives. You know, a person might be trying to say something and say it the wrong way and we may judge them about it. We may get angry about it, you know, but God that judge it the intention of the heart may never be offended. Are we together? And I mean it's just it it it blessed me so much to see how you know just like he told Samuel in the house of Jesse, man looks out the outward but God discern the heart. Okay. We we we we judge one another by the outward by what we see, you know, and and and some of the things we hear. But God discern the heart, the intention of the heart. Praise the Lord. And uh uh uh when we get to to uh uh Matthew chapter 5 and try and and starts to look at some of the things in Matthew chapter 5, you you will you will you will realize how you know uh how deep it is. I was talking to one of my young friend tonight and and uh doing a little bit of lecturing and counseling and uh uh uh there there is something about our spirit man that we have not really come to grab and actually that is the real you. Amen. That is the real you. You see uh just like uh uh uh Paul says here, the word uh uh uh uh uh goes to the dividing aunderder of the spirit and the soul. And and that's what the word deals with. That's that's actually what God deals with is the inside of us. Praise the Lord. He start dealing with us inside. And when the word bring conviction to the inside, then we can bring this body to subjection to the word. Are we together? But you will see that uh is is is a is a word by itself. It's a word. You think about it. I mean you can you can sit right there or sit in your home and you can imagine and by imagination you can travel. That's your spirit. That's how powerful your spirit is. By imagination you can be able to go back to things in your life. You can go back to things in your life and and and I mean when you when you really del into those things just by imagination you can start getting some of the feelings. That's how powerful the human spirit is. Now, the Bible says uh uh uh uh uh love the Lord with all of your heart, with all of your mind, with all of your soul, and all of your strength. And all of those things are visible. Those things we don't have uh h uh control over them. They are not tangible like you I like I can hold my hands like this. I can't hold my spirit. You see? So there is there is just there is just so much in the word of God. so much in the word of God that if God can just help us for us to pass this flesh, if he can just help us for us to be able to pass this flesh now, how my body feels, how my face look and all of that, it does not mean that we shouldn't take care of ourself But this thing is not the actual thing. Praise the Lord. The actual you, it's inside. And what and what the word of God is doing. Every time you read it, every time you come into fellowship with faith, the word of God is making you to discover you. The word is revealing yourself to you. And as you as you begin to to uh uh to look I mean this I mean it's just it's just so powerful as you think about it. Look at this. Think about this. Abraham, the father of faith, he went down to Egypt and uh uh and I mean he got so terrified. He's just he's just a you know a young man or a middle-aged man. He's so terrified. He's going down to this place. He have his wife uh you know she's a young pretty woman. They don't have children to be able to identify that it is his wife. And uh uh when they get down there, Abraham tells Sarah, tell them that you are my sister. Are we together? Okay. Abraham is telling the lie that that is a lie. In one sense, Sarah is his sister, but now with the relationship be between them is they are the young sister. Amen. Praise the Lord. At one time I could tell anybody that uh uh this is my sister, sister Aaron, this is my sister. But now I will I will rather say this is my wife because there is a relationship that is beyond us being brothers and sister I mean in the faith now. So he's he's uh he's uh he's telling his wife and she's you know uh and he went down there and all of that and yet God comes down to deal with uh Aimilec and he's telling God and say Lord you know the integrity of my heart. Praise the Lord. You know, he said, "God, you know the integrity of no way I would do this if this man never told me, but on what basis? On what basis is God telling Aimilec, go to this man and let him pray for you?" On what basis he discerned the intent was Abraham intention was just to blindly lie or he was boxed into it because of the situation he was in. So you see it comes to the place if a person take it as a you know that that now you have a new license to to tell lies and cheat and do any other thing I mean you would just be uh putting trouble on yourself. But the reason why I'm bringing this is because uh uh you know uh sometimes and and and some of the things we deal with and some of the things you know our our our young people and and elderly people and whatever we go through you know uh uh uh is is is just at a place where we have to realize how God is dealing with our heart. Praise the Lord. You have to see how the word is dealing with your heart. Look at your intention. Are we together? Now, so I pull these two calls tonight and and uh and then I will just uh I'll just go into sharing few things with you not to keep you long tonight. impersonation of Christianity. Brother Ben said this now he's he's talking about uh uh you remember the story of the little boy that put the the afrobat together and uh and was using it for praying. He says that's the prayer of sincerity. Certainly he could not put them together is not how we pray in our lips is the motive of our heart is what God years. Praise the Lord. Amen. And you see that's that's where true repentance comes because you are not making excuses before the Lord. You are actually telling him how you feel. You are telling him how you feel. You're not making excuses. You are not finding somebody to blame. You are just telling him, "Lord, you you you know my heart. I I I really want to serve you. I really want to break free from this thing." What whatever it is, you know, I'm just I'm just creating a scene here. And uh and and and and you you are telling him your I mean your heart because here's the truth. If God was not discerning the intents of your heart, he would judge and condemn you. There is no way you'll be able to find grace. There is no way you'll be able to feel the sense of forgiveness that you can pray and ask God, "Lord, please forgive me or Lord, please help me." And you can feel that sense of forgiveness for you to be able to get up on your feet and continue to serve the Lord. Praise the Lord. It's not it's not how how we pray with our lips. I mean uh I mean not the many words we say and we we must be able to speak to God. We must be able to say things to him. We must praise him. We must express ourself. But let it be heartfelt. Let it be heartfelt. It is the motive of our heart is what God years. He sometimes don't hear our lips. He years our intentions, the motives of our heart. Praise the Lord. You see that all through scripture, you see that even in our lives. Praise the Lord. You see that because the word like Paul says here, the word is dealing with your spirit is uh is is is is finding that dividing line because right in that spirit realm are things that we inherit, things that runs down Full generation. You always see that the scripture says Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Full generation things that runs down four generation habits and and and and traits, family traits and and and different things that we deal with. It's all cave up there in our spirit man. It's all in our spirit. Those are the things that makes our spirit man. Are we together? Amen. Now that soul, it has only one sense. It has to be faith or doubt. Now faith and doubt, it has to be faith or doubt. Are we together? Now take for example I I I said this to you the other time. I really wanted to to to have enough time and just take the entire uh Matthew chapter 5. But Jesus Jesus in Matthew chapter 5 the first thing he will say in the biatitudes that word beatatitude means uh uh uh it means blessing. It means blessing. It means happy. But uh if you if you if you just take the word literally, you know, uh I was I was just I was thinking about it the last time. You know, if you just take the word literally and just sign it out and think about it, it is uh uh an attitude that we must become. But that's not what what we want to dwell on tonight. But just look at that. The first the first thing that he will say the first thing that he will say in Matthew chapter 5, he come out and say blessed are the poor in spirit. Praise the Lord. Amen. He will come and say blessed are the poor in spirit for the earths is the kingdom of heaven and all true Christianom. The Roman Catholic Church took this verse and uh and it says that uh the priest you cannot own anything because Jesus said blessed are the poor in spirit. You have to give up everything. And with this very same verse, I mean they they they have uh they they they corrupted the word in the sense that uh you know uh they take a young a young lady they see how rich her family is and they know that she she will inherit you know from uh from her parents because there is not a boy child she's the only child. And then they try to talk to the parents that this young lady, you know, uh uh uh can can serve the Lord, you know, uh she can come into the convent and and all of that. Now, she's not supposed to have anything. So, if she's inheriting everything of her parents, it definitely belongs to the church because she's supposed to be poor in spirit in the way that the church interprets it. Blessed are the poor in spirit also has has has created some very sloppy Christians. But that's not what Jesus meant. Are we together? That's not what he meant. Because you know uh uh uh uh no matter how how much a person you know try to p portray themsself uh you know uh uh of of obeying Paul and and uh and and and and having nothing and you know and and all of that. That's that's actually that's not what our Lord Jesus was trying to point us to here. But let's let's go let's go along. Let's let's just uh uh uh fellowship with that a little bit and see how uh how the grace of God will help us here. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so he starts off and he says, "Blessed are the poor in spirit." And now we have just tried to identify uh how the word sharper than a two-edged sword. It goes right in there to be able to separate our spirit from our soul. Amen. and uh uh uh that that faith part of you, that thing that God comes to redeem, that predestinated uh seed uh uh like uh uh a showed a little picture there on Sunday. You know, brother Bram say he dropped that seed in your soul is just just as small like a button is right there in your soul. But here said your spirit is is is your spirit cloud clouded in the way you are brought up. The things that uh you know uh uh your upbringing uh uh uh uh uh tradition and discipline and all of those things you know that's passed down from your parents cloud that uh uh that seed of God that is right there in your soul that will come to life when he hears the word of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. And yet here Jesus trying to bring to these people why a it appear like the keeping of the law was was burdensome to them because he's he's going to tell them, you know, he's going to tell them. Remember now as we read down, you will see you will see many of that. But he tells them right here. He says uh uh uh uh from the beginning it was not so. God gave man, you know, uh uh uh there was one man and one woman. But why he said that they went into uh uh putting away their wives? He said because of the hardiness of their heart, which of course it was an inward condition. Praise the Lord. That's the same way this blessed is the poor in spirit. It's a inward condition. Amen. The word of God now is coming as the word brings your truth identification is is now going to make you to start unloading some of those habits, unloading some of those family traits that you think that uh they were your personality. Are we together? Your word is going to help you to take away some of the hurt and some of the bitterness and and and those things that are in your spirit. Look at the condition of the young rich ruler. The Bible says when Jesus says, you know, I give to the poor and come and follow me. The Bible says he was he was a man of great possession. It was not his wealth because the Bible has already identified him as a young rich ruler. The things that he was possessing was his proud, his dignity, the name that I have, the way people respect me, the way he thought about himself, all of those things that were in his spirit. Sometimes it's the things that makes it difficult for people to say amen to the word. It makes it difficult for people to to bow down to the word and worship the word because they look at their person all of those things are just in things. So Jesus here is going to bring us to the place and says uh blessed are the poor in spirit men sons and daughters of God that will have the grace of God to be delivered in their spirit man. Oh Solomon will says a man that can control his spirit can run an entire city. A man that is able to bring his thoughts on a on a huh control, bring his feelings under control. It's not wrong to feel that way, but you don't have to allow that feeling to rob you. You don't have to allow that feeling to to to to deceive you. You can bring it quickly under control. Are we together? You look at this also. He says, "Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted." Now, you you you will also think that uh well, I mean uh uh the Bible say, "Blessed are they that mourn." You know, we got to just feel sorrow when people pass. And uh you know, that's that's a good thing. Solomon says that go to the house of of mourning. Go to the house when people pass. But that's not what Jesus is saying here. Once again, it's in war. is in war is is is is what David call a contract and a broken spirit. A person that is able to move for their wrong. Oh God, help me. Oh God, I need you. Lord, I'm tired with this. You are mourning for yourself. and you will be comforted because the Holy Ghost is the comforter. Praise the Lord. So you see, he's just he's he's going to deal with things within our spirit, man. He's going to deal with within of things. And that's what the word do. is a it's is it's is sharper than a two-edged sword. The word comes and and and is is is is trying to identify that thing in you to give you faith and uh down in your soul for you to stand on the word of God and also to be able to expose something in your life that is causing hindrance to you so you can get rid of it. Praise the Lord. Because the Lord knows the intention of your heart. He knows your intent. Amen. That's why the word comes for is is is sharper than the two-edged sword. You know what? And and we can we can take all of these things, you know. Blessed, blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. Blessed are they which do hunger and test after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Praise the Lord. See, test after hunger and test after righteousness. He's dealing as a dear Pedth after the water brs so punted my soul after day. That's what David said. As a dear as as water is to adear in a time of distress, so is the word of God to a son of God or a daughter of God. Is settling us with inside. Is dealing with us with inside. Are we together? is dealing with us with inside. And as you as you think on these things, as you think on it, I mean is uh blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. And it's so easy, you know, for the person to try to put on a meek attitude. No, it has to be a birth. It has to be something that the grace of God has done in our life. But tonight, I'm just trying to der on uh on that place for us to be able to see it that this word is not just what a man is saying from the back of the pullpit. And uh I mean uh uh God has different gifts and different ministry use people in different ways. a preacher can come and he I mean he can be right there on sin and and call sin out and and rebuke you and and and all of that. It's it's not uh it's not just uh you know the way the man says it that makes this the the service powerful or you know all his drama and all his emotional the word. Amen. You also have to realize that uh the word has its own personality. The preacher is just like a microphone. He's just a cher. And as the word being preached and we all hear the word, the Holy Ghost take different things to deal with every one of us. Praise the Lord. He takes different thing. It's not just like in a in a in a math classroom where the teacher want to make sure that everybody knows how to solve this math this way on the exam. That's how I want it. I want to see your you breaking things down this way. So everybody have to do the same thing. That's not the way the word does. The preacher will be preaching and the Holy Ghost will just take something as he's dealing with this brother on dead. He's dealing with the sister on something else. He's he's devouring to all of our needs. He's identifying things in our lives. He's also raising our faith to a level to make himself real to us. Are we together? Just like what uh uh Paul says here. I like the way he close closed this statement when he says here. He says uh uh uh discerning the intent the the thoughts and the intent of our heart. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his sight in the sight of the word. But all things are naked and open. Praise the Lord. If he knows the intents of our heart, he knows our desire, he knows our thoughts, he knows our strength, he knows our weaknesses, all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him with whom we have to do. The one that we are dealing with, he's he's serious. Amen. He means business when he comes down in the service. He means business. Praise the Lord. Because everything of us is is naked in his eyes. There is nothing that we can hide from him. He knows everything about us. He knows the intents of our heart. Praise the Lord. He knows our struggle. He knows everything that we went through uh h uh the day. He knows uh the thoughts that have frustrated our mind. But you see he comes he comes in the form of the word to start to start dealing with us individually. Praise the Lord. You see that's the place where psychology fails. That's the place where psychology fails because a man can use psychology and keep asking you question and you keep telling him and from the answer that you give him he asked you another question. So, so tell me and uh uh uh uh are you are you are you a breakfast person? No, you I'm not a breakfast person. Okay. Okay. Okay. And uh uh uh so if you don't eat breakfast, what time in a day do you eat? Says, "Well, uh between 10 and two." Okay. Okay. You you eat 10 and two in in the evening. Do you eat anything? Yeah. Yeah. I I I do snack and I take tea before I go to bed. Now it's it's from what you are giving him. He's using that to ask you more question. He's not giving you anything more than what you are giving him. That's not how the word deals with us. Praise the Lord. No, that's not how the word deals with us. the world goes down and and sometimes it pick up things in our life. Sometimes we think that we have already dealt with it. Sometimes we think I have dealt with it. I've you know I have forgiven the person. I have passed it. But there there is a lingering effect that could be lingering in your life that could that could that could be be a hindrance and something will be said. The Holy Ghost will pick that thing up and just take you back to that place. And you ask yourself, but I thought I deal with this. Why is it still making me mad? What? What is it making me mad? Are you seeing where I'm coming from? Like, you know, Brother Bramble says, if we if we if we only realize, you know, the word that is in our midst, Amen. is not enticing words of men wisdom. It's not to give us vain promises. You know, by by this year, everybody will get a new car. By this year, I know it's it's not to give us vain promises. It's it's a word that is that is there to transform our life to reveal to you who you are. That you are that son of God. You are that daughter of God. Praise the Lord. See that uh that uh beautiful example that uh A brought on Sunday, that woman at the well, she had she had a lot going on in her life. She had she just had a lot going on. Too much. But to find a man to find a man that could tell her you have five husband even the one you are living with man now he's he's not your husband to to find a man that could just go down in her life. She was just she was just trying to get by. Just trying to end this other day, not knowing what uh you know what the day holds and and and and I mean just just trying to just trying to I don't I don't know what what another disappointment is going to come. She I mean all of those things she had to deal with it. But you see, when the word gets there, when Jesus gets there and tell her, you know, uh, and and and and and you know, and and just and just unravel out of those things, the freedom that she had that she could drop her water pot and run and say, "Come and see the man that told me all the things that I've done." Just that liberty that she had, the freedom that she had to be able to tell people this man told me everything I have done. That's the power of the word. That's what the word want to do in our life. It want to unravel us from fear. It just it want to just take you away from fear for you to believe that the God that has kept you till now. He's more than able. He's more than able to bring his promise to pass in your life. He's not playing games. The word is not playing games. The purpose of the word is to get sons and daughters of God back in their place. No matter what our our our body goes through, the devil can can can you know uh uh mess with our mind or do whatever. But we standing on that promises. Amen. We standing on the word because we know the word is truth. That is just how much confidence we have in the word that God said it. I believe it. And that settle it. God said it. I believe it. Praise the Lord. I might not be there yet, but I believe it. If that promise have not come to pass in my life, it's not because the word is not truth. It's because I'm not there yet. is because I need his help. Praise the Lord. The people that the word is, you know, that becomes serious. The word becomes serious. Look at look at this. I'll close with this. This is this is just an hesitation tonight. We will pick up the subject on Sunday. I was actually going to ask that young man to preach. Uh but uh uh for some reason I just lingered a little bit because I was I was really feeling that uh the baby will come anytime soon. Look at this. Elijah came down and he told uh he told Ahab. He told Ahab and he says the dog is going to lick your blood. Okay. Because of the evil that you have done, you took Neba, you killed him for uh uh his father Via and the dog ate him. right in his father heritage in his own heritage. He says, "So the dog is going to eat you and you know and lick your blood." But look at this now. Elijah just said it. He said it, "Thou said the Lord, you know the dogs is going to lick your blood." But Elijah never called the names that would be in the player. He just said, "Thou said the Lord, the dogs is going to lick your blood." Are we together? Then before Elijah left while he was hiding on the mountain, the Lord came to him and said, "Elijah, what dost thou hear?" He said, "Lord, I'm the only one left." God said, "No, I have 7,000 that have not bowed down to B." Are we together? Are we together? I want you to see something now. And uh uh so God told him, Elijah, I want you to go down and anoint Elisher. Anoint Elisha in your still. And I want you to go and anoint Jood. I want you to go and anoint uh uh Aizer. And that's what God told Elijah. Elijah left down left the mountain. When he went down, he saw the young man plotting in the field and he throw his his mentor on the young man. It turned out that that that was Elasher. Are we together? Elisha went with Elijah until he said, "My father, my father, the chariot of Israel and the fire thereof." But he never anointed the other two men. Now the reason why I'm saying this is that uh uh I'm I'm I'm trying to bring this bring this because uh uh uh uh you know I' I've I've said this here before. I I saw brother Ariel uh referring to that on Sunday and uh it's it's it's something that brother Brandham taught us. How is the word is the seed that is predestinated. That's what I want to show you now. So, it's it's Elijah. God is telling Elijah, "Tell Ahab, the dog will lick your blood." That Ahab hijah said that. But Elijah himself did not even know how it will happen. Whether Ahab will get old and he will die in a tree or whether Ahab will had an accident, he didn't know. He just speak the word and then he leaves the scene. Are we together? But you see, because it's God's spoken word, the word becomes a mighty hunter. The word now is haunting for a person that will bring that word to pass. Are we together? Amen. Elijah leaves the scene. Elisha takes his place. He comes back across Jordan. He's going on his way. Elijah never instructed Elisha and says, "Anoint J and anoint Ahazer." He never said that to Elisha. But you see, because Elijah was anointed in Elijah place, the anointing has the power to do the work. Praise the Lord. When Jesus said, "This work that I do, greater work you will do." Amen. We we don't we don't have to go to Jerusalem and get baptized in the Jordan River. No. But the anointing, the same spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead, if it dwelt in you, it will quicken your mortal body. It will bring you to the same place to live that life. So is the word. It is the word. spoken word is the original seed. The word that God speak, his word never goes out and return to him. It's all in the word. It's not in our demonstration. It's in the word. The power of the seed is in the seed. Are we together? Amen. So, uh uh uh uh Elisha meet this young man Jod and he annoyed Jod. Now Jod now uh uh uh being annoyed by Elisha, he jumped on on on his hear and started running down, you know, and uh uh uh uh and he saw him. He says, "Well, there someone running down. It looks like Ju." He goes right there and and the Bible says he called all the worshippers of God into the house. You read the Bible, you found her dead. I mean he I mean he just bring all those everybody that is worshiping by come. You think you can worship by I worship by better than every one of you. Gather all of those people together and then he killed him. Now so it is the work of Elijah. what God told Elijah to do. The anointing came on Elisha in Elasha anoint Ju. The anointing of Elijah is destroying the worshippers of B. So it's the word God spoke the word. Are we together? Amen. And the word find the person to carry on. A virgin shall conceive. It didn't say marry. It said a virgin shall conceive. For 700 years or more, that word was looking for a virgin. It never said marriage. It could have been Susan. You see, God says, "I will gather a people for my name's sake." And that word being preached, that word was going around. Praise the Lord. And you had a heart that was desiring to serve God. Amen. The word being preached to you, you realize you're wrong. Oh, I want to serve God. Oh, I want something better. I want something more than the Methodist church. I grew up as a young man in the Methodist church. At least in my in my in my just in my my my my young state, I could see the politics. I could see uh you know all of the things some of the things that were happening there. Didn't know better. You see, but what I'm trying to say that promised word that I would get a people for my name's sake. You see, when we get this whole thing in reverse and think that you are the one that is predestinated, praise, then you gave yourself some right and you think you are entitled. No, it's the word that found you. God, the word found you. It's a word that was that was uh that was that was spoken by the apostle 100 years ago many years now. See what will happen. See what is going to happen. Elisha will anoint Aiza. I love to read this thing from the Bible, but there's no time tonight. I must close. He will anoint a heel and that that man, he would cry. He would cry because as as Elijah will anoint him, he was a Syrian captain. He was not a Jewish boy. But here is a Jewish a a prophet anointing him and crying and say, "Oh my, I see the evil that you would do to Israel. I see how you would dash the babies on the wall and all of that. And he said, "What? Am I a dog? Do you mean that I'm that wicked?" But he didn't know what the anointing would do in his life. Are you seeing the picture? Why? Because a prophet has already spoken. A prophet has already spoken. This is this is uh it's it's amazing, you know. It's it's uh it's it's amazing. I've I've something on my mind. If I get into it, I will get out of track here. So, let me just stay with this and then I leave you go home tonight. So, uh uh uh and then but then watch this now. He said he's anointed because a prophet have spoken. The years goes on, the years goes by. Elijah is no no more on the scene. The Bible says very strange that a spirit came up before the Lord and said, "Who will deceive Ahab?" Deceive him for what? Because there was a word that said the dogs will lake his blood. Are we together? Yeah, the the the scripture says then uh uh uh uh a lying spirit came from beneath and says I will deceive Ahab and his prophets. Micaiah the prophet saw that in a vision because God have said the doors will lick his blood. Everything is working. God has all the mechanics to bring the dynamics to pass. And uh as as as right at that time Ahab having a desire he want to go and get Ramaged he called Jehoshaphat and says let's go this land belong to us let's push the Syrians back you know it it sounded right because Remila was one of uh the the the how you call it now the city of refuge. If you go back and look at the city of the refuge, Ramaged was one of the city of refuge. So he was not wrong to say that. He's trying to do the right thing, but there's a curse hanging over his head. Oh, Jehoshaphat is is that not a prophet? Let's go and Oh, he never talked anything good about me. And he brought his 400 prophets and the lying spirit anointed every one of them. The lying spirit anointed every one of them. Paul in his gospel will teach us about two things. You teach us about enticing spirits. which is an is a it's an intellectual spirit. It can explain things to you without no spiritual effect. And he also talk about seducing spirit. Seducing spirit is is a is a religious uh uh demonic spirit. A demonic spirit that is very religious. Are we together? It's a demonic spirit that is very religious. An intent spirit is an intellectual spirit that is very religious. Yeah. So the spirit comes out and anointed this man and every one of them saying the same thing. That is impressive. Every one of them say you see what I told you this man they don't live together but every one of them get the same revelation but it's God's mechanic his mechanics working things to bring his word to pass that will be the battle that Ahab will go to fight and that will be the battle where he will Even when he tried to disguise himself, the promised word of Elijah will still find him. The word is powerful. The word of God is powerful. We can You can't hide from the word. We can't hide from the word. We can put up this. We can put up this, you know, uh, you know, uh, uh, impress ourself and, you know, uh, defend. You can't hide from the word. The word knows how to get under your covers. But, but what what we need to realize is that it's for our good. It's for our good. Because we really don't know ourself. We don't know ourself. We we are we are packing lot of things that runs down from our grandparents our rel that all we packing in our spirit. Well that's that's mean that's that's mean that when the when the word when the word really start to deal with you you realize no I I don't think I want to be like this. The word is powerful, sharper than a two-edged sword. It gets right there to that dividing aunder to be able to show you who you really are and what you think you are or who you think you are. That's what the world is doing. We think we are this. We think we are this. But who we really are. That true uh representation. You have to know that uh that that was the first identity theft that took place was in the Garden of Eden. The devil stole our identity. We come to the word speaking lies. That's not our identity with all of these desire. That's not our identity. But the word has come. The word that created everything. Without him nothing was made. That word has come to be able to bring us back. That's the reason why above everything, fall in love with the word. Love the word. Love the word with all of your heart, with all of your mind, with all of your strength. Love the word. Don't love the preacher of the word. Love the word. Don't love the singer of the word. Love the word. Let's pray together tonight. Dear father, thank you Lord God. I was uh bogged to dead a little bit with with a headache but trusted Lord God Father in uh your promise and uh knowing that your children will be here tonight. They will come driving Lord Father from around the city to be here and uh Just believing that God you will meet with us and you have been faithful. Lord, if we would just realize, Lord, if we would just realize, even your prophet will say, even if I was the most deceiver, he said because of the sincerity of your people, you will still use me to heal them. And Lord God, because it is your word, the preacher is just a microphone. Help us, Lord. Help us, oh God. Help every every young young person, all of our young sisters and young brothers. Help us, Lord. Just make this thing real to us where we will fall in love with your word. We will fall in love with your word. The reading of your word will inreat Lord. the reading of your word, oh God, Father, it will speak to us so much, [Music] Lord. Father, we love you tonight. We love you. We appreciate you, oh God. We say blessed be your holy name. What a wonderful savior you are. What a what an awesome God you are, Father. We pray and ask, oh God, that you just help this assembly, Lord. Father, we want we want the word to have the preeeminence here, Lord. Oh God, let brothers and sisters just be captured, just be gravitated to the word. Oh father God, that's our object of worship. We come to worship the word. Oh father, Lord, let the let the word have the preeminence yet. Oh God, we submit ourself to the word. We subject ourself to the word. Father, be it unto us. Be it unto this assembly. I call into your word, oh father God. Oh Lord, so we pray tonight, oh Lord, Father, and just ask that God, your grace, who just, oh God, bless us now. Take us home, oh Father, Lord God. And Lord, until we meet on Sunday, bless your children in their working areas, oh God, the the the little ones, oh Father, that will be out of school in couple of days. We just pray that, Father, you will bless them too, oh God. Father, bless every family, Lord God. Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord, whatever father God, the enemy, Lord, oh God, father, Lord is want to use to stir in our home. Oh God, may we realize, Lord Jesus, the word is powerful. Oh God, Father, you have given us, Lord, the greatest weapon that can ever be placed, Lord Jesus, in the hands of mortal men. Oh God, the word is an explosive, oh Father God. It will blast every devil, Lord God. every demon, every sickness. Oh God, it would take, oh God, Father, every disappointment, every heartache. Oh Lord God, Father, Lord, it would take guilt away from us. Oh Lord, it will deliver us from shame. Oh God, Father, oh Lord, we just pray, precious Lord, tonight, Father, come, oh God, and have your way. We love you. We love you, Father. We love you. We love you, Jesus, because you first love us. Oh father, thank you tonight. Oh God, bless us now and may we go in the peace of the Lord until we meet on Sunday and the grace of God abound with each and every one of us now in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand on our feet. Take the name of Jesus with you. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Our hope on hope on earth and joy in heaven one day. That's the name of Jesus. Let's sing that together and we'll be dismissed tonight. With child of sorrow [Music] and he will joy and comfort give you. Take it everywhere you go. Oh precious day. Oh, how sweet of the angel of heaven, precious day. Oh, how sweet. Hope of death and joy of heaven. Take the name of Jesus ever. I saw you from every step. Oh, tempation around you. Gather, bring the holy name, precious name, oh how sweet, oh prophet and joy of heaven. Oh precious day, oh how sweet. Hope of death and joy of heaven. Take the precious name of Jesus. How he drill my soul with joy. When his blood receive and his son my tongue it flow. Precious name. And oh how sweet, oh perfect and God of heaven, preciously, oh how sweet of earth and joy of heaven. Let me allow you to go tonight. God bless you. I will see you on Sunday. Oh, how sweet of earth and joy of heaven. Oh, precious day. Oh, how sweet. [Music]
