################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Apr 27, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   Apr 27, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_T6tpoLsOfY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh sers, lost and lonely. Jesus blood can make you free. For he said the most among you when he [Music] said like me and I know yes I [Music] know Jesus Lord can make the my sinner clean and I [Music] know. Yes, I [Music] know Jesus blood can make the violent sinners clean to the faith. He giveth power through the mountains make a way. Find it [Music] water in the desert. Turns the night to golden day. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the violence sinner clean. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the violence sinners clean. In temptation is dirty. Oh, the power of hell at you. The part of safety is to you for every day. [Music] And I know, yes, I know Jesus can make the violence sinners bleed. And I know, yes, I know Jesus blood can make the vless sinners clean to the faith. He gave that power through the mountains. Make a [Music] way. Finded water to bring in the desert. Turns the night to golden day. And I know. Yes, I know. Jesus blood can make the ventless sinners [Music] clean and I know yes I know Jesus blood can make the vless sinners clean. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Glory to your name, Jesus. Amen. God bless you, saints. Welcome, brother Wesley and Sister Carol. God bless you. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. We have a prayer request here this morning. Um please remember brother remember Joseph in prayer. He has been having fever last night and this morning that's brother's son. Let's remember him in prayer this morning and brother was also want to thank the church for uh making his baby shower um a blessing yesterday. That was a very wonderful fellowship. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. All right, let's go ahead and rise as we pray this morning. Let's just put our hearts together this [Music] morning. Just think about the Lord. Just leave everything inside and just focus on him this morning. And so, Father, we thank you. We praise you, Lord, for your grace and your mercy. We thank you, Lord, for such a wonderful gathering. Lord, you have always promised us that where two or three are gathered in your name, you'll be there to bless them. Father, we thank you, oh God, for such a wonderful promise. Oh God, remember all those needs that we have. Lord, we bring them before your throne of grace this morning. We thank you, oh God, for the service. Bless the song service. Bless even the preaching of your word. Remember our pastor, remember every aspect of the service this morning. And father, anywhere your name will be preached this morning, let it be blessed in the mighty name of Jesus. We thank you God for even those who are homes screaming online. Pray that you be with them. Uh not forgetting those who are making their way here Lord. I pray that you bring them safely Lord. We thank you God for such a wonderful time. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and worship this morning. Amen. And just glorify his name. Amen. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Come your blessings. See what God has done. Come your blessing. Let them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. When your up below, you are tempest. When you are discouraging, all is lost. Count your many blessings in the one. Hallelujah. [Music] the Lord has done. Comeless one by one. Come your blessings. Your blessing by your [Music] Are you ever burdened with a load of care? Does the cross you are called to [Music] bear? Hallelujah. Count your blessings in the one by one. See what [Music] [Music] God has of your [Music] Oh, so bless his name that one I Oh, your blessings [Music] he blesses where God has come. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Turn to somebody and say, "God bless you this morning." Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] There are people almost everywhere who pass are all a flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost. We cleanse and made it clean. It is burning now we clean my heart to glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm so glad that I can sing. Oh, hallelujah. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. To these people who made all to be so holy. We have all receive their pentacles baptized in Jesus name. And now both far and wide powers yet the same. I'm so glad that I can sing. Oh, hallelujah. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. They were gathered in the offer room for praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost and one more service came that he did for them. You all the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can see one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh my brother, seek this blessing. Your heart from sin. And we start the joysting and keep the soul a flame. He is gone now within my heart. Oh glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad I can sing. Oh, hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. You believe that? Just put your hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank God we are part of the message. Amen. the message of the hour. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. All right, we ask the the deacons to go ahead and pick up the offering as we continue the song [Music] service. God's attributes were manifested to his bride in his last. We have got the revelation by the last prophet message and we know who we are and what were up for. Praise the Lord his original life. The original life, the original seed, the original world is what I believe of man distribute the seven [Music] seat. We are the worldly flesh today. Listen what the scriptures say. And our names are sing within redemption and show perfect. Yet we are anointed and inspired by the Lord. The original love, no original, the original. The original word is what I believe. The song of man is the seven. The original the original. Hallelujah. Your [Music] hands The original, the original sea, the original world is what I believe. Open to the seven [Music] sea. Our eyes upon understanding. He [Music] usually is ours. We found it in the past. True truth we have founded and we have responded to our God. No original. No original life. No original sea. The original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed the seven [Music] seal. The original I see the original love. The original I see the original word is what I believe. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Shout glory this morning. We love him this morning. Hallelujah. He's the reason why we're here this morning. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. [Music] We were sinners and so worthy still for us he choose to die. Fill us with his holy spirit. How we can testify all that is love is never lasting and his mercies there will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of life. God is good all the time so that darkness his light will shine. God is good. Oh God is good all the time. If you're walking through the valley and are shles all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He's for a song of praise. He is out of life. God is good. Hallelujah. The darkness is God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Your hands [Music] God is good all the time. He put a son of praise in this out of mind. God is good all the time. In the darkness, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. He was sinners and worthy. Still for us, he choose to die. He loves me with his holy spirit. How we can testify all that is love is everlasting and his mercy there will never end. God is good all the time. A song of praise in this light of life. God is good all the time. Through the darkness, his life will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. [Music] Hallelujah. God is good all the time. All of the time. God is good. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. All right. Let's go ahead and sing this song as we change the order of service as we prepare oursel to receive the message this morning. Amen. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you [Music] paid. Bear in all my sin and shame. In love, you came and gave amazing grace. Thank you for this [Music] Lord. Thank you for the name. [Music] Wash me in your cleansing flow. Now I know your [Music] forgiveness and gra [Music] Oh, we cry you down with every cry Lord. [Music] Glor and lifted high. Jesus, son of God. The valley of heaven cruising. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Let's sing that one more time. Let's just enter in with that. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay. bearing all my sins and shame. Yes, Lord. Yes. [Music] Amazing. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for this, [Music] Lord. Thank you, Father. [Music] Wash me in your cleansing flow. Your forgiveness and your embrace. Worthy is the [Music] lamb. See that all the truth we cry you down. With 10,000 crowns, millions you bring. They told me, "Oh Lord, I lifted high. Jesus, son of God, the darling of heaven crucified. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. Thank you, Jesus. and worthy is the lamb. Let's just give thanks in our own way this morning. Let's thank him. Let's thank him for what he means to you. For who he is to you, for all he have done for you. and just give thanks. Thank you, [Music] Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. We want to be that one that came back, Lord, to give thanks. We want to come back, Lord, Father, with thanksgiving in our hearts this morning, Lord. Not just showing up, Lord Father. Not just, oh God, being in the number, Lord, Father, but God, lifting our hearts to you to say, "Thank you for all you have done. Thank you for who you are to us, Lord, for who you are, Lord, the lover of my soul, the giver of life, the giver of every good gift, Lord, the one that made it possible for us to be together this morning. Father. Oh God, we thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Father oh God teach us Lord. Teach us oh Father God to be able to express our hearts Lord to be able to enter in with worship. Lord Father God. Oh precious Lord. We thank you. We thank you father. We thank you Lord. We thank you Jesus. Thank you precious Lord. Oh, thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you sweet Jesus. Blessed be your name Lord. Blessed be your name father. Thank you Lord girl G for inhabiting our praise. Lord, you are the one that inhabit the praises of your people. We thank you, Lord. We give you the praise. We give you the glory and honor this morning. Blessed be your holy name, Father. Thank you for keeping us while we were away from one another. Come now, Lord Jesus. [Music] come father to bless us this morning. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Once again we want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. Uh happy birthday sister Grace. I see you. Happy birthday note here. Good uh to have you brother Wesley, sister Carol back with us. Praise the Lord. Brother Danny, you are welcome. That's brother Belly's brother. That his twin's brother. Amen. You can take one for the other. Praise the Lord. Yeah. So, it's going to be in the house of the Lord. Let's Let's try the that song we were trying to do on Wednesday night. Blessed assurance, South African style. I just there together this morning before we enter the word. Bless. Bless. [Music] Blessed assurance Jesus is my hope of hope glory be my curse of salvation of God, one of his spirit wash in his blood. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the savior of the day. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior. All the belong salvation he has delight of rapture first on my side. Oh angels descending ring from the god and go of mercy whisper. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all the day long. [Music] salvation. There be light angels of rapure first on my side. Angels descending pray from above. Echo of mercy personal. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior all the king. Oh yeah. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior. Oh, let's just praise him now. [Music] Oh, this is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior of the Lord. This is my story. This is my song. Praising the Savior all of the [Music] living. Praise the Lord. I had to hear the bass drum to know that you were in church. Welcome back. Praise the Lord. Welcome back, brother Ariel. The Lord bless you. Thank you, musicians. That will be all for the music. And uh thank you. Thank you. While we standing to our feet, let's take the book of Psalm. Psalm chapter 68. Psalm chapter 68. We want to thank the Lord for giving us good service on uh the Easter weekend with brother Crosby once again. He sent his greetings from uh from the UK and he and the wife got home from sibling and u is uh you know it's it's very beautiful when you see you see the Holy Spirit uh comes in uh Psalm chapter 68. You see the Holy Spirit comes and then he takes the very things that you've been talking about and bring it through the mouth of a complete visitor. Praise the Lord. Because we've been talking about the prince of Pure and uh uh Messiah the prince. That was where we started that subject from talking about the prince power. If you you follow that language, you you look in the in Daniel chapter 9, uh because of what uh uh um Gabriel, because of what the the the angel Gabriel experienced, the battle uh in the heavens with the prince of Persia when he came to Daniel, he says, "The prince of Persia handle me, but your prince fought on your behalf. Praise the Lord. So the Bible uses that word the prince of Pesia or it uses the word prince. When you go through the scripture, it talks about the prince of the power of the air talking about spiritual forces. Amen. The Bible called Jesus the prince of life. So uh uh it's all about spiritual warfare. about spiritual warfare. The weapons of our warfare are not kind of like the scripture says. It's all about bringing down strongholds. Amen. Praise the Lord. You must be able to bring down strongholds. You must be able to to clear your heavens. You must be able to open the heavens to get on Jacob ladder to go up and come down. Praise the Lord. If you are not able to bring down stronghold, you will be so burdened. You'll be so lazy. You came praying, you just worried, you know, it's all of those spirit of heaviness. Praise the Lord. Amen. So to see brother Crosby coming and then just stepping in there. Let's read. Let's read and I'll have you have your seat or I keep you standing and I start preaching. Psalm chapter 68. Let's read from verse one. Let God arise and let his enemy be scattered. Praise the Lord. In that same sense of spiritual warfare, let God arise, let his enemy be scattered. Let them also that hit him flee before him. As smoke is driven away, so drive them away. As wax melted before the fire, so let the wicked perish. at the presence of God. But let the righteous be glad. Let them rejoice before God. Yay. Let them exceedingly rejoice. Amen. I think that's what the presence of the Lord should bring to us. Amen. I think that's what the fellowship of the word should bring to us. Let's rejoice around the word. Let's rejoice around the things that are spoken to us. Amen. Sing unto God. Sing praises to his name. a stone him uh that rather upon the heavens by his name Jah and rejoice before him. That word J means Jehovah. Amen. Let's uh drop down now to verse 18 from uh uh verse four or verse 5. Verse 5 says, "A father of the fatherless, a George of the widow is God in his holy habitation." Amen. That's verse five. Then let's drop to verse 18. Now this verse 18, we will see this is where Paul took uh he led captivity captives and gave gifts to men. He was repeating what David said in the psalm. So let's read verse 18 here. Thou has extended on high. Thou have led captivity captives. Thou has received gifts for men. Praise the Lord. In Ephesians, Paul said, "Thou has gave gifts unto men." Honor prophecy, David said, you receive gifts. But when the Holy Ghost came, then he gave gifts. Praise the Lord. Amen. Are we together? Praise the Lord. There has on high. There has led captivity captive, there has received gifts for men. Yay, for the rebellious also. So, a man can be rebellious and still be gifted, right? That's what we want we want to talk about a little bit this morning. A man can be rebellious, a man can be sinful and still be gifted. for the rebellious also that the Lord might do among them. Blessed be the Lord who daily loaded us. Loaded not only gave but he loaded. Can you carry it? Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's let's read that last verse together. Amen. I don't want to read it myself. You take it as yours. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the Lord who daily loaded us with benefits, even the God of our salvation. Amen. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat while we go to Ephesians chapter 4. Can you carry it? He's not just giving, he loading. Praise the Lord. Amen. We so lazy to carry it. That's why we think we don't have it. But he's loading. Amen. Who loaded us with benefits? Amen. I feel like changing my subject to preach this morning. Amen. You know Daryl Wall says we must sing fill my truck Lord, not my cup. He said we must sing fill my truck Lord. Yes. I know if you'll be able to lift a truck up to him and was fill my truck. I drive I drive it up, Lord. Amen. Ephesians chapter 4. Let's uh let's enjoy the word this morning. Hope that the Lord will be gracious to be able to bring it in a way that we can relate to it. Ephesians chapter 4. Let's uh look at uh verse 5 verse4 verse 4. Ephesians chapter 4 uh verse 4. There is one body and one spirit even as ye are called in one hope of your calling. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God, the Father of all, who is above all and through all and in all. This must explain the Trinity, right? Amen. Or it must explain the Godhead, right? It must explain the Godhead. It's one God. the father of all who is above all in the fatherhood. Amen. And through all praise the Lord just like he did in the sunship. And that's the same thing he's doing in us. Right? God is in his creation. Right? That's why they can worship trees because they see an attribute of the creator in his creation. They can worship rocks and water because the sea uh h an attribute of the creator in his creation. So he's above all. He's true all and in you all. Praise the lord. So we are definitely part of the godhead. Deity is not in heaven. Deity is in you because it's Christ in you. the hope of glory. Praise the Lord. Can we say that this morning? Christ in me. The hope of glory. Praise the Lord. We can do it better. Christ in me the hope of glory. You are part of the deity. Amen. Praise the Lord. But onto every one of us is giving grace. I call him to measure of the gift of Christ. When he ascended, he received gift. So that gift is given to us all by measure. Praise the Lord. So God don't have no useless part in his body. Every part of God's body is very useful. There is no useless part. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. There is no useless path. He's not even handicapped. Wherefore he said when he ascended up on high, he led captivity captives and gave gifts to men. So this happened after the ascension that brother Crosby spoke on Saturday. After the ascension, that's when this happened. Now he Now that he ascended, what is it? But that he also descended first into the lowest part of the earth. So that was what he was doing when he was crucified. He gave up the ghost. his uh uh you know his uh soul went down to to hell uh to be able to witness to the souls that were in prison to be able to take the keys of death and life from the enemy and uh uh in all of there. So he first descended to the lowest part of the earth. He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens that he might fill all things. Praise the Lord. Then Paul will now talk about he gave some those are some of the gifts that were given. Praise the Lord. In the book of Corinthian, he talk also talk about gifts of administration, gifts of uh you know uh uh and all of that. So uh uh that's what we want to look at this morning. That's what we want to look at. But what where I want to bring us to this morning is that we by the grace of God, every one of us here that are alive have just uh witnessed a varied uh uh uh whether you pay attention to it or not, you know, uh uh we realize that on Monday the pope passed away. Yes. and uh and this entire week were just filled with uh uh ceremony in the Vatican uh for bearing of the pope and all of them. Now uh you might think that it it does not concern you. You might think that uh uh uh or maybe you were not conscious enough to pay attention to what was happening uh at that time. We see you now. So, uh uh but I I I've been thinking about it all through the week and uh uh some friends at work asked me, we were talking, you know, uh uh you know, I'm I'm just I'm trying to control myself because I I work with some characters. You know, one of one of the guys is uh I think we can nom we can nom nominate uh blood for the pope. That's that's what was in my head. I was kind of trying to but one of them asked me the question and says and said do you think we will be a we will have an American p? I said well uh there is there is possibility but uh what many people don't know is that the uh the foreign fathers left Europe because of Catholic oppression. So when they came over to the United States, at first they never wanted to have anything to do with Catholicism. They wanted to, you know, they frown at Catholicism, but because of prophecy, Cathalism was able to find its way into America. Right? But America Catholism is different from the rest of the Catholicism around the world. If you if you read, if you pay attention because all the Catholism around the world, the Vatican has a very strong hand on them. Not with American Catholicism. Yes. So in the Catholic world, they call Catholism in America American Catholism. And it's for a reason, biblical reason. We'll look into some of that this morning. And uh [Music] uh so uh the the the pope was finally buried and now they must elect a new pope. So right now as you and myself uh are speaking this morning they are cadinets they are behind the sacred door they are passing ballots are calling to their ritual and who will become the next pope but why is it important brother one it's important because the next pope could shape the entire world it's not the man is the time, the season of time that we are living in. Praise the Lord. We already have an economic crisis around us. And that economic crisis speaks of a time that the Bible says men will not be able to buy or sell. Praise the Lord. You know these things are uh they are the divine words of God. As human we we try to put it in our mind. We try to picture it. We try to make uh uh uh a mental image so it can make sense to us. Praise the Lord. But many times when God bring his word to pass sometime is far from the way we imagine it in our mind. Praise the Lord. If we are Bible readers, if we are studying our Bible and we are we are we are praying to God and and the Holy Ghost is there. When the word comes to pass, when the word of God is coming to pass and the word is in you, the Holy Ghost quicken you to see, look at it. The Bible says when Jesus in John chapter 2 went into the temple, took the whip and started whipping the people, kicking the table up, the Holy Ghost brought to the mind of the disciples. They had not received the Holy Ghost yet, but the Holy Ghost brought to their mind to remind them what David said in the psalm, the zeal of the house has eaten me. Praise the Lord. Because if God did not do that, they would think that their leader is crazy. Because they all believe the temple to be a sacred place. What is he doing? Is he really the Messiah? So God has to quicken the word to them. Yeah. For them to believe in his leadership. Are we together? So that's how God we we we have all of these things. We we have a mental picture of you know how uh you know uh uh you know the mark of the beast, how this is going to happen, you know, and all of that. Uh uh far be it. Far be it. Don't don't make a conclusion on what I'm saying. But I won't say we get into the mark of the beast. Please don't make a conclusion. I'm just trying to bring your mind to a place. Uh uh uh because uh on under that leader uh uh that will lead us to pedition there will be a period of prosperity. Bible says when they say uh uh uh you know peace be peace suddenly comes destruction so there will be a period of prosperity but I'm just trying to to use this occasion and uh uh show you in the Bible what the Bible says about this time that we are living this time that we are living in. And uh so that's what we want to talk about this morning. I want to I want to I want to speak from Revelation chapter 17. So if you want to go there in your Bible, you want to write it in your notes. If you also want to follow the projection on the word, we on the wall, we will we will read from Revelation chapter 17. Revelation chapter 17. That's where I'm taking my subject from this morning. And uh as as we get into this, I want to remind us what we have been told before is later than we think. Is later than we think. The only future we have as a people of God is the rapture. Praise the Lord. Make your plans to get married. Make your plans to raise your children. Make your plans to get a better home. But include the rapture in every plan that you are making because that is our only setting future that we have is the coming of the Lord is the rapture. Now, so uh uh as we as we look into this this morning, uh oh, praise the Lord. Are we together? Are we together? Now, so I want to I want to uh uh read from Revelation chapter 17:E8. That's what I'm taking my subject from this morning. I'm not uh I don't I don't want to I don't want to appeal to your flesh by just making you scary. No, that's not my my my mission this morning because I can make you scary. You get out there, you laugh, it go away. I want to I want to make contact with your spirit this morning and uh just for you to see the seriousness of the time that we are living. That's what I want to do and trusting that the grace of God will help us to do that. Amen. Because remember now David prophesied. He said that I ascended up high and receive gifts for men for the godly and for the rebellious. Are we together? Amen. For the godly and for the rebellious. So you see it's just like the Bible says leaders are are of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. If a man is ordained to do a certain work, what happen is that God will give him the gifts. God will anoint him to do it. Are we together? Amen. Look for example in in the time of Elijah uh uh Elijah when the Lord met him in the cave the Lord told him to go and anoint three men to go and anoint Elisha. Sorry I didn't I was I was not thinking about that until now as I going to include it in my notes. So we read it together. But to go and anoint Elasha in his tail. Elisha would take his place to go and anoint Jood and to go and anoint uh uh uh Aizer. So there were three men that God told Elijah to go and anoint. But Elijah only anointed Elisha in his place by throwing his metal on Elisha and Elisha burned you know all his plotting materials and then he went after Elijah. But as you read the scripture you will realize that it was Elasher that anointed the other two men. Now see why God would do this is because God has said by Elijah that the dogs will lick the blood of Jezebel. Right. Amen. And God has also said by Elijah because Ahab took Neb's father's vine. That's right. That he was going to pay for it. Okay. Oh, this is beautiful. If if we can just be able to see it. So here is it say that God is going to anoint two men to do this work. Joo was anointed to deal with the Jezebel spirit. Right. He was the one that threw Jezebel through the window. Yeah. Yes. Aiza. He was a Syrian, right? Just a common man in the Syrian military. When Elisha met him, the Bible say Elisha broke the oil and pour it upon his head and he started crying. Elijah Elisha started crying. He says, "Oh my Lord, why are you crying?" He says, "Because I see the evil that you would do to the children of Israel." That's right. I see how you would rap their women. He said, "Am I a dog? And you mean am I so wicked? He did not know what the anointing would do. That's right. He did not know. He says, "Am I a dog that I will be Elijah Elisha said, I see uh you know h you will ravage the women. You will dash their babies on the wall." I mean just a young man. He says, "Oh my god, is that the way you thinking about me?" No. It's not how I'm thinking about you. It's what the Lord said about you. That's right. And he was the one that brought the war against Ahab where Ahab died in battle while Ju was the one that threw Jezebel through the window. So you see everything we do in this life, there is an influence, right? There is an anointing. Whichever one you call it, there is a power. Praise the Lord. Our body is just a vehicle. But everything we do, there is an anointing or there is an influence or there is a power. Are we together? Amen. Amen. I mean, you you follow the week and you you hear about the the life of uh of uh of uh uh Pope Francis. You you you hear about his life. His parents were immigrants, you know, that came from Spain and went over to to to Argentina, if I'm right, you know, and and that's where he grew. I mean uh uh uh uh he was he was studying to be uh uh uh I think some kind of a medical thing and uh uh but but I mean if you if you just listen to his life story to re to see how he he ended up with in a place of so much power. He was one of the most powerful men in the world. More than our president in uh uh United States, more than the one in Russia, more than the one in China, even the one in North Korea. The reason is because if you go back to the book of Daniel, you will realize by Daniel vision, there is only four superpower, right? By Daniel vision, I'm talking about prophetically now. There is only four super power. the head of gold, the breast of savor and uh uh the the the lions of br and the feet of iron. Are we together? So on a vision God gave dire concerning the gentile time the period of time that God will be dealing with the gentile full super power. So right now we are still under the Roman Empire right? We are under the Roman Empire. The only thing that have happened is that the wounded beast has been healed. Right. The beast was wounded when pagan Rome Yeah. decided to embrace Christianity. Oh yes. Oh yes. Are we together? when Constantine so uh uh if you know a little bit of the history that's when the Bible says his wound the wounded beast was healed that's where that's where it happened in in in in uh in time in prophecy and uh when he when he he you know tried to merge with the church first he asked the Christians in Rome to pray for him you know uh that he will win the war and you know and and he started uh being nice to the Christians and calling himself Christians and all of that. But what happened actually is that the uh he he end up losing the war. But what happened is that at a period of time he uh he uh uh he gave so much power to the church. He gave so much power not even knowing it. It's just like it's just like Kai standing before Pilate and saying according to our Lord one must be crucified and one must be released. Not even knowing he was prophesied. Are we together? That's the same way he did not know that he was he was you know hh getting on a prophecy because what will happen is that the the pig in Rome will will die and it will not change it will be healed into papa room. So on a pag in Rome they had king Nero and all of them uh you know uh uh uh Kyh Caesar you know and all of them were the Roman king on paparum they don't have king they have popes that's right so the pope was was the highest leader in the world and He is that office is the highest leading office in the world. Are we together? Is the highest leading office in the world. Is the highest leading office in the world. There's a big following of uh of uh of Catholic in in in in Mexico. If you look at Mexico history, you'll realize that at one time they got a president that was not a Catholic and and he was of the plan to kick capitalism out of Mexico. And at the same time the United States also were you know they were doing their drilled and their oil and everything you know uh and and he was also trying to kick uh you know to fight against them. So one order from Rome the US stepped in and kick him out. save the interest of capitalism and also save the US interest. I'm talking about the power that is behind that office, the influence that is behind that office. Are we together? Amen. So the the the the conclave the the uh uh uh all of those people they are there behind that sacred door they are passing ballot sometime this week or who know when there will be a white smoke that will come up from their chimney and that will announce the next pop. Who is he going to be? There is just lot of speculation. But if you even go back, if you go back, you will realize at the time uh uh uh Benedict stepped down because Benedict was the one that that was in before Francis. When he stepped down and they were to elect a new pope, you realize that uh this pope that is called Francis, he was not in the nominee. all the people that were that were nominated he was not he was not in a nominee. Are we together? So I mean uh uh uh everything that you are seeing on the media is just a guess. They are just guessing because of how dedicated all of those people, the one from the Philippines, the one from uh uh uh Hungary, the one from uh you know, they are just guessing because all of those people are dedicated to to the to to the to the Vatican. But who the new pope is going to be, we will never know until we see the white smoke. Praise the Lord. But I'll share some things with you this morning because we are living in prophetic hour. Amen. We are living in a day where uh uh I mean uh uh like Jesus would tell his disciple, watch and pray and you fall not into temptation. Praise the Lord. Amen. So that's that's where I'm going this morning. So just embrace yourself. Like I said, we'll have a lot of uh turbulence, but my my my purpose is not to scare you. My purpose is for us to be able to see the hour that we are living in and to see the reason why we have to stop playing church, right? Stop playing religion. Amen. And get serious with God. Because you see at the end of the day is that we could live aundred years, you know, watch our children grow up. I wish I I long for that. I want to see my girls get married. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because it's all they're always telling me how they will take care of their children better than I do. So I want to see that. Praise the Lord. Okay. So, uh uh uh I mean we not cutting the days short here, but we must also realize that even if the Lord gave us many years to come, it is not setting we could live all of those years. Some of us might go by the weight of the grave. Amen. Amen. That's one thing that is setting you know that some might go by the weight of the grave. And if you know the Lord allow us to go by the word of the grave, we want to be prepared. We want to be prepared. Praise the Lord. Was just having a little chit cchat this morning, you know, and uh you know, talking about uh you know, how many people are afraid to to fly, you know, uh uh me and one of the little one were talking. I said, "Well, I mean, uh uh I mean there are people that that stay right in their home, you know, uh uh I mean uh Sister Kelly was she were not flying. She was just taking her mailbox, taking her mail from the mail and and uh some crazy person running into her. You know, death can be us anywhere. The thing that is that is most important is for us to be ready, right? It's for us to be ready. So uh uh uh so like I said my my my mission is not to scare you. No I don't I don't uh uh we don't make converts by government is the Holy Ghost that change people hearts. Amen. And bring people to the reality of truth. But we want to show you things right in the word of God that thing the things that are happening around us. They are not just happening. There is nothing that is happening that is not spoken by this good book. Praise the Lord. So let's go right in there that Revelation chapter 17. Let's start up with that. Revelation chapter 17 verse8. There's a whole lot of things I wanted to go into but I thought I said uh people think that they will say where did where did this guy slept last night? Revelation chapter 17 verse8 let's read the Bible says the beast that thou sawest was in his net and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit and go into pition. So that's what I that's how I name my my my my message this morning. A whole verse. I title my message the beast that extended out of the bottomless pit and goes into pedition. What does that means? What does that means? Now we just read from Psalm where David said h as he ascended up heart he had he received gifts for men. He received gifts for many. Are we together? For the rebellious also. That's what David said. Are we together? So Paul said before he ascended, he went to the lowest part which is the bottomless. Are we together? Yeah. Amen. So there what happened was there was a transition of paradise taking them from from from the place they were kept the old testament saints to what is now called the third heavens or beyond the curtain of time as you would like to call it. Are we together? Amen. And uh I saw the the the the Old Testament saints the righteous were removed, you know, uh uh from Satan's prison or from Satan's uh cage or whichever way we want to we want to call it where he kept them. They were moved now into another dimension. Praise the Lord. Amen. They were moved into another dimension. And uh uh but then there was also uh uh another ascension. Are we together? So let's let's read a little bit. Let's read that again. The beast that thou saw it uh um was and is not and sh ascend out of the bottomless pit and goes into pition. So there is there is a beast. A beast in the Bible represent a power. Amen. It represent a power. It represent an influence. It represent an anointing. So there is an anointing that leaves the bottomless pit. You remember one time we talked a little bit on that. The Bible says uh uh Isaiah 14:12, "How are thou fallen, oh Lucifer?" Jesus when he came, he says, "I see Satan falling." So So hell, the state of hell is a falling is a falling state. Praise the Lord. Many people when we talk about hell, you think about the lake of fire. There's not a lake of fire. There is there is a there is a dimension. There is a state a state that that an actual state that is a falling state and the Bible will describe it in a place like bottomless. Bottomless now it brings a lot of emphasis to the Christian faith because our faith is solid. We have a resting place. Amen. We have a resting place. That's the reason why we want foundation in everything. You want foundation in your faith life. What are you resting your faith on? Is it just being a church member or what are you resting your faith? Because if you don't have a place you are resting, then it's bottomless, right? You will just be falling. You will just be falling. You are your life will be in a constant descending order. You might be grabbing everything from Walmart and Target and things. You are having things but your life is not improving that you you hear the slogan people say well man life is hell. When a person say life is hell, it means that it's just not good. Something I mean I really don't get things together because these things they are they they are dimensional effect and the Bible can only put it in words for us to be able to understand it. But they are dimensional effect. Praise the Lord. The Bible says here uh uh uh uh uh Jesus said, "If I be lifted up, I would draw all men unto me." Praise the Lord. Amen. So actually if he's drawing us unto him, he's lifting us up. But you see, we are not floating in the air. No, we are having dimensional effect on our life. That our life, the way we are thinking is above. Amen. The kind of people we are not using material substance as the essence of our life. So there is a dimensional effect that is taking place in the life of a believer because you've been lifted up. There is there is hope that is coming from the word of God that is lifting you up. That you can say today was good but tomorrow will be better. I believe it will be better. Why? There is a dimensional effect. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can be sick lying down on the on the bed. Oh my. But dimensional effect will affect you in a sense you will be believing to rise up and not to go down. Amen. Are we together? So the Christian life we talk about spiritual warfare. All of these things they are dimensional effect. The angels of the Lord are in come about them that are around him. It's all dimensional effect. Are we together? Amen. Amen. You can see there two guys are walking on the street and uh and one I mean he's so depressed, frustrated, and the other guy I mean he's broke but I mean uh he just have the joy of the Lord. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. I I I should I should not even carry you too far. The two men on the road of Emas. Amen. Jesus was affected by a dimension. He had just ascended and he was in another body. He was affected by a dimension. And these two men, they were also affected by a an a dimension, a dimension of sorrow. Their leader has died. The one that was the hope of Israel has died. Oh man, we we thought that he was the one. We thought that this this was the son of David. I almost I I wanted to say it. You know, they were depressed. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Now as they are walking together, Jesus asked them what matter of conversation you guys are having. Oh, are you a stranger yet? Didn't you hear about what has happened? Then the Bible says he said to them, "Oh fool, slow of heart. You don't you remember that Moses said that the Bible say he took them through all the scripture." Now, as he was quoting the scripture and telling them, uh, David said this, when David said this, I mean, when when when Ezekiel said this, he was changing the atmosphere around him. They did not know he was changing the atmosphere around him. The Bible says when the evening get close, he pretended as if he was going, they said, "No, come and stay with us, man." Amen. Amen. Come and stay with us. We were feeling depressed a while ago, but but you have just brought I mean kind of we love your let's let's talk about this thing. And the Bible says as they talk they make food and sat down and when he took the bread and he broke it the moment their eyes were open their dimension change. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. They left from the state of depression. Yes. Into a state of hope. Amen. That they can go and tell the other disciple, "Our Lord is raising." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. That's the same thing that happens when when when a when a when when a person is dropped dead right now. If I drop dead there right now, I step into a new body. Amen. Amen. Amen. You will get shock by seeing me going down to the ground. You will get shock in in in in our in our human sense. That's the feeling that we will have. Praise the Lord. No matter how many Holy Ghost we have, no one die and we start rejoicing. We are not there at that place. The people that rejoice are the people in the other body. Amen. Praise the Lord. Our our bing takes time to come to that reality. It takes time. Are we together? It takes time for us to catch up with the reality that well they have gone to a better place. Are we together? Now, I've gone all over the place. Now, where was I? Yeah. So, we see here that uh the Bible says uh a beast, a power ascended out of the bottomless pit. It came from a hopeless, a hopeless, a useless. You can use all the less cru. So it came from a bottleless pit. Now watch this. Now the Bible says and it goes into pedition. What is pedition? The Bible used there. It calls uh uh uh uh Judas the son of pedition. Are we together? Amen. Let's take our Bibles a little bit. I think I've I think I have got you to a good place this morning. Amen. I feel like I've got you to a good place this morning. Are you ready for the word? Amen. St. John chapter 17:12. Are you ready for the word? Amen. Can we say amen? Amen. Or are you scary already? I don't mean to make you scary though. And that that was a good thing. That was a good thing. Beautiful thing the Holy Ghost did on Sunday by by by preaching uh uh rebuking fear, moving from worry to warriors. Amen. It was a message to deal with fear and doubt. Because when you are worrying, you are scared. Tell me whatever you want to tell me. You are afraid. Is the is the physical evidence of of the spirit of fear. And the Bible say God has not given us the spirit of fear but he has given us a sound mind. That sound mind comes from the word. Are we together now? So, uh, St. John chapter 17. St. John chapter 17. Let's read verse 12. St. John chapter 17:12. Jesus said, "While I was with them in the word," he's praying now for his disciple, "I kept them in thy name. Those that thou given me I have kept and none of them is lost but the son of pedition that the scripture might be fulfilled. Amen. Amen. So uh there there the Bible was talk describing Judas that he was the son of pedition. Are we together? And then uh uh uh Philippian 1:28. Philippian 1:28. I just I just want to show you how that that uh uh that word is greatly used in the New Testament. Is used in the New Testament. And there and there is a reason. We'll look at that. Philippians 1:28 and in nothing terrified by your adversary which is to them an ev an evidence talking of pedition but to you a salvation and that of God. Are we together? Amen. Now this is this is uh this is very this is very deep. This is very strong for a believer and uh and Paul want us to pay attention to that here. Let's read that again. Let's let's drop back a little bit and and and then get a full sense a little context here. Verse 26, Philippian 1. that your rejoicing uh may may be more abounded in Jesus Christ for me by my coming to you again. Only let your conversation be as it becometh of the gospel be becometh the gospel of Christ that whether I come and uh and see you or else be absent I may year of your affair that ye stand fast in one spirit with one mind striving together for the faith of the gospel and in nothing terrified by your adversary. So he's saying don't get scared. Don't allow the spirit of fear to grab you because of what you are dealing with. Amen. Amen. Are we together? And see what he says. Which is to them an evidence token of pedition. But to you, but to you of salvation that is of God. Meaning when we are going through very trials, it is all working towards our salvation. Praise the Lord. Amen. But the people of the word has a way of saying because you are going through this your end will be this. So you see what he's saying. My my amen. They take that as a token as an evidence of pedition which mean destruction which mean lost completely lost. Are we together? How can you say you are serving God and your life is just like this to them? I mean you are wasting your time. That's how they take it. But to a believer, he takes it as something that is building character in him to be able to trust the invisible. That's right. Are we together? Trying to bring uh the sense of the word from the scripture to you. Let's take another one. Uh Paul speaks of that in uh uh uh 1 Timothy chapter 6. might go in line a little bit with what we just read. 1 Timothy chapter 6, let's take verse 6. But godliness with contentment is a great gain. Amen. It was now part of my know. I saw it. It's a beautiful scripture. So, let's read it. But godliness with contentment is a great gain. For we brought nothing into this word, and it is certain we can carry nothing out. And having food and remain, let let us be there with contempt. But they that will be reached fall into temptation and a snail, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which draw men in destruction and pedition. Praise the Lord. Now see what the apostles started started with contentment. Amen. contentment. If uh if if the Lord is blessing us, let's be content. Amen. Let's let's let's be able to judge between content and greed. Let's be able to judge as as as a as a believer, you must be able to sense yourself this thing you want. Is it greed or is it is it necessity? Is it necessary now? So it is not in a place of where Paul is kind of a you knowh throwing a hopeless state on rich people. No because Joseph Amatias was a wealthy man that gave his grave to Jesus Christ. So he's not tempting, but he's he's he's making us to be able to see that uh uh uh you know uh they that are only living for this world riches. If they are only living for this world riches, it's easy to fall into temptation because the more they get, the more they want. Amen. And any way they can get it, any way they can get it, they want more and any way they can get it. So that's what he's trying to say. It it, you know, it drowns men into destruction and pedition. Amen. A state of lust, a state of hopelessness, a state of confusion. Now, so we're doing all of this to establish the fact of the beast that came from the bottomless pit and went into pedition. He couldn't go up. He ascended but couldn't go any further. He went straight into lust, into destruction, confusion. Are we together? Amen. That's that's what I want you to see as we as we kind of establish this together. And uh uh you will see that here and uh Paul used the same words also in uh uh second Peter chapter 3 and and all of that. Okay, I've given you few. If not, I will stay right here and don't go into what I want to talk about this morning and just waste all my time. Now, so we we we we get our subject there. The beast that thou saw was and is not. Now, that's what I want us to be able to watch. Now, these words was and is not and yet to come. Let's let's read that a little bit so we can for just for us to be able to get a context of uh what we reading here. The beast that thou saw was and is not and shall ascend out of the bottomless pit and go into pition and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder whose name were now written in the book of life. If you follow the priest finra this this this week this gone week you will realize that the word wonder the word wonder. Praise the Lord. Amen. The word wonder. Amen. The word wonder. Let's let's go ahead. Whose names are now written in the the book of life from the foundation of the word. When they behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. What does that means? What does that means? That's what we want to study this morning. What does that means? Verse 9. And and and here and here is the mind which have wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains on which the woman sitted. I didn't read from verse one, but uh the only city that sit on seven mountain is the Vatican. That's right. That's the only city that sit on seven mountain. Are we together? And every woman, every nation is takes the femin the feminine gender. So the woman sitting on seven mountain was a city. Are we together? Amen. I'm not speaking on that, but I really I just want to drop that in. Now verse 10. And there are seven kings. Five are fallen and one is and the other is not yet come. And when he cometh, he must continue a short space. And the beast that was and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into pedition. What that what does that all what does that mean? And is and is not and yet is. What it means is that men are changing the office. Yeah. But the power is the same. That's right. That's all it means. It's talking about succession of popes. That's right. That will be under the same anointing to do the same work. Are we together? Let's read uh uh let's just let me read this to you while we in our denomination. Now watch the beast. Now the beast wasn't a king. He was one which is which is not and yet he is and is not. Yet he is. What is it? succession of popes, right? A power, a beast ruling. There is a beast. There is a power that is ruling, but that power will go through many men. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Yeah. There is there is a power that is ruling, but that power will go through many men. So what is it? Secession of pop, a power, a beast. That's when pagan Rome was converted into papa room because pagan room was ruled by kings. Caesar and all of those men were the kings that ruled pagan Rome. when when at the at the Nissan council when when uh when they when they when they embraced the the the church, they embraced Christianity not only because they wanted to be Christian because they saw that that was an influence. Praise the Lord. Because when you look into the into the the the the Roman history, they they set their own city on fire and they told the people that it was the Christians that burned their city. Yeah. Now, you have to realize, you go back to Bible days, you will realize that uh uh uh uh uh most of those people, Christians that were in Rome and all of that, they were all servants and you know, and and and and different kind of a people. and uh and and and there was a plague that also broke out in Rome. The only savior's place was in the ghetto where the Christians were living. It was the only savior's place. They have few they have few sick people among them. Just like the same way we deal with uh uh uh uh co they have few sick people among them but because of the Christians uh the their community way of living and they were supporting one another and they were also praying for one another. Praise the Lord. Amen. Pretty soon uh uh Rome could not manage these people. They tried to shut them off. They tried to h black them but uh uh uh the the the church was still moving. So the only way that they thought that they they can conquer these people is to be part of them. Amen. Praise the Lord. The same way we have men that have creep in on a word. Yeah, praise the Lord. That's what the Bible says. Jude said that men that has creeped in unaware in the book of Acts. It was just like that. Simon the sorceress. Yeah. He would have became part of the church because he wanted power to heal. And Peter said, "You and your you and your witchcraft go to hell." Praise the Lord. It has always been like that. So pig in Rome became part of the church in Rome trying to tell the people and when they came in because they were great men. It was the Roman Empire. Can you imagine the governor of Minnesota coming to a good shepherd fellowship and when he comes he come with escort behind him. They they want the best seat in the church and then all his bowler guys are all of our church members will have to go in the fire because he needs security. So we give him security all the best seats and and that's that was just how they killed the effect of the truth church. All of these things of praying in one accord you're making noise. you just nominate one person to pray. But the original church from the book of Acts, the Bible says they pray in one accord. The the the the the uh uh uh apostolic church there, the people are singing. They are knocking their hands. They are knocking the wall and knocking CS and making music. That is not okay. We're going to bring grand piano. We'll bring one of the best Roman pianists. Okay. So, you know, the the the the the Romans, they like entertaining. They like to go to the circus and, you know, sit down. So, now what they're going to do is that we're going to make a choir that we sing because some of you just sing too fast. I mean, we can't catch up with our singing. So why not we bring a choir, you know, and in the choir we we give them a special seat and and and got to wear a gown. Everybody got to get a uniform. That's how they started killing the effect of the truth church. That's right. What were they using? They were using Roman power. Right. Amen. This is this is a Roman general being part of the church. So pretty soon the church and the state is emerging. Yeah. When the church want to do anything, they must not consult the state. Praise the Lord. Amen. This is not it's not hygienic for us to watch one another feet. How can we be watching slave feet? No. No. No. No. No. Y'all stop that. Y'all stop that. Y'all stop that. I mean all of these things here. Uh uh what you say communion? How they call it? Communion. Okay. What yall should do is that y'all make every individual own you know nobody coming to take their hand and break the bread and and uh no no no no no no so everybody get a little you just make it small small it's I mean for everybody you know I mean in that way we we got to be careful before we pass James to one another and uh praise the lord I mean why can't we just do the communal in the service in the morning why we have to go home and come back in the evening Again, if y'all say that it's just a a representation, I mean, let's let's just do it in one service before you realize things started changing. The Roman church started adopting those things. The people that were against it had to go out. That's right. The people that were against it have to go out. If you read church history, you realize that's when uh uh uh uh Aquelia and Piccelia move over to Ephesus because they were some of the minority that were in the church that were under persecution. They have to go out. when they say no this is not the way they now the the the kind of believers now saw it as the church is progressing the church is progressing I mean we uh the the general just said we're going to build a a big church we're going to get a good cathedral you know uh uh this little thing that we are in just like a bus you know uh so to then the church But but go back to to Daniel prophecy. How it was supposed to be was the clay and the iron was going to mix. Right? Amen. Amen. And if you read the Bible, the Bible says they were going to do what? Mingle their seed. Right. And what does that means? these young Christian women were going to be marrying pagan men because his father is a general. So if he come and ask for my daughter, I don't have much to say. He's not born again yet. Yeah. He still drinks wine. He still goes out there to the sacers and he does all of those things. They will mingle their seed. It started killing the effect and pretty soon the Holy Ghost has to back out. Amen. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? Now, so we see here that uh that's when pagan Rome was converted to make papa room. Why are we in that denomination? That's where we're reading from. pagan room was converted and then it became papas which they had a pope in thestead of a king and the pope is the spiritual king. So that's how he's that's that's that's how he's seen that's the way he is. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Let's continue to read. And that is the reason he's a crown spiritual uh king claim to be the valker of Jesus Christ. The one that is in the place of Jesus Christ. That's how he's looked at. That's how he's looked at. One of the one of the biggest thing that came on the news uh uh uh was this was this little boy and I don't know about seven years old or so uh uh and and uh you know the uh Francis the Pope Francis let me let me be respectful the Pope Francis was good of going into you know the poor neighborhood he was very good that's the reason why uh his funeral was a bit uh you know extraordinary this weekend because he was not buried in a normal place that most of the pope was buried. He was buried out, you know, at another uh kind of a shelter, you know, community, but it's another cathedral somewhere, you know. So, he was out and this little boy came to him and, you know, and the little boy lost his dad and his dad was not a Christian. So, he wanted to ask the pope if his dad will be in heaven. It was it was a big thing and it's still now is a big thing because he's considered the man this is the man that is next to God on earth whatever he says [Music] sad and let it be done. Are we together? That's his office. That is his office. And now we are watching for who will be the next pope. That's what is important. Now watch and see why it's important. Let me let me I did too much talking here. Now a beast which was and which is now remember all of them will be deceived upon the earth whose name was not written in written from the foundation of the word. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's let's come down to here if if uh my young the folks can put up there the uh acts of the ask of the Holy Ghost. Let's let's take this one. Now, this this was what that drew me to this subject this morning as I was following all of these events. Let's read together. I believe one of these glorious day when this united confederation of churches goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there I calling to prophecy. I call into prophecy. What is the prophecy? What is the prophecy now? Watch now. I believe one of these glorious days when when this United Confederation of Churches, which is the World Council of Churches, Amen. Where where does the World Council of Churches have their headquarter? Geneva. That's where they have their headquarter in Switzerland. That's where the World Council of Churches have their headquarter. But what is the police force of the World Council of Churches? United Nation. That's right. Where is their headquarter? New York. Now, so watch now. I believe one of these glorious day when this united confederation of churches goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States. Now like again I'm saying don't say brother but won't say the pope is coming from America. That's not what I'm saying. Okay? That's not what I'm saying. That's not what I'm establishing to you. I'm only establishing to you a trend of what is to happen. Okay? Now, see where where it gets it gets important now. Amen. Are we together? Can we say amen? Amen. Okay. Now, so while this new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy, then there will form an image like unto the beast. What does that means? What does that means? It means that uh uh the like I said the police force the police of the world council of churches of this great system is the United Nation. Are we together? Amen. Okay. And uh so if if we have a a h a pope from the America, which means that uh we have uh let me say it this way. We have we have we will have power over both uh the the executive branch of the papac and also we will have the army of the papace. What I'm trying to say to you there is that now it becomes evident that we can now use the police to start to enforce Now the strength of the image of the beast will now comes visible. Right? That's what he's trying to say. That is the prophecy. Are we together? Amen. The image of the beast is already there. What is the image of the beast? Like mother, like daughters, right? Vatican is there. She has her influence over Geneva, right? She has her influence over who is placed down there as head of the World Council of Churches. Oh, sorry. This is not uh uh Jesus's love, but I'm telling you that God love you. Amen. Amen. He love you. Praise the Lord. And he has given you an opportunity that in your generation if you have not paid attention to this in your generation a pope will be elected few days no matter where he comes from. What is important is that we know that is a beast power from the bot that is leading to pedition. Amen. Are we together? The new pope is brought out of the United States. If that ever happened and put over there according to prophecy, then they will form the image like unto the beast. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. Why? Because you will feel it. Yeah. Amen. You will feel it. They will shut down churches. Yeah. True. You will feel it. That's what he means. Now the true church will now be drawn together. But why should we wait for that to be drawn together? Amen. Amen. Why should we wait for that? Amen. Why should we wait for chaos to be drawn together when we have the opportunity to worship God under the liberty that we have the freedom we have? We can preach an hour and I think I've gone over an hour and always over an hour. Praise the Lord. Amen. We don't have to watch our back and see if the police is coming. When we have all of the liberty to do that, why can't we enjoy? Why not immerge ourself in it? Enjoy. get the benefit. Why should we wait for chaos before we start getting serious with God? That's right. Yeah. Praise the Lord. What it happened in our time is going to happen because it's the word of God. Revelation 13, Revelation 17, Revelation 18 tells us these things. Amen. Whether it happen now or later is going to happen. Are we together? So what? Why should we wait for that? I tell you the true church of God will be drove together the real true believers out of the Methodist Baptist Presbyterian. No matter what doctrine, no matter what doctrine you preach. Praise the Lord. when it really come to the place where where churches are shut down, you know, h places are closed down and and and you and you really want to worship God in spirit and truth and not just want to go to church for entertainment. Right. Right. Praise the Lord. The problem there is that we have a generation that just take the church to be a place of entertainment. they take it because uh I mean how many goes back and take and take their notes and go and says well we read from this place let me go and read it myself we don't do it we go through the door it's done we go with our own idea we get our program on our mind right why should we wait for that before we realize that we need to be in church h on time. We need to be in church before the doors open. We need to be in church on Wednesday. Why should we wait for that? Now we have the liberty while not grown ourself. And also expose our little ones. Yeah. Are we together? Amen. Like I said, I don't mean to make you afraid. The real true church will be drawn together. He says, uh, will go together and and and cemented by the love of God that will make the body of Jesus Christ. All the believers and uh, anostics and shadowminded will be cast to one side. Okay. Because there there are people like that. No matter no matter what you say, you can read it right from the Bible. They don't care. Yeah. They are so shallowminded that spiritual things don't appeal to them. Right. Their life is all about their own agenda. Spiritual things don't appeal to them. Are we together? Amen. Now, I can go I can go on and on. I can go on and on and and I mean if you you you try me, I'll keep you here until this evening because that's that's all that's all I was doing all through this week. I was just I was just looking And there there are a lot of things there that uh Wednesday night if the Lord allow us I want to I want to I want to speak on something here uh uh one hour uh becoming king one hour with the beast I want to I want to speak on that Wednesday night just for the prayer meeting. Uh so uh uh and and it just it's just all in sense. I don't want to put everything together this morning, but I mean that's what I want for us to be able to look at. What time are we living in? Like we said, Daniel got so concerned and when the devil realized that he was concerned, he blocked his heavens. He sent demon powers to to to to close his heaven. 21 days Daniel was laboring under there. Praise the Lord. I know uh uh you know, brother Crosby kept saying 23 days. Don't take it as false doctrine. Just take it as you know, human mistake. You know uh uh 21 days. The heavens was closed. Why? Because the enemy never wanted him, the devil don't want him to get this reality. He just want our life to be filled with formality. Praise the Lord. Formality. We call ourselves believers but we far from the reality. We are believers in what? Right. What are we believers in? If we are believers in God, then let believe God every day. Yeah. Let it be reflected in our decision, in our choices. Let it be reflected in the things that we are doing. Are we together? Another friend. I don't know what this guy is thinking. Another friend of mine, I go to work and he says, he says, "Hey, I want to ask you what why were this what was that those people with the black gown and long black cap and I" I said, "Look, I never live in a Vic before. Praise the Lord." I said, "But let me let me let me let me bring you to some reality. You have to realize that this pope was a Jesuit. He was a Jesuit. That was the first Jesuit priest. I mean pope that we ever had. And uh and uh and uh the uh the Jesuit is a very very very strong powerful organization in the Catholic. Yeah. And they had to perform some Jesuit right. Now, so all of these things, all I'm trying to say, lift up your heads. Amen. Your redemption drawing nine. That's all I'm saying to you this morning. Amen. Lift up your heads. We must be going higher. We must be lifting up. Not descending. Not in a descending order. No. the the higher dimension must be affecting our life. It must be affecting our choices. It must be reflecting in our homes. Praise the Lord. Now when we finish singing higher higher then we go live lower lower. No, we must sing higher higher and live higher higher. We must not sing higher higher and go live lower Lord. Lift up your heads. Your redemption is night. Musicians you can come. I will pause here and then I'll pick up on Wednesday [Applause] night for our our memorial weekend. We having brother Joel Adams from uh uh uh Louisiana. He will be he'll be speaking for us on the on the Memorial Day weekend and uh we will bring we'll bring uh some other announcement. I wrote all of these things this morning but I forget about it. Amen. Let let's stand on our feet. Let's just let's let's just sing this chorus before we we get into worship and praying. If I be lifted up, I would draw all men unto me. Lift Jesus higher. Lift Jesus higher. Lift Jesus high. [Music] lift him up for the world to see. He said, "If I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw off to thee." Oh, lift Jesus high. Live Jesus higher. Living high for the world to see. He said, "If I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw anointing." Oh, let's lift him up. Lift Jesus high. Lift Jesus high. Holy power for the world to see. He said, "If I be lifted up from the air, I will draw upon you." Oh, let's lift him up. Oh, the Jesus. The Jesus high. Oh, yes. Lift him up for the world to see. He said, "If I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw up." One more time now. Let's lift him up. This Jesus. Holy Jesus. Holy love. Lift him up for the world to see. He sat. be lifted up from the earth. I will draw men and all to you. Oh, let's lift him up with Jesus every day. He my life. Lift him up for the world to see. He sat. He lifted up from the earth. Oh, I will draw on and on to you. I'm going to lift him up in Jesus above my triumphs in my pray. Lift him up all the time. Be lifted up from the drawing all. Oh, let's lift him up. Lift Jesus high every day. Lift Jesus high in my life. Lift him up for the world to see. He said, "If I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw to thee. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's just bow our heads together and give thanks to the Lord for allowing us to be able to share these thoughts with you this morning. I hope it was a blessing. Like I said, it's not to make you afraid, but to tell you to lift up your heads, your redemption drawing night. We must be going up higher. We must be going up. There must be progression in our work. There must be devotion in our commitment to God. There must be uh personal devotion to the Lord. Teach your children to go in the room, spend few time and read a verse and let them let's let's cultivate those things in our life. Let's cultivate prayer. It must not just be a morning prayer and a night going to bed prayer. Find that time of the day where you can sleep away and just and just tell the Lord, "I love you. Thank you for being good to me." And just see how it change your life. See how he lift you up. He said if he be lifted up, if we are lifting him up in everything we are doing, lifting him up in our speeches, lifting him up, he will he will draw us. He will draw us. He has the drawing power. He has the quickening power to be able to lift us up, to be able to draw us up, to bring us above our situation, to bring us above our our struggles. He has that. Amen. [Music] Heavenly Father, what a time that is before our eyes. Lord, we don't know how much time is allotted us. We hope God we can be able to see it in few days. Who is this new pope? Wherever he comes from Lord, we know that the influence, we know that the anointing, we know the power that is behind that throne, Lord. Oh God, Father, but we are under another power. Amen. Lord, you are our king. You are the one that inhabit our praises. Father, we want to be under your influence. We want to be, oh God. Father, drawn to you every day, Father God. It must not be a religious affair. It must be a relationship. Amen. It must be a relationship. Yes, Lord. It's later than we think. Lord, help us. Oh God, Father, we must not wait for chaos. We must not wait for trouble before we realize that we need you. We need you every day of our life, every breath that we breathe, every strength that we feel. Oh God, please help us Lord Jesus. See our individual lives. See our individual life, our individual walk with you. If there is ever a time, oh God, if there is ever a time you said, if my people that are called by my name, if they will humble themselves and prayed and seek my face, seek my face. That is the thing that lovers do. People that are in love, they want to see the face of one another and seek my [Music] face. Turn us from our evil ways. Lord turn us Lord Father God whatever we struggling with whatever is becoming a hindrance to our work and our commitment to you our devotion our dedication [Music] Lord what a time what a day that we living in we pray for our little ones of [Music] We pray father Lord God even for our backsliding ones may you stir something in their hearts. Oh Lord [Music] God that it can run back to you while you are stay there. We know that father it is said in your word there will be a time oh god father that he that is filthy will remain filthy stay I don't believe we are in that time I believe there is still mercy I I believe there is still mercy I believe that God can still deal with our hearts he can change our heartsmen he can change our lives [Music] Lord, we love you. We love you. We appreciate you, Father. I just pray that God, your blessings now will come and go with us. Oh God, when we go home, bring these things back to our mind. May we reflect on them, oh [Music] God. In Jesus name we pray. [Music] Victory in Jesus. Oh my savior forever. He's lost me and he bought me oh free redeeing. Oh he loved me. Are you? Oh yes. And my love is glory to victory. Oh, we need Let's sing that one more time. Oh yeah. Victory in Jesus my savior forever. He sought [Music] me with his [Music] redee and all my love is true. Oh yeah to victory. Oh yeah. I say one more time now. Oh victory in Jesus my savior forever. He saw me and he brought me with his redeeing blood. And he love me. I [Music] knew and all my love is to thee. He launched me to victory in the backless. [Music] I'm not afraid of the darkness. I'm not afraid of the darkness. Shut up. Okay. Yeah, that's it. I'm not afraid of the darkness shall appear if God is before me. What shall we say to these things? What shall we say to these things? I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, I'm not afraid of the darkness. Who shall be before? What shall we say? What shall we say to these days? What shall we say to these days? I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, I'm not afraid anymore. I'm not afraid of the darkness. Oh, shall I fear if God is before me? What shall we say to these things? What shall we say to these things? I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, I'm not afraid anymore. Oh, I'm not afraid of the darkness. Don't shout again before me. What shall we say to these days? What shall we say to these days? I'm not a friend anymore. Oh, I'm not a friend anymore. That's what happen when we don't sing a song for a long time. I will stay right under the blood. The Lord bless you. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. We will see you Wednesday night. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] You know, with me, you don't know what to [Laughter] expect. Thank you. I'm going to stay right under the blood where the devil can do me no harm. Amen. Come walk me. That's a hiding place. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I'm going to stay right on the I'm going to stay right on the Oh, I'm going to stay right on the Hallelujah. where the devil can do. Oh, I'm going to stay right under the blood every day. I'm going to stay right under the blood for me. I'm going to stay right on the Yeah. Where the devil came to [Music] me, [Music] oh, oh, no. When the devil came to me, no high. Oh, no. No. No. No. [Music] me no harm. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay right under that blood. I'm going to stay right under the blood. The devil can do me. No, no, no. [Music] No, no, no. But the devil can do me. No. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay right under the blood. I'm going to stay right under the blood. Word and devil can't do me. No harm. No, no, no, no, no, no. Burning devil can't do me no harm. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus. Amen. [Music]
