################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - May 14, 2025 Wednesday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - The Power of Submission - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-14
Title:   May 14, 2025 Wednesday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Power of Submission
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XD5J18o5jqY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] lose All the guilty stain. Lose all the guilty thing. and see us punch beneath the flow all the guilty stying thief rejoice to seek the fountain in his name. Ender may I to [Music] vi wash all my sins away. Wash all my sins away. [Music] Wash all my sins away. me I to the sea. Wash all my sins away. Oh thy preious Lord shall never lying. All the ransom church of God be saved to sin no more. Be safe to sing no more. Be safe to say no. Till all the ransom church of God be safe to sin no more. Then in no blood, sweet a song I sing a heart to sing. When this body strength lie silently in thy grave. Lie silent in thy grave. Li [Music] I when this falling straight [Music] stand in thy grave. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Let's go ahead and [Music] stand. Create in me a clean heart. Oh Lord, I renewed spirit within [Music] me. Create in me a clean heart. Hold on. I renew a spirit within [Music] me. Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord. [Music] and take not thy holy spirit from [Music] me. Resto to me the joy of the salvation and renew arise spirit within me. [Music] Create in me a cleaner. Oh God, a renew arise spirit within me. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, I'll renew my spirit within me. [Music] has been not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. [Music] Restore to me the joy of [Music] salvation. I renew our spirit within [Music] me. Cast me not away from thy presence. Oh Lord, and take not thy holy spirit from me. Restore onto me the joy of salvation. a renewal spirit within me. cast me away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not your holy spirit from me. Restore unto me the joy of salvation and renew our spirit within me as a instrument. Play softly. Let just talk to him tonight. Just give him thanks tonight. Just raise up your voices up to him tonight. Thank him for all that he has done. Bless him this moment. Give him the praise. Give him the glory. Give him the honor. Thanking him for all that he has done. Oh yes. What a way to celebrate God this hour. Acknowledge his presence. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh yes Jesus. We thank you oh God for your grace and your mercy. We bless your name. Thank you, heavenly father. Oh yes, it's just talk to him tonight. Thank him. Give him the praise. Give him the glory. And give him the honor. Hallelujah. Bless the hour, Lord. Bless this moment, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, Lord. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not your Holy Spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of your vision. I renew a spirit within me. Create in me a cleaner. Oh Lord, I renew my spirit within me. Create in me a cleaner. Oh Lord, I renew a spirit within me. [Music] Cast me not away from thy presence, oh Lord, and take not your holy spirit from [Music] me. Restore unto me the joy of [Music] salvation. I renew arise spirit within [Applause] me. Heavenly Father, we just want to acknowledge your presence tonight, Lord. We just want to thank you, give you the praise, give you the glory, give you the honor, Lord. We thank you for your grace and your mercy. We thank you, Lord, for bringing us here tonight again, Lord, for us to come and partake of your blessing, of your grace and your mercy. Be with us, oh God. Bless this hour, Lord. Bless the preacher tonight, Lord. We thank you, oh God, for many, many ones, saints. Uh blessing be with them, Lord. Even those who are on the line screaming, Lord, blessing be with them. Heavenly Father, we thank you for those who are trying to make their way here. Lord, may you bring them safely, Lord. We thank you, oh God, for such a wonderful time. Bless each one of us, Lord. We give you praise. We give you the glory, honor, and adoration. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus [Applause] tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Turn to somebody and say, "God bless you tonight." Amen. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king soon and very soon. We are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. No more crying. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. No more dying. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. [Music] He paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owe a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash away my sins. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid the death that I could never be. One day he's coming back for me to be with him eternally. Won't he give me glory to see him all day and I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid the debt that I could never pay. Hallelujah. Amen. All right, let's sing this song as we change the order of service. [Music] See here down from his glory ever living in story. [Music] My God and Savior King and Jesus was his name to be born in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrows, tears in her glory. Oh, I love him. Oh, I adore him. My breath, my soul shine, my all in all. My great creator became my [Music] savior in August fullest. [Music] Oh, how I love him. How I adore him, my breath, my song shine. You are my holy Lord. [Music] A great creator became my savior and all of [Music] this. The Lord bless you tonight. Good to be in the house of the Lord. You may have your seat for a [Music] while while we bring greetings to you and and just make uh mention few needs to to you [Music] tonight. I like to read this. Uh uh got this uh uh note of things uh from u one of the saints uh in Russia. Brother Barry is sending out and I thought that it might be a blessing tonight. I'm glad to greet uh all the saints in the name of the Lord Jesus. I want to testify about what the Lord is doing in my life. Recently, I was at work and there was a bombardment of the city and the factory where I work. After two explosion, there was a great anxiety in inside and I thought that we should go to the bomb shelter fast. Although I had never felt such feeling before I decided to go down to a safe place. There were many explosion more than 20. There were great hits on the factory. Some shops were completely destroyed and one uh of the hit was on the place where I work. Now I realized that it was the Lord who made me anxious and thought of shelter. Thank the Lord for saving my life and the life of many of my co-workers. Thank you all for uh all the saints for your prayers and support. May God bless each of you. Amen. Another brother wrote greetings to all the saints. Greetings uh to brother Barrett and all who help us. We want to thank uh we thank you for your mercy, for your kindness, for your help you give us. We are in great need. We depend entirely on your help. I can't I can't travel anywhere. I can't work anywhere. Uh may God reward you. Uh I live in uh uh Vonisk. We have a small congregation here. We host services on Wednesday and Sunday. We worship the Lord, praise and thank him for his mercy and kindness and uh uh pray for the sick and the needed as well. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's such a uh a great comfort to know that people can stay take shelter in the Lord. And uh I know I I thought I had another prayer need here. Um this is from brother Boscow there in Shivak, Alaska. Prayer request for my son Dale. He has a spirit of depression creeping in. He has a spirit of uh alcohol that has been ruining him for many years. Relationship has fallen apart. So call old friends are turning on him. He is making his uh financial uh his uh financial wrongs right that old life is eating him up and needing help. I prayed with him and ask that you agreed with us. Praise God for his mercy and grace. Amen. So we will we will stand with brother Boscott tonight. I wrote him that we will be we'll be standing in agreement with him. Praise the Lord. Amen. We also want to remember uh brother Ben. He traveled uh because his mom was not well and uh uh he pleased the Lord uh uh Sunday that his mom will go to be with the Lord. So we just want to remember him and uh and the family sales and the children uh Simon and the girls Becky and and joy that the Lord will just uh comfort them and strengthen them around this time as we just go to the Lord in prayer. Uh heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we just uh want to thank you oh God for just keeping your children Lord. Father those are just few of the requests or thanksgiving that we will be able to read but many come through the hearts of your children especially those Lord living serving you under difficult condition in war tones area. Father God in the Ukraine side, even on the Russia side, Father Lord, and other parts of the world where there are just difficult condition that the righteous have to endure with the wicked. Father, we pray that God, you would comfort your children, be their strength, be their sustaining. So, Father, Lord, provide, oh God. Father, because we know you are doing it or else we will not have testimonies like this. Father we pray oh God Lord Jesus the almighty God you will also be father Lord with brother Bosar's son D we lift him up oh father to you tonight oh God father we want to stand in agreement with our brother oh God that his son need a help we pray that Lord you will come through for him and Lord Father God you would just rebuke that spirit of the young man's life and father many many young people that are struggling with the same oh God making wrong choices Father we pray that God you will be merciful undertake for them oh God and Lord come through and deliver them in the name of Jesus Christ we pray to God father to stand with brother Ben and his wife sister Alice and the children the entire family oh God on a glory home of his mom we pray that oh God you will comfort them Lord Jesus you will strengthen them around this time oh God father precious Lord oh God our brother went home to visit his and and and just uh uh make sure that she gets good care, father, Lord God. But you knew that Lord Jesus, you'll be taking her home and oh God, you designed it that he will go and say farewell to mama. So we prayed and say oh God that you would just bless him, strengthen him father away from his family. Sister Alice with the children, your grace will be with them too. the rest of the family. The rest of the family, oh God, you will just comfort them all around this time. Precious Lord, we also pray for the many, oh God, Father, that are mourning their loved ones, oh God, in relations. Pray, oh Father God, that your grace, your love and mercy, oh God, Father, what a opportunity, God, to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We just ask, oh Father God, that you would come, just come, Lord, and be with us tonight. Come, Father, Lord, oh God, take me, Lord, Father, in my weaknesses, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, I pray, oh God, breaking all at the foot of the cross, needing your help tonight, oh God. Father, oh Jesus, and your people also, Father God, we lift this assembly in your hands, Lord. Father, we ask in your grace, Lord, you will raise a New Testament church, oh God. Oh, Father, raise a believing people, Lord. Father candle Lord Jesus our heart to God Father Lord. Oh precious Lord with the time in the hour that is upon us. I pray to Father Lord Jesus that oh God you would do something special that would grab the attention of your people. Something that would gravitate our heart towards the word. We love you tonight oh God. We give you the glory. We give you the praise. We give you the honor Lord Father. We also Lord Jesus will oh God father ask your blessing upon our invisible audience tonight those that are streaming into the service. We pray that God you will bless them oh father Lord and we pray that God the Holy Ghost would just have the preeminence Lord come out of the pages of your word speak to us tonight oh God father may we draw strength from your word what a wonderful savior you are what a blessed God you are thank you Jesus thank you Lord thank you [Music] Father, thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. To God be the glory. To God be the glory. Glory to God be the glory for the things he has [Music] done. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Praise the Lord. What a wonderful Jesus we self we and uh let's just sing a song here maybe that will help me to break out of my slowness [Music] night. Let's count our blessings tonight. Count your blessing name them one by one. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh. Yes. Count your blessings in the one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. And count your blessing in them one by one. Oh, count your many blessings in one blessing that he gave. Oh, count your blessings with you. Count your blessings in one God has gone and count your blessing in them one by one. Oh count those many blessings in one more time. Oh yes. Count your blessings lift them one by one and count your blessings in my pass. Count your blessings. Make them one by one. Count your many blessings. Say what God has done. Praise the Lord. Lord bless you. Thank you for the music. Let's stand on our feet and uh and go into the word tonight. Praise the Lord. I hope you had a good Mother's Day whether you were uh celebrating or you were in uh uh memorial or in memory. We can also celebrate in memory. as we think about the blessed and precious memories. Amen. And then also I hope uh you were able to process what we share with you. I know it was too much information. I held you more than I should but sometimes that's what it takes to be able to get things off of our heart. So tonight we just want to turn to Matthew chapter 6. I want to continue a little bit but in a in a kind of a different direction. I want to talk tonight on the power of submission. The power of submission. The secret uh weapon of the church. The secret weapon of the church. Power of summation. Uh Matthew chapter 6. Matthew chapter 6. very familiar. Matthew chapter 6. Let's read from verse 24 to verse 34. I read verse 24, you read the next, and then we read the last one together. No man can serve two masters, for either he will hate one or love the other, or else he will hold to one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and my money. Behold the fowls of the head for the soul net neither do they reap nor gather into band yet our heavenly father your heavenly father feed them are ye not much better than they and why take ye thought of women consider the ladies of the field how they grow. They torn neither do they spin. Therefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith. For after all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your heavenly Father know that ye have need of all these things, all this righteousness. Take therefore no thought for the moral, for the moral shall take thought of what is sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. Praise the Lord. Amen. My tongue got stuck to the roof of my mouth. Luke chapter 17. Luke chapter 17. It's a little way just to kind of wake us up and and uh as we just swim on the the the Holy Spirit tonight that he would just cast every tiredness away from us and make the this few minutes we spend in his presence a blessing. Luke chapter 17, let's read from verse 20. Luke 17, we will read from verse 20. And when uh and when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, he answered them and said unto them, the kingdom of God cometh not with observation. Neither shall they say, Lord year or lo, for behold, the kingdom of God is in you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Behold, the kingdom of God is in you. But then Jesus said we must seek the kingdom. So how do we seek the kingdom if the kingdom is in you seek you first the kingdom of heaven. Praise the Lord. So we must not be looking outside. We must be looking inside. Amen. We must be seeking the kingdom inside not from outside. Let's pray together. Father tonight we want to just uh thank you Lord. We want to appreciate you, oh God, Father, for giving us another opportunity, Lord God, to be able to be together tonight and come fellowship around your word. We want to ask your special blessings, oh, Father God, upon the service tonight that you would just come out of the pages of your word. May something be said that will draw us closer to you. Something that will uplift our faith, oh God. May the word be released, oh Father, Lord, and turn loose every wrong influence from our lives. We thank you. We appreciate you Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Brother Bram says this in the uh the sermon church age which of course is uh just coincide with just what we read from Matthew chapter 6. He says here is where you have to believe again in the love, the goodness, the wisdom of God. This too is needful. Remember he admonish. Take no thought for the moral. What ye shall eat or what ye shall put on. Your father knoweth the things ye have need of. He who clothe the ladies and feed the sparrow shall do much more to you. These physical things are not the true basic necessity of your life. For a man life consisted not of the things he possess, but rather seek ye first the kingdom of God in his righteousness, and all material necessities will be added unto you. The people of God are not material-minded. They are Christminded. They do not seek the treasures that are below. They seek those above. Praise the Lord. So, we just uh we want to look at uh submission tonight with the little time that is before us. I'm hoping that I can be able to drag this to Father's Day. It will be able to help me to cover Father's Day is coming up in June. So, uh it will be able to help us to cover some of our basic year. But tonight, I want to just speak on the power of submission. now and and again I want I want you want us to pay attention because uh like I said on Sunday I was trying to dramatize so I'm using lot of types in kind of for you know trying to drive my my thought or my inspiration home now so uh uh uh so I want I want us to be able to look at something tonight just like I said Jesus says seek ye first the kingdom of heaven and all other things will be added unto you. Now remember now uh I want us I want you to be able to look at it uh look at it like this. Uh if if you if you if you just think about it and look at it in this way um for you to get the benefit of the kingdom for you to get the benefit of the kingdom you have to submit to the rules or the principle of the kingdom. Praise the Lord. You cannot get the benefit of anything if you don't submit to the principle of that thing. You cannot get the benefit of faith unless you submit to the principle of faith. Praise the Lord. And that's one of the biggest thing that uh that that is a hindrance to us in our Christian faith because uh we all believe that uh uh uh you know uh things works by prayer but we must also realize that God pulled a law to everything that he gave us. Praise the Lord. So there is a principle and unless we submit to that principle you will not be able to enjoy the benefit of uh of let me give an example if you don't submit yourself to sleep. Amen. to be able to find that time to sleep and uh when evening is uh time to take a little bit of a nap, you know, uh if you if you don't if you don't do that, you will not enjoy the benefit of of a restful body. Praise the Lord. So that's that's the way I want to look at uh submission tonight. I want to look at it in uh in a way that uh I pray that the Lord will be able to to help us because remember now I'm I'm using it as a secret weapon of the church. And keep in mind we are taking the we are taking the the position of the woman as a type. Praise the Lord. And like I said and I say it over and over again. Many of us, brother Brandham being a prophet, uh uh he tells us that he went to the school of neology and graduated with a degree of typology. Praise the Lord. So in many things, brother Brandham used types. Paul would do the same thing in the scripture as he would talks about the church. He would use a woman as a type. Now where we made a mistake is because we exclude ourself from that picture and we think that un is speaking about the woman and that's the reason why I said on Sunday if we don't understand the position of the woman we will never understand our position as a church and when the church finds its position brother Brandham says the rapture will go. Praise the Lord. Amen. There is one man here that's the man Christ Jesus. We are the church. We are his bride. Are we together? We are his bride. We are the church. There is one man and that is the man Christ Jesus. So we have to keep that principle in our mind. When it comes to the unit of our home, we are the the men, we are the women in our home, the children is all there. when it comes to the big picture because you see the fact about the matter there is that God's redemption program was not for one person it was for a family that's the reason why uh I mean if a man drop off the faith it does not stop redemption the church goes on amen goes on when a person stop coming to church and say, "I don't believe anymore." God don't pause redemption. It's not for one man. It's a family program. Are we together? It's almost like a young man or a man beginning a family. When he thinks about starting a family, he don't think about individual children. Praise the Lord. He thinks about playing for the family. When I have a family, one day I get married, this is what I'm going to do. I'm going to buy a car, you know, so we can be able to travel. I'm going to buy a house. He's thinking about the entire family. So if the Lord blesses him and and he start having children, you know, uh a child could fall sick, the Lord could call a child home. It does not stop the family. The family remember the loss of that child, but the family continue. That's the same thing with the church. God did not make his redemption program for individual. You don't have an individual program. I don't have an individual program. They don't have an indiv. It's it's one program. Are we together? Amen. It's one program. So, so we we have to we have to be able to to to understand we have to be able to understand the position the power of the church is her ability to submit to the word of God. We will never enjoy the blessing of the promises unless we submit to God's word. Yes. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you think you are enjoying the blessings now, think how much more when you continue to summit. Think how much more when you grab the key of submission. Praise the Lord. There is a key, the key of submission. See, that's what we want to look at tonight. We want to look at the key of submission. So I will use this word. That's what I want you to pay attention. I will use this word seek when you look in the scripture. I was I was I was try I was studying and I'm just trying to find where you know uh uh the similarity will come. But I I I want you to be able to see like this uh uh when when when we seek seek the kingdom. That's why Jesus said it's not by observation. Seek the kingdom and his right Jesus says seek you first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all other things will be out there. Okay. How do I seek? Praise the Lord. How do we seek? Now he says the kingdom of God is not by our salvation. The kingdom of God is in you. Then how do you seek it? That's what I want us to look at tonight because I realize the way to seek the kingdom of God is to submit. When you are submitting to the word, you are seeking, right? Praise the Lord. I mean, you can be zillious and flying your coat every word, you know, and and and and and shouting scripture every word if you are not submitting. if you are not submitting to the word. Praise the Lord. That's so that's why we want to look at tonight because we realize that God placed in the woman that is a type of the church. It's in her. It's in her sacred virtue to submit. It's in her. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see that is the reason why you don't demand it. No, you don't demand it. You don't demand summation. God do not demand submission because submission to the church comes by revelation. Right. When the church realize that her secret power is to submit to the word, then God don't have to make us sick and and and and and make us to to our our h you know our house to get in trouble or you know to just to be doing things in our lives so we can s I make sure I will bring you to salvation. God don't have to do that. Praise the Lord. He don't have to do that because it's a secret power and he want the church to be able to identify it. You want the church to be able to grab the revelation. Are we are we together? Because that is the thing that is going to open the heavens for us. Amen. Is going to open the blessings for us. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Now, so as as we uh as you were talking on this, it's so beautiful when you look at this year that I mean I kind of throw some few things uh down in my in my notes here. I was looking also at the word of uh uh humility and and and and submitting. Both of them relatively carry the same concept. But when you look at the word, but they have distinct meaning to be humble and to be submissive. They carry the same concept but they have unique distinct meaning. Humitate is a character trait is a state of being. When a person is humble is a state of being while submission is an act. Praise the Lord. Amen. While submission is an act, as we as we look into the word, as we go ahead, you will see uh uh uh while submission is an action, an act of yielding to another's authority of will. Humility often proceed submission. You can never be submissive without being humble because humbleness condition you to be submissive. Are we together? Amen. Humbleness condition you for you to be submissive. So that's what we we we trying to look at tonight. And uh I will start off here. Uh we will see Jesus. I'll start out of here. Just like why does a woman every time she gets married put a veil over her face? She's coming to her husband the head just like Rebecca did. She put a veil over her face to meet Isaac. She has she has no more head. Isaac is her head. And the church ought to ought to be so submissive to the word. Praise the Lord. That that that is ve its own face. It has no head. The nature of a woman is to submit to a man. And that's what the church ought ought to be doing. Submitting to Christ, to his word, to his doctrine, to his principle. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. So you see the uh uh the the the ancient custom of wearing the veil uh uh was just trying to show a place of hairship. Okay. It was trying to show a place of hairship and when she comes and remove that veil or the man remove the veil is it it was it was a sign of of submission. Praise the Lord. He's submitting you know uh to to that hairship of of the man now. So the thing there is that the uh uh uh where I want to go with this thought is that the like I I continue to say we have to look at it in the place of the church. Are we together? We have to look at it in the condition the position of the church. And uh when we look at it like that uh uh it will it will it will bless us will will be strengthened. Praise the Lord. It's so easy to go on the trail of just looking at it as a condition of the woman alone and uh which of course that that we supposed to know and we know that is being preached is in the scripture but we looking at the the position of the church. The powerful weapon the secret weapon of the church is submission. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Look at this. Look at this. I was thinking about few example in the scripture. One of them that stood out to me is that Sunday we read where the Bible said the birth of Jesus was on this wise and the scripture says the angel came to Mary and said Mary you know you found favor with God and and uh uh uh you know and and and the Holy Ghost is going to overshadow you. Are we together? Okay, see this type here where Mary now she said for the angel be it unto me I calling to your word okay which will be a a beautiful type of submitting to the word I don't know how this is going to be but I submit myself to the word be it unto me I calling to your word are we together praise the Lord. Now see the benefit of submission. Mary submitted herself to the word for what the angel said and she said, "Be it unto me. I calling to your word." She went home to tell Joseph. Joseph got in a little bit of a trouble in his mind. I've never seen this. I've never heard this before. The Bible says that he was thinking to put Mary away privately. But see the benefit of submission because she submitted to the word. The Lord intervene. Praise the Lord. You see how the battle is the Lord and the way he fight our battle is by us submitting to the word. Yeah, because she submitted to the word, God interveneed by sending an angel to ex to convince Joseph. She didn't had Joseph. I I I mean I I swear I I swear, Joseph, I rather never did anything. I I believe me, Joseph. I mean, I I I swear you can take me to the doctor. She didn't have to do that. because she submitted to the word. She submitted to what God has spoken by an angel. She said, "Be it unto me." Are we together? The angel fought on her behalf. That's the power that is in submission. And that is the place where we struggle. That's the place where we struggle. The Bible says if my people that are called by my name, the scripture says, if they will humble themselves, Amen. Are we together? If they will humble themselves and prayed, confess their sins and what? Seek my face. The Bible already mentioned pray in that. So seeking his face will not be praying. If my people that are called by my name, which of course is the position of the wife, she takes the husband name, that's the position of the church. The church has taken the name of Christ. If she will humble herself and prayed and turned from her wicked ways and seek my face. Yeah. So this seeking my face or seeking first the kingdom of God, I'm taking it in a sense of submitting because when you are seeking something is is it's a I mean you are on a hunt you are searching. Praise the Lord. Amen. Moses told the Lord he wanted to see him. The Lord said, "Okay, Moses, you go." You know, he says, "Go and stand on the rock. Are we together?" Praise the Lord. And uh uh yeah, you know that that that that that anxiousness that we have, we we we want it now. You know, we we we want it. And we must we must we must realize that God is faithful to his word all the time. He never fail and he will never fail. He never did it. He would not start doing it now. Praise the Lord. Amen. But it's for the church to seek his face. Look at Hannah in the temple. She needed a child and she was she was seeking the face of the Lord. But see what happened. Even when Eli the priest mishonest to her. Amen. He mishonest to her. He even insulted her. But what did she do? She submitted herself. No, my Lord. She never She never bounced back. I said, "Well, maybe you are the one drunk. I'm not drunk." No. Even when she was misunderstood, she still submitted herself to that authority. And then the blessing comes is the secret weapon all the time. Amen. Brother Era was speaking last week. He talked about jail. when uh when she took that that man into into her tent, she knew that he was terrifying Israel. She did not defend herself. She submitted herself to his authority. Yet, he was the one that was terrifying. When she came, when he came, she never stand on a porch and start yelling, "Yeah, he's here. He's here." She will be the next one dead. Praise the Lord. But she had the temperament to submit herself. Gave him food to eat, gave him water to drink, give him milk, put a pillow down, and by that way she was able to destroy the enemy. Are we together now? So Jesus says we will enjoy the benefit. Seek you first the kingdom and all of his benefits will be yours. Amen. You will enjoy the rest. You will enjoy the joy. You will enjoy everything that is promised within the kingdom. How do we seek it? That's why we trying to find out. Amen. By constantly submitting ourself to the word. Are we together? By constantly submitting ourself to the word. And that's where the church is struggling. You know, we want we want to be in a mystery. We want to, you know, we can we can quote the word like a machine gun. You know, we use the word to fight one another. You know, the scripture say that yes, it's also say this, you know, and we do all of that. And when we are doing that, we still do not come out victorious. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now if what we are doing what we are doing that we think is right if it's not making you happy then it's not right. Praise the Lord with whatever you are doing and and whatever uh h defense you are thinking and whatever way you think that uh you know you are protecting yourself if it is not making you happy. Praise the Lord. I mean, if you if you putting iron bars to the window and and and and changing the locks and putting steel and you are still afraid, praise the Lord, then you better change. You better think about changing that and start learning to trust the Lord. Glory be to God. Amen. As we were talking about uh uh uh heavenly treasures in earththing vessels and trying to bring that picture of how you know this vessel that we are God trusted to put you know his heavenly treasure the Holy Ghost and gave us his gift you know we're now spiritual gift and five for ministry put it right into the body. Praise the Lord. And how God will also raise up to a place of equality. Brother Rambo says in Christ is the ministry of God revealed that he brought us to partnership. The strip Paul says that he make us co-equal. Praise the Lord. Code equal. I want us to look at that a little bit tonight because I was I was trying, like I said, I keep go I'll keep going back and forth so I can be able to really put the nail in the coffin. Amen. Now, so uh uh uh look at look at the the message uh Job. Get a quote here from from the message Job. But God putting Satan almost quote equal with him. Satan taking the things of God and perverting them into the evil thoughts and through there begins to pervert things into evil instead of good. Why? Because he was called equal. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now here is the danger of coal equaleness. The danger of coequaless is that when a person do not have character. Amen. And they and they have been and they have been brought to co-equalness they will they will be they will they will have the tendency of looking for supremacy. Yeah. How have that exalted herself? That's what happened to Lucifer. Have you ever thought why in Exodus chapter 25, God told Moses uh when you build a tabernacle right over the ark of the covenant, put uh an emblem of two angels. Praise the Lord. Put an emblem of two angels right over the cover of the mercy seat. that was speaks of the two I angel uh h uh that that was that was there in heaven you know called equaless micer and Lucifer praise the lord and many times that is the thing that we struggle in our life whether in in family because it's it almost looks like we feel like a a a a loser. We feel like our position is threatened. So in that way, we start to look for some form of supremacy. Praise the Lord. Amen. We start to look for some form of supremacy. That's what you know brother says uh power without character is satonic. Because when you are given the power to be co-equal, if you don't have character, you will think now you can rule your pastor. You will think now you can rule the deacons because every every one of us are equal. But we we have to know that we are brought to the place of co-equalness under hairship. And that hairship is the word. So the word keeps us in our different position. It keeps us in our place as husband. It keep us in our place as wife. It keep us in our place as preachers. It keep you in your place as leotes. Are we together? Listening the pagama church age where Satan's seat is. The reason that this part of the illogy of the spirit is because these brave soldiers of the cross were overcoming Satan right in the midst of his own throne room. They were winning the battle through the name and the fate of Jesus right in the camp of the lead of the leader of darkness. What a tremendous commendation. Yeah, like the mighty men of David who vaded who invaded the camp of the enemy to bring David thirst quenching water. So these so these giants of faith invail the the the the realm of of Satanless stronghold and by preaching and exalting brawl the water of salvation to those who live under the shadows of death. Now, as much as these words concerning the throne and the reign of Satan are a part of God's praise for his elect, they actually set a stage for the denouncing of the evil that has gained supremacy in the church. Praise the Lord. Amen. So you see that's that's word that's that's that's that's that's the danger. So it's either we are submitting ourself or we will be seeking supremacitive. Praise the Lord. When you hear people says uh uh well I believe in God but I mean I mean now it's it's myself first. Amen. Now it's myself first. You know, I'm I'm I'm tired with this church thing. I I still believe in God. I I still believe in God. I still worship God. But now it's myself first. You will see that somewhere they have loose submissiveness to the word and now they are looking for supremacy. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. Look at Abigail. When she heard what Neba did to David and his men, praise the Lord. What she did? She ran quickly. The Bible says, "And she bowed to David. She said, "Oh, look at your handmmaid." She submitted. She submitted herself to to that authority because he was going to destroy. David said this day you have you have you have saved my hands from sharing blood. Amen. He say you have saved me from sharing blood. Well, so in in in in submitting to the word in submitting to to to to to David authority she saved her foolish husband. Praise the Lord. Even though God will remember the wrong that he have done and his blood will be on his own head. Are we together? So you see you look through the scripture you will see that submissiveness is not a weakness. No it's not a weakness. It's a secret weapon. Yes. But it also come by revelation. Praise the Lord. You can't practice it. You cannot practice it. It comes by revelation. When the church realized that that is her power in the midst of her struggle and her danger, she said, "Lord, be it unto me according to your word." Not my will but your will. Jesus kept submitting himself. Not my will but your will. Are we together? We want power. How do we get it? By submission to the word. We have to submit to the word every day. That's the reason why you must read your Bible and pray every day. When you read the word, find that promise in the word and say, "Lord, I submit myself to this." Amen. Are we together? Because you know when we think about power, we think about the church flexing her muscle. We will speak we will speak mixing link into existence. Jesus said you will speak this mountain and said and said h be thy removed and you will you will be removed. But we we don't also see what happened. Look at Elijah and his servant on the mountain. The Syrian's army coming. He's not saying, "Lord, let fire come from our mouth and consume them." He said, "Open his eyes. Let him see what is fighting our battle." As you are submitting to the word, God is taking care of your challenges. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. As we are submitting to the word, he's fighting our battle because the battle is the Lord's. Amen. He's fighting our battle. So to enjoy the benefit of the kingdom, you must submit to the principle of the kingdom. We cannot be we cannot be disregarding God's word, disobeying God's word and you think you will enjoy the benefit. No, you won't enjoy the benefit. You might enjoy the atmosphere. Praise the Lord. We must enjoy the atmosphere. But for us to be able to to enjoy the benefit, count our blessings, name them one by one, we must learn that principle of daily submitting to the word. Praise the Lord. If something is rising in your life, an anger, a temper, a thought that is disturbing you, submit there to God. Don't give yourself reason to to fall into that thought process. You'll be losing your victory. Are we together? You will be losing your victory. Hallelujah. Amen. I was looking at this also. Uh preacher, wouldn't you like that is uh uh uh and that sea shall possess the gates? Preacher, wouldn't you like to see that in your church walk in this church and look down through and look down alone through here? See both men and women godly, sinless, sitting sitting there just charged with the power of God. He says sin could not walk in Give me a church. Give me 10 men. Jesus had 12. Amen. One was the devil. He had 12. But with those 12 men, they turned the wall upside down. That's what the scripture says. With those 12 men, they turned the word upside down. He says, "Give me 10 10 men, real Jews of God, the royal sea. Put them uh uh put them men together and watch what would take place or give me this little handful of people like that and I will show you a light that the word will run to." That's right. That's what God want us to be. You are a city sitting on a hill. Praise the Lord. Amen. You are a city sitting on the hill. You know that's what happened. Just uh uh uh uh you know uh uh uh when two or three submit themselves to the word, you see the power of God. Praise the Lord. You don't see the emotion of God. It's not the emotion. It's not the the the physical manifestation that we we we turn to be the power of God. It's the thing that brings our tongue under control. The thing that is able to control our temperament. Praise the Lord. That's power. Not when you can lash out, but when you can hold yourself down. That's power. question and answers. Oh brother, give me the church full of the power, fold of the Holy Ghost. God will do in one year what all the the theologies failed to do in 2,000 years. Amen. So we still need to get there because we've been here more than one year. We still need to get there because we've been around this corner more than one year. We're not there yet. Amen. We just we we I mean we we we we praise the Lord. You know where I'm going with the you wait till the anointing of the church really strike home to their faithful little remnant after the doors of the Gentile is closed. Oh God will anoint the church. Then he who is filthy, let him be filthy still. He who righteous, let him be righteous still. And he who is holy, be holy still. God will anoint the church with with the power and things will be taking place. Not only that then, but he's doing it now. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Seek you first the kingdom of heaven. Not by all salvation. Praise the Lord. Not by all salvation. Seek it in you because the kingdom of God is in you. Praise the Lord. And then all other things will be added. Solomon say he that can control his uh his own spirit can rule a city. Praise the Lord. Sometimes you find people, some people that are humble, they are not submissive. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's just that they don't want to talk. And many times it does not mean that if you don't want to talk or sometimes you we take people that talk too much as as arrogant people. Sometime people that talk too much they are just they just talk foolishly if they are not saying the right thing. But sometimes you can find uh uh some of the most quiet people to be very arrogant because they're just looking at you. Say what you want to say. I'm going to do what I want to do. Praise the Lord. Now, Brother Brham said, "Yeah, in humble yourself." Amen. He said, "Yeah, in humble thyself." You know, people want power and really they don't know what power is. We take emotion. We take, you know, the the the physical manifestation, you know, the jumping and the shouting. He says, "We want power." We really don't know what power is. They don't really know what goes with it. The way up is down always. If you want power, see how humble you can get. Just just get away. Just get away from all your wallet thinking. Humble yourself before God. And then you will get more power than the man that runs all over the building and make a big lot of noise. See, because you have been able to conquer yourself and submit yourself to Christ. You have been able to conquer yourself and submit yourself to Christ. Praise the Lord. and commit yourself to Christ. You see uh to humble yourself before him. That's really power. Show me a church that's humble, real humble, not arrogant. Say a church just just sweet, humble church. I will show you a church that has the favor and power of God in it. That's the thing to take humility humbling ourself before God letting God just work through us. Don't have to make a lot of noise about it. Don't have to make a lot of noise. Are we together? So you see he he that's that's the position of the church. He bring us all that was in God he pour into Christ. Jesus said all power in heaven and earth is given to me and then all that was in Christ he pour into the church. Why is called equaless? Praise the Lord. He never kept a little bit of power behind to feel more powerful than the church because he knows the church will be in his absence. So whatsoever you need, God got it. Praise the Lord. Whatsoever we need, God got it. Are we together? Amen. That's the secret of the church. Submissiveness is is a it's a secret power. It's a virtue. Praise the Lord. It's a virtue. But uh uh it's it's being misunderstood and people think it means weakness and they think that uh you know uh it means to be inferior. That's the reason why the scripture will says wife submit yourself to your husband because God put it in her. It's there. Now she has to discover it. She has to get the key how to use it. Praise the Lord. Or else she will always think that uh is an inferior place. She will not she will not see the benefit that is in it. And that is the same thing with the church. That's the reason why the church is always coming up with new program. Let's do this. So the church let's let's go on 21 day fast, dry fast and we can make all of this program. But yet we are not submitting to the word. We're just going on hunger strike. And right after the hunger strike, everybody go back into what they want to do. And then they are fussing year and argument year and all the homes is out of order. And then the next morning again every month the last uh uh weekend every morning is the church fast and prayer. Church let's come together let's fast and pray. We keep fasting and praying. We keep fasting and praying but we don't have the power. Why? Because we're not submitting to the word. We are trying to work our way to power. Praise the Lord. The angel told that prophet, "If you will be sincere, nothing will stand before your prayer." Praise the Lord. Amen. and and and and and you know uh uh uh in sincerity it takes a lot of submission. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. It takes a lot of submission because uh uh we we we have the tendency proud is a is a sense of the fall. We have the tendency to want to protect our image. We have the tendency. So in protecting our image sometime we change the story we we try to dress it up so we can look like we you know uh no I mean some uh uh I mean sincere we must be sincere. So it takes the power of submission. That is the secret weapon that the church has. Prayer is the most powerful weapon, but but submission is a secret weapon. It's a secret explosion that the church has. So that virtue that is given to the church, you have to remember now she's giving her virtue for redemption. This will all men know that you are my disciples. She's giving a virtue for redemption. Are we together? Think about uh uh this keep flashing my mind. I was listening to something today so it just can't get get away from my mind. Think about uh uh uh uh uh David's wife, Saul's daughter. And uh uh she felt embarrassed because David was dancing and she just couldn't hold herself. Praise the Lord. She just felt like I need I need to tell him a piece of my mind. You know, this is not the attitude of a king. and she kind of lost it completely. God was not happy with her. Praise the Lord. It's a secret weapon to the church. So as we as we think about possessing our vessel or possessing uh uh uh uh you know uh um heavenly treasure in the eft vessel we got to think about this also you know that God God designed it that way. That's the way he want the church to move before him. Dearly submitting ourself to the word. Praise the Lord. Dearly submitting our our our weaknesses and submitting our desires, submitting our plans, submitting everything that we are. Praise the Lord. How did how the Esther came to power? Praise the Lord. How did she came to power? Yes. A Hebrew girl wanting to be a gentile queen. I mean, she could quote all the Torah to them according to the Torah. No, this is this we can't do in the Torah. This they will just kick her out of the palace. But Malachi counseled her and told her, "Submit yourself to everything that you are asked to do. By submission, she came to the throne." Praise the Lord. Amen. And this church can only rise by submission. Unless we are submitting to the word. I mean uh uh uh we will keep we will keep struggling to manage it. We keep struggling to manage ourself, manage our faith, manage our finance, manage our health. And we all have become managers. But when we submit to the word, that's our freedom. When the Bible says where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. We abuse the liberty when we when we want to do what we think that uh we must do. No, we must submit to the word. We must submit to the order of the church. We must submit to what the scripture says. Are we together? You see, that is the place where where Pentecost got it wrong because they thought they had the gift of the spirit and because the gift was manifesting, it was just all over the place. Whatever the preacher is preaching, they are speaking in tongues and somebody is prophesying and all of that. But there was there is an order. Paul put an order. The prophet of the the the spirit of the prophet is subject to the prophet and that is the place also where you we see that we have not grown enough. Why? Because it's only children when the parents are talking they are interrupting. It's a sign that maturity has not come yet. But when maturity comes in, everybody wait for their time. So when the age came to its fullness, God sent a prophet to put the church in order that all the gifts must wait for their time because the church has come to fullness. We are no longer children where you know someone is talking and the other person is talking there. I mean as children do that you have to bear with them you know that they are kids sometimes it gets irritating and we have to let them know hey we are you know we are talking something here keep quiet but that's childishness but the church in this power thinking that uh you know they they have found favor with God they are manifesting the gifts But because they were not submitting to the word, because they were not submitting to the order of the word, they lost that place with God. Are we together? So seek ye first the kingdom of God and this righteousness and every other thing will be added. Every other thing. So seek you first the kingdom of God. We want the kingdom of God and we want everything that comes with the kingdom. All of his benefits. The way to get it is to submit to the principle of the kingdom. submit to the laws of the kingdom for us to get the benefit for us to enjoy the benefit. Are you are you are you with me tonight? Amen. So it's a it's a privilege. It's a privilege. I know many times you I mean you you hear that and but you know and then we you know uh uh uh you hear people say uh uh uh uh you know uh uh this person have to earn my submissiveness is it's is it's also a sign of lack of revelation because that's your power. It's your power that you have. You don't have to play it h uh you know as as a card to win. No, it's your power you have. When the church goes into submission, the angels are on guide. The power of God is around them to bring to pass what they want. Praise the Lord. Modi sent word to Esther and says, "What are you doing there? You know, your people are going to die and uh uh it was not her time to go before the king." But she submitted herself. If I die, let me die. That's what she said. She said, "Pray for me. I will be praying and I will go and submit myself to the king. If I die, let me die. And because she submitted herself to the council of Malachi, which was a righteous counsel, the angel of the Lord went on her behalf. When the king saw her, he never thought about the calendar. He never thought about the time of the day. Oh, it is not a time for you to come. He said, "What can I give you today?" half of my kingdom. Praise the Lord. That the the the the power of uh of of of uh uh the secret weapon of the church is submission. But sometimes we want to figure it out what is going to be the result. So I will do this and when I do this then this will happen. Sometimes the battery in our calculator is dull. Whatever battery we using is not working. It giving you the wrong number. Praise the Lord. Your calculator battery is dead. Throw it through the window. Amen. Stop calculating. Submit to the word and let God go on your behalf. If we want angels to fight our battle, let's submit to the word. Let's submit to the word. That's all you have to do. when when when you have a situation you are overwhelming instead of worrying and thinking how I would do it just submit to the word just submit to the word just start loving him more just start praising him more I appreciate you Lord and you get yourself out of that thought of worry because as long as that thought of worry is bogging your mind you are not submitting you and not submitting. It's a it's a place of complete surrender. It's a place of total abandon. You you just you abandon yourself. Like the Bible says cast your cares. It didn't say lay your tears down. It say cast it. Throw it. That's the power of the church to submit. Are we together? The Lord bless you. Musicians, you can come. Let's just uh take these few thoughts to the Lord in prayer. We trust and see how the Holy Ghost will help us. Amen. And uh let's bow our heads tonight. I don't know for what reason, but I just believe that maybe it was uh it was uh you know the grace of God. I was so out of fate on Sunday. I was so tired. I felt I felt exhausted and I think uh uh it was just uh Are you playing trust and obey? Yes. Let's just sing that. Let's sing that before we go to the Lord in prayer. Walk with the Lord in the light of his word. Oh, what a glory he shares on our way. Oh, why we do it good way here by way still. Yeah. And with all hope, we'll trust and oy. Let's sing that together tonight. Yes. Trust. No other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and hope. Oh yes, I say trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and hope. Let's sing the next verse. Not a shadow can ride, not a cloud in the sky, but his mind quickly drawing away. Oh, not a doubt, nor a fear, not a sign or a tear and by we trust and hope. Let's sing it together now. trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust him. Oh yes, I say trust and obey for there's no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and let's sing the next verse now. Not a burden we bear. Out of sorrow we share but our to richly retain. Not a grief. Oh not a grief not a loss, not a frown or a cross. God is blessed if we trust and move. Oh, I say trust and know me. There is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust him. Oh, what don't we trust and obey? For there is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and oy that's our secret weapon that's our secret weapon but Abraham said give me 10 men if we can just you know Abra Abraham was saying, "Is there five? Is there four? Is there three?" If God can just find the number that would just submit himself to his word and dedicate himself to the cause of the gospel for the the the the the cause of why we are here, the cause of this church. If if God can just give us a say two, they say three, they say four, they say [Music] five say in one year we will be able to turn do what the theologians couldn't do. If he can just be able to get us submitting yourself one unto another, submitting yourself unto the [Music] Lord. Submission is not a weakness. It's not a place of in of it's not an inferior position. It's a place of power. It's a place of freedom. Let's bow our heads [Music] tonight. Yes. As we walk with the Lord in the light of his word, what the glory he will share on our way. Help we do what he by still. And with all who will trust and oy, teach me to trust and oy for there's no other way. I will be happy in Jesus. I need to trust you and obey. Lord, I want to trust and oy for there is no other way. I will be happy in Jesus but to trust and oh God I want to trust you. Obey your word for there is no other way to be happy in Jesus but to trust and walk. Teach me to trust you and obey you. There's no other way to be happy in Jesus. Got to trust and obey. Let's just give thanks to the Lord tonight. Just thank him and uh just commit oursel in his hands and ask his blessing. Father, we just want to thank you tonight, oh God. We just appreciate you, Lord. Oh father God for another Wednesday night we can come Lord God on Lord Jesus the simplicity oh God father of fellowship around your word oh dear God father we your word Lord the preaching of your word Lord oh father God we have we just cast a net Lord Father we just oh God throw a line oh God we want another pull Lord we want a closer walk oh God we want oh Father Lord Lord God to come to that place Lord. Oh father to be a submissive bride. Oh precious Lord God I ask oh God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Precious Lord you prophesied the woman have a special place Lord. Oh God father it's a place of power. It's a place of authority Lord Gap. But she needed to be guided. She needed, oh Lord, to be guided, instructed in that place. And Father, that's the place of the church. Lord God, so much power, Lord. All that was in Christ, he poured into the church, Lord. We have all power in heaven given to us. Oh God, Father. But yet, Lord, Father, sometimes it seem like we so defeated. Sometimes, oh God, we still, oh God, so fearful, Lord, so struggling. Oh God, father, Lord Jesus, oh doubtful, oh God, father, Lord, we all in this. Oh God, Father, these channels, oh Lord, God, but Father, we want to just submit, Lord, we just want to submit. Oh God, Father, Lord, oh precious Lord, bring us to that place, oh God. Yes, oh Father, Lord. Yes, oh God. Yes, oh Jesus. That's where we are tonight. Father, help us. Lord, tonight, help us, oh God. Help us, oh father. Our mind has been so abused. Oh God. Father, Lord, God, being so abused of what power is. Oh God, we we become so afraid to submit ourself. We become so afraid. Oh God, Father, Lord, thinking that we're going to lose everything. Lord thinking that Lord God, Father, oh God, we will be corrupt. Oh Lord Jesus, but oh father realizing it is you is to your word, oh God, is to your person, oh father, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh help us tonight, Father. Yes, Lord Jesus. Just concentrating on you, worshiping you, Father, submitting ourself to you, Lord. That's what we want to come and do. Precious Lord, sometimes we we we we think when there is no emotion and and and and and dancing and running around, we are losing something, Lord. Sometime we just we just need Lord. father to concentrate on you. Sometimes we just need oh God. [Music] Father, we want to bring every stronghold, every stronghold, Father God, every strong imagination, Lord, every spirit, oh God, Father, that is keeping, Lord God, your people bound and keeping them arrested, Lord, Father God, just keeping them, Lord, in a place, oh God, Father, of stubbornness, Lord, that they can't let go. They can just surrender to you Lord. Oh father, sometimes oh God is it just becomes so difficult Lord Father for us to surrender our habits oh God and surrender Lord Jesus oh God father our personalities oh God lord and just oh precious Lord that if we can just realize that father God we are entering into the kingdom when we submit ourself oh father we are entering into the kingdom and lord god everything that the kingdom has will become hours, Lord. Oh, Father, I pray. Oh God, what a place of privilege, Lord. What a place of opportunity, oh God. What a place of power, Father. Lord God, oh Jesus, we have the angels, Lord Father, on our behalf, oh God. Father, to war against every spirit, Lord God, to war against, Lord, every power, oh Lord God, to war against, Lord Jesus, everything, Lord God, that is coming against your people. Oh father, we thank you tonight. Yes Lord Father, we want to come down from all our imagination. Come down from our thoughts. Submit them to you. We want to come down Lord Father. I want to bring everything down to you Lord because if we are not submitting ourself, if we are not in submission to your word, we'll be taking a place of supremacist. We'll be taking a place, oh God, Father, Lord, of trying to exalt ourself in our mind. Exalt why we can't do this, why we can do that. But we just want to submit oursel to you tonight. We love you tonight. We give it to you, precious Lord. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Father, we ask your blessings now to come and go with us. Lord, as we head home tonight, Lord, we pray that you carry your children home safely. Father, we just ask, Lord, you bless the day, tomorrow, Lord. G may be going to work tomorrow. Some might be working tonight. We pray that you be with them, Father. Lord, we also ask that God your blessings, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God will just be Lord God with all of your children tomorrow, Father. Remember, Lord God, that uh Sister Richard has having her graduation coming. We ask that you be with them, Lord. Father God, and and we just ask, Lord, Father, until we meet yet again on Sunday morning, keep us, Lord. Keep each and every one of us, oh Father. Lord, rebuke the enemy from the dwellings of your people, oh Father God. You are the one that fight our battle, Lord. We just love that. We just love that to rejoice in the victory. And father, Lord, we realize, oh God, when we submit oursel to your word, you will take charge tonight. We thank you. We appreciate you, Father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you tonight. Let's let's sing the chorus. Uh uh [Music] uh and uh uh humble yourself. Uh he will lift you up. Humble yourself before to the Lord. He will lift you up. Humble yourself before the Lord. He will lift you up and he will lift you up. Oh, he will lift you up. Oh, we move the Lord God. Oh, hallelujah. Just humble yourself before the Lord God you humble yourself before the Lord. He will let you. Oh, he will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. Oh yes and humble yourself before the Lord God. He will you have to do humble yourself. Behold the Lord God. He will lift you. Oh yes. Come to yourself. Be full of God. He will lift you. Oh Christ will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. Oh, humble yourself before the Lord God and he glory. Oh, hallelujah. Just humble yourself before the Lord [Music] God. Oh, hallelujah. Just himself before the Lord. He will. Oh, he will lift you up. He will lift you up. Hallelujah. He will lift you up. Oh yeah. Humble yourself before the Lord God. He will. Oh hallelujah. Humble yourself before the Lord God and he will in you. Oh, he will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. He will lift you up. Oh yeah. before the Lord God. He will.
