################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - July 06, 2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - The Birth Cry of the Church - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   July 06, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Birth Cry of the Church
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkfTHzaymeU
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard the voice and it hold the love to me. But I long to rise in the hands of you and be closer draw to thee. Draw me mirror near a blessed heart through the cross where thou hast died near us a blessed Lord to thy preious ious bleed inside. Secret me now to thy service Lord by the power of grace divine and my soul looked up with the sous hope and my will be lost died. Draw me nerve to thy cross. Thou hast died. from Nero [Music] blessed Lord to the preious [Music] side. Oh, the pure delight of a single love that before thy tr [Music] when I leave with thee my god I commune as friends with thee. Dr. Dar blessed Lord to the cross. Thou house from me [Music] a blessed Lord to thy preious leading side. Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Thank you, Lord. Praise be to Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and rise. Just turn to somebody and say, "God bless you this morning." It's always a joy and a blessing when we come before throne of grace this morning. We have um um few prayer requests and announcement here this morning. I would want to meet with those who clean the church after service. That is from brother Steven Cassidy. Um those who cleaning the church can meet with brother Cassidy this after church. And we have a prayer request here. This is from sister Naomi. My dear brother Joel is back in the hospital. Let's pray for sister Naomi's brother. Brother Joel. All right. Have another one here. Pray a request. One of my daddy, we call him our second daddy. He has been very sick. He had a surgery performed on his back, but he developed sepsis and has been in and out of um consciousness. He's also having some other complication. I would appreciate the church to join us in faith for his healing and full recovery in Jesus' name. He is a pastor uh TF Ulu Olui pastor uh at Beta Tabernacle Acura Nigeria. I hope I pronounced that good. That is from sister Joy E. God bless you. All right. Uh we'll call on brother Steven Cassidy to pray for those prayer requests this morning. God bless you, brother Heavenly Father, thank you Lord for this day. Lord God, we just Father appreciate you so much. And Lord, we just thank you, Father, that we were able to come and be here. And Lord God, we know it's by your grace Lord God, you called us, Lord God, and you've drawn us. And Lord God, you've placed us here. You've brought us here today. And Lord God, we just look forward, Father, to Lord God, what you have for us today. Lord God, it's not what we have for you. It's what you have for us. And I just pray, Lord God, you just help us, Lord. Help us, Lord God, to enter into your presence. Help us, Lord God, to receive from you. Lord God, even when your word is spoken, Lord God, when your word is spoken this day, I just pray, Lord God, that we could hear beyond the words that are spoken, Lord God, that we may be able to hear your heart, oh God, let us hear your heart. Let us hear from you. And Lord, just draw us closer. Draw us closer into your presence and just bless us. We pray. Father, I just pray, Lord God, for these ones that need a touch from you. I pray, Lord God, for brother Joel. Lord Jesus, you know, Lord God, what he needs. And I just pray Lord God, you touch him and you heal him in Jesus' name, Lord God, just give him strength. Encourage his heart, Lord God, and just lift him up, Father, we pray. And I pray, Lord God, for this pastor, Lord God, that needs a touch from you, Lord God. This pastor that has sepsis, Lord God, that is a terrible thing to experience, Lord God, to have the to have that in your body, Lord God, to have infection throughout your body. Lord God, I just pray in the name of Jesus, we stand against that in Jesus' name. Lord God, we want to stand with his family. We want to stand with these ones, Lord God, that are believing and trusting you. Lord God, we stand with them. And in Jesus name, Lord God, we're believing, Father, for his healing, oh God, bring healing to his body, Lord God, bless him, I pray, Father, we just thank you. We praise you for these things, Lord God. We just thank you for this day. Just ask your blessing upon this day, Lord God. Where would we be without you? Oh God, where would we be, Lord God? But we are not without you. And we're so thankful for that, Lord God, that you called us. We're thank so thankful, Lord God, that you chose us. We're so thankful, Lord God. Oh God, we're so thankful, Lord God, that we are part of you. We're part of your word, oh God. We praise you. We thank you. We ask this in Jesus name. Amen. Together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Happy to be here this morning. Shout glory this morning. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of God? Just clap your hands this morning for the King of Kings and Lord of Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. By and by, when the morning comes, when all the sins of God are guarding homes, we will we tell the story how we overcome. All beyond dust any better by and by. By and by. When the Lord comes. When all the things of God are gringo. We will tell the story how we overcome. For we understand each other by and by. We are often forced to remain on the restless sea of time. Oh my and how tempered of succeed bright sun and shine in the land of hic day. When the mister fall, we we understand it by [Music] and when the morning when all the are the story [Music] beyond the standing that am I am. I am [Music] with all the sat. [Music] [Music] [Music] One for food and one for shelter. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. [Music] the test for me by when all the We will tell the story how we [Music] are my and my [Music] all the sins of God are ready for the Glory how we overcome for we understand it better by and by. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Definitely we understand it by and by. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and seat. We have a special here from the kids this morning. Um Ariel Grace and Antonet. You guys can come up. [Music] [Music] God bless you. Um, this is a song we heard at camp and we thought it would be a blessing to you all. [Music] Sometimes I wonder is he faithful? Does he see me in my trouble? Does he understand? Sometimes I question, is he aable? Can he resue? How can he save me again and again? But when I look back, did he move every mountain? Did he part every sea? Yes, he did. So yes, he can. Oh, did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. Oh yes he can. Yes he did. So yes he can. Cuz sometimes those voices try to tell me I'm forgotten and I'm falling too far from his head. But I know what kind of God he is. And I'm trusting in his promises. I'm believing and I'm singing. Yes. He can. Did he move every mountain? Did he part every sea? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Oh, did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Cuz I've seen too much. Now I can't deny. He's come through every single time. From the beginning until the end he did. He well he can. Did he move every mountain? Did he part every sea? Yes, he did. So yes, he can. Oh, did he defeat the darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So yes, he can. Yes, he did. So yes, he can. Cuz sometime those voices try to tell me I'm forgotten and I'm falling too far from his hands. But I know what kind of God he is and I'm trusting in his promises. I'm believing and I'm singing. Yes, he can. Did he move every mountain? Did he part every sea? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Oh, did he defeat my darkness? Did he deliver me? Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. Yes, he did. So, yes, he can. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. That was a wonderful performance. Amen. Hallelujah. God be the glory. Amen. All right. So, we ask the deacons to go ahead and pick up the offering as we continue with the song service. Let's go ahead and rise as we continue with the song this morning. When upon life below you are tempest when you are discovered thinking all these flaws. Count your many blessings. name them one by one and we just praise you what the Lord has done. Count your blessings one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. Are you ever with the Lord of G? For the cross is heavy. You are called to bear. Don't show the blessings every singing as the day go by. Count your blessings. Hallelujah. [Music] Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Send them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Count your blessings the one by one. Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings and them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has. When you look at all that you keep in the praise the promises you were also count your many blessings morning high your reward in heaven or your home on high your blessing them one by one your blessing You see my son count your blessings by one by one. Oh, I mean the complete when the grace of God will not be desperate. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Count your blessings with them one by one. Count your many blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. [Music] Count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Let them one by one. Count your many blessings. See where God has done. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. We are blessed people. Put your hands together for Jesus this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in his heart of high. God is good all the time. Through the darkness time his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. If you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. You will not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you or forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song off of praise in his heart of mine. God is good all the time through that darkness. His light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. [Music] We were sinners and so unworthy for us he choose to die. We lost with his holy spirit. How we can justify all that is love is neverlasting and his mercy and will never end. God is good all the time before the song of gra. [Music] God is good all the time through the darkness. His life will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good [Music] all the time. If you're walking through the valley, there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Oh, he has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. His fullness of praise. It is of life. God is good all the time through the darkest night is my wishes. God is good. Oh, God is good. All the time. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. God is good all the time and all of the time. God is good. Believe you shout glory this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. All right, I think we Let's sing this song as we change the order of service this morning. Above all powers, above all kings, above all nations created the above all ways the in ways. Amen. You were here before the world. Above all kinds, above all, above all wonderers the world has ever known. Above all and trees all the earth nowhere to measure your wordify [Music] behind the stone you to die. Rejected and alone like a rose treble on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all crucified. Leave behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected the Lord like a rose treble on the ground. You took the fall. You thought of me all. Above all power, above all kings, above all nature, and all created things, above all, and all the ways of men, You were here before the war began. Above all kingoms, above all, above all wonders, the one has ever known. Above all wealth and trees on the earth, there is no way to measure what your worldified, [Music] lay behind the stone. You need to die. Rejected and alone like a rose tra. [Music] You told the fall and you thought of me ever for crucified. Oh, he was crucified. Laid beyond the storm. You lay and you die. rejected and alone like a rose triangle on the ground. You told the fall and of [Music] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat for the wine. We want to greet the visiting brother uh Jonathan that is visiting with us. God bless you. Good to have you. And uh you are welcome. We want to remind ourself uh against the the night of the 18 we will have a all night service and uh commemorating our church anniversary since it fall on the Friday night thinking what to do and I think that uh maybe we can have a allnight service that Friday if any change we'll let you know but let's uh let's plan towards that. Let's pray and towards them. Praise the Lord. Amen. Again, we want to welcome our young people back from uh uh BYC and uh we thank the Lord for granting them a safe travel and uh blessing them all through the weekend and having them back with us. That's that's wonderful. Praise the Lord. And uh uh those that were not able to go, you can plan towards next year or if there is any other camp coming up that we know about, we will we will let you know. Praise the Lord. But I think uh it was wonderful for the young ones. And uh thank you, brother Ariel, for going to pick them up. He gave them uh a tour to Jeffersonville. So they were able to visit Brandham Tabernacle, the Ohio River and uh uh some other places there and I think it was a blessing. Praise the Lord. So we want to thank the Lord for that and uh uh uh just uh thank the Lord for everything that his grace is uh is doing doing in our life and doing in our midst. Praise the Lord. and uh uh let's stand on our feet. I think uh that's all I had uh for for an announcement. Let's uh let's sing this uh uh song. Uh we normally sing uh the church is marching on and uh the gates of hell shall not prevail. Last last week uh I made a very poor uh preaching of uh what what I had on my heart to speak on. So uh I will I will do a second I'll do a second uh adventure on it this morning. and uh uh [Music] so well yeah let's let's try there the church is marshing on let's if you put put the verse upon the rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. [Music] Upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not reveal. Upon the rug I will build my church. The church is my sh. The church is my sh. [Music] The church is my shield. Oh yes. And the gates of hell shall I prevail. The church is passing on. Upon the rock, upon the rock I will build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail. And on this rock I will build my church. The church is my shade on. Oh, the church is my shield on. The church is my sh and the gates of hell. Shall I prevail? The church is passing on. Oh yes, the church is passing on. For the churches, all the gates of hell shall I prevail. The church is flashing on. And from the rock I will build my turn, and the kiss of hell shall not reveal. And from this rock I will build my church. The church is my sh. Oh God is my sh. The church is my sh. Oh the g of hell shall not preail. The church is my shield on. Oh, the church is my shield and the church is my shield. Oh, the kiss of hell. Could I preail the truth is my just down? [Music] have won the road. I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not I will build my church. Oh, this church is my sh. Oh, the church is my sh and the church is my sh. Oh, the gates of hell shall thy prevail. The church is flashing. Oh. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what Jesus promised. That the gifts of hell would not prevail. Amen. It's a promise. He said, "I will build my church." And we can count on that. Amen. Let's bow our heads together this morning. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we come just Lord to honor you this morning, this resurrection morning, Father, to bring worship and praise to you for all your goodness, your loving kindness, your your tender mercy, oh Father, in all the many million ways you have been good to us. We just thank you, Father. Blessed be your name, oh God. this morning as we about to approach your word, we want to pray that God, you will humble our hearts, Lord. Oh, Father God, that we will be able to receive from you. Almighty God, Lord, you that took on flesh, Lord Jesus, got to the ground, Lord, Father, and washed the disciples feet. We pray, Lord, wash our feet this morning, Lord. Oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, we ask that Lord, Father, we will have entrance into your presence this morning. No doubt, oh Father God, we have many questions, Lord. No doubt, oh Father God, we have many needs. Oh Lord Jesus, oh but God, we come to you this morning, the author of eternal life. We pray that Father God, let something be said this morning, Lord God. Oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, that will speak to us directly. That's what we want. Oh, Father God, say something out of your word this morning, Father God, that we assure our joy, Lord, Father. Oh, we commit ourself in your hands. And again, Lord, Father, we lift this little uh uh assembly to you, Father. And our prayer, oh God, that Lord Jesus, you will meet our every need. You know, Father, as a church, we are a need of people. We are a needed people, oh God. We pray that, Father, take off our weaknesses, oh Lord God, and and uh minister, Father, to our weaknesses. Heal the sick in our midst, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, Lord Jesus, oh God, Father, rebuke the enemy from the dwelling of your people. And Father God, as we sang this morning, that's our confession, Lord. the gates of hell shall not prevail. Oh God, Father, we thank you Lord, we praise your holy name. Bless us now and bless your word in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you musicians. And uh praise the Lord. Let's take our Bibles. Let's take our Bibles. Sorry I told you to have your seat when I should have read and have you sit down. Sorry for having you to stand again, but let's take our Bibles and and uh and we will read Psalm 22. Last Sunday we preached from Psalm 22 showing the church in prophecy. Today I want to speak on the birth cry of the church. The birth cry of the church. Praise the Lord. The birth cry of the church. Psalm chapter 22. Let's just read uh uh verse one and verse two. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Why art thou so far from helping me and from the words of mine rolling? Oh my God, I cry in the daytime, but thou hearth not and in the night season and I'm not silent. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Amen. in the message uh my new ministry brother said this and I I want to I want to uh start off uh like this. Look at David in Psalm 22 crying, "My God, my God, why have thou forsaken me?" Not David. It was Christ 800 years later. All my bones stir at me. Uh uh uh they struck my my my lips. stuck out my lips their lips at me. The the wig of their head said he saved others but himself he cannot save. David speaking that as if it was himself but it was the spirit of God in him. Christ speaking forth. Oh God be praised. Moving into his church in the the fullness of his power, moving among his people, spreading out his great wings of mercy. May he be praised. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now we we we titled this the birth cry of the church. Uh and and what we want to look at is uh uh uh looking at this promise that God promises people. I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. Amen. That is something that we quote all the time. He said, I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. And uh and most of the time, you know, we will we will quote that as Jesus, you know, statement to the church. Uh Jesus said it to the church. But in the way that we quote it, it was the way that Paul said it to to to the saints uh in the book of Hebrew. And that's what I want us to look at. That's where I want for us to start this morning in Hebrew chapter 13. Let's go to Hebrew chapter 13. We will start off from there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hebrews chapter 13. Hebrews chapter 13, let's read uh uh from verse one. Hebrews chapter 13. Let brotherly love continue. Be not forgetful to entertain strangers, for thereby some have entertained angels on the way. Remember them that are imbalance as bound with them and them we suffer adversity as being ourself also in the body. Praise the Lord. Just remembering that uh just reading this it kind of bring bring to my mind uh uh that we can uh remember uh some family over in Texas. some of you that uh were able to pick that on your news feed on your phone and uh and these kids were out there uh camping by boys camp and girls camp and uh the banks of the water overflowed and and many of the young people got caught up in debt and some have lost their lives. So uh as uh Paul remind us to remember them and uh that are in bounds to also remember them that are hurting this morning. Amen. And uh let's just pray. Heavenly Father, uh I had that on my heart this morning. Oh God, I will mention it and we can live for prayers to you for the many families, Lord, that are hurting. Oh God, they left home and uh for a retreat, a camp, whatever it was, Lord, Father, and oh God, Lord Jesus, sad enough, Lord, Father, Gordon to the situation. We just want to pray Lord that's the least that we can do is to identify our hearts with their pains. We pray that God you will comfort them in Jesus name. Amen. We continue to read marriage is honorable in all and the bed undefied but all mongers and idolattors God will judge. Let your conversation be without covertiousness, and be content with such things as ye have, for he have said. For he hath said, I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee. Now, when Paul says this, he picked this up as a promise from Genesis. I want us to trace it a little bit. Genesis chapter 28 verse1 15. This was Jacob. Uh uh God dealing with Jacob uh uh when he met the angel uh the the the vision or the dream that he had Jacob lads Genesis 28 the Bible says here in verse 13 let's read and behold the Lord stood above it above the ladder and said I am the Lord God of Abraham the Father, the the God of Isaac, the land where unto thou uh that Lar to thee will I give it and to thy seed, and thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shall spread abroad, to the west, and to the east, and to the north, and to the south, and in thee and in thy seed shall all the family of the earth be blessed. the same promise given to Abraham going down to his seed. Now in verse 15, he says, "And behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places where thou goest." Amen. And I will bring thee again into this land, for I will not leave thee until I have done that which I have spoken of thee. Praise the Lord. So when when uh uh uh Paul make this statement and and it's it's all true all through the scripture you find God promising Israel uh Deuteronomy chapter 31:6 be strong and and and of good courage fear not uh not be afraid of them for the Lord thy God he he it is that does go with thee I will not fail thee nor forsake take thee. Praise the Lord. Uh uh 1st Samuel chapter 12 um verse 22. For the Lord will not forsake his people for his great names sake because it has pleased the Lord to make you his people. Now I was reading there and then uh uh in my mind I'm thinking here is David here and you look through the scripture you will see many of God's people and many of us every one of us one way or or the other have been associated with this feeling of being alone or being forsaken or uh uh uh you know uh going too much then we can bear praise Praise the Lord. I hope we we enjoyed the service with brother Dilly on uh on on Wednesday night. Amen. Uh uh teaching us a lesson there from Job. I I think that was beautiful. Praise the Lord. And uh uh uh and and there was something also that uh uh came out in the studies there and I was thinking again I say is what I hope the people grab it. If you if you watch Job chapter one uh uh when the messengers came onto Job, it was four times. Praise the Lord. If you remember the principle of restoration that we spoke about, you know, whenever you see those those principle or patterns playing out in God's word, it it gave you a signal that there will be a restoration. Okay. Four times the messenger came and told Job, "Your cattle has been killed, your house is burned, your children is dead." And uh and what? So you can take it right into Jo a prophecy. The kanga wound, the palmer wound, the caterpillar, the locust, but God said, "I will restore." Amen. Saying, and the Bible re said God restored Job everything that he lost and even more that he had. So that principle run through all the word of God. You can see it all over the place. Praise the Lord. But uh uh uh uh we we we we find ourself in this place. Why have thou forsaken me? Like brother Del, why me Lord? You know, why is this happening to me? Why why is that so common uh uh for God's people to experience that when we have all of these promises right here? Then God saying, "I will never leave you. I will never forsake you. Praise the Lord. That's what we want to look at this morning and and uh and and believing that God will be able to help us. Amen. So last week when we talked about this, we brought it out of uh Psalm chapter 22 and trying to show how uh uh David on a prophecy was uh was making a prophecy of the church because it's there in Psalm 22 that he said, "I will I will declare that name unto my brethren." Amen. In the midst of the congregation. But when Jesus came, he he he talked that uh uh in in John chapter 17, he says, "Those that you have given me before the word began, I have declared my name unto them." And uh and we said uh last week, Jesus was the first person to use the word church. He said, "I will build my church." The first time the word church was used in scripture, it was used by our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise the Lord. And we know that the church is a mystical body. Amen. This is just a group uh of of the church. But the church is a mystical body made out of uh uh uh different race, different ethnicity, different people, tongues and nation from all over the world. Amen. And uh uh uh and and Paul let us know that it is by one spirit we are baptized into that mystical body. Amen. is not by uh having the membership of good shepherd or choosing good shepherd at your church. No, it's by one spirit. And that spirit is the spirit of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. I rather be in that mystical body than to be your pastor of Good Sheeperd Church. I mean, that's not just a true saying this morning. I'd rather be in that mystical body. I rather be uh uh part of that body than to be a you know part of uh uh good shepherd and good shepherd is part of the body but uh good sheeperd is not just you know the full definition of the church of god this is just a place that we have choose together so we see that uh it's a mystical body and uh and and and and we see also that god what we were trying to bring to you last week that god purpose of the church why Jesus Jesus said, "I will be my church." And you know, and and that has, you know, that has become uh uh uh you know uh uh uh a statement that I use all the time, you know, is Jesus that said I will be my church and I can trust in that that he is going to have a church without spot or wrinkle. Amen. If he if he have left it to me to do it, I mean it would be a failure. Amen. we is it's not going to work because I don't have the ability to do it. But he said he will be his church. Amen. And if he and if he's going to do it, we know that he's more than able. He's going to do it in a way that is going to please him, that is going to line up with his word. So uh uh but as we look at as we were looking last week to be able to look at the purpose of the church, we realize from the book of uh uh Hebrew that Paul was uh uh making us to see that uh uh how he took on flesh and then uh uh he identified himself with us and called us his brethrens by which he decided to declare his name to us and uh and and Paul will go on to tell the the the believers in Hebrew. That's the reason why we must not forsake the assembly because God has a purpose. Praise the Lord. God has a purpose. And just like I said, when God started dealing with the church in the wilderness, the Bible called Moses and his people the church in the wilderness, God kept them, you know, in in in a community sense. He kept them together. They were in the land of Gian. They travel uh uh uh through the wilderness together. He brought them over to the promised land together, you know. Uh so that was a a a type. It was a sign that the purpose of of the church of God is for God to be able to uh uh create his own community. Praise the Lord. Amen. His own community. Now you have to remember when uh Isaiah prophesied about the Ma says uh uh the government will be upon his shoulder. That's what he said. Amen. He will be the uh the uh uh uh Emmanuel and the government will be his shoulder. So that means that uh uh uh you know God was coming among his people to be able to govern them. So the church of the living God by one spirit when we are baptized into this body we actually comes into God community. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh and and and and the thing that that that that keep us in relation that keep us in relation in our community. The thing that keep us is the word of God. Praise the Lord. The word keep us in our community. The word govern our community. Praise the Lord. Amen. So uh uh uh we see that uh you know God is uh is faithful in what he's doing you know uh uh we can we can trust him. Let's let's just read some few things here that uh that is that is going to help us a little bit look at lifting up lifting you up out of history. Let's let's just read here in uh uh let's take church life. There is where it all begins. Church life is running out. The people just take the church today almost for an adult like a toting pole. Go sit uh in church five meetings and I have done my religion. pay in your little contribution, whatever it is to pay the pastor and and they don't make that up. They have a little uh supper and uh and and make up to the pastor and if he isn't satisfied, he haul off somewhere else that uh will give him a better wages. seem like the pastor is not divinely called anymore. Just seem like it's being is beginning to be a me ticket to be a pastor that the people wherever offer him the most money that where he goes. It shouldn't be that way. It should be that a man was called of God to a community. Praise the Lord. When a man was called of God, he was called of God to a community. Praise the Lord. Amen. And uh in one sense, the church stands as a lighthouse. Jesus says you are a candle that is on the hill that I mean that is to the community. But what is the community that the man is called to to the people that are gathered by the word? Are we together? Amen. To the people that are gathered by the word. So it is not just a career. It is not just that he's employed but he's called to this community to become part of the community to govern the community by the word of God. Are we together? Now I will tell you why I'm I'm going in this direction and the reason is because there are some of the things uh kind of influence our uh us uh encouraging these young people to go out and I think uh we need to do more of it is because uh just like I said if you realize we don't have a big community of people that share the same value. Amen. We don't have a big community of that. And uh and and and and being a young church, we having uh new couples, we having children being born, we having teenagers, we having young adults. And and uh and you know, if if you don't have a community of the same value, pretty soon your your your children are going to be sneaking out. They are going to be wanting to associate because we are social creature. We have to associate. Praise the Lord. And the thing that happens in community is that uh we we communicate in community. We challenge one another or we encourage one another in community. Amen. As we as we hold up our same our same value. Praise the Lord. And uh uh uh uh so uh like like all of these youth camp and you know and and and conventions and all of these things they are beautiful because you go among people that have the same value. Amen. And then pretty soon you start beginning to appreciate what you have in your little group in your home you know and and the effort you are making to instruct your family according to the word of God. you starts to appreciate it and even your children starts to appreciate you know uh all the instruction you are giving him. Why? Because they have seen people of the same value. They have seen people that holds the same thing you know uh uh uh uh you know try to to to live the same way they live, dress the same way they dress and and all of that. Praise the Lord. But if we just stay in our homes, you know, and and and we and we preach all of these things to our children, we try to, you know, instruct them how to dress modestly according to the scripture, you know, we preach to them, you know, a woman must not wear that which pertinent onto a man. There is a godly way to dress, you know, and and decent way to dress. We try to teach all of that. But if the only thing they see is what they see in school, praise the Lord, they just think that what planet are we from? What planet are we from? Are my parents just making this? You see, that's that's that's the reason why community is good. So when God called a man, it's not for the me ticket. is now for wages. He call a man to a community. Praise the Lord. And until the man can be able to get that vision, he won't have the burden to work with the people. Are we together? Let's take another thing again here. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Jesus Christ the same. what what whatever more your church represent all that that it represent in Christ that's what we represent to you brothers and we are here to help you to make this as uh uh brother Edward uh Kather used to say a community in which is easier to do the right and harder to do the strong. That's what the church is. That's why we create the atmosphere. That's why we encourage one another to make it easy for us to do the right thing and harder to do the wrong thing. Are we together? Praise the Lord. That sometime that's the reason why sometime the preacher has to preach with our gloves on his hands. He has to bring the word of God uh h uh you know uh uh uh hard as if he's angry at you. But what we trying to do is to better our community to make it easy for us to uphold our values because if uh if we if if if we don't set a standard to hold godly value, this is just an association. It's just an association. We just come, we associate together and everybody goes with their their own ideas, you know, and we we we just do whatever we want to do. Sonic comes, we come, we associate, we sing, we dance around and uh and and we make our contributions and then we just go home. It will just be an association. And our association is just good as a dead cuffs that is dressed in a coffin, but there is no life in it. It has all the jewelries on it is is painted well. It's put on expensive clothes. But there is no life on that cuff that is lying in the coffin. That's what an association is. So, so God's purpose for the church, you look, you look right through the Old Testament, you will see God laying out patterns. He's laying out uh uh uh in types and shadow his very purpose for these people that will be a call out people. He told Moses there in Exodus chapter 25, I want to make you h a royal priesthood. I want to make you know I I want I want you to be a family of priests. Are we together? God expressing his desire. Why he bring us together? Why are we here? It's not just to do our religion. Praise the Lord. It's not enough. If it is just to do our religion, spend an hour in church, you know, uh uh uh uh just to fulfill that we went to church on Sunday. It it's not enough. He says, "I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. I'm going to bring failing a falling people. I'm going to bring people with problems. I'm going to bring I'm going to call people with struggles. I'm going to I'm going to deal with people that have terrible h past. But when I bring them together and my spirit in their midst, the gates of hell will come, but the gates of hell will not prevail. Praise the Lord. Amen. And that's the reason why sometimes we feel we feel forsaken. Why have thou forsaken me? Why me, Lord? Why? Why only me? It's all because he he has us on the wheel. Praise the Lord. He has us on the wheel trying to bring us to that purpose, trying to bring us to be able to to see is not uh one family being better than another family or you know uh one one class. No, there's no class among God's people. We are all God's children. And what he want to do is to be able to use each and every one of us, our our our individual lives, our individual family to be able to declare his name, to make his name known. Praise the Lord. And sometimes the people don't really get the vision. and they don't get they don't get the purpose at all. Sometimes we we become so selfish because we just want it the way that is for us. Are we together? Science science says science prove that uh the environment that we live in has 98% influence on us. The environment we live in the community we live in I'm speaking on community. The church has a community has 98% of influence on us. Now, so think about it this way. Many of us that that that grew up in uh in in different churches and ran from one church to another church seeking truth. All of those church have one impact or another on our life. Amen. So whenever we come into a church, first we start to draw that trust through the filter of what we know as a church. Then we ask ourselves why they do this this the way why they sing this way and and I mean they don't do things like the way we used to. All you doing is that you are drawing this group through the filter of what you know as a church. Amen. But we but I'll say to you don't judge don't be inherit you just wait a little bit. Praise the Lord. If God call you to be part of this community to help us raise up the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you will soon grab the vision. Amen. You will soon get the purpose why we are here. So with with all of this uh uh influence that we have had it it it brings it a it create an uh uh uh uh confusion within us. Let me say it that way. And then but by little by little the Lord start dealing with us. You see that's the reason why I always say as a church we invest on our atmosphere. We don't want nothing tempering with our atmosphere. Amen. We don't want no judging spirit. We don't want no gossip. We don't want uh and that's the reason why the prophet of God taught us to come to church, you know, and have that time to pray and wait on the Lord and clear our spirit because it is the atmosphere that brings the result. A person comes into into our midst, it all looks different from the way they know a church supposed to be. But the Holy Ghost, if we give the Holy Ghost the right of way and the Holy Ghost is moving, he's the one that brings conviction. He's the one that brings understanding. He's the one that change people life. And before you realize the person say, "Oh, wow. I mean, it's not like what I knew, but I like what I'm seeing. I I think that is the word of God. I feel the presence of God. Are we together? Let's read this. Abraham Lincoln influence of another Abraham Lincoln. Now what he was a godly man and he was raised to serve God and he said if there's anything that I want to give praise to. He said, "Oh, my life was influenced by was a godly mother who taught me to pray and to know Jesus as my savior." Oh, our family what you are. Oh, your family what you are. You raise your your child in a certain environment. It got 98% better chance to go right than it has to if you bring bring it up in the wrong way. Amen. If the child is brought up in the right environment, it has 98% chance to go right. Are we together? Bring up a child in the way that it should go and when it gets old it will not depart. Be brought a right. Teach your children to do right to be earnest to be squared and fed even when they are in school. Praise the Lord. Amen. You realize that we living in a society where our children are learning more from school than learning from home. Praise the Lord. Amen. They're learning more from school. They're learning from home because they spend much time in school and spend more time with a with a teacher that has their own aware and the way they see things and because they want to impart that child. They are making every effort to change certain habit and change certain things in the child. Why you always dress this way? Why you talk this way? And then we have busy parents. We don't mean to but we are busy and we don't spend that much time. So what is happening here? Praise the Lord. You say something to the to the child. The child said, "No, that's not what my teacher said." We're talking about community. I I'm I'm just trying to to wake you up a little bit here. Amen. I'm trying to find a place where I can drill the nail. Amen. Says, "No, that's not what my teacher said." And and then he says, "Well, I I'm I'm not your teacher. I'm your parent, you know." And then you're getting into a little But what is happening just just by that statement just by that statement is just telling you that uh uh uh uh there is more influence on the other side than this side. Praise the Lord. Amen. You see, because I call into the word of God Deuteronomy chapter 6, the parents are instructed to teach their children when it comes to teaching. Amen. Which mean uh uh uh mannerism and ethics and dress code. The society must not be teaching our children how to dress. They must not be learning it from YouTube and Tik Tok. They must be learning it from home. They must be learning it from uh from us. The way they see us dress, the the way they see us talk, our mannerism. That's why Moses taught the children. Let these things uh be taught to your children. Let it be written on your walls. When they when they when they when they look at your walls, let it see an instruction. child, obey your parent. They see it on the wall. It speaks to them every time they read it. Amen. We send them to school for them to be educated in a sense find a path to a career. That's why they go to school for. But when it comes to teaching, we must do the teaching. Are we together? They must be taught in our community. Are we together? Listen to this. A shame of him. nations are broke up way back in the jungle of Africa on uh on uh safari hunters. They had to take high power radio to hear Ever Presley Pone and them guys with that rock and roll and twist and the natives trying to see them at alone jacking their head acting like that. The native stood and look at it. But you see they are not Americans like Pat Bone or or Ever Presley and uh Ricky Nelson and them guys are praise the Lord. Now this this is what this is where this the context here is is in a place where Western music is affecting the word. They don't have to be in America to learn how to sack their pants. They don't have to be in America to learn how to move their hairs like this. It's the spirit of the music. And because they are in that environment of the music, the spirit get a hold of them and they are jacking their heads. They don't even know who sang the music. They never been to the concert. But because they are in that environment, are you seeing where I'm going with that? Pat Bone, Ever Presley, Raiky Nelson, them guys, they are uh uh uh they are not Judases of that type. See, it's a spirit. And the spirit is not only in America, it spread itself out over the world to bring them to the battle of Amagida, blasting their heads. It just it has to be a music that that that blast their heads, but it's a spirit. Are we together? They are like that. Whatever nations they come from, Africa, India, wherever it is, that vulgar and stuff has spread over the earth. But just one man started it. So has the gospel and the power of almighty God has spread around the world. Amen. And the time of separation is now taking place. God is is calling the bride. The devil is calling the church. Let's be part of the bride. Amen. Are we together? Are you seeing where I'm going with this? Amen. The environment, the community is all the same. The environment, the community has an influence. Praise the Lord. It has an influence. And uh uh uh and I mean in in all of these things you you you find you know uh uh you find uh even bunch of uh young people that that term tends to believe that there is something called Christian rap. Praise the Lord. It's not it's not only the wordings. It's not just the wordings of the song. Statistics are show us how All of the the the the gang movement that is rising up in young people has been influenced by the music that they listen to, with the insults and uh uh uh uh uh blow his head up and and all of those things that they listen to. They feed their mind, you know, with those things. It condition them. Are we together preparing their mind for amid now? So uh uh uh when when when you think about this and then you start to appreciate the purpose of the church. Society has gone by because the church has failed on her purpose. We have we have paid much attention to building denomination, mega church and and building names and building wealth for ourself that we we we we have not paid attention to be able to affect our community with the power of God where a people can come together and believe that God answer prayers. Praise the Lord. You know what it is when you start teaching your little children to believe that God answer prayers. You know what it is. You know how much you are empowering that child for the future. That when you are no longer around and they having trouble, they can go on their knees and cry to God. Praise the Lord. It's not just the the It's just It's not just the nice building. It's not the music. It's the value that we uphold. Praise the Lord. It's the thing that we are fighting for every time we come in this building. Every time we come together, the reason why we are here, the thing we are fighting for, but I'm glad he says, "I will build my church and the gifts of hell shall not prevail." Praise the Lord. Oh, what a wonderful Jesus we serve. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. Amen. The Lord has been so good to us. Amen. He's been so so so good to us. God's people all through the ages, they have gone through one thing or another. Even even the Jews when you when you study the history of the Jews, it came to a time after after the the the Holocaust and all that the Jews has gone to. I mean uh uh uh they were they were trying to I mean just just to believe to go back and read the Torah and and and to and to be able to refer to one and says I am your God that have brought you out of Egypt. I mean when you look at things that you are going through and to be able to associate that with an almighty God and Elohim then you are asking I mean uh I mean so so so many of these Jews uh uh uh uh there's a documentary called uh uh God on trial and and it it was all about these Jews that were that were arguing with the rabb and and and trying to argue with him. All of these things you are telling us from the Torah. See what we are going through. Where is our God? Why have thou forsaken me? Where is our God? Why we have to go through all of this? I thought it should be very easy when I believe the Lord Jesus. I'm baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Everything should go easy. But God don't work like that. Praise the Lord. He don't work like that. Praise the Lord. He's just trying to tell you that no matter what you are going through, the gates of hell will not prevail. You will feel the flame. You will feel the pressure. But the gifts of hell will not prevail because this is my community. It's a community that bear my name. Praise the Lord. You see that in the life of Hega crying h crying for the child. You see that in the life of Moses h feeling the sense of rejection of his people. Why have thou forsaken me? Every one of us says the same thing. That's what brother Brandham was saying right here. He says this was David on a prophecy prophesying of of Jesus Christ. When he said it, it moved over to the church. Praise the Lord. So every one of us, we go through things and we say that very same language, why hast thou forsaken me? Because it's a breath cry of the church. And you know the beautiful thing about it when you say that it means that you are in connection. Amen. You are in connection with your umbilical. Praise the Lord. You are in connection with your umbilical. You know that there is a God. Amen. Whose help you need and you feel like he's forsaken. and then pray the song you start to see the beauty of it. Why have thou forsaken me? Praise the Lord. Paul says in 2 Corinthians chapter 4:9, "We are persecuted, but we are never forsaken. Praise the Lord. We are persecuted, but we are never forsaken. Glory be to God. Amen. Oh, I love this this morning. Amen. I love this this morning. Here's a church birth cry. It's our birth cry. We go through things. We say, "Oh God, where are you? It's the same thing. My God. My God. You are saying the same thing. You just speaking a different dialect, but it's the same thing you are saying. Amen. Oh God, make a way. Turn the situation around. Praise the Lord. You know what you're doing? You are just conditioning to be birthed. You are in the womb. You are conditioning to be birthed. That's all the child needs. Just the right environment. Amen. Unless the mama eat the right food, that baby is going to come forth. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Because we have to realize that uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh uh just like uh uh the scripture says here I love this uh 1st Samuel chapter 12 verse 22. For the Lord will not forsake his people for his great name's sake. Amen. For his name's sake. because it has pleased the Lord to make you his people. Praise the Lord. He could have called other people. He could have revealed himself to them, but it pleased the Lord to make you hate. And because of his name's sake, he will never forsake you. But sometimes we just need to understand what's the purpose. What is the purpose? Praise the Lord. Now remember when uh when uh uh uh uh Solomon was building uh uh the temple, you know, they had all of these stones that were you know that were gathered from many different nation marbles and you know uh uh diamonds and then all the all the the you know elements of the earth. I mean, he had all of these beautiful things gathered, brought from everywhere. And yet they had to get uh a stone missing in to be able to chip those stones for them to be able to fit. Praise the Lord. Amen. And all of those stones were cut from different places. And that is and that is the way our natural birth is. We are caught from different places, cut from different things that we've gone through. And here are h are ships transporting these stones over. But every stone had a place in the tabernacle. Praise the Lord. That the Bible recorded that in the building of the temple there was not a sound of a hmon. because every stone was cut right to be able to fit right in. There was not a sound of a harmon. So you see when God take us through these things, he's cutting us. He's shaping us so we can fit right into our place in the body. Are we together? You see when when uh when the people of God begin to understand the purpose of redemption, the purpose of the church, then it gets to the place where the church don't become brother W's church. No. Praise the Lord. You know, this morning I was studying. I was looking I was looking for a sound that I wanted to put in my notes. Just print it out. And if you if you if you see something, say something. Have you Have you seen that sign? Have you seen that sign? I I saw a few of them and I trying I was trying hard working this morning hard to to to work on the words and and make it nice. I was not able to finish it because of some of the things that I needed to do. But I was I was just enjoying myself doing that. Praise the Lord. If you see something, say something. if you see something, you know, uh uh one of uh uh the on it says uh uh I forget what it said. Let me let me just stay with what I'm talking about this morning. Amen. From my mind start going into all of that. But you see that's that's that's what Paul says. Let's provoke one another to good works. Why? Because it's to the benefit of our community. Amen. is to the benefit of our community. I mean, we don't we don't we don't tear one another down and destroy one another, you know, in our homes with with talks and gossip and all of that. No, we pray for one another. Amen. We encourage one another. That's what we supposed to do. That's what the church supposed to do. That's the thing that uh you know uh uh uh uh uh improve our our community. Can can you imagine those days of of of of farming when men live on the earth? I mean the community the the the rally together to make sure that uh you know uh brother brother Steve Farm is is is cut down. You know, last time is is is is blessing time to go. Uh next uh Saturday we go and make sure that blessings. Can you imagine uh uh uh uh how the family will have failed if everybody was supposed to just cut down their own acres. I mean they will be brushing and brushing and then planting time will pass. But those men uh uh the the the they unite their strength together and I mean everybody is on the schedule you know while the wife is getting the children ready let's cook they coming to it's our time for our farm to be brushed today I mean the men are coming here today everybody's ready and before you realize that community have surplus praise the lord but brother says we live in a time where you don't even know your neighbor is dead until uh you don't know he's sick until that you heard that he's dead because we don't even go across the street to see who's living there. We don't even say hi to the next person there. And I mean uh uh uh and and that is some of the things and most of the things that have destroyed our society. They have taken the common sense of human value from us. We don't care is their problem is up to them. Let them sort it out. Praise the Lord. It's either that or or it's a rag race. This other family brought a 15 inch uh in. Let's go and get 22. There is louder. Let's bump our own. Let's get more louder. And at the end of the day, nobody is watching anything. Are we together? Oh, praise the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. What a mighty God we serve. Praise the Lord. What a mighty God we serve. The Lord is so good and his mercy endureth forever. Besetting of God. So I believe that the influence that music put upon children, it will pay every Christian throughout radio land that this radio reach to keep their radio turn in such a station as tonight. Okay. that was uh that was uh uh uh uh you know a radio station where brother Neville used to sing and preach on. That's what he's kind of referring to. And uh but I just I just took that uh to make the emphasis of how much influence music put upon children to keep their radio turn into such a station as this because it brings the right kind of a influence through music and through preaching the word to our children. It set them in a better environment. Praise the Lord. Amen. It set them in a better environment. So, how do we stay in our community? We don't all have to move to Brooklyn Center and leave. Our community is the word. Amen. It's the word. Because when you are reading the word and I'm reading the word, we are staying in our community. Pretty soon we are saying the same thing. And I say that, "Oh yeah, I just read that this morning. So he says by by by by by by by by by listening to h godly music and the preaching of the word it set our community. It set them in a better community. Why? Because it's all about the mind. It's all about the spirit man. Praise the Lord. is all about the spirit man. Because of the failure of the church and and and all the horrible thing we have seen all the abuses and corruption, it have put such such a stigma on church that people just see well it's just all about the money business. It has destroyed the value. Praise the Lord that yeah, you know, uh, it's I can serve God in my heart. The church is the person. It's not the building. It's truth. It's not the building. Praise the Lord. But if you have a community, there's a there's a place where the neighbors should meet. That's why every community has a park. Praise the Lord. This is our community. This is our park. We come here to dance to the Lord. We come here to praise the Lord. We come here to speak about things that concern us. You love the Lord. Oh, what a wonderful Jesus we serve. Now last week uh when I was speaking u I kind of for misuse I misplace the quotation and I thought that I will correct it this morning. Let's look at Psalm chapter 16. I misplaced a quotation when we read Psalm 22 last week. Uh I used that in place of this that we coming to read and uh I you know I spoke about uh uh Psalm chapter 16. Let's go there. And uh praise the Lord. Yes. Yes. David again. Uh uh uh uh David again in prayer. Psalm chapter 16. Pre preserve me, oh God, for indeed do I put my trust, oh my soul, thou hast said unto the Lord, thou are my Lord, my uh uh my goodness extended not to thee, but to the saints thou to the saints that are in the earth, and to the excellent in whom is all mine delight. Praise the Lord. Their sorrows shall be multiplied. Uh the hastening after another god. Their drink offering of blood will I not offer none thick up their names into my lips. Now this is where I want to go with with all of this that we are reading. Let's uh go to verse seven. I will bless the Lord who has given me counsel. My reigns are also instruct me in the night season. I have set the Lord always before me. Because he is at my right hand, I shall not be moved. Therefore, my heart is glad and my glory rejoice. My flesh also shall rest in hope. For thou shalt not leave my soul in hell. Praise the Lord. Now read this and think about Jesus saying the gates of hell shall not prevail. Amen. You just you just just just make that comparison in your mind. Now David is saying here therefore my heart is glad uh uh uh uh and uh my heart is glad and my glory rejoice. My flesh also shall rest in hope. For thou shalt not leave my soul in hell, neither will thou suffer thy holy one to see corruption. Thou will show me the path of life. In thy presence is fullness of joy. At the right hand there are pleasures forever more. Praise the Lord. So last week when I referred to the verse, the only verse that our Lord Jesus Christ hang the only verse in scripture because you have to realize that after Jesus died on the cross, there was there was a there was a three-day span. Praise the Lord. And Peter will tell us in the book of Peter that he went down and preached to souls in prison. Praise the Lord. Amen. So his spirit went back to God. His soul went down to hell. Why? Because he was bolding our sin upon him. Praise the Lord. There had to be a word. There had to be a prophecy. He said, "Uh, I destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it up." Praise the Lord. And yet David prophesied and saying that will not leave his soul in hell, neither will you allowed him to see corruption. And that was the only verse brother Brandon says here. He says a prophecy of a backslider preacher yet in the message position uh uh uh of a believer in Christ. And so it was Christ being represented for the church. He took the church place of sin and was cast into utter darkness into hell. He rose again the third day. God raised him up for our justification. And he did that on the basis of one scripture of a minister who later backslided spoke in the scripture. David said, "I will not leave his soul in hell. Neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption." The only scripture I find in the Old Testament spoke by by prophecy that God was going to do it. So he did not leave his soul in hell. Praise the Lord. Amen. I will leave his soul in hell and I will not allow my holy one to see corruption. So he has to come up before 3 days because 72 hours corruption set in the body. So he had to come up. He had to he had to skip hell because there was a word. Praise the Lord. Amen. So you see it and yet Jesus in the infancy of the church in the infancy when all the disciples know was just the synagogues the temple of Solomon and all of that and he's standing right in the midst of them and says I will build my church praise the Lord when he asked the disciple Matthew chapter 16 who do men say that I the son of man I Some say you are Jeremiah. Some say you are this. He say okay. It's okay. Who do you say I am? Praise the Lord. We've been we've been coming together a whole while now. What's what you think of me? Praise the Lord. I I don't believe that they were doubting him. I believe that they were they were they were so overwhelmed with all the manifestation that they have seen that uh I mean they the reality couldn't put in words they were somehow brain frozen praise the lord and the revelation just dropped down in Peter heart he said thou art Christ son of the living God and Jesus said flesh and blood did not give this to you he didn't learn it in school my father just gave give you a revelation and upon this rock the rock of revelation I will build my church. Praise the Lord. Amen. The rock of revelation where where God can be able to release his thoughts to his children. When God can be able to take you beyond what the preacher is saying, he can be able to take you into the realness of his presence. Praise the Lord. So you see how powerful our community is when we are influenced by revelation. Not I7, not man pleasing, not competition, but God dealing with us in our measure. Praise the Lord. He's dealing with us in our measure. We loving him for that. We appreciating one another. when the church is governed by revelation. But it's not always like that. Amen. You check the book of Acts when when when Simon the sorceress, he start to see what the disciples were doing, he got carried away and he wanted the power. He says, "How much can I pay?" Praise the Lord. He just started something that you got to go sit down with Peter. Let he give you three three months of class. Praise the Lord. And Peter had to tell him, "You and your money go to hell." Praise the Lord. The Bible says that he brought all his magical books and all the things that he was he was reading and and all the things he was using. But if you study history, you study history, Simon the sorcerer gave the church a problem because he could never comes to true conviction. He was wanting power. He was wanting to rise to the place of influence. You see when man had go has got into into all of these big powers and and political powers and they have made name for themsel. Praise the Lord. Even when they come when they come into God's community, they come into the church, they want a special place. You must set them down. You know, their name must always be called. You must mention their name. And you know, you should just be throwing flowers for what? We have only one person to be praised. That's almighty God. Praise the Lord. He could never come to true conviction. He struggled with that. Because here say he was he was a sorcerer. He was a magician that people were coming toward and and you were giving them answers. Now he have seen the power the demonstration of the of of God on the scene. Okay, I can join this church. Maybe they will give me position. Praise the Lord. Amen. Acts chapter 7 or Acts chapter 6. Acts chapter 6 actually. Seek you men among you filled with the Holy Ghost. That's the qualification for position. Amen. Seek men among you filled with the Holy Ghost. Are we together? Are you Are you Are you seeing what I'm laboring on this morning? Amen. And it's it's just it just is just to come to this place to say that uh uh your home, your family, they are your responsibility. Praise the Lord. Amen. They are your responsibility. By God's grace, we'll meet here Wednesday night and Sunday morning, unless we have a special meeting that sometimes we do Saturday night, Sunday morning. And uh uh or we have our communion service we do Sunday evening but our regular service is uh Wednesday night and and uh Sunday morning and the rest of the time we are at home at work you know as family we do our family thing. Praise the Lord. Amen. But I'm laboring to bring to you an an understanding this morning. And we we've seen that over and over sometimes I mean there are places where God has blessed the people with big community of believers. I mean there are hundreds of believers in that place and sometimes also those places uh uh with with such a blessing the people can even misuse it. Praise the Lord. Because I mean uh uh uh just just like what the Bible says there in the in the book of Acts chapter 2 when Peter stood up that day and he preached the Bible says and 3,000 souls were added to the church. But in that 3,000 souls that's where the Bible called a certain man called Ananas and his wife. So there was a mixed multitude. Praise the Lord. So when you have a population of believers, you have a mis multitude. When you have a scarce of believers, you also have your challenges because your growing children, you know, uh uh uh uh I mean uh uh we are not living house to house. So if they have their friends in church, they want to meet Wednesday night. Praise the Lord. And even in that way they are not they are not very so close. Are you seeing what I'm going this morning? Praise the Lord. And and and and some of those things uh uh uh uh uh our young people don't understand uh you know when when when we talk about the mystery of God, we talk about the message of the hour, the power of the Holy Ghost. I mean they enjoy the atmosphere. There are things that resonate with them, but sometimes it's just over their head. Sometimes all they need is just a community of friends to carry them alone. Sometimes that all they need. Praise the Lord. That all they need. That's the reason why when you travel to Europe, England, and all of these places, you find all of these outstanding church, the movement of John Wesley and all of these people. I mean there was great revival in Europe. You find that the church is just left to older people. Why? Because the the the younger ones cannot make community with older people. There's a big generation gap. So well I mean they can hang with their grandparents view but not every son the grandparents grandparents and grandparents friends as as much as it sounds as it sound funny. So you find the younger generation go away from church. Why? Because there is no community to sustain them. There is no community to sustain them. There is no community of of same age value, no community of uh uh same family value. So they go away. And there are some of the things our young people struggle with. It's not that they don't love the Lord. Praise the Lord. And for some of us parents, we have had our experience, you know, we grow up and and and and now we know who the messenger is. And now and because of that, you are you are you are aging your child to your to your level and all you are doing. The message said the message say I mean they believe the message but uh uh uh uh there are other things that they need. Praise the Lord. I re I really really thank the Lord this morning because I was I was just there and and asking the Lord. Oh, I help me Lord. Let let the people understand why I'm going with this thing. Praise the Lord. I'm not forming a cut here where we we all going to go to the north of Minneapolis and make our community there. That's not what I'm talking about. That's that just not what I'm talking about. Praise the Lord. Because people quick to form CS of these things as parents. That's the things that we we that's the thing that that must that must that must that must consume us. What are we doing to to to to uh to to help our children? Because their challenges is different from our challenges. Praise the Lord. Their challenges is completely different from our challenges. If you want to keep them in this community, they got to grab the value of the community. They got to grab the the value. What makes it good to serve the Lord? What makes it good to live a godly life? to esteem from sin and and get away from a nasty life. Praise the Lord. Because sometimes it just take a a one sound of something or one sight of something and then that child has a demon to fight the rest of their life because they were they were exposed to some uh uncensored program and and some filthy thing on the internet and then they have a demon to fight. Why? Because daddy and mommy only talk about the Holy Ghost. They are living in heavenly places. Praise the Lord. Because they are in heavenly places, they can leave the children for angels to take care of them and they just go to work. Praise the Lord. How are you sustaining your community? How are you carrying the value of your community? Praise the Lord. And sometimes we just you know we just you know keep ourself in this in this uh uh you know in our own bubble a bubble that is filled of complaints. We just complain about everything these day. I don't know what is happening to the church. What is happening? I mean tell us what is happening. Praise the Lord. You know what happened? If you ever live in a place for many years and then you move out and then you go back. You remember we talk about familiar places. You go back and visit your community. Sometimes it it it change but yet there are things you still appreciate. Praise the Lord. And sometimes that's what it is when you go away from church. You go to a convention, you visit other churches, you come back, you appreciate your little group, you realize that, well, thank God we have a place to go to. We have a place where we meet Wednesday night and Sunday morning. Praise the Lord. Bring in all of allowing some of our brothers to come in and visit with us uh you know uh uh uh uh a weekend service and all of that. All of those things is to improve the community is to allow another preacher comes in with uh with his inspiration and sometimes he preach and he connects with the things that we've been talking about. Then you realize, oh yeah, the Lord is in our midst. Thank God for what he's doing in our midst. Praise the Lord. But you see if if if we just see the church as a place to associate you come to church and and we don't see you you I mean we don't see you we don't know about you you are there and then you show up again even in your own spiritual work you can't connect with what God is doing in your local assembly you can't connect with it and that's where the person comes to the play I'm serving God for myself serving God for myself you know salvation is individual affair then we come up with all of these things those are backsliding language when you are serving God you be serviceable to people that's what Jesus taught us you will serve God for other people you will serve God for your for your neighbors your your co-workers because he said, "Let men see your good work and glorify your father. Are we together?" The birth crowd of the church, we go through those things. Some sometimes even the preacher feels it. He preach and he preach and preach and it it it just feel like oh God what's what's what's happening and in that in that sense of uh trying to find the word of God or trying to find the man of God he feels he feel a sense of loneliness I can't get the people on board why are they not grapping the Lord what are we And sometimes you say is it only our assembly until you start to talk to another brother and start telling you all of his problem. Praise the Lord. Start telling you all of your I said brother I I even know where we going. You know people don't come to church on Wednesday night. I mean the church is oh my God it's it's everywhere. Lord just get of grace. Let's let's just hold. Let's just hold because you said I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. I'm I'm so glad that the Lord been able to give us a breakthrough so you can really be able to grab what I'm bringing to you this morning. If you listen to to all the statistics out there of the things that are happening in family, praise the Lord. Amen. It's all because of the environment where they live. Do you know that people can move to new environment but still be living in their old environment? mindset mindset. They can be living in their move, move away, living in a new environment, but they want to replicate. They want to bring the city of the old environment back. Every store that used to be in the neighborhood, they want to bring it back because that all they talk about the place I used to live, there was just a store just across the street. I just used to run there. You don't have it now. It works better for you if you start knowing the new environment. Oh, my neighbor that used to be that man. Oh my god, that that neighbor you you don't have him. You are just living in in in that place. And we we talk about it like that. But it it happened to us in different ways. Even sometimes in relationship, people live their past when they are not in it. They used to be single. They used to be alone and now they're married. But they they are just they they are just in that environment of their mind how they used to live. Some of those things destroy homes. It destroy lives. We we bring how our our our you know our parents you know when we were small this is what my parent used to do this is what my parent used to do your generation this is how your parent did not born that child you born that child. So you are living in a new environment. Dwelling in a new environment, living in the old. You are dwelling in a new environment living in the old. And if you get stuck in that old environment, you will suffer because that store is not across the street. The store is not across the street. If you used to yell at the man selling, "Joseph, please bring me. Joseph is not there. He's not there. Joseph is not there. You will just be murmuring, regretting. And when you are doing that, your life is not advancing. You are just stuck. Because you are living in your past. Your past has become your hero. You talk about the past. You celebrate the past. What's happening now? What is happening here? What are we doing here? Praise the Lord. I might not be your your fiery preacher. Praise the Lord. This church might not be the kind of a big assembly that you but there is something that is happening here. And what I want to stay to, I want to stay to the vision that God gave me. I don't know the vision of your former pastor or your favorite preacher. Time is far spent. Thank you for bearing with me this afternoon. Musicians, you can come. You can come while we just wind this thing down. While we just wind this thing down. Musicians, you can come. Oh, hallelujah. I will restore. When Jesus died on the cross, he was forsaken by men here on earth. And he spoke in another thong. He said, "My God, why have thou forsaken me?" church from that day to this is move up some seeds coming right out of the seam. So when he said that he saw a seed it move up and when the Holy Ghost came back on the on the days of Pentecost it became the birth cry of the church. The church will labor. The people will go through persecution. They will go through different things and sometimes it will looks like God is not in their midst. Praise the Lord. If he was the master of the house, he was rejected. He was neglected and he had to go all through this. It became a birth crowd of the church. It became the birth crowd of the believers. [Music] [Music] But Jesus said, "I will build my church." You know, there's one thing that I tell the Lord all the time. I say, "You say you build your church. You say all that the father has given me will come." Praise the Lord. And all I have to do is just preach the word. If it is them that the father has given, they will be gravitated to the word. [Music] [Music] Oh, I'm looking I'm looking forward to God doing having his way in our midst. I'm looking forward to God helping our young people. Let the value of what they've been taught, the value of what they hear and sometimes they don't understand. Let it let it let let it grab their life. And sometime you you parents you won't even take a vacation and go for the convention. Go away, take your family somewhere and and and and just see how believers are doing things other places. It helps you. [Music] I'm I'm not I'm not a I'm not this I'm not that kind of a preacher that just want to plant you by my side. No. If you find a place that can that can you can better serve the Lord than this place, go and serve the Lord better. That's what I want. I want when I hear from you, I want to hear you serving God better. That's what rejoice my heart. John said to hear that my children are walking in truth. [Music] Jehovah promise a Holy Ghost promise I will restore. Thou said the Lord, I will restore. Thou said the Lord. Yes, I will restore. Said the Lord. And I will restore. Say the Lord. Behold God promise and holy ghost promise. I will restore. Thus said the Lord and I will restore. Thus said oh yeah I will restore. Let's stand on our feet. Oh, I will restore the Lord. Jehovah promise. Holy Ghost promise. I will restore. Thus said the Lord. I will restore. Do you believe that this afternoon? Let's sing it to the Lord. I will restore. Say the Lord. And I will restore. Say the Lord. Lord Jehovah promise. The Holy Ghost promise. I will restore the second of all and I will restore. Let's sing it one more time. Let's sing it with father. Oh, I will restore. Said the Lord. I will restore. Said the Lord. Oh Jehovah promise and holy ghost promise I will restore. Thou said the Lord I will restore. Thou said the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. It says promise. Yes. Yes Lord. You promised, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Yes. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. That's your word. That is your word. That's your word, Lord. Hallelujah. You said all that the pamper wound, the c the the caterpillar of the logus, the ca wound has eaten, Lord, you will restore. That's your promise, Lord Jesus. Father, Lord, a promise in the life of your people. A promise, Lord Jesus, in our homes, Lord. A promise, Father, in our health, oh God. A promise Lord Jesus. Oh father. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Oh God father. We just want to thank you. We want to thank you Lord. We want to praise you. We want to glorify your holy name Lord God. Thank you Lord God. We we know our birth cry Lord Jesus. We know that God. Father Lord. Oh you said you bringing us to unexpected end Lord God. You said, "Father, the dynamics of this church will be the refilling of the Holy Ghost." And that's why, Lord God, we are laboring for, Lord. We want your spirit to break upon your people. We want your spirit, oh God, Father, Lord, to change our lives, to affect our homes, Lord. Open our eyes, oh God. Father, oh hallelujah. It's your promise, Lord. It's your promise, oh God. Hallelujah Jesus. Yes. Oh God. Jehovah promise. Holy Ghost promise. I will restore thus said the Lord. I will restore thus said the Lord. [Music] Yes, father. I need restoration, oh God, in my health, Lord. I need restoration in my family, Lord God. I need restoration, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, take me back, Lord God, take me back, Lord, Father God, to some of those foundation stones, oh God, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Oh precious Lord, thank you father. Thank you heavenly father. Oh God, I pray that Lord God, you will just raise, oh father God, a holy indignation in the hearts of your people, Lord God, something that will draw them to the cross. Something, oh God, Father, that will inspire them, Lord God. Something, oh Lord, that will make them, Lord, Father God, to get to laboring, Lord Jesus. Oh God, I pray father Lord. Oh, blessed be your name, blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name, oh father, blessed be your holy name, Jesus. Oh God, we just thank you, Father. We just want to commit ourself in your hands now. We commit, oh God, our little ones in your hands. Oh father, Moses said we are not leaving no little ones behind. Oh God, we are not leaving none of them behind. Lord Jesus. Oh father, we just pray. Oh God, that Father, oh God, in your special way, Lord, in your special way, Father, Lord God, you will get around their hearts, oh Father, Lord, you will get around their mind, oh God. Father, you will bring conviction, oh God. Lord Jesus, you will restore them back to their fall, Lord God, you will heal them, Lord, you will deliver them, oh God. Father, Lord, oh precious Lord, I pray, I pray. Oh God, Father, blessed be in your holy name, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Lord, thank you for the inspiration, oh God. Thank you, oh God. Father, for the spirit of altar, Lord, thank you for the uncction. Oh God, I bless your name, Lord. I bless your name, Jesus. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Yes Lord Father. Oh thank you Jesus. I pray to God Father raise it in the hearts of your people. Give them godly desire Father Lord. Give them Lord Jesus the desire Father to labor with their family. Labor with their wives. Labor with their husband. Oh God. Labor with their children. Oh father, Lord Jesus. Oh God, precious Lord that we can keep the value of Jesus Christ. We can keep the inspiration of the almighty. Oh God, oh father God, we can labor, Father God, for the Holy Ghost, Lord, for our children to have the Holy Ghost, Lord. For our wives to have the Holy Ghost, Father, for our husbands to have the Holy Ghost, oh God. Oh precious Lord, I pray. Yes. Oh God, Father, thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord God. Thank you Father. Thank you Lord. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Bring restoration to our life. Lord, you know how much we desire it. Oh God, we want to get back to those places where we are falling from Lord. We want to get back Lord Father God. Oh God, we thank you. We appreciate you, Father. We love you. We love you, God. Thank you for your word. Thank you for your presence. Thank you, Holy Spirit. Have your word upon our life, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's a glorious church. Let's sing it with our spot wrinkle. The glorious church. [Music] It's a glorious church without spot wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh yes with all the rainbow wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh it's a glorious church without a rainbow. Watch in the blood of the lamb. Oh, it's a glorious church without spo Walk in the blood of the Let's do that one more time. Oh, it's a glorious church without [Music] wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh yes. A glorious church with pouring. Washing the blood of the lamb. Oh yes, it's a glorious we in the blood of the lamb. Oh yes, a glorious weing [Music] the blood of the lamb. Oh is the glorious without glory wash in the blood of darling. It's a glorious trust we following watching the father. One more time for his adoreous we [Music] in the blood of the lamb. Oh, is a glorious church without a rainbow wash in the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. until we see you on Wednesday night. May the grace of God rest upon you. Brother Lawrence, you come lead the people to worship in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory [Music] in the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus. will have to flee when we come in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before in the preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. In the name of Jesus. Bless the name of Jesus.
