################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - May 18, 2025 Sunday Service Bro Joe Adams- Power Restored To The Church - Joe Adams.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    May 18, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Joe Adams- Power Restored To The Church
Speaker: Joe Adams
Church:   Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UuINhh1_sEY
========================================

Description:
Sunday Online Service will start at 11:00 AM
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Good to be in the house of the Lord. We want to greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We thank the Lord for his wonderful blessing of giving us this opportunity. We want to just take a few prayer needs here and then uh we will call brother Dan. Uh he has a little testimony and then he will pray for us with that as well. Uh this is from Sister Joy Langette. He says, "I want to bless God for his loving mercy and uh and grace this Sunday morning, tomorrow. Uh I'll be adding another year or he will be adding another year to my life. God is so amazing and I thank you all for your support and prayers. May God bless you all." Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to thank the Lord. Uh just before I left home, uh uh brother Lauren's wife called me and I think uh I don't know if he was reacting to a medication or not, but uh they want us to keep him in prayer. Uh he was hoping to be here this morning, but I think uh uh he's not uh feeling much better. And uh I got a prayer need that came in this morning. high sins praying uh this morning for sister Don and brother Jeff Harris. They they have uh been both fighting with a terrible ratch for over a week. I apologize. Okay. Uh uh terrible rash over a week. Sister Diana has been the worst. The doctor don't know what uh triggered him. Uh it is not a persing IV or anything like that but it has been severe extremely itchy. Pray that the Lord will clear it out. Amen. So we want to take this uh need uh uh when brother Dan come and then just give us his uh uh short testimony. Come on brother Dan. [Music] Praise the Lord, saints. God bless you all and good to see everyone of you this morning. I have two very short testimonies. Praise the Lord. And um yesterday when our brother was preaching, he said, "God has given us of himself." Of himself. He has not left behind a powerless church. And the church of the living God has been equipped with power and authority. Amen. And we can do anything. We have always been in our in our own way. Praise the Lord. Amen. I wrote um a thanksgiving um on Wednesday and the following morning when I was praying a part of me was saying I didn't do a good job and I said to myself I was going to come before the church and then put out the details of the Lord healing me of my back ache and that back ache has been on for more than 10 years. Oh wow. That almost every morning I either have to put some cream on my back or every other day I'm taking some some painkiller. Now um I don't remember whether it was that Wednesday morning or the Tuesday morning but I used to start work very early. So 3:30 I was up got ready. I couldn't even put my pants on because I sat on the bed. I couldn't lean forward and then I I couldn't bend over. We have um a stationary bike in the bedroom, my wife's bike, which she never uses anyway. I held it with one hand and I held the p I just managed. I just didn't know how. It was so terrible the worst been. And I went down to pray. In fact, I went on my knees and as soon as I got praying, I got through praying, that back ache left me. I went to work. Praise the Lord. [Applause] I went to work that day and for 4 hours I was either burning or leaning over or doing something. I completely forgot that I ever had a backachche until I came home and it was time to pray. That was when it struck me that for the whole day at work, you never even experienced that back ache. Praise the Lord. God took it away and left it no trace. Praise the Lord. And then on Friday night about 10:30 in the night, my wife started complaining of tightness in her chest. And then she was losing breath. And then I brought our blood pressure moni uh monitor. She took her blood pressure. Um she takes some pills and the doctor told her if it is less than 120 call 911. If it's more than 150, call 911. And when we did it, it was less than 110. We did it again, it was less than 110. I think we did the third time again. So she called the nurse and the nurse said, "Call 911." And then she was quiet on the phone. Then the nurse said, "Are you going to call?" She said, "I don't know." She said, "No, call 911." So I said, "Call 911." She was hesitant. I said, "Okay, let's pray. When we finished praying, I brought back the blood money, the cup. She put it on her hand. From below 110, it went to 140. In less than 1 minute. Praise the Lord. So, I even got scared. I said, "No, 142." She said, "No, it's normal." We did it again. 136. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Our God, we don't know what we have most of the times. I just want to give God the glory. Amen. That our God is still a prayer answering God. God bless you all. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Shall we pray? Our dear Lord and our Savior Jesus, we thank you so very much for this morning. Thank you, Father. Father, once again, we are grateful that you have gathered us together, oh God, that you may minister unto us, for we know that we have come before the throne of God. We have not come to see a man, neither have we come to hear the enticing words of men's wisdom. We have come, Father, oh God, that we may see you, Lord. And Father, we commit ourselves into your hands this morning, that you will search through our hearts and minister unto us according to our needs. That as many of us that are here and as many as you be following this service online, Father, our lives would never be the same again. Father, we are in your hands. Do with us as it pleases thee. We commit your minister into your hands. Father, we pray that you will grant him utterance. We pray that you would use him to minister unto us. Let him be a conduit, Father. Oh God, through which father, you will touch every heart in a very special way. Father, in the name of Jesus, as your word comes forth, may you heal our souls, heal our spirits, and heal our bodies of every sickness, of every disease, of every infirmity, of every charm, and of every spell the enemy has cast upon us. In the name of Jesus, we want to thank you, Father, for having added another year to sis Joyy's years. Father, we pray committing her into your hands, Father, that she will live to see the glory of God unfold in her life in ways she probably have never thought of. We also want to commit brother Lawrence into your hands, Father. She he was willing to be here, Father, this morning, but for some circumstances, Father, due to his health, Father, he's not here. The devil has already been exposed and the devil stands no chance. Father, we pray that whatsoever you have started, may you bring it to a completion in the life of our brother. Perfect every healing, Father. Perfect your healing in his life. And father, bring him back where he belongs to the glory of your your holy name. There was also another prayer request about a sister. I'm not very sure. Whoever this person is and wherever they are and whatever it is that they are going through, Father, we pray as a church of the living God. Father, may you send your holy angels, Father, with healing in their wings to go and minister onto her even this very moment. In Jesus' name, let the glory be yours to share with no man. In Jesus name, Father, we pray as we commit the rest of the service into your hands. Amen. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, he abide. Yes, he abide. Hallelujah. Christ abide with me. I'm rejoicing in the I walk the narrow way for the cross with me. Oh yes, he abide. He abide. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Christ abide with me. I rejoice in that day as I walk on that [Music] away. Let's sing the first verse [Music] down of [Music] s with me till I Jesus on the tree and I felt that at his feet and I came up so sweet. Oh, the comforter of that with me. Hallelujah. He [Applause] abal Christ abide with me. I'm rejoicing as I walk this narrow way for the comforter. The next verse now he is with me everywhere. He knows my every care. I am happy as and just I pray. Oh father the spirit I control. He satisfy my soul. Oh the comforter. Do you believe that this morning? Oh yeah. He abide. abide. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Christ abide with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing. As I walk this narrow way, all the comfort with the next one. Oh, there's no thirsting for the place of this world and taking away. Lord, they go. I gave them up and decently. All my night has turned to day. Every burden rode away. Oh my comfort is yet with thee. Hallelujah. He abide. He abide. Oh hallelujah. Christ abide with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing that day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort of Oh, yes. Hallelujah. He abide. Oh, he abide. Yes. Hallelujah. Christ abide with me. I'm rejoicing that in me as I walk the narrow way for the comforter. One more time, let's sing that. He abides. He abide. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing not as I walk the narrow way. for the comforter abides with me. Hallelujah. Are we here yet to worship the Lord this morning? Let's do a better job. Amen. The Bible says he's uh he alone is worth water to be worshiped. Praise the Lord. If you don't give it to him, I don't know who you will give it to. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh mine, I'm on my way to King Land. I'm on my way to Can I'm on my way to Cana's land. I'm on my way to Jesus land. I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way to Jesus name. I'm on my way to Jesus name. Oh, I'm on my way to Jesus name. Oh yes, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. If you won't go, God handle me. Oh, if you won't go, God handle me. Oh yes. If you want go, handle me. Oh yes, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Oh, I'm on my way to Jesus name. Oh, I'm on my way to Jesus. Oh, I'm on my way to Jesus land. Oh yes, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. If you won't go, don't handle me. If you won't go, don't handle me. Oh, if you won't go for the hand of me. Oh yes, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm just praise the Lord. Let's clap our hands. [Laughter] [Music] Oh, I'm on my way. I'm on my way to give us back. Oh, I'm on my way to king's land. Oh, I'm on my way to land. Oh, yes. I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my Oh, I'm on my way. I'm on my way to Jesus land. I'm on my way to the promised land. Oh, I'm on my way to chaos land. Oh yeah, I'm on my way. Praise God. I'm on my way. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Let's worship the Lord with a hand of praise. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. Amen. It looks like somebody is bringing praise out of me this morning. Okay, brother Dan, I want to take the offering up. So, you can go right ahead, Brother Dan, and uh and take the offering up. Let's sing uh Some Glad Morning. I'll fly to White. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't know. I don't know. How can you fly with no movement in your body? Praise the Lord. Are you sure you're going to fly away? So, slow down. Don't worship like a word bird now. Amen. You got to worship like a bird that is freed and ready to fly. Amen. Don't worship like a word bird. [Music] Oh yes, I fly away. Oh yes, I fly away. Oh glory, I fly away. Oh yeah. When I die. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh yes. I fly away. Oh glory. I fly away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my gosh. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. When I die by my way, when the shadows limp impossible. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my god way to a land where joy shall never be. Oh hallelujah. Oh glory I fly away. Oh thank you Lord when I die. Hallelujah. Oh. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Fly away. Oh, glory. Yes, I fly away. Oh, and I die. Hallelujah. By and by. Oh yes, I find a way. Thank you, Lord. What a promise. Amen. What a promise. It's a promise of a border change. When those sins goes marshing in, let's sing there. Amen. When those sins goes marshing in, [Music] Oh, I love and the stranger. I'm wondering this world of sin. On my way to God. When the S goes my sh. Oh, when the se go my sh. When the s go my sh. Oh Lord, I pray to be my daughter when the sins go my sh. Oh, I know. I will see my king Jesus. If my life is free from heaven will be falling. When the se my Oh hallelujah. When the seash goes when we got the rang and Yeah. I'll be shout glory. Glory. Oh, my sh. Oh, when I see my sh. Oh, when I see all my [Applause] sh When the seash all I to be in the th one more time. Oh yeah. When the s Oh go my sh. Oh when the s go my sh I want to be in the [Music] number when the saints go mashing. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. You know, uh it's just like at a graduation, you wait for your name to be called and you start thinking about your move. When I go up there, I'm I'm going to be walking like this. You know, you think about all of that in your hand, in your mind. But then when they call you up, then you are frozen. You don't know what to take left or right. Praise the Lord. But it's not going to be there. You're not going to be like that on that day. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just sing this song. I'm one of them. I'm one of them that will go maring on that day. I'm one of them. Amen. There are people almost everywhere. [Music] [Music] Oh, everywhere has sh with the fire of tentacles and clings. Make the great head is burning down within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Through these people, the post of falling flame, they have all receive a tentacle baptiz in Jesus name. And I'm telling now, oh father and wis. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. Oh, one of them. Oh yes. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. They were g in the upper room of praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost, the powerful service came. And what he did for them that day, he will do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh yeah. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. Oh yes. I'm so tired that I can't say I'm one. Let's sing the last verse now. Oh my brother, seek this blessing that will keep your heart from singing and will stand the [Music] truth. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh yes. One of them. One of them. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You can't be one until he makes you one. Amen. Praise the Lord. Are you glad that you are one of them? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. You know, it's by grace that we are saved. Amen. Amen. It's by grace that we are saved. And our brother preached a wonderful message last night. Predestinated onto the quickening power. You can't help it. You have to be quickened. Amen. You can't help it. I don't I don't care how small you want to be. There is so much power in this word to quicken you. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can't help it. All uh all you have to do just just yield yourself. Say, Lord, here I am. Just like Mary, be it unto me, I call into your word. Amen. Praise. Praise the Lord. Let's sing this song. And uh uh which song was that? Amen. I just love the Lord. Amen. I just so love the Lord. Huh? Oh, you want us to sing that one? Okay. I don't know if we have have the song there, but uh uh a little chorus we we sent up u uh out there. He lifted me up. He lifted me up from the maring clay. He lift he lifted me up from the maring clay. He planted my feet on the king's highway. And that's the reason why I sing and I shout. Jesus came down, down, and he lifted me up. Oh, he lifted me up from the [Music] he and he planted my feet on the gates highway. And that's the reason why I sing and I shout. Jesus came down down down and he lifted me up. Oh, he lifted me up from the king and he planted my feet on the king's highway. And that's the reason why I sing and I shout. Jesus came down, down and he lifted me up. Oh, he lifted me up from the Mary and he planted my feet on the king's highway. Oh, that stories in one. I sing and I shout for Jesus came down down down and he lifted up. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. It just it's just a wonderful thing to worship the Lord. Amen. Amen. Such a good feeling. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. When you are just really pouring your heart out there in the game, we want to greet each and every one of you. Uh I see uh James back there. Welcome back. And uh how was it? It went well. Okay. She uh went to do her diary payment. But it looks like uh everything just swing around and they did the wedding. So uh congratulations. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Good to see you, Sister Miracle. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing God. It's a wonderful, wonderful thing. A wonderful, wonderful thing. [Music] Oh, what a Wonderful thing. Help every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ with me. Holy and joy with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful day. Oh what a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have to be paid and John with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful love is a wonderful thing. every wonderful man to be free from sin and have Christ with me to be paid and joy of Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonder. Let's sing it to the Lord one more time. What a wonderful thing. Every wonderful thing to be free from sin and have Christ with pain and joy with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful thing. Oh yes a wonderful thing. every wonderful thing. So be free from sin and have Christ with his glory end with Jesus my Lord. What a wonderful wonderful. You know every time we sing this song I I I've always struggled in my head. I want to I want to blend it with uh is Jesus on the inside working on the outside. And man, my tongue is too much in my mouth. I'm telling you. Amen. My tongue is too too much. It's hard to roll over. Amen. A good song leader will just roll the thing over. But I can do it. I can do it. You love the Lord this morning. Are you ready for the word? Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh if you were not here last night, let me tell you, if you follow the service online, you it was it was half of what you saw. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh brother brother Joe Adams is just such a free preacher, you know. And uh uh so let's let's just put on the gift this morning. Let's enjoy the word. I told him he has uh he has the whole day to preach. So, uh, if you have something to do, you're welcome to go. We'll stay to enjoy the word. Amen. Praise the Lord. He has the whole day to preach. So, uh, I, like he said last night, it took it took almost about, it should be close to about 10 years, you know, uh, at the time, Brother Wesley and Sister Carol was going to church there in Louisiana. And, uh, uh, we were trying to get him down here to come and preach for us, and we couldn't get him. So now we have him. Let's just squeeze everything out of him. Amen. It will not be easy. I can bundle him back and shape him tomorrow and just uh tell the wife uh he's coming back. All the members of his body is correct. He would just need good food to get strength. Amen. Amen. You love the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. I love him too much. Let's sing that. I love him too much to feel him now. I love him too much to fe him now. you much to break my vow. Oh, I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. Lord, I love you too much to fe you. Let's lift our hands. Yes, I love you too much to [Music] fing too much to break my vine. Help me Lord. I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. I love him too much to fe him. Now one more time. Oh, I love him too much. You feel him now. I love him too much to bring my vow. Yes, I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. I love him too much to [Music] feel. Yes, Lord is more than a song. No matter what we are going through, what we are dealing with, we can only love you because you first love us. take it from our heart this morning Lord as we go into the word Father no matter what comes Lord help us to fight let's stay with the word he's faithful he is faithful that have called us But Dan, you can bring Brother Joel. Let's sing this song. Uh uh this is the day the Lord has made. Brother Joel will just come right right into that and and uh bring the word this morning. Amen. I love him too much to feel him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] This is the day that the Lord has made and we will rejoice and be [Music] glad. This is the day. This is the vision that the Lord has me. Oh, I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his glory with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has me. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh yeah. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I am so glad. I will rejoice for he has made me [Applause] [Music] glad. Hallelujah. Are you glad this morning? Are you glad this morning? All right. Well, let's just go to him in prayer. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the opportunity you give us to serve you today, Lord. Lord, just to separate ourselves from the world, the things thereof, Lord, to come into your presence, Lord, with rejoicing, songs of adoration and praise. Lord, truly, you have made us glad, glad to be sons and daughters of God. So, we invite you today, Lord, just to speak words of life to us, Lord, for these next little while. May you just break the bread of life, Lord, as we yield our vessels to you, Lord, both the giving of the word and the hearing of the word, Father. May those that have ears to hear, may they hear what their spirit saith unto the church. We give ourselves to you this morning now, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, church. If you have your Bibles, we're going to look in a couple places this [Music] morning. We're happy to be here with you. Trust you come to have church. Amen. All right. I trust you come to have church. Amen. There you go. That's a little better. In the south, we get a little loud. I know I'm a little bit north, but that's okay. Hey, let's have church this morning. Romans 8, we're going to look here in verse 9. Romans 8 and verse 9. And if you streamed in last night for those that weren't here, we spoke on the power restored to the church. And we spoke on predestinated to quickening power. Today, I want to speak on power restored to the church, but you had to quicken. See, it's one thing to put it off in the predestinated moment, but now I want this to come personal to each of us that are here this morning. You had he quickened. Amen. So, Bible tells us in Romans 8 and verse 9, but you are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now, if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Now let's look in Ephesians 2 before we have you seated. Ephesians 2 and verse one. The Bible says, "And you have he quickened." Let's say amen to that. You, Brother West, good to see you this morning. And you had he quickened. Notice who were dead in trespasses and sins where in times past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince and the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom we all had our conversations in times past, in the lust of the flesh, to fulfilling the desires of the flesh, and in the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love wherewith he loved us even when we were dead in sins had quickened us together with Christ. And it says by grace you are saved. He has raised us up together and made us sit in heavenly places in Christ that in the ages to come he might show the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace you are saved and through faith and not of yourselves. It is a gift of God, lest any man shall boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God had before ordained to them that should walk in them. God bless you, church. We'll have you be seated. Want to look here at another scripture in Colossians 2 and verse 13. Kind of building this on scripture. I think it's the best thing that we can do sometimes is, you know, men can take quotes and I believe in the quotes, but I believe they can stack quotes in a certain way to kind of have a thought, but I think if you take the scriptures and put the scriptures the way a God ordained, anointed minister of the gospel can stack those scriptures, the scriptures are going to say the same thing because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's right. And we find in Colossians 2 and it says, "And you being dead in your sins and uncircumcision of the flesh, hath he quickened together with him." Notice, we're not quickened to a church. We're not quickened to a man's idea, but we're quickened together with him. And notice, having forgiven all of our trespasses. Oh, come on. That's should be a better amen than that. I don't see angel wings in this house this morning. And you notice he forgiven you all of your trespasses, blotting out the handwriting of ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us. And he took it out of the way. He nailed it to the cross. Every thought that you had, he nailed it to the cross. Every sinful act that you ever committed, he nailed it to the cross because he quickened us together with him. He took your sins. He took your shame and he nailed it to the cross, church. And he spoiled principalities and powers and he made a show of them openly, triumphant openly. Satan said he had a claim on you. But our God, he said, "No, before you ever had your hand on them, they belong to me. They were in my thoughts. They were in my plan. And I'm going to redeem them and quicken them." And he did it. What did he do? And he erased your sins. He blotted out the handwriting of ordinances against you. Amen. And I love what the Bible said. And he quickened us together with him. Amen. Amen. So he quickened Jesus, raised him up out of the grave, and it proved that he was delivered of the sin, our sins that were laid upon him. That's right. And if he had the same power to to raise him from the dead, who took our sins with him. And notice the Bible says that he quickened us also. Therefore, spiritually speaking, it means that he taken our sins off of us and quickened us to eternal life. Amen. Amen. The Bible says in 1 Peter 4, "For so must then as Christ has suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves likewise with the same spirit. For he that suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin." Amen. That he no longer shall live the rest of his life in the flesh to the lust of men, but to the will of God. So God's purpose and God's plan for our lives are not to live in sin. What does he say in Romans? Should we continue in sin that grace should abound? God forbid. God's desire is to have sons and daughters of God walking in harmony with his word. Amen. Then he also tells us here in Romans 8 and verse 28. For we know that all things work together for good to them that love God. To them who are called according to his purpose. How many of you are called this morning? Praise the Lord. called according to his purpose for whom he did forno. Now we spoke last night on predestinated to the quickening power. Remember this morning we're speaking about you have he quickened for whom he did forno he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. the firstborn, not the last born, not the least born, but the firstborn. Moreover, whom he did predestinate, to them he also called. To them, he and those that he called, he justified, and those that he justified, he also glorified. Otherwise, he's already given us the theophony body. Amen. Oh, church. That's where we're going back. Right. Amen. And in Romans 8 and verse 12, before we start really digging down into the message this morning, just kind of want to bring some uh some foundation with some scriptures. And Romans 8 and verse 12 says, "Therefore, brethren, we are debtors not to the flesh to live after the flesh. For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if you through the spirit do mortify the deeds of the body, you shall live. For as many are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Amen. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received the spirit of adoption, whereby we cry, aba, father. See, the spirit itself bear witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. And if children then hes of God joines with Christ is so be that we suffer with him, we shall also be glorified together. Amen. Now when we jump into the book of Leviticus and here in Leviticus 23, the Bible speaks about a wave offering or a wave sheath. And we find that here in Leviticus 23 and verse 9, the Lord spake unto Moses, and he said, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when you come into the land which I give unto you, you shall reap the harvest thereof, and you shall bring a sheep of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest, and you shall wade the sheep before the Lord to be accepted for you, and on tomorrow after the Sabbath the priest shall wave it." Now, brother Brandon would tell us in the rising of the sun, he said, "Now the sheath which was the first of your seed that was planted, when it comes up and ripened, he said you cut it down as a sheep and you take it to the priest and you let him take it and wave it before the Lord for your acceptance that you are accepted. You have come with your sheep and it's way before the Lord." Notice, not on the Sabbath, the seventh day, but on the first day, which is a su day. And he says, "Now it's no longer su n anymore. Now it's s o n day. That corn that first that came up, it died. It had to be buried into the ground, but it was waved over the congregation." He said, "And that we are his seed. That was the first seat of those that slept, waved upon the first day of the week. On a Sunday, he raised up." And brother B said he waved goodbye and he ascended on high. What was he doing when Jesus Christ came? He was the wave sheep that was waved over the people. He was waved over the Oh, he's waved over you and I even here this morning. What was he saying? He's saying there's going to be more that's going to come to maturity. There's going to be more just like me. Notice the Bible said he was the firstborn of many brethren. Oh church, he was desiring a family. He was desiring to have offspring. And I'm here to tell you, we're in Le Oysia. But that word is still propagating over a people. And God is still moving. God is still calling. God is still waving over the people. What is he doing? He's quickening the body. He's quickening the bride to a rapture. Come on, preacher. He's the wave offering. But he was making a declaration. There is going to be more to come. Oh, come on, little bride this morning. Notice what brother Brandham says here. He was the first son of God to come to full maturity to be in God. Speaking of Christ, he was plucked up from the earth and waved over the people. Oh, what a glorious lesson. Amen. By the quickening power, the first one. He had been tight many times. And he says, "We'll see later." He was tight. But this was really the first fruit of them that slept. He was waved over the promised seed that he had promised of life. Oh, I'm looking at promise seed this morning. Amen. I'm looking at sons and daughters of God. Satan swore he'd take you down. Satan swore you'd have his hand upon you. But I want you to know you're promised. And God has kept his hand upon you. When you should have been in an accident, God kept his hand upon you. When you should have died a long time ago, God kept his hand upon you. It's been God's hand waving across that promised the entire time. Why? Because God has got a word. And that word will not return to him void. But God is going to watch over that word. He's going to watch over that seed. Hallelujah. And he's going to make sure that that seed is going to come to fruition. It's going to come to full maturity. Amen. The firstborn of many brethren. That tells me church that we are quickened with him. Amen. Lord and what he was we are. What he did we will do. the same signs, the same wonders, the same anointing, the same word. What was in him is in us this morning cuz we've been quickened. Quickened together with him. Hallelujah. Amen. He was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. Promised seeds that have promise of life. Amen. Mama, that's me. Yes. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I say, "Mama, that's me." I didn't know I was se, but God knew I was seed. Some of us may have drifted in the world for years and years. I didn't come to know the Lord till I was 22 years old. I didn't know there was a seed on the inside. Oh, but God did. And God was watching over that seed. And one day, oh, hallelujah, a voice came in my car and said, "Turn your car around." I didn't know what was about to happen. But from that moment, I've never been the same. Not only did my car turn around, he turned my heart around. He turned my thinking around. God took me to see, brother and sister, and he turned me from unbelief to believing. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And I'm telling you, he's here today. Amen. To quicken that promise seat. Amen. He said the first time the sun rose in Genesis, it was bearing a message that there would be life on upon the earth, mortal life. But this time when the su n rose, there was a dual sun rising, another sun, s o n rising. Oh man, thank God for this message. Amen. You're not getting this kind of preaching in the Baptist church. You're not getting this in a Methodist church. No, it took a prophet to go back into the mind of God and bring out the very thoughts of God and bring it to a people, an end time predestinated CG people that was predestinated for quickening power. No more. Notice what he said. No more could botney life live back there without beginning without the su to bring it to life. No more than today when sons of God is upon the earth. It takes the s o n in life to bring them to eternal life. His chosen one that he knew before the foundation of the world. He had chosen them in the church. No, he had chosen them in a man. No, he had chosen them in a denomination. He had chosen them with a dogma or a creed. No, the Bible says he had chosen them in himself. That's right. Before the foundation of the world, before you ever came to an altar, before you ever walked through the doors of a church, God had already called you. God had already elected you. God had already chose you for this life. And can I tell you, brother, sister, if God ever chose you, he can't unchoose you. That's right. God ain't like trickle man. Amen. You know, us men, we choose based on looks, right? I know some of y'all, y'all tall and dark and handsome. I'm short, squatty, and cute. But when I was a little kid, when I was in elementary, how many of y'all played kickball in school? Okay, maybe some sport, some other soccer or something. When I was about that tall, I was about that wide. So, I was a little short fat kid. You know what? They don't pick short fat people first. Now, I was the last to be chosen. I was slow. I was fat. But you know what? God don't choose us based on that. Oh, come on, somebody. God don't choose us based on God is looking for that seed. God is call. He's going. and he's waving back and forth and he's coming up here to Minnesota looking for that seed. Does she have a seed? Does he have a seed? And if there's a seed there, God is going to quicken that seat by the word of God. And if there's a seed on the inside, a son of God can go a long time before he ever recognizes he's a son. But all one day, brother, sister, the eagle's going to scream across and quicken that son to life. Thank God he don't choose the way we choose. Ephesians 1 and verse three. Blessed be the God our father of our Lord Jesus Christ who had blessed us. Yes. Come on, good shepherd. You're here this morning, you're blessed. Amen. You got breath in your lungs, you're blessed. You got health in your body, you're blessed. You got children here, you're blessed. Come on. You're blessed. He's blessed us with all spiritual blessings. You got a desire to serve God. You're blessed this morning. Amen. Oh yes. Blessed with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ according as he had chosen us in him before the foundation of the world. But notice he didn't stop there. I like what Paul says that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. And I know when you woke up this morning, if you're like me or like any other man, you woke up and oh, you looked in the mirror, you didn't think, man, I am good-look. No, you didn't get in and go, "Woo, boy, you got it going on today." No. When you looked in that mirror, you said, "Man, there's a lot to work on. There's a lot to work on. You see your failures. You see your imperfections. You know your thoughts. You know your battles. You know your weaknesses. That's right. But what did God God don't see your weaknesses. God doesn't see your thoughts. God doesn't see your imperfection. God sees you through the blood. And he sees you the way he thought of you before the foundation of the world. God sees you perfect and he chose you and him to be holy without blame in love. In love for the word, in love for your brother, in love for the family of God. God chose you to love. God chose you in Christ. Amen. In Jehovah Gyra. Oh, let me back up. Question and answers 1959. I want to slow down on some of these points because these are powerful points. Before there was a world, you were in God's thoughts to give you the Holy Ghost. Praise the Lord. Oh, let's just let that settle for just a second. That brother said, "I can go all day today." It's all right. How many of you hungry? Don't raise your hand right now. This ain't no We just getting started. That's right. But before there was a world, you were in God's thoughts to give you the Holy Ghost. And if you got a desire this morning for the Holy Ghost, that shows there is a Holy Ghost here for you to fill you. If you got a desire to be right with God, if you got a desire to be quickened by God, there is a quickening power here that'll quicken you this morning. You don't have to go out the door the same way you walked in, but you can go out changed. You can go out filled. You can go out anointed. You can go out quickened by the power of God. Yeah. Don't you settle for a substitute. Don't you settle for a goosebump. Don't you settle for some emotion. You make sure you get the goods this morning. You make sure that you're quickened by the power of God. Amen. Woo. I'm having fun, brother. Notice try to do this as I open this water. There we go. See, because he knew you. Oh, I love this. I'm gonna back back up. Before there was a world, you were in God's thoughts to give you the Holy Ghost because he knew that you'd be wanting it. My my my my Oh, he knew deep down inside there would be a desire for that Holy Ghost, for that power, for that life. Oh, when Satan said, "You can't live above sin," God knew on the inside. He planted a seed there before the foundation of the world. And that seed will begin to cry out for God. That seed begin to search for God. That seed begin to wander. Lord, is it for me? And he knew that you would be wanting it. Therefore, God sent the Holy Ghost in this day to quicken that seed. Amen. Glory. Man, that'll make a Methodist shout, right? Amen. Oh, I love this. Jehovah Gyra. Jesus said, "You have not chosen me." I got to keep this mic in front of me, right? But I have chosen you. A lot of times we think, well, it's I chose God. I gave my heart to God. No, you only recognize you were chosen by God. Therefore, you heeded the call. But he says, "Now Jesus says, you have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. So, you're chos of the world, or you wasn't chose at all. You were chosen before the foundation of the world or you wasn't chosen at all. I want you to look around for a minute. Look at your brother. Look at your sister. You were chosen. How do you know, brother? Cuz you're sitting here this morning. Because if you wasn't chosen, there'd be no desire for the things of God. There'd be no desire for this word. That you'd be out there in some street. You'll be out there maybe in some bar doing what God knows what, but because there is a desire on the inside because God chose you. Right. God chose you because he knew you would want it. Brother Wes, Sister Herd, God knew he would want it. God knew he would make sacrifices for it. God knew and he knew what to place there. And God chose you before the foundation of the world. And he just Oh, I like this. Yeah. And he just come to redeem that name. Amen. Man, this is strong meat. That's right. He just come to redeem. Maybe you got family members and you wonder, "Why don't they see it? Why don't they understand it? Why don't it excite them the way excites me?" Have you ever thought he's only going to quicken? only gonna quicken only going to quicken those that were with him before the foundation of the world. Oh my. I don't say give up on praying for your family. But what I'm telling you is you can't make them bride, right? Oh, bride is a holy calling. Pride is a pre ordained for ordained position. God had saw you. God had chose you. You can't make somebody see what we see, church. But would you ever see this message? You can never unsee this message. It's the only thing that we can see. Why? Because we've been quickened not by the message, but by the messenger who sent the message. And I'm not referring to William Brandom. I'm talking about Jesus Christ. We have been quickened by that power, by that anointing. And once you have been quickened by that, you can't be unquakened. And you can't see nothing but the word. That's right. Oh, glory. Glory to God. And he just come to redeem that name. All those names that were on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world is the only ones that's going to be there. Amen. See, you were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. When the lamb was chosen, you were chosen with him. Amen. Man, this should make you go out happy today. I'm chosen in him. Right? Listen what he says in question and answers 1959. Isn't that wonderful? He loved you. He loved you before there was a world. He loved He knowed your nature. And some of us like, man, he know. He knows your weaknesses. He knowed your habits. He knowed all about you. what you was going to be. And the prophet of God said he when he looked over all the great universe as it was and he said, "I choose you." Right? Hallelujah, somebody. God looked at your weaknesses. God looked past your sins. God looked past your nature and God said, "I choose you." Thank you, Jesus. I choose you to be holy. I choose you to be righteous. I choose you to be a son of God. I choose you to be a daughter of God. I've chosen you. I've looked past your humanity. Amen. And I chose you anyway. And when God ever chooses, God don't un choose. It ain't does he love me, does he love me not? Does he love me? Does he love me not? One day he loves me, the next day not. No. God loves you every day. Right. Oh, hallelujah. And when he did that, he said he did it. He didn't. Notice before there was ever a speck of life, you were in the eternal. You were in the eternal with God when you received the Holy Ghost. Then because you become eternal because you have you were with God. You were part of God. Can you see what I mean? You as are as eternal as God is eternal. Oh my. You are as eternal as God is eternal. Amen. The Bible says, "Heavens and earth will pass away, but this word will not pass away." I like what he says. You know, brother, I spoke this the other night at the home church. I was speaking on forget not all his benefits. And he was talking about, I believe it was old Mo. Mo said he had a boss man and Mo couldn't read the Bible, but he toted his Bible with him. He toted it to work every day. And his boss man said, "Mose he goes, why you carry that Bible? You can't read." He said, "Boss, I believe I believe I believe it from the giver to the giver, and I believe the giver, too." He goes, "Oh, well, that's good, Mo." He says, "You know what, boss, man?" He says, "I'd rather be standing on this word than standing in heaven." He said, "Oh, Mo, that's a big statement." He says, "Why is that?" He said, "Because the Bible says heavens and earth will pass away, but this word won't pass away." What am I telling you, church? This is not going to save you. But when this becomes a living reality, when it becomes a word made flesh quickening you, church, you can stand there in the face of every adversity. You can stand there with every enemy attacking. And you know, no matter what gives and what goes, you're going to remain forever, church. When this world is burned up, when Satan is cast into the lake of fire, you and I will still be living. Why? Because we've been quickened by the word. Amen. We have been quickened. Amen. By the word. Amen. Listen what he says here in the church age. This is a sardanian church age. This is the record God hath given us eternal life. And this life is in his son. He that hath the son hath eternal life. Come on church. I'm going to get class participation. Amen. And he that hath not the son hath not life eternal. And those who had life were in him before the foundation of the world. They were chosen in him before the foundation of the world. See that great royal seed. Amen. That great royal seed Jesus Christ was planted. He died and that life that was in him came back through the wheat plant and is reproducing itself in multitudes of wheat seeds having the same life in them and being like the original because while the spirit they are of the original see that great royal seed now has come back because there's going to be multiple seeds multiple sons and daughters of God and now why can't he says now and he keeps going It says, "Now we can see why the redeemed bought back the original owner bride speaking the redeemed bride brought back by the original owner. She was in him as Eve was in Adam cannot ever have their names taken off the record." Amen. I don't think I said that correctly. That predestinated seed, those that were redeemed, those that were bought back by the original owner, that bride seed can never have her name erased off the record. You're just as eternal as God is eternal. So no matter what you face on this side of eternity, you're going to make it. Come on now. Did you hear me? I said you're going to make it. Can I say it like this? You've already made it. You've already made He's already seen you there. What he saying to Job? Job, where were you, Job? Where were you when the sons of God were shouting in the morning stars were singing? See, God already saw Job overcoming. And God has already seen this bride overcoming Leosia. He sees you dancing on streets of goat. He sees you worshiping. He sees you shouting. He sees why? Because he sees what man can't see. He sees the quickening power resting on that soul. Thank you, Jesus. God sees that. Amen. We just have to be reminded from time to time what God sees. And God sees you have I quickened. That's good stuff. Amen. Let me keep going. She is in the throne. This is still in church age. This is sort of seeing church age. They can't remove their names off the record. She is part of him. She is in the throne. She can never be judged. Everyone in the bride is a member of him. And he loses none. Oh man. This is so rich. Amen. He loses none. So can I tell you parents, don't worry about that child. All that the father has given me. Amen. All that the father has given me, they shall come unto me. If there is that seed there, look, you can pray and I want you to pray. I want you to believe. I want you to water that seed with thanksgiving and say, "God, thank you for my son. God, thank you for my daughter. God, thank you for my wife. Thank you for my husband. God, you keep watering it cuz in the right atmosphere, in the right service, with the right kind of praise, that seed, hallelujah, will come to life. It won't stay stagnant any longer. God's got a word over. He has a word. He has a word. He has a word. And that word is protecting that seed. Yes. Amen. And the message is the mark of the beast. Thank you. See, he if if he isn't infinite, then he isn't God. And if he isn't finite or infinite, he knows all things from the beginning. And so therefore he could elect not because he wanted to but because of his fornowledge. He let him know who would and who would not be. And the reason the entire church, every person that'll ever be in the rapture, their names were put on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Because God chose you in him. That's right. And God is coming. Brother Bam talked about a three-fold purpose. Yeah. So, I'm like bringing Christ down for the purpose of having to redeem a people to what? So that he can have a preeminence in a body to do what? To restore back to the kingdom that Adam and Eve fell from. And so what God did in this hour, church, don't make light of this message. This message is God coming himself or Christ coming himself to do what? to quicken that sin so that that there will be a people on earth again that he can have preeminent sin and that one day these bodies, these old decaying pest houses, we're going to step out of immortal or mortality and step into immortality. All the aches and pains we're going to leave behind. That brother will never have to worry about his back problems again. You'll never have to worry about your headache again. You'll never have to worry about the fear of cancer, the fear of sugar diabetes ever again. Why? because we're going to step out of these bodies and step into a glorified body. Amen. So, but before he can rapture a church, he has to first come to redeem, the elect of God, then he has to come, and he did that on the cross. Then he has to come and quicken that bride by the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Because it's not somebody else's message. There's only one message. That's right. There's only one seventh angel. There's only one Malachi 4. And the prophet tell us that that the the messenger of Malachi 4 and the re in the message of Revelations 10:7 are the same messenger. They are the same. He has a purpose to turn the hearts back and also reveal the word. Amen. Oh, and what is it? And when that seals are revealed, he said that's what turns the heart of the believer back to the faith. Amen. The opening of those seals, those mysteries, when you can look like John did and see your name in the book, that I always was. See, thank you, Lord. That dumb devil been lying to me all my life. But I looked over and I saw the book because no longer is it a closed book, church. We're the people of the open book. We're feeding. We're reading upon the open pages. We see where we come from and we see where we're going, church. Oh, God knows what he's doing in this hour. Amen. But notice what he says here. He was waved on the day of Pentecost when there came a sound from heaven like a m rushing mighty wind and he was waved over the people the Pentecostal people that was up at Pentecost waiting for the blessings to come and to be waved again. We realize in the last day what he did on the day of Pentecost as he waved over that group of people in the end time he's going to wave over another group of people. And it may be from Africa. It may be from Europe. It may be from America. But God is sending forth this word to do what? To wave over the people to call out that elected and to quicken the elect of God. Thank you, Lord. This is God's doing, not man's doing. So last year, I was over on a little bitty island called Maitius. How many of you familiar with Maitius? Some of you may be. was a little bitty island in the middle of the Indian Ocean. Little bitty dot. You got You have to zoom up. Zoom up. You won't find it on the globe. You'll find it on maybe GPS. But on that island, there's 500 believers. Wow. Hallelujah. There's two churches, message churches on that island. I preached a youth meeting, youth camp there last year. And on Sunday morning, we had over 500 believers in attendance on a little bitty island. Wow. Then there's an island just north of it called Rodri Island. And there's two churches with 40 people in each church. And it is a very sliver of an island. What am I telling you? I'm telling you that God knows where his seeds are. And God is determined. I'm going to quicken my seed. I don't care where they are. If it's a little island in the Indian Ocean, if it's in Minnesota, if it's in Louisiana, if it's in Europe, it doesn't matter. I'm going to make sure that I quicken that elect of God. They're going to hear this message and they're going to come to the reality that they always was a son of God. Thank you, Jesus. And he was he's waving. That's what this message is. He's waving over the people again. Bring it to your understanding that you was never a dog turned into a sheep. You were never a pig turned into a sheep, but you always was a sheep, church. And because you were sheep. That's right. The Bible says, "My sheep hear my voice." That's right. Oh, they hear a lot of voices, but they know that that voice is only the voice that's going to bring them protection. Amen. There's a lot of preachers out there. There's a lot of denominations out there. Oh, but there's only one true voice. Amen. and my leg, my sheep will hear that voice. Who is the son of man? In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And if all the teaching that we have and the confirmation of the word of God, by the word of God, by signs, by wonders, we see today, he's over in Luke. He said, we just quoted it, the Luke the 17th chapter, 30th verse in Malachi 4. the different scriptures that we have we are acquainted with that the word again is waved over the people that the dead traditions of man is dead and the son of God is alive again with the baptism of the holy spirit right among us and giving us life. Amen. Giving us life. You know the Bible says let everything that has breath praise the Lord. Amen. So in order to have breath, you must have life. Life. So there's only one people that we can excuse from praising the Lord. That's a dead man. Yeah. I don't see any of y'all laying on the floor dead. Yeah. Come on now. I don't see any of y'all not breathing. Y'all are looking at me. Some of y'all are smiling. Some of y'all are sleeping. But you're still alive. Come on, brother. But what am I telling you? The Bible says, "Let everything that has breath, let everything that has life." Can I say it like this? Let every son of God, let every daughter of God that's been quickened by this word, don't you sit there dead as a door knock, but you rejoice in this word because God has quickened you to life. He's quickened you more than just this mortal life, more than just going to a job. More than just going to a school, more than just coming to a church, but he's quickened you to come in a rapture. He's quickened you and set your place at the marriage supper of the lamb. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. And the message is waving over the people. Tonight, I gave my heart to the Lord. I'm just breaking off. I'm preaching by inspiration. Glory to heaven. The night I gave my heart to the Lord, I was trying to commit suicide. I didn't grow up in a message home. I didn't grow up in a church home. I didn't grow up knowing the Baptist creed. Oh, I begin to search out when I was about 19 or 20. But the night I gave my heart to the Lord, I was driving 120 miles an hour and I was trying to pull my car in a ditch because I didn't want to live, Brother Juan. I didn't want to keep going through the hurts and pain that I was feeling. But in the middle of my darkness, there was a voice spoke into my car. The one that said, "Turn your car around." Praise God. I kept going. Oh, that's just me. And it thundered out again. Turn your car around. See, I didn't see seed. I didn't see life. But God looked past my hurts. God looked past my pain. God looked past all the sin that I committed, the life that I was living. God was looking down at a seed and he said, "If I don't do something with that seed, Satan's going to get a hold of it." But let me tell you, he said in his word, there's a word that goes over that seed. I will not lose none. I He came down on a Friday night and got a hold of that seed and anointed that seed and quickened that seed. Oh, I drifted in the Baptist church for a while. I drifted in the Pentecostal church for a while. But oh, if there's ever a seat on the inside, Satan thought he had me when I was in the world. But God got a hold of me and turned my life around. And he thought he had me when I was in denomination. But let me tell you, God said, "I got a claim on that seat and it brought me to the message. He brought me to the word. And now he's allow he's allowed me to preach this gospel. Don't give up on your loved ones. God knows what he's doing with the seed. Yes. God knows exactly what he's doing. Yes. And he knows exactly when to quicken. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. As Christ was the first one to rise from all the prophets and so forth. He said though he's tight many places, he was the first fruits of those that slept in that slept in the ground. He says, "In the bride coming of Christ," notice, coming out of the church, there'll have to be a sheath waved again in the last days. He's talking about your coming, the bride coming. Yeah. Of Christ. See, the waving of the sheath, what was a sheath? Their first one that came to maturity. Their first one that proved that it was wheat. That proved that it was a sheath. And he said, notice here, this is in the rising of the sun. And for the first time, there will come forth for the bride age, a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message. Yes. Oh, come on, brother. Come on. Oh, we're recipients of that message. And that message has a purpose. It ain't to leave you where he found you, but God has sent you that word to pull you out of that lifestyle that you were living. Notice what he says now. There will be a message that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed are your eyes. Amen. For they can see what others can't see. Blessed are your ears for they're able to hear what sages and great men have longed to hear. Billy Graham would love to hear this message. TD Jake would love to hear this message. But you can only hear this message when your heart has been turned, when your life has been quickened. Oh, you may hear Brother Brandon, you may hear William Brandom. You may hear this thought of this sermon or this that and the other, but you'll never truly hear the message of the hour until your heart has been turned, until that seed has been quickened. Amen. So the waving of the sheath, notice now he says there will be a message come that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and it's being waved over to people by the same size, the same wonders that he did back there. Amen. And can I tell you, we are the people. Amen. We are the people that have come to m the full maturity of the word. Church, we're not waiting for another generation. We're not waiting for another messenger. We're not waiting for another church age. We have arrived. Notice with the full the coming of the full maturity by the message. What does it do? It restores full power back to the people. Godmen. And you're telling me we got the full word of God, the restored word of God, and we're a powerless group of people. No. No. You telling me God doesn't hear our prayers. You're telling me we cannot lay hands on the sick anymore? You telling me we don't believe in altar calls? We don't believe in prayer lines. We don't believe in those things. We don't believe in the signs and wonders because we have the revealed word. If we have the revealed word, then we have the full word. And with the full word based on your prophet's quote, then we have full power again. Then we can act in hisstead. What he did, we do. Amen. How he live, we shall live. That's right. Notice because I live, he says, you shall live also. was speaking of his wife, because I live, you should live also. He said, what a resurrection that was and what a resurrection this is to be quickened from the dead to be made alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. Amen. Amen. See, God has been waiting. God has been waiting for you to come on the scene. That's true. See, some of you thought you wasn't worth anything. Some of you thought, "Well, I'm just here. I'm just, you know, I'm in Minneapolis. I've just landed here. And no, you didn't just happen to be. God knew before the foundation of the world where to place you. Amen. And God has been waiting for you to come to full maturity of God. Amen. Not man's interpretation of it, not man's ideas of it, not the message creeds that are floating around, not messes doctrines out there that are off base, but God has been waiting for a bride to come to full maturity. that that same sheet that was waved on the day of Pentecost is waving again today. Amen. Let me ask you, when's the last time y'all stumbled out of here like drunk men? Oh, brother Joe, stop all that. The Bible says on that day when that wave sheath was waved in, they staggered out like drunk men and women. That's right. That's right. It was only 9:00 in the morning. It's 12:30. Y'all should be good and awake by now. But when's the last time anybody accused you of being drunk in the spirit? What am I telling you? I'm not telling you that to get you emotional, but I'm telling you that because why? Because for so long, we put the fear of Pentecostalism out of the church. But God is coming for that same ride, that same word. And he's waving that word over again today. And what they did, we do, church. How they act in the same Holy Ghost will make us act the same. You may get beside yourself. You may do things you didn't think you would do, but just allow the Holy Ghost to quicken that seed. Thank you, Jesus. I was in a church last weekend at some meetings in Kentucky, and this church is just really coming into revival, and they handed over the mic to me, Brother, and I'm not a song leader, but they handed a mic over to me at the end of the service, and they were just primed for worship. They've been hungry. They've been wanting to cut loose. My daughter was on the piano. We had a couple other singers from our church up there singing and man, it just the atmosphere got right. Yeah. You ever been in that atmosphere where it's just right, man? Like you just want to jump and shout and you just can't contain yourself. Some of you don't know what I'm talking about. I know I'm in the north, I know I'm in the north, the frozen north, but that's all right. We're going to defrost this morning. But there was a young brother. He was about 20some years old. And he come through the prayer line, brother Juan, with a list in his hand, needs that he had need of. And he come through and brother Andrew Spencer prayed with him. We were all praying together. And they handed me the mic at the end of the service. And I like to worship. I can't sing. My daughter sing. They play piano, do all that. But I love to worship. I like to get them worship fingers going and encouraging the people. Let me tell you people, don't just sit there. Don't just stay there. No. But you get up and begin to shout and praise God. and we begin to worship and the atmosphere got hot and I spoke that young man's name and out of that pew he went and he be to run right around the entire church. He never had done that before he it was against his character. It was against his nature. But when I'm telling you when that great power come when the anointing of the Holy Ghost come and God reveals to you that you always was a son of God and that I got your knees in my hand. Let me tell you, you may run around this building this morning. You may jump. You may shout it don't matter but let the winds of Pentecost let it blow over. Let the way she blow over again church. Let us have a wonderful time in the house of God. It's his word. It's his anointing. And you have been chosen to be quickened. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory to God. Glory. Chosen to be quickened. Amen. Listen what he says here. He said then there must come on the scene in this age those who will bring the wheat and tears to maturity. The tears are already maturing very fast under corrupt teachers who turn to people from the word. But the wheat also must mature. You know if you look in the field you have tears and you have wheat. Amen. And when it rains, and it hadn't rained in so long, and it finally rains, the Bible even speaks of it. The tears raise their hands and worship. You telling me you as a predestinated wheat plant can't even be a tear. You telling me that a tear can out worship the wheat? Come on now. that a tear has no place in the family of God, has no promise in a resurrection, but can rejoice when the winds of the spirit begin to move and the rain of the Holy Ghost begins to fall down that they can rejoice in the Baptist church. They can shout in a Pentecostal church and we got the word pride. We got the anointing of the Holy Ghost and we're sons of God, wheat seed of God. And when the anointing of the Holy Ghost falls, we just sit there. Oh no sir, not on my watch. No sir. We have been called to worship God and everything as born of the spirit of God. Don't be ashamed to worship. Don't be ashamed to praise God. This is time. He desires worship. He desires us that worship him with spirit and in truth. We don't just worship from emotion. We worship because we got the word in this hour. The word is what creates the excitement. That's right. Amen. If we didn't have this word, it was all emotion. I didn't sit down. But we got the revealed word, the open book. Thank you. And it's no longer in the hands of God. But he handed it down. Amen. Revelations 10:8. Handed the book to you. That's right. Now you got to eat the book. That's right. You got to prophesy again. You got to let the word flow from your life. Yes. If it's happening, church, we got every right to rejoice. got every right to praise God. Don't let the devil shut out your praise. Well, somebody's going to look at you. Well, let me tell you what. Get a good look. Take a picture. Better yet, take a movie because I'm going to dance. Don't be ashamed. Of all the people that God could have chose in Minneapolis, he chose you. Amen. Of all the people, he looked past your sins, looked past your weakness, looked past your nature, looked past your failures, and he still chose you. I said, you got a right to worship him. You got a right to praise him. Oh, hallelujah. He said, "Well, brother Joe, that's just a little too loud. It's too loud." Brother had a friend one time said, "Billy, I was down there hearing you preach and it was all good, but man, and when they got to screaming everything, he says, "Woo!" ran chill bumps through my back. He said, "Brother," he goes, "This is the quietest place you're going to ever be." Amen. He goes, "When we get on the other side, there's going to be rejoicing and hallelujah." He says, "If you go to hell, there's going to be weeping and wailing and nashing the teeth." Let me tell you, church, you better change decide what side you're on this morning. I'd rather give a praise and a shout and an amen to God than a weeping and a wing down there cuz I missed my opportunity. Let me tell you, God is here to quicken that word. And it deserves an amen. It deserves a shout. It deserves a hallelujah. It deserves a praise. My God. He called me. He chose me. He anointed me. He elected me. I can't fall. I can't fail. I won't move. I'm going in a rapture. [Applause] Because God done it. Amen. And God is coming this hour to quicken that predestinated seed. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Let me keep going. I need another two weeks here. My wife may not like it though. 2 Corinthians 3 and verse 6. Bible says, "Who also hath made us able ministers of the New Testament." Yeah. Not of the letter, but of the spirit. Amen. I was trying to bring that out last night. I was so grateful for Brother Juan coming up behind us and kind of sharing the thought. We believe teaching has its place if it's anointed teaching. Amen. Because it places you Yeah. on the foundation of the word. Right. But we have a today we have a lot of men who just because they're intellectual, they can take the Bible and they can look at the concordance and they can search out different thoughts in the message table app and bring a bunch of quotes together and make it say stuff. And let me just say that some of it may be even good stuff. Yeah. But if it's not inspired, if it's not anointed, stay away from it. Notice what he says. We have been quickened or we've been made able ministers of the New Testament, not of just the letter, but of the spirit. For the letter killth, but the spirit gives life. And in John 4:4, God is a spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and truth. The truth is the word. Amen. So our worship church is not just in emotionalism. It's not just with the excitement of the spirit, but it's based on the reality of the word that God has opened our eyes. God has given us a revelation of who we are and who he is and where we came from and hallelujah, where we're going. That's right. My praise the Lord. John said, "Everything in heaven heard John." Think about it. John had 24 elders, great men around him. And those men were not able to take the book, even to look on the book. There was no lamb. There was nothing found worthy. But the lamb came out from around the throne. And the Bible says that John looked to see a lion and he saw a lamb. But when that lamb took the book and he broke those seals, church, what did John say? John saw his name in the book. He looked beyond the curtain of time and he saw himself there. And if I can get you this morning to look past your failures and look into the opening of the word, you'll see your your origin. You'll see your where you're going, church. It lays in the opening of the word. It's giving you a reason to shout. God wasn't ashamed because he was around 24 elders. John begin to shout. John be to release all this excitement. Everything in heaven, everything in earth, everything in the sea, everything's hearing me, John, on a Sunday morning worship my God. Because now, now I know I've been redeemed. I've been quickened by the word. Thank you, Jesus. Been quickened. Brother tells us in the rising of the sun, he said this a little story that he talks about two Cadillacs. He said, "We're going back to Tucson this afternoon. Each of us have a Cadillac brand new." Now, listen how he describes the Cadillac. How many you like Caddies? Nobody in there drives Cadillac. Okay, that's fine. I like a link myself, but that's okay. He said, "All the seats were made out of do skin, softest of leather, soft and easy to sit in. The floor b floors were plush. The steering wheel was nickelplated and diamond studs all over it. The engine was mechanically tested to be exactly the right engine. And the wheels and the bearings all greased up. Excuse me. The tires are all puncture proof and blowout free. And all have been tested scientifically. And they've been pushed off the assembly line. Both of them, both of them filled up with gasoline. Now he's talking about two churches. Both of them filled up with gasoline. That's the running power, the gasoline, because it is the octane. But now when you're going to start them, although both of them look just alike, both of them there, he says one of them don't have a spark or any firing power. He says, you say, well, the power is in the gasoline, brother Brandham. He goes, I don't care how much power is in the gasoline, unless there's a spark there to manifest that power. Unless there's a power there to confirm that that is gasoline, it just as might as well be water. So no matter how much to live the theologians, how well they can get you in your church and how much education you got and how much you know the Bible until that wave sheet until the Holy Ghost comes upon that person, the quicken that word, the gasoline represents the word. It's the truth. But without the spirit, it won't move. That's why we got to have the spirit in this day. We got to have the spirit at Good Shepherd Church. Amen. It's great that we got gasoline. We got to have spark. Yeah, that's right. We put too much. Listen. Amen. We put too much stress on the mechanics and nothing on the dynamic. This is in 1965. And we're thinking, man, Pentecost, look at Pentecost back in 1965. They were emotional people. But here a prophet says we put too much on the the mechanics and church that's what we've done as a message community. We don't put too much too much focus on the mechanics of the message studying everything the prophets said become intellectual theologians. Our kids even they they don't even have an understanding of a full revelation of the word. They can out debate Baptist probably Baptist preachers on the message doctrine because they're taught in Sunday school. They're taught in church. They taught all the mysteries. They taught the seals. They know who the messengers are. They know all these things. They know great understanding. But what am I telling you? That's just gasoline. That's just G. We got to have a spark in the body. And that spark is quickening power. It's the quickening power of the spirit that excites that word and gets the car moving down. Amen. He goes, "So, listen." Eagles goes, "I'm so glad there's a 10,000 octane power of the word of God, the Holy Spirit to light it up and to resurrect the power of God in a man's life, a woman's life, or into a church that shoved that Cadillac down the road under under the dynamic power of the Holy Spirit, which came back and was waved over the people on the day of Pentecost, making him the same yesterday, today, and forever." Then he goes on, he said, "There's been churches, churches, brides, brides." He says, "But there has to come one." There has to come a real bride. There must come one that's not only got the mechanics. Hear me, church. Don't just go through the formality of being a believer. Say, "Well, I believe God sent a prophet and I believe the message." You got to make sure that your life toes the the line that you've been anointed with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And you know that you know that you know it's not a hope so. It's not a guesswork, but you know that your desires have been changed. Your nature has been changed. Your life has been changed. And if you're going down the wrong road, it's not too late to turn around today and say, "God, quicken me by that power." Thank you, Jesus. Amen. There has to come one. Amen. There has to come a real bride, church. Think about where we are in lie of the seven continuous visions. Think about where we are with modern events made clear by prophecy. We just had a pope come out of America. Now, that wasn't part of the seven visions, but yet it was spoken about by your prophet, right? Yes, it was. And now that pope's on the throne. Then you got every other one. There's a car right now called the Way Mo there in in LA, right? I was right behind it. Last time I was out in LA and it's a car. Brother Ram talked about this car that has like a bubble top on the top of it and it's shaped like an egg. And if you pull that Whimo car up, it's got a plastic piece on the top and it's got lidar and radar and it's spinning around. And he said you can almost like plugging it into your phone. So your prophet already saw your Apple phone, your Samsung phone, your smartphone plugging that coordinates in and taking you driverless car taking you wherever you want to go. So we got the car, we saw the lady dressed in purple and Camala Harris. We seen all these things. Look church, we're right on the verge. And if all these things can be in place, what about the bride? Where is she in? What position is she in? God sent you a message to prepare you for the change. We're on the cusp of a body change. Don't be getting lukewarm. Don't get complacent with just going through lay of sin, with just living life. Don't just live life. Live the gospel life. Live anointed life. Live for Jesus Christ. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Oh yes. Amen. Hallelujah. There has to come a real bride. There must come one that's not only got the mechanics. Well, I got long hair. That's great. There's a lot of sinners out there with long hair. I got long hair and I got this and I don't wear makeup and I don't wear earrings and I don't wear all these things at the world. Big deal. But what's your heart, right? Are you doing it because it's a form of godliness? because it's what we taught in the message becomes our message theology is it becomes our Christianity it's our covering it's just what we do in message churches but what about personally personally meeting Christ I'm talking about you have he quickened that's the purpose of it church is to quicken to make alive you that were dead in sins and trespasses that was headed to a devil's hell God is here to quicken that life. Thank you, Lord. To bring you resurrection power. Where you couldn't overcome it, he's going to overcome through you. Where you had the desires for these things, God is going to come in and he will completely eradicate those desires out of your life and give you a hunger and a thirst for the things of God. The Bible says, "Blessed is he that doeth hunger and thirst for righteousness, for he shall be filled." Oh church, if that hunger is in your heart today, I don't care where you was at last night. I don't care where you was at last week. I don't care where you've been going. If that's in your heart this morning, you can be filled. You can have that hunger quized by the power of God. Hallelujah. He says until, listen now, they move into the power of the resurrection. Until we come to that place, until we find that place, what good does it do to polish the hubs? Now, back home, we have some sections of town and they have junk cars in their driveway. You know, they don't have the money to fix them, I don't guess. But you know what they do? They get out there. It's just a carol. They proud of their junk. Polish them hubs up every Sunday. Wash that car. It ain't moved in a month, but they out there every Sunday. They wash that car. They wax that car. They clean up them hubs. That car ain't going nowhere. It's broke. And they ain't got the money to fix it. Well, I'll tell you, we are not broke, church. We got the money. Our father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. And if you got a need this morning, he knows how to supply that need. Amen. He said, "But until we come to that place, what good is it just to polish the hubs? The car ain't going to run." What good does it do to give it a faceelift or a simmonized job? That's a wax job. When there's no dynamics in it, no matter how much of the mechanics prove to be right, there's got to be the dynamics to make it work. Amen. Amen. I want the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. Now, I don't always preach like this. Sometimes I'll teach, sometimes I'll preach, sometimes I'll I'll evangelize. But no matter what aspect, no matter who's preaching, I want the dynamics. Amen. Cuz I'm making sure when I'm sitting there, I'm running everything through the mechanics of it. I'm running everything through the filter of the prophet, through the filter of the message, through the filter of the Bible. But I don't want to just run things through the filter and not have it anointed. Amen. I want it quickened to me. I want the word quickened to me. I want when he says in Isaiah 53 that by my stripes you are healed. I want that quickened to me. I when I face death, I want to know that I'm a child of God. I don't have the fear where I'm going because I'm going in a body change. I'll be at the the wedding supper of the lamb. Notice there's a scripture here and it says in Ephesians 5:27 that God says he goes that he might present himself a glorious church not having spot, wrinkle or any such thing that she should be holy without blemish. And he said that's what Easter proved. So Easter is resurrection. See that's what Easter proved. That he wasn't only the word but he was God himself. The dynamics in the word. We want the word church. We don't have a message without the word. Amen. But we also don't have a message without the spirit. Right? Because if you have without the spirit, all you have is man's interpretations of this. And we've seen what the interpretations of man has done. Now through the years, we've seen men who used to preach this message through their mental capacity. And those men are no longer serving God and their families are broke up and their families are out in the world. See, we don't want that. We want anointed sons of God. Amen. Now, if I came to the house of God this morning unprepared, would y'all be disappointed? I didn't take any time to study. I didn't think about it. I didn't say one prayer for this service. You'd be like, man, that's a disappoint that little sold off nothing. Be like, well, how dare him come all the way up here, waste our money to get him here. He didn't even try to study. You'd be disappointed, wouldn't you? Yeah. Okay. Now, let's flip that back on y'all. Yeah. Right. I've spent the last several days fasting and praying and studying and believing and trusting, seeking God for direction. And when we come into the house of God as ministers of the gospel and the people sit down on us and don't give an amen. They don't see they're in they're invested into it. You expect us to put into the sermon. What about you putting into the sermon? What about you saying amen to the word? What about you saying yes, Lord? That's for me, Lord. Don't leave me where you found me, Lord. I'm putting into the service. I'm getting the benefit out of it. I'm participating in it. So, there's many times that we as ministers, we get disappointed in our people because y'all expect so much out of us that, oh, you don't want us to expect anything. Don't you shake me. I'm having a good sleep, Brother Joe. Leave me alone. Well, you're having a sleep on the wrong preacher. I told brother one last night I have preached to four people just like I'm preaching to you this morning. It don't matter to me. I'm going to look past your faces. But I tell you what, if you expect some if we're talking about Jehovah God Hills, he has come and waved over people in this end time. We expect a ministry that carried the anointing, that carry the word, then we also should expect the congregation to receive that anointing and receive that word. That's right. Say yes, Lord. It's for me. It's for my family. [Music] I'm not just coming to polish it up. I'm not coming just to to give it a wax job. I want the dynamics of the Holy Ghost. You should start praying for every service. Lord, feel Brother Juan. Speak to Brother Juan. Use Brother Herald. Oh, whatever you got to do, speak to us. Begin to pray. Begin to fast. Begin to believe God. Call God on the scene. And when you call God on the scene, he'll quicken. He'll quicken that word to you. That's right. He'll quicken. It won't be a boring service. Hallelujah. Had a brother the other day. I was up in Kentucky preaching and uh it's actually my daughter's fiance, her husband now. It's his granddad. He's a Baptist guy, wonderful brother, nice fella. uh in the 70s and they came to hear me preach on Sunday morning and I got lively kind of like I'm doing right now. I done pulled people out of the audience and I had them preaching with me. Anybody want to come over with me and preach right now? Everybody like no ain't got when I pulled this brother out of harness and I was doing Peter and John at the lame man at the gate of beautiful there and that brother at the end of it he he he went and told his son which is a good friend of mine he said man my dad he said he really enjoying the service he said there ain't no way you sleeping on that guy he goes I was afraid he was going to call me out I was afraid he was going to come get me and walk me around the church and he he's not even a member of that church so I don't there. But what did Easter prove? Easter proved a resurrection. Yeah. That quickening power, the same quickening power that was in Christ is the same quickening power that's here this morning. It's the same word. Notice he being the groom. Let's see how much time I got. I know you told me to take my time. I'm I'm about to start trying to find a place to bring this down, though. He Notice now. He being the groom, the bride has to come forth. the bride. Mama, that's me. Mama, that's me. Are you see yourself in the mirror of God's word? Amen. Notice what he says. He being the groom, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him. It can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations. any others that has spoke of the bride. It can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. Then it isn't the bride. She is flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power of his power. She is him. Hallelujah. If you don't get nothing else out of this message this morning, I just want that to quicken to you right there. She is him, mama. That's me. That's me. I'm him. What he was, I am. What he did, I do. He said, the works that I do, shall you do also, and greater works than these shall you do because I go unto my father. And he told us, he goes, I go to prepare a place for you. If it wasn't so, I would have told you. Let me tell you, God has got the place ready. and all he's waiting on us for this bride to come to full maturity of the word. And when she does, brother, the prophet of God would tell us here, let me just let me find that and get there real quick. This is a powerful quote. Oh my goodness. Amen. Oh, I got to find where it was at. Let me just paraphrase it. He said, "The church doesn't know their position." Oh, but when the church recognizes her position, and she will one of these days, he said, "Then the rapture will go." What am I telling you, church? We're no longer in the dark. We're no longer questioning, wishing and probing. The book has been opened. The seals have been loosed. We know who we are. We know the word. We've been anointed. We've been quickened. The bride recognizes it's almost going home time. And when she does, hallelujah. You can't change his body by some man's intent to delay, but it's going to be changed by the quickening power of the word of God. And there ain't enough devils. There ain't enough diseases. There ain't enough failures that can keep this body down. Oh, this body's going to change. This bride is going to rapture cuz quickening power is here. I said quickening power is here. It's here this morning to quicken you from unbelief to believing. Amen. Amen. God will have a bride. And that's what Easter proved. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Mechanics and dynamics. The predestinated one, of course, like the seed laid upon the earth, the one that had life in them. Many of them were dead. There's many people that are dead. But there are some predestinated seeds out there that's got life. Oh, and that word begins to blow across that seed. It's like that eagle story he tells. He go down there. A little egg hatched hatched out in a chicken yard. He know he looked different. He didn't pluck pluck pluck pluck pluck around. They ate out of the stuff. He's like, "Man, I can't eat this stuff. It just ain't in me." One day, church. Mama Eagle. come screaming over and he looked like that don't look like that. And he got in front of that mirror. Brother Wine, he looked mama. Hallelujah. Mama, I look like that. What do the eagle screamed? The meshes blew across his and he realized right then I wasn't born for this chicken yard. How do I get up there? Mama said, "Take that old and new testament and begin to flap your wings and believe and thus sayeth the Lord and believe it quickly power and believe and I'll lift you up on eagle's wings." The mechanics and the dynamics, the eternal log goes, we bring it to a close. Musicians, make your way back. Y'all about preach me to death. I could stay a little bit longer and preach the other half of this, but brother, I ain't got no energy. Amen. Amen. Listen what he says here. Now that dirt would lay there in the sun. This old su and say notice the dirt say oh this sun is hot. Y'all know nothing about hot here. How about froze when I got off the plane? I'm like my goodness I didn't prepare for this. Back home it's 97 degrees. Sister Carol, brother Wes, y'all remember those days? You walk outside feel like you don't bathe yourself in a shower and it's just the sun. And you see he says the dirt will say, "Oh, the sun is hot." The rock will say the sun is hot. Oh, but that little seed says that's just what I'm looking for. He knows it's got to get hot on a Sunday morning in the house of God to quicken that seed to life to create the right kind of atmosphere. And it begin to spring forth like he said he quickened that part of the dirt because why? The son was not sent to quicken the rock, not sent to quicken the dirt. It was only sent to quicken the sea. Amen. Amen. And as I close, the eternal logos of God was manifested in the sun. And in Jesus dwelt in all the fullness of the godhead bodily, eternal one was the father made manifest in flesh, thereby gained the title of son. Even so we eternal in the thoughts in the term in in our term became to many members spoken word seed manifested in flesh those eternal thoughts now manifested in flesh are the sons of God even as we are socalled. Oh yes. Now listen to this last part of this quote. We did not become seed by the rebirth. We were seed. Therefore, we can be reborn. Amen. For only the elect can be reborn. Amen. Because we were seed is a reason we could be quickened. Thank you. Cuz in nonseed, yes, there's nothing to quicken. Yes. Because we were because we are seed. Because we are seed this morning, church. That's why you can hear the message and not just hear it, but you can hear it. You can receive it because you are seed. You can be reborn. And maybe you with every head bowed this morning just for a few minutes. Maybe you're here this morning. You don't have the Holy Ghost. You know that you've never been quickened yet. And if that's a desire you would have, you have a promise in the word. Repent. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. and you shall receive quickening power. You shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. There'd be one here this morning that just lift your hand said, "Brother Joe, that's what I need. I need that assurance. I need the Holy Ghost in my life. I need the absolute. I need to know that. I know that. I know that. I know. Not just know the message, but know the author of the message. I want the quickening power to quicken me this morning." Father, you see the hands that were lifted. You see the hands that were lifted, Lord, all across the building this morning, sons of God, daughters of God, recognize the Lord, they need more. Lord, I just pray this morning, Father, as we spoke about predestinated unto quickening power last night. And Lord, you tell us this morning, Father, that you have he quickened. Father, you told me to tell the church that they've been quickened this morning. We don't have to stay the way we came in, God. We can walk out different. We can walk out, Lord, with an anointing of the Holy Spirit, the assurance in our hearts, Lord, to know that our life has been completely rewrote, Lord, by the hand of God, just pinning, Lord, the thoughts that you had of us before the foundation of the world. Lord, I pray this morning, Lord, for every hand that was lifted. You would deal with that heart even right now, Lord, in this service, there'd be such an atmosphere, Lord, they begin to cry out to you, Father. They begin to repent, Lord, begin to to pray and call upon you, Lord. Change me, God. I walked in one way, Lord, but I want to walk out changed. I want to walk out quicken, Lord. I want to walk out with the assurance, Lord, that I've been changed by the anointing of the Holy Spirit in the preaching of the gospel. Grant it this morning, Father, touch your children, Lord, we pray. Yes. We ask your Holy Spirit to have its way today, Father, in Jesus name. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. If you desire prayer this morning, we'll be glad to pray with you. Don't leave this place the same way you came, church. There's an atmosphere. He's here this morning. He's here to change you. He's here to give you that assurance. Every hand, every need, he said, "I'll supply my God." This could be your service. This could be your moment, your breakthrough right here, right now. This moment where there be somebody that would step out of the house and said, "I need I need a touch. I need a touch this morning. I don't want to I don't want to go home the same way I came. Just come to the altar. Let's talk it over with him this morning. He's here, church. The atmosphere is here. It's not You're not feeding on on a man, but you're feeding on the body word of the son of man. You're feeding on not Joe Adams or or bloat wine, but you're feeding on Jesus Christ himself, the word made flesh. God bless you J. Great of [Music] heaven. Sh. Feel my cup I come and wait your soul. Oh bread of heaven, give me [Music] our God and meost. Yes, my cup of Lord. I lift it up. I can desire of my soul. Bread of heaven. Jesus feed him. [Music] Yes, my God. Fill it up and make me. Oh bread of heaven, bread of heaven, feed me till I walk. Oh, every filled it up and made me whole. We bless you. You would tell us [Music] He's [Music] here. Amen. [Music] Yes. Holy, holy, [Music] bless. His name the king. Oh, he is here. [Music] closely. Yeah. He call out your name. He is here. You can't touch it. You will never be the sing. He is here. [Music] Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. Thank you Lord. He is here. Holy holy. Thank you Jesus. I will bless I will bless your holy name. He is [Music] here. Listening closely. Hear him call. Lay [Music] down your name. He's asking for the power. He is here. and you can't touch it. Thank you, Jesus. You take it from the [Music] hands up to May reality Jesus name. [Music] our father's Something happened and I know he touched me and he be me. He touched me. Oh yes, he touched me. And oh the joy that floods my soul. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. I know something way harder. And now I know he touched me and he made me sh by worthy need a load of guilt and [Music] sh the hand of Jesus touch [Music] And I have no longer thirsty. Thank you, Jesus. Oh yes, he touched me. And oh, oh, he touched me. [Music] Oh, what a joy that floods my soul. Thank you, Jesus. I know there's something happen. I know he touched me and he made me. Oh, he touched me. Yes, Lord. Lord, you touch me. I want to thank you, Lord, that you touched me. And oh, what a joy that floods my soul. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. I know that something really happen and I [Applause] know you touch me. [Music] Thank you Jesus. that flows my [Music] soulus really happen. Lord, I honor my savior and I need the baptism of the Holy Ghost in my life for the [Music] [Music] glorify ground. And I know that there are angels all around this message. [Music] So let us pray. [Music] Jesus now see I'm telling you Lord my sister comes by we are standing in God's presence thank you Jesus Lord of all, we are [Applause] standing on holy ground. Thank you, Lord. And I know that there are angels. The [Music] last Jesus now. Oh, we we are standing in God's presence. Holy God. Let's just pray together this afternoon and just give thanks. Thanking the Lord for the way he spoke to us. Word about encouragement or by rebuke. The word of the Lord strengthen. Let's give thanks together. Heavenly Father, we just want to thank you. Thank you Lord God for the wonderful word that you brought to us oh God today. Father we are so grateful Lord God. You said you have quickened us Lord. Father we have to believe it oh God. Lord your word has come oh God to bring us Lord to a new height. Father God to bring realities out of our life. Oh God to show us things Lord Father that is beyond Lord our imagination. We see it, oh God, Father, our weaknesses, our failures, Lord. But yet, oh God, your word is telling us, Lord, that greater is he that is in us than he that is in this word. So, Father, we just want to thank you this afternoon. Thank you, Father God, for brother Joel laboring with us this weekend. We pray that God, you would just bless your servant, Lord. Bless him, oh God. Father, bless his wife and his entire family, Lord. Bless his ministry, precious Lord. He have meetings ahead of him. Oh God, we pray that Lord, you will go, Father God, and make him Lord more more of a blessing, Lord, a greater blessing to your people. Father, we just thank you, Lord God. We ask that Lord, Father, your word, oh God. Father, we re-echo Lord Jesus in our hearts as we go home. Oh God, Father, let the Holy Ghost bring these things back to our mind. Oh God, that Lord, you have quaken us, Lord. You have quaken us in Christ, Lord God. That the the the same power that raised Christ from the dead, being promised, oh God, to raise us up. Father, we thank you, Lord. We praise you. We glorify your holy name. We just ask that Lord, you bless us, oh God. But Dan will be traveling on Tuesday. We want to pray that Lord, you give Brother Dan a safe travel, Father God. Pray father Lord Jesus for brother Hillary and his wife out there Lord God, brother Ben, oh God and sister Alice too. We pray that Lord you will keep all our traveling ones safe. Father, oh God, we just love you. We thank you. We appreciate you, Father. May your wonderful blessings go with us now, oh God. Father, Lord Jesus, oh what an awesome God you are, Lord. We commit our homes in your hands, Lord. We commit our children in your hands. Our loved ones, oh God, father. Oh Lord, I believe the dear sisters, we commit their husbands as we pray for our wives too. We love you. What an excellent God you are. Yes Lord, we thank you. We thank you. Blessed be your name. In Jesus name we pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes. I'm so glad I found out that he has brought me out and show me this way. Oh, thank God I am free, free, free from this word of sin. Oh, watch in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. I'm saved. Christ is wonderful. Let's stand on our feet now. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out that he will bring me and show me the [Music] way. Oh, thank God. I am free, free, free from this world of sin. [Music] We wash in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Saved. I'm saved by his wonderful grace. Oh, I'm so glad that I found out he will break me down and show me love. Let's sing that first verse together. [Music] My heart was so happy. [Music] [Music] Ask the father. He will bring me down through his power. Oh my god. I am free free from this world. [Music] been born in the blood of Jesus. I've been born again. Oh, hallelujah. I'm saved. Say I'm saved by his wonderful grace. Thank you, Lord. I'm so glad that I found he will break me now and show me the way. Let's do the next verse now. I can [Music] [Music] burn [Music] my heat. [Music] I'm so glad that I found out he [Music] go. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free free from this world of sin. [Music] [Laughter] Hallelujah. I'm save. I'm save. I'm save. Wonderful grace. Thank you. I'm so glad that I found out he will bring me now and show me the [Laughter] way. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ask me that you're sing. You ask me what I'm happy. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] My saints are my sins. [Music] [Applause] God is our God. I see from the darkness in the sea as Christ in this verse now. [Music] I see position from the sea of death. Praise God. I see the best one. on me. When Satan comes to the teles [Music] My Jesus is in the sea of Godfulness. Praise God. I see the Lord. We are on the cross of Cal as oh in the seat of God. That's good enough for me. Praise God. I saw. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] remove our sadness is from death. Oh, and in the seed of allness that's good enough. Praise God. My sins are gone. The Lord bless you. Amen. May the Lord bless you richly. You have a wonderful holiday if you have the day off tomorrow. Enjoy your time with your family. Let's uh go in the peace of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing the chorus is grace to serve the Lord. Sorry that I don't have a voice. [Music] It is great. It is grace to serve. It is great. Oh, it is grace to set up. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to set the home. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send. Oh yes. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to ser. Oh yes. It is grace. It is grace. Oh, it is grace to serve. Yeah, it is grace. It is grace to serve every day. It is grace. It is grace to stand. Oh yes, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to sell. Yes, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to sell. Ah, it is grace. It is grace to ser. Oh yes, it is grace. It is grace to stand. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to sell. Not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace. Lord, not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to we say it is grace. It is grace to ser. Oh yeah. It is grace. It is grace to save. Not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace. We can say it is great. Every day it is grace. It is grace to save not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to Lord. Not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say. I thank you Lord. It is grace. It is grace to serve. Oh, a mighty Lord. It is grace. It is grace to serve God. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to save. Not my worst. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say. I thank you Lord. It is great. Every day it is. I thank you Lord. It is grace. It is grace to ser. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is gra. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send them. Oh, it is grace. It is grace to send them. Oh, yes. It is grace. It is grace to stand up. Oh, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to know not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace. One more time. Oh, your grace. It is grace. to set the Lord. It is grace. It is grace to set everything. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Yes. It is grace. It is grace with grace to serve the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace. Lord, not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to serve. Oh yeah. It is grace. It is grace to ser. Oh yes. It is grace. It is grace to ser. It is grace everything. Grace. It is grace to serve. Oh, it is grace every hour. Grace. I need grace to serve. I need your grace. It is grace. Oh, it is grace to serve. Need that grace. It is. Yes, it is grace. Oh yes, it is grace. It is grace. It is grace to set. It is grace. Grace. Grace. It is grace. May the grace of God go with you. May the grace of God be with you. May thy grace abound with you. We are dismissed in Jesus name. I say grace. I need grace to serve the Lord. It is grace. God's grace to set the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to set the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send the world. It is grace. It is grace to send the Lord. It is grace. Grace, it is grace to serve the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say not my words. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say not your works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to say. Oh yes. It is grace. We need grace to save the Lord. It is grace. It is grace to serve the Lord. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send every day. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send. Not my works. It is grace. It is grace. It is grace to send. Oh yes. It is grace. It is grace to send the Lord. [Music]
