################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - 04-06-2025 Communion Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Marriage of the Lamb - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   04-06-2025 Communion Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Marriage of the Lamb
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh8M3sjJX40
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, hey, hey. Heat. Heat. You are down. Above all power, above all kings, above All nature and all creat. together thing about fall and all the way so bad. You were here before the world begun. of far kingom, above far, above far and word is there for no above all and all the earth There's no me to me what you were crucified. Oh, [Music] crucified led behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a road trample on the ground. You took the fall. You took the fall and you thought of me and thought of me. Above all, above all power, above all power, above all king, above all [Music] natural things, above all wisdom and are the ways of man. You are here. You were here before the world began. Above God, help thrance heaven allow the treasures of you. There's no way to measure what your word. Oh, [Music] crucify on the throne. to live to die. Rejected and alone like the rose crumbled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me and thought of me and fall crucified. Oh [Music] crucified laid behind a stone. You lay to die. rejected and alone like a road tra you took the phone and thought of me above. Let's sing that one more time. Crucified. Let's stand on our feet tonight. Cross the fire and let beard [Music] sto like a rule on the ground. You took the throne and thought of me ever more. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Will be in the house of the Lord tonight. Thank you, Father. Yes, Lord. Blessed be your name. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. [Music] Let's sing out the chorus. Where where would I be? You only know. Where would I be? You only know. [Music] Where would I be? You all know. So glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless [Music] ge for grace. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, where will you be? You all know so you see through eyes of God of all king. Oh, an empty space in that amazing grace now. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was a hopeless case, just an empty space in that. It was amazing grace. Oh, amazing grace. How sweet the sound. I'll save the [Music] rest for the hopeless case. An empty space in where would I be one more time? Where would I you [Music] open? So glad you see through our eyes of God. What a hopeless case. An empty space down. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Let's sing the the hymn, Nothing But the Blood of Jesus. Just before we change the order of the service tonight, nothing but the blood walking wash away my sin. [Music] What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. No one can take me before I give nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious preious is thous of Jesus and for my cleansing this I See nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh my father. This is my people. Nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious. Oh, precious is [Music] [Music] thous of Jesus. Nothing can for nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can go that I have done. Oh, nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious. Oh, precious is the glory. Nothing but the love of Jesus. This is for my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And this is my [Music] rightousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh precious. Precious is the fl I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. down my face. I know how to come. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Now by this I will reach the heavenly home by the blood of Jes. Oh yes. Oh [Music] [Music] preious my nothing but the blood glory and glory glory I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. Jesus and all my praise. To this I pray to nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh yes. Oh, precious is the th and all of the nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh yes. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. And all the fighting I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, let's just praise him now. [Music] I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. When I was lost, he died on the cross. I know it was the blood for me. Oh, I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the Lord for me. Oh, one day when I was Yes, he died upon the cross. And I know it was the blood for me. Yes, I know it was the blood. I knew it was the blood. And I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the rock. And I know he was the Lord for me. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. I know it was that blood for me. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] We'll sing a song yet and then we change the order of the service for night. [Music] There's a song that is on my mind and u [Music] Okay, you can get worse for me. Um, it is Jesus all in Jesus. Uh, It's a chorus we sing here is just slipping my mind now. All in Jesus. He's the one. Yeah, it's in Jesus. He's the one. Let's sing this tensor there. I have found the love that pardon. Okay. [Music] I have found some stri. I found strength for my weakness. I find grace to cover my sins. It's in Jesus. All in Jesus. is in Jesus and he's the one rock of salvation and firm foundation is in Jesus and he is. Let's sing that again. I have found love for God father. Oh, I have found some strength that is I have found strength for my weakness and I found to cover my sin. Oh, he's in Jesus Jesus. He's in Jesus. And he is the one rock of salvation. That firm foundation is in Jesus. He is. What a friend we have in Jesus. What a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and grief to them. What a privilege to carry. Everything to God is in Jesus. All in Jesus. Is in Jesus. And he is the one rock of salvation that firm foundation is in Jesus. He is the one. Oh hallelu hallelu. Hallelu. And he is the one. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. It's in Jesus. He is Oh, it's in Jesus. It's in Jesus. Oh, in Jesus. Is in Jesus. And he is the one rock of salvation. The firm foundation is in Jesus and he is the world. Thank you Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's in Jesus and he is the one. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] There's a little chorus we have back there. And uh uh guilty of love in the first degree. Let's try that tonight. I might not do well on it, but let's just throw it out there. Amen. Praise the Lord. The fear of failure makes us to do nothing. So, let's just let's just fail and then we will do better. Praise the Lord. I I sent that chorus back there a long time ago and uh guilty of love in the first degree. If they don't find it, then I'm off the hook tonight. [Music] Amen. Don't we don't have it? Okay, then I'm not I didn't send it back then. So, I'm of the hope tonight. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] Yeah, it's true. I have it here and I didn't send it. So, we will try it another time. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you tonight and uh we will just change the order of the service here and [Music] Let's bow our heads together while the musicians play softly. [Music] [Music] Father, we love you tonight. We appreciate you Lord for giving us another opportunity to come Lord Father to this sacra moment of your word. We want to thank you precious Lord that you have taught us Lord Father to honor your ordinances. We just pray tonight, Father God, for those that are streaming in Lord God, who love to be here and they are not here with us tonight. And if there are any on their way coming, we pray that Lord, you bring them into safely. We just want to pray that you bless us in your presence, Lord, we want to take just a little thought of your word and share with your children tonight. Come, Father, speak to us, Lord. Encourage our hearts, oh Lord. draw us closer to you. Father, we love you. We appreciate you. In Jesus name we pray. The Lord bless you. Thank you musicians. Let's uh let's just take our Bibles. Revelation chapter 19. Revelation chapter 19. Revelation chapter 19 we will read from verse 6 to verse 9. Revelation chapter 19 we will read from verse 6 to verse 9. And I heard as it were the voice of a great multitude and as the voice of many waters and as the voice of mighty thundering saying hallelujah for the Lord God unimportant reneth. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the Lamb is come and his wife has made herself ready. And to her was granted that she should be araided in fine lining, clean and white, for the fine linen is the righteousness of the saints. Praise the Lord. And he said unto me, write blessed are they which are called unto the marry supper of the lamb. And he said unto me, these are the true saying of God. Amen. Father, once again we ask blessing upon your word in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. After the service, there was uh one of one of the young ones that came in the office and uh uh after we were doing our our our candy fellowship and then she asked me the question. She said uh she said, "Brother one, you were saying something I didn't understand." She said uh to me, she said uh uh what was there that God asked uh Abraham to do? I said, for him to sacrifice his son. She said, "What does that mean?" I said, "Well, God wanted for Abraham to kill his son." She said, "For what?" and uh and uh and then Samuel jumped in and he was trying to explain it. So, he went over all of the story, but uh I could see where her question was coming from. Praise the Lord. Why would a loving God ask a father to kill his son? Now, so when then I I tried to explain it to her. as well. God was trying to really God now wanted for Abraham to kill Isaac and uh God was uh trying to prove Abraham love to him and try to try to explain it in a way what a little mind would be able to understand it because from the asking of her question I could see how her mind was terrified. Why would God ask for a father to kill his son? Then uh uh preparing for the service, I remember that uh while I was looking at this uh uh uh subject I spoke on this morning, the aid, I came across uh some uh some rabbi coming and their comment was just like the mind of this young child. So I went back to my note and then I decided to to just uh uh send two of them out there to to uh to our team back there. So uh they will share the first one. This was uh uh a rab discuss argument on a literal level. The text teaches us that the bounding of a of uh of Isaac as a test of Abraham faith. God needs to know if Abraham and his descendant will be able to fulfill their part of the covenantal relationship. And yet this answer is so problematic. What kind of a God will ask a parent to sacrifice a child? Now, so when when the little girl asks me, I was thinking, okay, I can see why the rabbi will ask that because I'm seeing them having the mind of a child. Praise the Lord. Let's let's finish reading there and then we will read the next one. I took two of them. Uh what kind of a God will ask a parent to sacrifice a child as a test? It doesn't make sense. There must be something more to that. Praise the Lord. Amen. They are seeing it that it doesn't make sense. Well, we we we see the end result. But just for the fact that God who asks Abraham to do that, it doesn't make sense. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now you have to also see it at the place that the Jews, these rabbi have not accepted what took place on Calvary. There is no way they can relate that to Calvary. You and myself have the benefit to be able to understand that but they have not accepted it. So they are saying there should be something more to that. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Let's read the next one. In the end, I have to strip the architect of its litual element. Looking looking uh at it as a story involving a real man and a real son is just too terrible. Praise the Lord. It's just too terrible in their literal mind. It's too terrible that Jehovah will require this. Praise the Lord. They don't have the benefit to be able to understand the types and the shadow. They don't have the benefit to be able to understand the all the similitudes that is in the word. They don't that that uh you know they are they are under the Lord is strictly the letters. So is the straight letter that is stumbling them because the veil has not been taken from their eyes for them to see what this actually represented. But let's go back to the facts of the story. God did not wanted Isaac. It was Abraham he wanted. Praise the Lord. It was Abraham that he wanted. He never wanted Isaac. He wanted that heart of Abraham that he been speaking to, that he's been dealing to all of this why to remain a constant faithful heart to him. Are we together now? So tonight, that's not what we are continuing to talk on. I just went that way because of what that little girl asked me uh this afternoon. I want to talk on the marriage of the lamb. Uh uh and and this uh uh talk tonight is is just coming from the place of where I I mentioned to you. I saw the brother uh you know uh uh putting up a subject and a wonderful brother. I appreciate listening to some of his comment in but he was answering somebody's question on what is the marriage of the lamb what what actually is the marriage of the lamb he took some quotes which of course you can look there and you will see it and uh and he was relating it to the marriage between the lamb and the bride would take place in the rapture before we go to the wedding supper and when he said I said, "No, I don't think that's the way it is." Amen. Now, so I'm not I'm not really coming in a sense of correcting him. But when I went back and started looking at some of my notes uh in in time past where I've spoke on this, I thought, okay, I would just take a little portion from there and and talk to the church, but then I would go in a different way to be able to encourage us tonight. Amen. So that's what we want to talk about tonight. Let us be glad and rejoice and gave honor to him for the marriage the lamb is come and his wife had made herself ready. Now what I want us to see in in in Revelation chapter 19 here both the marriage of the lamb and also the marriage supper is stated right in our text. Praise the Lord. The marriage of the lamb uh uh uh uh has come is is come and his wife had made herself ready. Then down in verse nine, blessed are they that are called to the marriage supper of the lamb. So there is a marriage supper of the lamb and the marriage of the lamb. Praise the Lord. We go to the marriage of the lamb before we go to the marriage supper or the marriage take place, the wedding take place before we go to the the the reception, the marriage supper. Praise the Lord. So the marriage supper is more is more like the the the the reception. But tonight I just I will do it a little bit on the marriage of the lamb for for maybe uh 20 30 minutes that is before us tonight. I would just I would take one quote and then we will read through that together and uh and then maybe you can take it on from there. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. We know that in uh in uh uh Revelation chap I mean Matthew chapter 25 uh um uh the voice of the bridegroom called out you know uh uh uh called out the bride and we know that uh this was a call that came to seven church ages. Amen. It came to seven church ages. So uh uh uh way back you know growing in the in the message I thought that you know it was only the seven age that you know that was producing the bride but God had a bride throughout the seven church ages. Praise the Lord. Amen. So let's just go to our our uh quote for reference tonight from the message proving his word. That's where we will just uh read from tonight and uh encourage ourself and and then uh uh go into the second part of the service tonight. And Jesus said, "As it was in the days of Sodom, now watch close in the days of Sodom." So will it be at the coming of the son of man when there when the son of man is being revealed. Praise the Lord. We know that uh uh there that's a promise uh uh that is mentioned. uh Luke recorded that uh uh in in Luke 17:30 that uh uh you don't find that so closely in the other gospel. Luke is the one that recorded that and and and that that uh uh take takes a place of importance here. So we we seeing this promise that Jesus said just as it was in the days of Sodom, so will it be in the coming of the son of man. And uh and right in that time there will be a revealing of the son of man. Let's go ahead and then uh now no more as as a church. See no more. Now this is the concept here that brother Brandham is carrying because he's saying no more as a church no more the bride is called. Amen. Praise the Lord. The bride is called. So the revealing of the son of man is molded in this place where Jesus throughout his ministry and uh uh uh you know he went about doing good, healing the sick and you know uh uh uh carrying out but there were there were there were stages of his ministry. Praise the Lord. Amen. There were stages of his ministry. If you look there in Matthew chapter 12, you'll realize that the that was in Matthew chapter 12 where the Pharisees called him the prince of devil. Amen. They call him Bezible, you know, the prince of devil. And right after that, the Bible says Jesus ministry changed because he never said things to to his disciples in in public anymore. Every time he would want to say things to them, he would bring them aside. Amen. And whenever the Pharisees and all the people were there, he would talk to them in parables. So his ministry changed. He was in a different stage of his ministry. Are we together? Now let's let's look at something here in uh in St. John. I think that should be over in St. John chapter 15. That should be St. John chapter 15. Let's let's read chapter 15 verse 15. we will get to get a good context of it. We go back to verse 13. Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends. Ye are my friends, if ye do whatsoever I command you. Henceforth I call you not servants, for the servants knoweth not what his Lord does. But I have called you friends. For all things that I have heard of my father, I have made known unto you. Praise the Lord. Now, so the reason what I read there is for us to be able to see a progression of relationship. Remember that by the Lord, Israel is always called servants. Amen. They were servants to God by the Lord. Are we together now? So Jesus comes on the scene. He's about to take them to a higher level of relationship. Amen. Taking them from the Lord and bringing them more closer. Are we together? So he said, "Henceforth I call you no sevens. I call you my friends." Praise the Lord. For a seven is not invited into the inner chamber. Are we together? Now I'm about to tell you the hidden secret of the fathers. The Lord didn't give it to us. It was coded in the Lord. The Lord hide it in types and shadow. But now I'm going I'm I'm bringing you to a place where I'm now going to tell you the secret things. Henceforth you are no longer servants. Uh uh uh I call you my friends. Now you will see that after his uh uh I want to take one more beer. Oh, sorry. Praise the Lord. Let's take uh St. John, stay right there in John chapter 20. Praise the Lord. In in John chapter 28, you look at uh uh verse 17. This is right after the resurrection. Jesus said unto her, he's speaking to Mary, yet touch me not for I am not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren. Now you will realize this is the first time Jesus will call the disciple his brethren. Look in the scripture after his resurrection, they have gone into a more closer union. He says, "I go unto my father, which is your father, my God, which is your God." Praise the Lord. So he says, "Now you are no longer servants. I call you my friends." After his resurrection, he says, "You are my brethrens." Now what am I what am I doing here is is to just show us how that is the same way he did with the church. Praise the Lord. Amen. That is the same way he did with the church. He came as our savior, our lord and savior. He gave he gave his life. He paid the price. He he sent out his word. He's preaching uh repent the kingdom of heaven is at hand. Praise the Lord. And then uh when he sent out his word, there's a group of people that came out and that's what the church is. It's a call out people. Praise the Lord. And yet from this call out people, these people that have heard the message of salvation, you know, that has uh uh uh is is is turning away from Judaism, the that have that received the message of the gospel, we realize that by prophecy back in the Old Testament that God was going to get a people for his name's sake. Praise the Lord. So there is a call out group that is the church but there is another group in that group a people that are going to take on his name. Praise the Lord. That's what makes the difference between the church and the bride. Are we together? Are you are you getting the picture? are using John to show how God takes his people in progressive re uh uh uh relationship. We can we can we can compare that to our justification, sanctification and the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He takes us through those stages of relationship. Are we together? Is it making sense to you? I should not be confusing you tonight. Amen. because it's not a preaching service, it's a communion service. But the reason why I'm doing it is to be able to come to the marriage of the lamb because out of the church he has called a bride. He has called a people that would take on his name. Hallelujah. It's just like a young man looking for the woman. They are they are all many. They are all nice. They are all pretty. But he is only going to take one in the midst of all of the pretty girls that are there now. So that is the same thing here. There's a there's a there's a people in every church age. That is the reason why every church age take that emphasis. He that have an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the church. Are we together? is hearing what the spirit says to the church that calls out the bride. Because in that message that goes forth to the church, there is a message there that calls out the bride. Come out of her. Are we together? Praise the Lord. Are we together? Now, the reason why uh I I I would do this tonight is uh is is uh uh this morning we're talking a little bit on uh uh uh commitment on uh uh the bounding power and all of that. So, uh uh I just I just uh taught him that this afternoon and said, well, I I would just go in this direction a little bit just to bring some sense of encouragement to the church. And also trust that the Lord will kind of awaken us because you see there is this notion there is this idea uh you know that floats around where people think you know what we are the bride we have believe brother Brandon message and uh and and and they just think that's all the bride requirement to believe that brother Brandham is a prophet baptized in Jesus name. Praise the Lord. Learn the dress code. Learn some of the message language. But we realize that many of these people that believe Brother Brandham is a prophet, baptized in Jesus name, the the the statement of born in the message, raised in the message, will realize that there is no birth in their heart. There is no birth that has taken place. Not because you are born by message. Parents make you a bride. Not because you are baptized in Jesus name. They make you a bride. He that have an ear will hear what the spirit says. Are we together? Amen. Now, so that's that's the reason why we go into this tonight. So, let's go back to to our quote because uh uh I has a I have a habit of taking one thing and just going on with it and can never get back home. So he says here when the son of man is revealed there will be there will be a time in his ministry that he will not just be the healer on godly show. There will come a time in his ministry where there will be a a a revelation. There will be a a an identity. Praise the Lord. Amen. At first many of them knew him to be the carpenter son. No doubt he he faced benches and cheers for them. But when he got into his healing ministry, they knew him to be the healer. Are we together? But you see there is there is a group of people like uh uh uh like Natania and the rest of them that was identifying that there is more to this man. this one that has a a a social ministry to know the secret of the heart. I say I saw you under the tree before before uh uh uh Philip call you. Peter come he says you are a son of Jonah. I believe those were just few that were recorded for us. But that that was the kind of a a a manifestation that was grabbing the hearts of the elite which is the sign of the Messiah. Let's read this and uh uh we will settle down somewhere here. When the son of man is revealed, not no more as a church. See not no more the bride is called. See in that day the son of man will be revealed. What? To join the head the the church to the head unite the marish of the lamb. So which mean is the revelation of the son of man when that ministry is being identified. It will go beyond healing the sick. It will go beyond great healing campaign. It will get to the place where it will be uniting the the the the church to the groom. It will be uniting the bride and the groom. Amen. So that is the reason why if you see uh uh uh uh in brother Brandon ministry he had to have three pools here. The first one was a healing ministry. The second one was discernment. The third is what we call the opening of the word. That's the real thing. Now remember, Paul told us in Hebrew chapter 4 that the word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword. Amen. Discerning the intents of the heart. So whenever that ministry that goes to discerning the intent of the heart that goes between the the dividing aunder of the spirit and the soul to be able to tell us where you know our our our struggle is our weakness is and bring us back to where we supposed to be. You have to know. I mean, uh, uh, uh, uh, we we we saw some of those things or heard some of them on brother Brandham in the tape, but Paul is letting us know that is it's the word that does it. It's the word that descend. Just like how John will say, in the beginning was the word, and the word was with God, and the word took on flesh and became man. Are we together? So we want to keep in our mind that it is the word is is is the word that is using the body of a man. It's the word that is using the ministry of a man to be able to address our need. Praise the Lord. It's not the man. It's the word that is used in the body. Are we together now? So he says here now to do what? To join the church to the head. Unite the marriage of the lamb. Now so yeah, brother Brandon will use church and bride intertwining. Amen. So I mean uh uh let's not let's not confuse that. So let's let's read on it a little bit again. The bridegroom call will come right through this. The bridegroom call will come right through what? The son of man ministry. Praise the Lord. The bridegroom call will come through the revealing of the son of man. The bridegroom call do not come through the healing ministry. Are we together? Amen. The bridegroom call comes through the revealing of the son of man. The bridegroom call will come right through this. When the son of man will come down and come in him of flesh to unite the two together. Praise the Lord. Amen. To unite the bride and the groom. Now, so this son of man ministry is going to be the marriage officer because every wedding must have a marriage officer. So that's why he's letting us know that the son of man ministry is going to unite the two of them together, the bride and the groom. Are we together? The church has to be the word. He is the word and the two unite together. Praise the Lord. Amen. Not following our creeds and our dogma. That's the reason why that ministry had to come with the opening of the word with with uh h revealing the secret the mystery behind uh uh uh the serpent sea the mystery of water baptism the truth of internal security. All of those things had to be preached to us because those were the things that were left out in in in in uh in the reformation. Now you have to understand under the reformation when Luther came out with a message that the just shall live by faith he was breaking away from capitalism. Amen. He had a message the just shall live by faith. He were not teaching mystery. Amen. What his emphasis was on that we don't need nothing like purgatory. Praise the Lord. We have to believe in what Jesus Christ did. There is nothing physical we can do. Bleed our knees, beat ourself, whip ourself. He He was trying to bring the church out of that. Let's get out of the system. Let's look to Jesus Christ. Are we together now? So we see here the church has to be the word because her husband is the word. Are we together? She has to be it has to be the word. It is not enough when is just what the pastor say. It's not enough or it is just what our church believe. It must be the word. Are we together? Because our mate is the word. We have to be flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, spirit of his spirit. Are we together? Amen. So the church has to be the word. He is the word. And the two unite together. When we close this up, you will you will appreciate it. You will enjoy it. To do that, it will take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. Not just a clergy, not just a good preacher. It will have to take the revealing of a son of man ministry. Are we together? A good preacher can bring us down to water baptism. A good preacher can preach hell so hard that you can be afraid to go to hell. But for us to get down to this place of being prepared to be a bride to the bridegroom, God has to send us which he has done a ministry that will open that will take the veil of tradition from our eyes. Praise the Lord. The word will be esteemed highly than our church. The word will be esteemed highly than our pastor. Are we together? Not a clergic. It would take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. Are we together? Do you see what I mean? See, it is the son of man. Jesus Christ will come down in human flesh among us and will make his word so real that it will unite the church and him as one. Are we together? Amen. The son of man Jesus Christ will come. That that is the promise of St. Luke 17:30. Amen. He will take a him of flesh and he will make the word so real to us. Are we together? And that that revealing of the word will unite us. That re that revealing of the word will capture our hearts. Praise the Lord. That revealing of the word will make us to fall in love. that look at the the a type here of Eliza going to get Rebecca. Praise the Lord. Amen. When he head out there to get Rebecca and uh uh uh uh she was asking him lot of question about this Isaac. Now you have to realize that he was the messenger. His work was not to fall in love with Rebecca or make Rebecca love him. You see the son of man ministry. You see the ministry when a body will be borrowed. When brother Brandham said Jesus Christ will have to come down and take human flesh and reveal the son of man. Praise the Lord. Lea work was not to fall in love with Rebecca or make Rebecca to love him. Everything that he said how to magnify Isaac. Praise the Lord. She has to believe that this man can solve her problem. She has to believe that if I having 10 H came, he having thousand. Praise the Lord. Yet he was the messenger trying to uh h uh bring uh uh uh Rebecca to Isaac. But he had a message that would make her to fall in love with Isaac. Not to make her to fall in love with himself. Are we together? Let's go down a little bit. Not a clergy. It will take the manifestation of the revealing of the son of man. Not a clergy. Do you see what I mean? Is the son of man Jesus Christ will come down in him of flesh among us. Praise the Lord. and will make his word so real that it will unite the church and him as one, the bride. So you see he's using church bride here. So just just understand there. And then she will go home to the wedding supper. If she will go home to the wedding supper, then when was the wedding? Praise the Lord. The wedding is the uniting. Praise the Lord. Amen. The wedding is the uniting time. When the bride is uniting with the word, when the bride is is falling in love with the word, she wants to find her place in the word. She want the word to have preeeminence in her life. So it's not just joining the church and that says I'm in a message church. No, this word is our lover. That's our bridegroom. How are we treating the word in our life? So that uniting time, that uniting with the word is the marriage that is going on. So the marriage is going on right now. Praise the Lord. We are uniting with the word. Every time we are in church, we are uniting with the word every time the spirit is speaking to our hearts. Every time God is dealing with you on something, what is your reaction? What is your attitude? Praise the Lord. You see, and and and and that is the thing I say to people all the time, you know, uh uh uh uh uh we we look over to to our our wedding day, you know, and and the emphasis is put on the wedding, you know, and you know, we plan for it and all of that. But after the wedding, that's when the marriage really starts. Amen. because you have just this short window of cold shape you know and in cold shape you are just managing you know you don't want to really lost this person I really love them you are just managing you are on your best behavior but when the veil comes down and you have to live together you realize the marriage is an ongoing thing the marriage of the lamb is an ongoing think. Praise the Lord. When we disappoint him, we fail him, we come back, we say, "Lord, have mercy on me. I'm wrong. Help me, Lord, to be better." Are we together? Do you see what I mean? The son of man, Jesus Christ, will come down in in a human flesh among us and will make his word so real that it will unite the church in him as one, the bride. And she will go home to the wedding supper. See, she's already united. See, we will go to the wedding supper, not to the marriage. We are not going to the marriage. Why? Because the marriage is taking place here. When that son of man ministry is revealed to you is not just to magnify brother Brandham is to fall in love with the word. Are we together? Because look at the three four purpose. The first one was what? To have preeeminence in a man. The second one was what? Have preeminence in a woman, which is the bride, the church. And the third is what? Take both of them back to Eden. So God used the prophets, the Old Testament to pre to prepare himself a body to dwell in to make a man to find a man he got a David he got a Moses he got a Joseph all in types he show a little year he show a little when Christ came this was the body where the fullness will dwell in God got Adam back that's why he's called the second Adam now God had to go through a seven church ages to get second Eve Eve to get Eve back to her place. Are we together? Am I putting you to sleep? Okay, let's just try to close on this now. The subject is even becoming more sweeter to me. Amen. As I'm talking about it, he says, "She's already united. See, we go to the wedding supper, not to the marriage, because the marriage of the lamb has come. Praise the Lord. The marriage of the lamb has come. But the rapture is going to the wedding supper. When the word year unite with the person, when the word year that is being preached to you, the word year that you hear on tapes, the word year that you read in the Bible, when that word year unite with the person and they two become one and then what does that do? They manifest the son of man again. Praise the Lord. Why? Because this bride is going to be what? Christ in bride form. She's going to be Christ in bride form. Are we together? Amen. So you see young people as we get ready for the rapture is not just uh you know uh uh uh trying to be a nice uh uh young man in church or the nice young lady in church. No, we must we must we must gravitate to this word. Amen. We must fall in love with this word. Don't wait to come to church before you read your Bible. Fall in love and start loving the word. Let let it just be a feeling in your heart that you can't go a day without the word. Are we together? Because you see even in the natural when you have uh uh you have a young man and a young woman in courtship and they they are just being together every day. What you know they are just together every day. I mean the the preachers said no we got to marry these people because it's becoming dangerous. They can explode any time. Are we together? Amen. We we got to we we got to do their wedding. We if if it happened before me I'm calling I'm calling for a wedding quick. I mean I'm seeing you all over the every shopping mall I go I see you people and I mean you are just all over the place. We let's just marry you so you can go and live together. Now, so you see that's that's what I'm trying to talk about. That's the marriage of the lamb. That's the marriage of the lamb. He whispers to you every time you read the word. Praise the Lord. He tells you how he love you. He tells you what he want you to straighten up. He makes you to identify things in your life without the preacher saying it because you are not falling in love with the preacher. You falling in love with this man that knows everything about you. Hebrews say all your ways are naked in his eyes. It's to him that we have to do. That's where the challenge comes. You know, we can we can celebrate, you know, the messenger. We can we can celebrate. Brother Brandham talks about the supernatural. But brother Brandham ministry was the ministry of the marriage officer. His ministry was the ministry of Eliza. Not for us to love him, for us to appreciate him and love our mate, which is Christ. That was the purpose of his ministry. Are we falling in love with Christ? That's your marriage of the lamb. That's your marriage of the lamb. And it's going on right now. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord bless you as we change the order of the service. Let's bow our heads together. When the word year unites with a person and the two becomes one and then what does that do? It manifests the son of man again. Not the church theologian. The son of man, the word and the church becomes one. Whatever the son of man done, he was the word. The church does the same. The bride will do the same. I love you too much to feel you now. Let's sing that together. They can put the words up for us. Let's sing it together before we bow our heads. I love you too much. Too f you now too much to break my vow. Oh, I promise the Lord. Oh, that I will make it somehow. Yes, I love him too much to f him now. Oh, I love him too much to fe him now. I love him too much to break my vow. I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. Oh, I love him too much to finger. I love you. Let's sing it to him. I love you too much to fade you down. Lord, I love you too much to break my vow. I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. Oh, I love him too much. Too fing now. Oh yes, Lord. I love you too much to fear you now. Too much to pray. Take my vow. I promise the Lord that I will make it no matter what comes. Lord, give me grace. Lord, I love you too much. Lord, to faith. Now one more time. Now I love you too much to fear you now. Too much to break my vow. I promise the Lord that I will make it somehow. Oh, I love too much to [Music] fing in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with my Jesus. Oh yes. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus was the best thing that I ever done. Oh, let's just sing it to him now. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh yes. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Oh, falling in love with my Jesus was the best thing I ever ever thought. [Music] In his word, I feel [Music] protected. In his word, I'm never disconnected. in his word. I feel protected. Oh Lord, there's no place that I rather be. In his presence I feel protected. In his presence I'm never [Music] disconnected. In his presence I feel protected. There's no place that I I'd rather be falling in love with Jesus. Let's lift our hands to him tonight. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with my Jesus. The best thing that I've had that I've ever done. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Let's bow our heads. Let's pray together tonight. Let's express our love to him. I don't know how you feel in your heart tonight. I don't know if you are feeling [Music] disconnected, but his arms are wide open. His love is ever around [Music] you. Let's express our love to him tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we love you tonight. We appreciate you, Lord. We love you, Father. I pray to God that Lord Jesus, I took more time than I wanted to, Father, Lord, but I just pray that God, you will amplify your word to the hearts of your people, Lord God. May we see Lord the the love of affair that is going on. It's not a church affair. It's a love affair. No matter what church we go to, we can flip them. We can change them. But we have to be in love with the word. That's what matters. That's what we are called [Music] to. This is not a society. It's not a cult. This is a love affair. This is a love [Music] relationship. You have to love the word. You have to love the word in action. You have to love the word in words. Father, capture our heart tonight. Lord, if we are feeling disconnected, Lord, you can you can connect with us tonight. Oh, Father God, Lord Jesus, we can go back, Lord, and renew our vow with you, Lord, because you are coming for a word bride. You are coming, the word is coming to connect with the word and takes the word out of this earth. [Music] Father, we love you tonight. We appreciate you. We appreciate you, oh God. Help us, Lord Jesus. Have the preeminence, Lord. Father, in our lives. Let the word have a preeminence in our home. Have the preeminence, Lord, in this assembly. Lord, let it be the word. A good idea is not enough to put your people in the rapture. Lord, no matter how many good ideas we come up with, it has to be the [Music] word. We have seen, we have identified the manifestation of the son of man ministry. We know that God, father, you took that ministry to brother Brandham. Lord. Oh God, Father, Lord, and and and oh Jesus, it it it captured our hearts, Lord. But God, now we want to fall in love with you. We want to fall in love with you. We want it to be something that we feel, Lord. We feel it. It's not just a statement. And because we are in love with you, we wash our tongues. We wash the thoughts that goes through our mind. We wash the things we gave our eyes to. [Music] Father, we come in tonight, Lord, and say, "Forgive us of all of our transgressions, Lord. All of our sin and our iniquity, Lord God." Father, I confess mine and I confess the sin of the people tonight and say, "Oh, precious Lord, may your grace, Lord, just come and help us now, Lord. Father, we love you. We thank you, oh God. We appreciate you, Father, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus [Music] Christ. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's pray for one another tonight. Take your mind from on your knees. Remember the brother tonight. Remember the sister tonight. Whether you know them by name or not, call out to God for them. Let's pray together. Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, as we approach the table tonight, Father God, we want to remember one another, Lord God. Oh dear Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for all our ministering brothers, Lord God. Father, we pray that you bless them. Bless their wives, their family, Lord God, our deacons, Lord, Father. Bless them in their office, oh God. Father, Lord, may they fall in love with you, God. Father, may they measure their office by the word, oh precious Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, the trustee is the same. Lord, we pray tonight. Oh God, our musicians, we commit them into your hands, oh father, Lord. Oh God, we thank you for the dedication, Lord God. Father, in their lives, oh Lord Jesus, oh precious Lord, Father God, we pray tonight, Lord. Oh, Father God, for every brother, every sister, Lord, Father God, that is identified with this assembly that call this place home, Lord. Even the ones, oh, Father God, that we don't see all the time, Lord, the traveling ones, we remember them. Oh God, Father, Brother Johnny, Lord God, Brother Aaron, oh God, Father, we pray for them. Your grace will be with them. Oh, Father, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, eternal God, we just pray tonight. Father, Lord, help our sister, Lord. Oh, God. Father, come on the scene, Lord. You know the needs of your children. Oh, Father God. Lord, you know what the enemy is using to handle us, Lord. We rebuke it in the name of the Lord Jesus. We say sat on the Lord. Rebuke them. Oh father, we pray tonight. Oh God, just come. Oh God, sweep over us. We pray for our little ones, Lord. The young ones, oh God. Father, capture their hearts, oh Lord Jesus. Let they learn to fall in love with you from a young age, oh God. Lord, where they will go to their rooms, Lord. Father, take their Bibles and read, oh God. Father, Lord, read a Bible story, Lord Jesus. They will they will fall in love with you. They will have their own personal time with you, oh God. Lord, Father Jesus, we don't want to just raise up church members, Lord. We want to raise up manifest manifest their sons and daughters of God. Oh, Father, we pray tonight, Lord God, for all of our couples. We commit them into your hands, Lord. Father, you see the homes that that that that really need you, oh God. We ask that father Lord you will step in oh precious Lord some oh God father is a financial need some Lord Jesus Christ is one knee of the other healing oh God father special visitation Lord we pray tonight oh God your prophet said the the home is the backbone of the church oh God we want to just take all the fusses the argument oh God father Lord you have trusted this assembly oh God with few cases oh God father and we are holding to you Lord God. We are believing that you will bring us true. Oh father God, Lord. Oh Jesus, Lord Father, it is your word that we are holing. We are not looking at people attitude. We are not looking at their position. We are looking at what the word says. Oh father. So we pray tonight. Oh sweet Jesus. Yes. Oh father, thank you Lord. Thank you oh God. Thank you father. Lord, bless the ones, oh Lord, Father God, that stand on their feet all during the service, Lord, working in the back, Lord Jesus, we pray that, Father, Sister Anette and her team, Lord, you would just bless them, oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, Holy Spirit, Lord, Father, the sisters that come and clean the building, oh God, Father, Lord, we pray that you bless them, Lord. The ones that, oh God, Father, set the trash out, Lord God. Oh Lord Jesus, we just love you tonight. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, oh Father. Oh. Oh. I will wait for thee in sweet hour of prayer. Oh sweet hour of prayer. Sweet hour of prayer. that calls me from all my worldly years and b me now my father strong make all my wants and my We know in season of all distress and grief. My soul has often found relief in all. Oh, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. And I wait for thee, sweet hour of prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we we come, oh God, and rededicate ourselves to you tonight, Lord. Oh father, as a church, Lord God, if there's anything, Father, Lord, that is causing the stomach block, Lord. Oh precious Lord Father we know that God Lord Jesus uh you you set the church oh God to be the end Lord Father where sick people will come Lord people running up the streets so Father God Lord Jesus oh God father you set us as a lighthouse oh God precious Lord that wandering ships oh God can dock in oh father Lord I pray that God in the name of the Lord Jesus help our attitude oh Oh, father Lord. Oh God, our mind change our mindset to Lord Father God. Oh precious Lord we we all Father the least that we can do for you Lord God. Oh help us Lord Jesus in the name of the Lord God Almighty we just pray father Lord. Oh God you will just come in our midst Lord Father. Oh precious search our hearts, search our homes, search our lives oh God. Father Lord and precious Lord help us Lord God in the area where we need you the most Lord we need oh God father Lord your your word oh God bringing conviction to hearts oh father oh God it's just not enough Lord Father God to come from one service to another service oh God we want oh father your presence to be felt we want you to make every service Lord God wonderful interesting enjoying Lord where we can enjoy your presence oh God not The man is your word. Oh father, we want Oh god. Precious Lord. Oh father, come Lord, come Lord Jesus. Come. Oh father. Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes. Oh God. Yes. Oh Father. Lord. You said we must lay for our heads our redemption drawer night. Oh God. Father, we feed the pool. Lord God, we fear the moving of your spirit, Lord God. Father, we feed the moving of the water. Cause us to drum in. Oh Lord God, cause us to step in. Oh father. Lord, may we stop sitting on the fence. Lord God, may we stop being an observer. Lord God, help us to be partakers. Lord Father, let's be partakers of your word, oh God. Oh father, Lord Jesus, give us a new testament church. Lord, give us a church, oh father, where the people will be burdening for one another. There will be burden for souls. Lord, give us a praying church, Lord. Father God, oh that's that's how we are approaching the communion tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. Oh dear Jesus. Lord deal with our hearts. Lord change our attitudes. Oh father God we can remain like this Lord God. We can remain like this Lord. There is not a bride material. It's not a bride character. It's not a bride character. Father, we can we can sleep on the word. We can just be dull in our action. Lord, Father, no commitment to the word, no dedication to the word, Father. It's not a bribe material. [Music] Lord, please come and take control. I feel the poor. While the music plays softly [Music] to give my Lord. He speaks to me. Lord and I agree. Lord please come and take control. I feel the poor for I receive of the Lord that which I also deliver unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread and when he had given thanks, he break it and said, "Eat, take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he hath s this is the new testament of my blood. This do ye as of as ye drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as ye eat this bread and drink this cup yet do show the Lord's death till he comes. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unwartily shall be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself and so let him eat of this bread and drink that cup. For he that eateth and drinketh of water eat it and drinketh damnation to himself for not discerning the Lord's [Music] body. John 13:2 after supper being ended, the devil having now put in the heart of Judas as Simon's son to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands and that he was come from God and went to God, he rised from supper and lay aside his garment and and took a towel and g himself. After that, he pou water in the basin and be to wash the disciples feet and to wet them with the [Music] towel wherewith he was given. Then come he to Simon Peter, and Peter said unto him, Lord, does thou wash my feet? And Jesus answered and said unto him, "What I do, thou knowest, not now, but thou shalt know yet after." Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee now, thou have no part with me." So Simon Peter said unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. Jesus said unto him, "He that is washed needeth not safe to wash his feet, but is clean everywhere. And ye are clean, but not all." For he knew who should betray him. Therefore he said, "Ye are not all clean." So after he have washed their feet and have taken his garment, he was sat down again and said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you, ye call me master and lord, and ye say well for so I am. If I then your lord and master have washed your feet, ye also ought to wash one another feet. For I have given you an example that ye should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I said unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. I speak not of you all. I know whom I have chosen, but that the scripture may be fulfilled. He that eatth bread with me has lifted up his head against me. Praise the Lord. Let's just stop right here. Oh, rocketed cross. [Music] This song is for the crown. Let's sing the first verse to that song. On a hill, far away. On the hill, far away. Stood by rugged cross. God amling all of suffering and shame. And I love that old cross where the dear rest and dance our word of love. Ser was slave. Oh yes. Oh, I cherish the old of ke till my [Music] draw down. Yes, Lord. Oh, I will cling to the old rocket cross and there's [Music] changes for the crowd. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we lift this board up to you, Lord God. Lay in a fire, Lord God. It's a piece of bread, Lord God, that was baked with prayers, Lord, Father, Almighty God. Lord God, it represent your body. We lift it to you tonight. And we ask that, Father, you bless it as you will break it into many pieces tonight, oh God. Oh Father, all of those pieces will represent the needs that are in this assembly. All of the pieces, oh Father God, will represent the needs in our life. All of the pieces, Lord Jesus Christ will represent, oh God, our desire for you, Father. I pray that God you bless it as we identify ourself with it tonight. Lord, we stand in a gap, Lord God, for even those that are not yet with us tonight. Father, we love you. We appreciate you in Jesus name. [Music] Heavenly Father, we lift this board up in your hands tonight, Lord. Father, in this board there are many cups, Lord Jesus, that represent our hearts. As we sing the song, Fill My Cup, Lord, I lift it up. We lift these cups to you that you bless it tonight. Oh God, see the need in our life. See the desire in our hearts, Lord. See the want for you. Oh God, we pray Lord as we come and partake of it tonight. Oh God, Father, meet us at every point of our need. Lord, your prophet said there is healing in the cup. So we ask tonight for healing. We ask for strength. We ask for deliverance. Lord, we ask for commitment, oh God. We ask for devotion, Lord. [Music] We love you, Father. We appreciate you, Lord. In your wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's sing that [Music] together. Oh, feel my God, Lord. [Music] I lift it all up more. Come and quit the thirst of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I walk no more. Yes, my cup fill it up and make me move. The table is open tonight. You are welcome to the table of the Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Down. Heat. Heat. [Music] Bread of heaven, feed me till I walk no more. Feel my cup. Fill it up and make me Oh, bread of heaven. Oh, bread of heaven, feed me till I walk no more. Yes, my cup filled it up and made me whole. Let's sing that one more time. Fill my cup now. Fill my cup, Lord. Let's just worship him. I lay it up, Lord. Come and quench the thirsty of my soul. Thank you, Lord. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want more. Yes, my cup fill it up and make me new. The music will play softly and uh the brothers as you all know we will go out there. the sisters will stay right in here and and uh sisters I know you want to you try to get the little ones involved but let's uh realize that we stay in service so keep them quiet and then uh while you do your foot watching in here the Lord bless you and we will meet you when you are [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Heat. Heat. Because I know He holds the future and life is what the living just because he live. Let's sing the verse. Because he's here. Because he's here, I can face the future because he's here. All my doubts, all my doubts I gone because I know he holds the rapure and life is worth living by the word because let's sing that one more time Because he's here. Because he's yet, I can face the future. Make us up. I gone because I know he holds the rapture. Life is worth living by the word because it is here. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Heavenly Father, we will ask your blessings tonight. Thank you, Father God, for blessing our time together, Lord Jesus. We love you. We appreciate you, oh God. Thank you for your word. Thank you for your presence, Lord. Thank you for the outpouring of prayers, Lord God. The desires in our heart to get closer to you, oh God. Father, we know that, Lord God, this revealing of the word is going on, Lord. you revealing yourself to your people, God, wanting us to know you in your power, the power of your resurrection, Lord God. Oh, Father, we're not going to take nothing less than that, Lord Jesus. Because when you give, you gave yourself, oh Father. So, Lord, we pray tonight you carry each and every one of us home safely. Those that will have the cost to work tonight, that Lord, you will bless them and be with them. Oh, Father God, and and Lord Jesus, we want to commit the weak in your hands. Lord, watch over your children. Bless them in their work. Oh God, bless the work of their hands. Oh, Father, those that are working home, those that have to get into the street drive, Father, we pray that God, you will wash over us, Lord. Father, Almighty God, while we are out there, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father God, may we just just be in love with you, just be in fellowship with you. Represent you the best way we can, oh God. Tell others about you the little that we can, oh Father, we love you tonight. Come and go with us now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you until we see you Wednesday night. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Let's sing that song. I will stay right under the blood where the devil can do me no harm. Amen. [Music] Amen. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. No harm. Where the devil can do it. No harm. Oh no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Where the devil can't do me. No, I'm going to stay right on the block. I'm going to stay right on the block every day. I'm going to stay right on the love block where the devil can't do me. No high. Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, where the devil can't do no. Oh, I'm going to stay right on the block every day. And I'm going to stay right on the block. I'm going to stay right on the block. Oh yes. When the devil came to me. Oh no. No. No. No. Oh yes. No. No. Hallelujah. No. No. No. Oh well. The devil can't do me. No. I'm going to live right on the blood. I'm going to live right on the blood. I'm going to live right on the blood. Every day where the devil can't do me no harm. Oh, I'm going to stay right on the block.
