################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - May 04, 2025 Sunday Service Bro Bloteh Won- Mercy Walked In - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   May 04, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Bloteh Won- Mercy Walked In
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3jC4pLBMVj0
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] me. Hey. Hey. Then sing my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou [Music] are. Then sing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to me. How great thou are. How great thou are. Oh Lord my God and I'm in some wonder. Come see the all the walls I have made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Time pass through the universe. and save my soul, my Savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. and seeks my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are, how great thou. And Christ shall come with shout of acclamation and take me home. My joy shall fill my heart. And I shall bow in all the adoration and proclaim my God. How great. Hallelujah. Dancing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou [Music] are. How great thou are. Blessed is my soul. My savior God to thee. How great thou, how great thou [Music] are. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Glory to your name, Jesus. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. We have um It's a praise report. God bless you saints. Thank you for your prayers. Would have been arrive home safely. This from sister Alice. Thank God for joining mercies. Let's go ahead and stand as we commit the service to the Lord in prayer. Let's give our all in all this morning. Amen. Heavenly Father, we thank you God for such a joy, for such a blessing. know God and for such a privilege for such an opportunity Lord that you grant us this morning giving us the breath of life to come and praise and glorify your name. Father we thank you God for such a miracle. Some didn't make it to see this day. Others were rushed to the hospital. We are not better than them. But Lord, we thank you that we are counted among the living and we have that liberty to come and thank you this morning. What a joy. Hallelujah to your name, Jesus. Father, we thank you, oh God, for this moment. Bless every aspect of the service. Bless the instrument this morning. Receive our praises, oh God. Lord, we all have needs this morning. We bring those needs before you this morning. Lord God, even bless those who due to one reason or the other, they can't make it to service, screaming online, bless them, oh God. And those who are trying to make their way here, Lord, be the driver of every vehicle, oh God. We thank you, oh God. Bless the your word that will come forth tonight, this morning rather. We thank you, oh God. We give you all the praise, all the glory and highly honor in Jesus wonderful name we pray. Amen. Let's put our hands together for Jesus this morning. Amen. Turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you." Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Let's give him a quick hand of clap this morning. [Applause] Amen. You ready to worship him this morning? Amen. Let's go ahead and clap. Yes. Just put yourself. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent anymore. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plans. That's just the way it [Music] is. You are not a God created by human hands. You are not a God dependent any more than men. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your plans. That's just the way it is. [Music] You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good time in bad. You are God your throne. You are God alone. You're the only God whose power none can contend. You are the only God whose name praise we never end. You are a God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way it is. Say you are not a God from the four time. You are on your throne. You are God alone and right now in a good time and bad. You are on your throne. You are God alone. You are God alone. From before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in a good time and bad. You are on your throne. You are God alone. You're unchangeable, unshakeable, unstoppable. That's who you are. Unchangeable. Unshakeable, unstoppable. That's who you are. You are God alone from before time began. And you are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good time and bad, you are on your throne. But you are God alone. Unchangeable, unshakeable, unstoppable. That's for your unchangeable. Unstoppable. Unshakeable. That's who you are. You are God alone from before time began. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in a good time and you are on your throne and you are God alone. You are God alone. From before time begin. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in a good time and bad, you are on your throne. And you are God alone. [Music] Unchangeable, unshakeable, unstoppable. That's who you are. [Music] Unchangeable, unshakeable, unstoppable. That's who you are. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. All right, let's go ahead and sit. We have a special here this morning from Grace and Antonet. God bless you. Thousand generations falling down. Sing the song of ages to the lamb and all before us and all the world. Sing the song of aes to the lamb. Your name is the highest. Your name is the greatest. Your name stands above them all. All thrones and dominions, all powers and possess. Your name stands above them all. And the angel cried, "Holy," a creation cried, "Holy, you're worth high, holy, holy, forever. If you've been forgiven, if you've been redeemed, sing the song of aes to the L. And if you walk in freedom, if you bear his name, sing the song forever to the lamp. We will sing the song forever and amen. And the angels cry, "Holy creation cries, holy, you lifted high. [Music] Holy, holy [Music] forever. Your people, holy to the king of kings. Holy, you will always be ally. Holy forever. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. All right. Want to bless God for that wonderful song from Chris and Antonet. The kids have to get involved in anything we do. Hallelujah. Let's encourage them. That was a beautiful try. Let's give a hands up to Jesus this morning. All right, let's go ahead and stand as um brother go ahead and pick up the offering as we continue the song service this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship before our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. To our God. Every praise is to our God. Everyone of worship with honor God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory. Hallelujah. You are God. Every praise. Every praise to our God. To our God. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship we are accord. Every praise, every praise is you God. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes it is. Yes it is. Every praise is to our God. Every worship with one God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. You are God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory. Hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. God, my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every one I worship each one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Is to our God. Sing hallelujah. To our God. Glory. Hallelujah. Is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Without a music, without a music, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with [Music] honor. Every praise, every praise is to our God. To our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. To our God. Glory. Hallelujah. You are God. Every praise, every praise. You are God. Hallelujah. Thank God this morning. Amen. All right, let's go ahead. We still have time before we invite the pastor to come up this morning. Time is filled with swift transition. Not of our own move can stand till your hopes something internal. Hold to God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to God's unchanging. Hallelujah. Hold to God's unchanging hands. Fill your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Trust him. It will not give you whatsoever may bring in my adrenals for still no closing. Oh to God's unchanging hands. Oh to God's unchanging [Music] hand turning when your journey is completed in God you have been [Music] Yeah. And write thy home in glory. Your wrap your soul with you. Your God will hold. Oh to [Music] God and [Music] turn to God for changing. Hallelujah. Amen. I'll sing this pastor will come up. [Music] Amen. I see a crimome stream of God. It flows from Calary. It waves a Christian throne of God. I see it over me. I see a crystal stream of God. It goes from Calary with the Christian throne of God. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's sing this song as we invite uh change over the order of service as pastor come up. Amen. And this is the most important aspect of the service. Let's give our all in all. Give our divided attention as we come to listen to his more this morning. This is my desire to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All I have is in [Music] you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take away your way. I give you my heart. I give you my [Music] soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, oh hide your way in me. This is my desire to order you. All I worship you. [Music] All that within me I give you praise for you. Lord, I give you my heart and hear my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment [Music] I have your way. Oh yeah. Lord, I gave you my heart. I gave you my soul. I live for you, alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, oh have your way. Praise the Lord. We want to thank the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You can have your [Music] seat. We want to greet each and every one of you in the name of the Lord Jesus. Going to be in the house of the Lord. And uh we thank God for uh another opportunity we have to come and fellowship around the world. I had I have a sheet here from uh the deacons to greet [Music] uh a visitor from uh South Africa and uh [Music] [Music] I see that today I'm sitting some of the things there. So I just allow him do the work. But again we greet each and every one of you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We want to thank God for another opportunity. Brother Johnny, you are welcome back. I see you sliding in there. Thank God for the safe travel and uh uh Sister Alice, I believe brother made it safely. Okay. We thank the Lord for granting our brother the safe trip. We pray that uh uh Imam will feel well and he'll be able to take care of things that he went to do. So once again we want to greet uh sister Rebecca sister from South Africa. Is they right? Okay. God bless you. You are [Applause] welcome. Praise the Lord. And uh we so grateful this morning. Before I forget u uh at the end of June, that will be at the end of June and it runs into July 4th. Uh there's a BYC uh camp, believer's youth camp. I think it's been going on for many years. It was it was headed by brother Max Severs in uh uh uh Dayton, Ohio. I think uh brother Mac being well for for some years now and I think his son and some other brothers are stepping. So I was able to get some information and working on it uh uh to be able to take some of our young people for some of them will be their first time camping. So we want to we want to try to make the best out of it this year and so uh I'll be bringing more more information on that. I should have printed out a flyer, but I was uh I was just caught up in doing what I needed to do yesterday. So, I'm very sure before next Sunday, we will get flyers, information, and everything that is needed so we can get uh uh those young people that would love to go uh register to go. Praise the Lord. And uh for our Memorial Day weekend service, we have brother U what is happening to me Joe Adams will have brother Joe Adams from Louisiana he will be speaking for us on Memorial Memorial weekend it will be our first time to have brother Joe but uh uh he's u he's been a wonderful friend so he will be there weekend speaking for us and Uh uh I was also hoping that uh we can have our couple um brunch that we did last year. We can because we we kept it going for many years and then after the co we were not able to pick it up. Last year we had a good time with brother Paula Fountain from uh uh Michigan. And uh so this year I'm hoping that we can be able to do it uh I'm looking at a possible date um and then uh uh trying to see who will be able to do that for us. But I will let you know I have a plan. I have a plan. Praise the Lord. But it's so good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. I'm doing all of this talking because I'm so nervous. Amen. Praise the Lord. And the reason why I'm nervous is that I wanted to talk on something. I wanted to speak on something and uh uh I was actually going to talk this morning on u um the lawgiver. Uh and then while I was you know uh preparing myself uh then uh uh this song came to my mind. Mercy walk in as you hear the the the music playing it and that song just it just took the rest of my my meditation. I was just so caught up in it and uh it's kind of a screw everything up for me. Praise the Lord. So I really I really need your help this morning. Amen. If uh if our our technicians can put the words up there for us. I want us to sing it together. If we don't have nothing to preach on, we will just we just sing it over and over and over and over. But I'm sure that the Lord will be able to help us. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Music] Let's just worship the Lord together now. Let's sing the chorus together. [Music] Mercy walks near and pleading my case. Called to the stand was God saving grace. The blood was presented. I cover my sin. Forgiven when mercy walks in. I stood in the cold room. The jaw turned my way. And most like you are guilty. Now what do you say has for your earth I have no defense. But that's when God's mercy walking. [Music] Oh mercy walking and pleading my king called to the stand was God's saving grace was presented that Father of my sin, forgiven where mercy walks in. [Music] I stood there and I wonder how could this be? Someone I was guilty had just been set free. My chains were broken. have been born again. The moment when mercy. Let's stand to our feet as we sing it. Oh mercy was save and pleaded my [Music] case called to the stage was blessing grace. Your blood was presented that cover my sin forgiven when mercy was oh hallelujah. As Jesus mercy walks free, lead my king. Gone to the stand was God's saving grace. above was presented that covered my s forgiving where mercy walks in. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Thank you precious Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Thank you Jesus. Thank you father. dear Lord Jesus and [Music] Father. So Lord God, it is with every one of us here Lord. Father, some can remember the day the moment Lord when mercy walk into their situation Lord. Father somehow no idea Lord God. Mercy has walked in and out many times Lord and they have never realized it Father. But God, I pray that Lord, you will come in a special way out of the pages of your word, oh God, this morning, Father, Lord God, and and give us, Lord, Father, um an identification this morning. Open our eyes, God, Father, to be able to realize, Lord God, mercy is not a talk, Lord. He's a person, oh Father. It's a bend. Oh God, Lord Father. And I pray Lord Jesus you come take Lord Father the little thought on our hearts oh God this morning and just bring it to your children Lord in a special way. We love you father. We love you Jesus. Thank you Father. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Bless your word now Father God. those that are streaming into the service. Bless them too. Oh God, Father, those that couldn't be with us this morning, Lord, the ones that have traveled, we pray that Lord God, you will keep them in their travel. Oh, Father, Lord, we just love you. We appreciate you, Father. In Jesus wonderful name we pray. Oh, hallelujah, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank [Music] you. Thank you. Amen. The Lord bless you. Thank you, musicians. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Amen. Let's take our Bibles. You see why there I go through what I wanted to speak about. Because when you when you start to think about God's mercy and you start to sing about God's mercy and start to remember where mercy formed you and uh uh I mean everything stands still. Amen. Everything stands still. Everything in your life, everything around your life stands still because uh uh that's that's a glorious moment. Praise the Lord. Genesis chapter 3. Genesis chapter 3. Let's read from verse 8. Genesis chapter 3. Let's read from verse 8. And they heard the voice of the Lord God walking in the garden in the cold of the day. And Adam and his wife hid himself from the presence of the Lord among the trees in the garden. And the Lord God called unto Adam, and said unto him, Where art thou? And he said, I have heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because I was naked, and I hid myself. And he said, "Who told thee that thou were naked? Have thou eaten the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou should not eat?" Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's read Lamentation. The Lamentation of Jeremiah, chapter 3. That would be right after the book of Jeremiah. Lamentation chapter 3 let's read verse 21. See the way I mean Jeremiah placed this. He says this I recall to my mind therefore have I hope. What did he recall to his mind? Whenever you think about mercy, whenever you recall how God has been merciful to you, you can have hope for another day. Praise the Lord. If you come to the realization that it took his mercy to bring you this far, if that becomes real to you, then you can have hope. He says, "This I recall to my mind, therefore have I hope." It is of the Lord's mercy that we are not consumed because his compassion fileth not. They I knew every morning great is thy faithfulness. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, I would just throw myself in your hands and also commit the people to you, oh God, that Lord, you will come, Father, Lord, and and take your word, oh God, and just speak to us, Lord. Oh, Father God, may something be said, Lord, that would draw us closer in our walk, oh God. Father, may something, oh God. Lord, make mercy more real to us than ever before. I pray to God that father your grace will just come and help us now. To you be the praise, to you be the glory and honor. In the name of the Lord Jesus we pray. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Now at at first I never thought, you know, we were going to have a special speaker on uh on uh uh on Easter weekend. like like I said uh you know we contacted brother Crosby when we heard he was in the country to do uh a wedding so we we made contact with him and that's how we got in but before we got in uh I was thinking u uh on what I was going to speak if it will have fall on my lot to preach on uh on Easter what was I going to talk about so uh I had uh I was actually going to speak on on Barabas. I want to speak on Barabas. Uh been doing a couple of reading on Barabas. The character Barabas caught my attention and uh so uh I was going to I'm going to title my message Barabas. Now seeing that I didn't speak on Easter. So I was saying okay I have to find a time to be able to bring this message. So as I was thinking on what I was going to speak, even though that was not what was on my mind and uh uh uh when when my thought actually uh changed into what I want to speak about this morning and uh which of course I use the title of the song to tie to my message mercy walk in. So uh uh this is what attracted me to want to speak on that uh uh on that message of Barbash. If you look uh uh I will read this quote from you to you from the message uh God wrapped gift and uh uh when brother Brandon was preaching that message he said this. He said to an infane woman to a condemned barabash he revealed himself. So I was I was uh you know I was listening to series of message or like I try to do uh most every time and uh uh god rob gift was one of the message I was listening to and then when when that when that thought came across uh uh uh the tape I actually paused the tape and I I went back you know and I started paying attention to that and and because it was it has it has already fall in line with what my inspiration about Barabas was and uh uh because there's a there's a legend there's a story that that that speaks of Barabas that after he was released uh uh right from the beginning he was he was very confused because he knew that uh his offense was a capital punishment. Okay? He knew that his offense was a capital punishment. He knew that uh he was going to die. He was condemned to die because in Mark chapter 15, the Bible let us to know that uh uh uh Barabas uh was involved in an insurrection and uh uh and in that insurrection he uh he he murdered a man and and it's it's is told that this man that he murdered was uh was a Roman soldier. So uh uh he had a penalty of death over his head. So Barabas knowing there he's going to die, you know. And uh God bless you. God bless you. Okay. And uh congratulate congratulation again. Uh brother Belly had his graduation in the week. So uh we thank the Lord for taking him through that phase of school. Amen. That phase of his life now. So uh uh knowing that he had that thing hanging over his life, all he could be thinking in his mind was all that he ever did to get to this place. He could never think about preparing for any future because he know he was condemned to die. If he was thinking about everything, he would think about his loved ones. He would think about growing up. He would think about having fun. It was all in the past. His past became his hero. He never had a future because he was condemned to die. Praise the Lord. And uh so uh but for Barabas to receive uh uh uh uh a pardon and his pardon was not announced to him for him to prepare to walk into his pardon. his pardon came to him as a surprise because if you remember the story uh it was right there uh uh uh you know after uh Kai said we have no king but Caesar and uh uh and you know and and Pilate has gone back and forth and and trying to convince them I I see no wrong in this man and uh uh and and yet the people continued to cry crucify him and uh and and and Pilate will yield to their Lord at that time of the feast that one man should be released. So he thought he could convince them even though you want this man to be killed by calling to the Lord and according to your feast. Why not I gave you this man as the release man? They said no crucified him but give us Barabas. Barabas never heard nothing like that because he was in the dungeon. Amen. The people chanting gave us Barabas. He never heard it. If he would have heard it, it would have given you some sense of hope. Praise the Lord. Amen. He never heard it. And he was just there counting the days. He knew that when he hear the Roman soldiers stepping down those steps and getting down in the dungeon to get him out, he knew that his days were over. Praise the Lord. So, brother Brandon was said a little bit like this in God's robbas must have failed that vain. You know Barabas the story. Barabas is that uh outlaw that was caught. He was put down in a gallet was going to die the next morning. He was a thief. He was an outlaw. He was a murderer. A criminal. And all night long he walked up and down the jail pulling his head. For the next morning he went to the cross. Capital punishment. He would die. How the nightmare passed over him that night. How he couldn't rest. He couldn't even sleep because all he was thinking about was he was going to die and crucification was just it was the death penitent and because the the history will say uh the it was the the the the Persian that that really started crucification. When you read in the book of Esther where it says that Hermet went and make a gallop to hanker Modi that that was where crucification came from. Actually what he was going to do he was going to crucify uh Machi. And so the Roman took to them because uh uh in that way they could make uh uh the criminal feed the pain of death. Instead of just killing them immediately, they make them to feel the pain of death. They groan in agony and they see, you know, their life slowly leaving their body. And uh so and you think about there that uh uh that this man were facing that kind of a death, he would not sleep. I mean food does not have taste in the mouth of a man that know he's going to face that kind of a death. Praise the Lord. A young man, he had his whole future before him and yet he was condemned to die. You think what was the thought that went through his mind? Brother Brandon will continue the next morning. No breakfast or nothing, nor in his blood will be staunched out like among wolves. All at once he hear the chains the gate opening and he hear the soldiers, the trampling of the soldiers. and year come four or five battalion of the Roman soldiers spears in their hand walking up there the big jailer turn to kill Ke and he walked out Barabas he said oh don't kill me have mercy he said Barabas there is nothing wrong you are free praise the Lord now you think about how how did he process that? Amen. How did he process hearing you are free? Amen. Am I free to run so they can shoot me? Am I free to run into my death? Praise the Lord. You are free. How did I come freed? Somebody somebody pointed up that uh uh up that way. what it must have meant to Barabas when he seen the gift that took his place in death. I felt the same way God gift took my place in death. How that dying teeth on the cross nailed up there. Praise the Lord. Amen. So to just think about it, to just, you know, think about it that way that uh uh and the amazing thing also as I was thinking about the subject is that if you remember one time we talked about uh the giver uh uh the maker and the giver of names. And uh and we took the name of Barabbash. Uh uh and then because if you look at the name of Barabash, it really means Baraba means the son of a father, the son of the father. And uh uh if you go back and and you study some of uh the Jewish writing, they would tell you that uh uh that his full name was Jesus Barabas. They would tell you that his full name was Jesus Barabas. You see, we we have this place in us when we think about the crucification and uh because the people cry, "Give us Barabas, crucify Jesus." We have the tendency to take on Barabash as if he was the one that caused the death of Jesus. And we really don't see ourself at a place that it was because of our sin that he went to the cross. Praise the Lord. Barabas was a representation of every one of us. We were all condemned to die. We were all one way or the another a barabash either by our birth in sin, our sin nature, our attitude and the things that we know that we are guilty of. We were all barabas. Praise the Lord. But look at the beauty here. The Bible says Caiaphas prophesied when he said before Pilate according to our law this time of the feast one man should give his life for all. And he did not even know that he was prophesying. He was right line the scripture. Yeah. There was a man that would give his life for all. Amen. And then and then uh uh uh uh he said we have no king but Caesar. So you can see his uh his rejection for this man. Amen. His rejection for the Lord Jesus. And he really want this man to to to to die. He has just prophesied that there is there should be a man that should give his life for all. This is the man that is going to give his life for all. The very man that is going to be the sacrifice for for for Adam fallen race. He's rejecting that man with a kind of a religious hatred. Praise the Lord. But yet look at it again. They are crying give us Barabas. When you actually take they are crying in a literal sense. They are saying give us the son of the father. Praise the lord. But the son of the father that they are asking for is not the son of the heavenly father. Praise the lord. He's prophesying that one man should give his life for all. The one that should give his life. He's rejecting that one. Praise the Lord. This is the one that we want crucified. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Do you see how God's mercy walks in even when we don't want it? Praise the Lord. When we become arrogant and we become ignorant, he's putting up all of his religious muscles. He's the high priest. He's the man that the people looked to. He's defending them before Pilate and trying to see why this man must be crucified. Praise the Lord. But yet mercy, God's mercy is squeezing through the crack of his ignorance. Praise the Lord. Are we together? So that's what I was thinking about that drew me to this. And like I said, this statement caught my mind to the infin condemned Barabas. He revealed himself. Jesus revealed himself. Praise the Lord. The people cried, "Give us Barabas. Crucify him." Barbara's coming out of his death sentence. He got convicted. This man that is taking my place, what did he do? What is his crime? What kind of a crime have he committed that can be so greater than my my crime that he's taking my place? Praise the Lord. And all they could say is that he claimed to be the son of God. He called himself the Messiah. Is it not what the Lord says the Messiah will do? Praise the Lord. So you can just see what it is. What a haunting thought that went with Barabas the rest of his life. Praise the Lord. That the man that is taking his place never killed. He never he never fought against the Roman government. He never did anything. The only thing that he did is that he called himself the son of God. And some will say he opened the eyes of blind by Timoth. And some would say he was the one that raised up Jara's daughter. A woman with a blood issue touched him and she got well. Was that his crime for him to take my place? But that's what happened when mercy walks in. Praise the Lord. That's what happen when mercy walks in. But how many times do we recognize it? When mercy is right standing before our face, we're trying to defend our religious position. We're trying to defend uh uh uh you know uh the wrong that we have done, the the the reason why we did it and and the the the right that we have to do what we did. Praise the Lord. Are we together? When you go back just like we read there in Genesis chapter 3, the Bible says the voice of God was walking in the garden and that voice came walking. When our father Adam and our mother Eve has broke the commandment of God, praise the Lord. God has instructed them and they had brought the word of God. Amen. And in their guilt, they were trying to find the God fake leaves for themsel and and and and and cover their shame and and they were trying to find a place to hide. But see what the Bible says. The voice of God came walking. And what I want us to realize is that that voice of God was mercy that came walking in their fallen situation. Praise the Lord. Amen. Mercy took on a form and it could hear the footsteps of mercy. Praise the Lord. Many of the times when we do things that is wrong and your you you feel guilty, your heart start to race and and sometimes your heart beats so fast that you can hear the sound of of the beating of your heart. Praise the Lord. But when the grace of God comes in and God will make a provision and he will do something to bring you out of that situation. Many of the time we hear the footsteps of judgment and condemnation fear us. We we we are afraid and and we we are scaring what is going to happen. Our name is going to spawn and all of that. You know, we we hear out of the sound, but when mercy steps in, praise the Lord. Not many times we are tuned to hear the first step of mercy. Praise the Lord. But Adam being the son of God and and and and one that was uh always in the presence of God, he heard the Bible said there is no way that uh uh uh uh uh God would describe it that way if Adam never heard a footstep coming his way. He heard the voice of God walking in the garden saying, "Adam, Adam, where are you?" Like I always say, it's not that God was really looking for Adam or God never knew where Adam was, but God wanted to know if Adam really knew where he was. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because God knows where you are. He knows where your mind and your heart is this morning. But do you actually know where you are? I'm not talking about this building. Amen. I'm talking about where you are spiritually. Praise the Lord. Oh, he knows that address. Amen. Do you know where you are? What kind of a spirit you are hanging on? But he knows. And the moment he can get your attention to identify your address and you can work with him and accept, yeah, this is where I am. There mercy steps in because every time where mercy comes in, praise the Lord. If mercy steps in your situation, death has to step out. Amen. If mercy step in your situation, sickness have to step out. If mercy step in your situation, praise the Lord, everything that is contrary to the word of God had to step out. Are we together? Mercy walks right in there. And Adam said, "I hear your voice. and I hear myself. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Like Bert Brandon said, God slayed a lamb on the east side of Eden and he was walking with a with a dripping blood of of of lambkin. While they were running to hide themselves, he was he was following them, going to meet them just where they are. Are we together? This mercy of God. Jeremiah said, "If I record in my mind, if I recall in my mind or this I record in my mind, therefore I have hope that it is the Lord's mercy that we are not consumed." Amen. because his compassion fadeth not that he has not consumed us in his mercy. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. The Bible let us know he says here also they are renewed every morning. Praise the Lord. every morning. That's that is that is just uh uh uh uh a wonderful embrace that God is letting us know that when we break out of sleep and our eyes open mercy has just woke you up. Praise the Lord. That mercy has just woke you up. And God gave us new mercy every morning. What do we do with it? That would be the question. And you see, you can see all through the scripture. That's the thing that was going through my mind as I was thinking on this. You know, just see how God's mercy keep coming after us and running after us and trying to reconcile us to God. Praise the Lord. Amen. We have plans, you know, we make plans and and uh uh we plan our future, you know, we plan our career, we plan, you just, you know, we make plans. And the thing about it that is that uh I believe many of us we plan our future we prayed about it committed in the hands of the Lord but yet sometimes it's almost like uh uh for so many they're looking at the future they're looking at what they want to do the look at it in such a way that uh uh they rely on different abilities and provision and the very thing that that will have to bring them to their future they are not in contact with it. Praise the Lord. They are not in contact with it. But every day in our life, every morning like the scripture says, his mercy is renewed every morning. Every day if God would just take his mercy from us, we will not live. Amen. Just like the scripture says here, it is by his mercy that we are not consumed. So if we don't have mercy, definitely we will be consumed. Amen. Definitely we will be consumed. We will definitely be consumed. Only our thoughts is enough to consume us. The things that we imagine in our mind, the things we we feel on in our spirit is just enough to consume us. Praise the Lord. But the reason why we are not consumed is because of his mercy. Praise the Lord. Genesis chapter 6. Let's look there. Let's take on now because uh uh I need your help. Praise the Lord. The Bible will let us know in Genesis chapter 6. And it came to pass when men be to multiply upon the face of the earth, daughter were born unto them that the sons of God saw the daughters of men that they were fed and they took wives as many. And the Lord said, "My spirit will now always strive with men." Praise the Lord. Amen. My spirit will not always strive with men. And that's what mercy is doing for us is striving with us trying to get our attention. But because of the increase of wickedness and what was happening, God is saying my spirit will no longer strive with men. I've I've thrown bars in their way. I've I've thrown situation before them just to get their attention. But this time the Bible will let us know here that the imagination of men. Verse five we read for God saw that the wickedness of men was great in the earth and that every imagination of their thoughts the thoughts of their heart was only evil continuously. Praise the Lord. Amen. Their mind was so filled with wickedness and evil that in every way God tried to wave his mercy before them. They were so determined to continue their wicked hearts. And God is saying, "My spirit will no longer strive with me." Verse seven. And the Lord said, I will destroy men whom I have created from the face of the earth, both man and beasts, and creeping things, and the flowers of the earth, for it repented me that I made them. Praise the Lord. Now, see how mercy works in verse eight. But Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. In such a time where the imagination of men is evil and wicked and and and and that just all they want to do. That just all they want to consume their strength in wickedness to their own hurt. in such a time. Yeah, the grace of God is finding a man that's that's not a a a Noah righteousness. That's that's not uh there is nothing that he did. It was just mercy stepping in. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And that is the same with every one of us. There is nothing that you did or your parent did for you to have the privilege to hear God voice in this age to know that God send a message in this age. It is nothing that runs in your natural bloodline. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. It's mercy that has just walked in. Praise the Lord. I'm telling you because there are hundreds of people that could do better with this message than many of us that have heard it over and over and over again. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, there are people young and old that are so consumed and they are burdened with the little that they know about Christ. They want to tell somebody. They little they know about they want to do something. Praise the Lord. And all that we have knowed about Christ is just to destroy destroy and condemn. Praise the Lord. Because we are the bride. We are the favorite people on earth. So all we do we just go around and condemn people. This was how Mercy walked in that age. Mercy steps in and find a farmer. A man that was a farmer. He was a gardener. Praise the Lord. And the Bible says Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. Hallelujah. Noah found grace in the eyes of the Lord. A man that was a gardener. God will tell him to build a boat. How will he do it? He's not a builder. God will give him a message and tell him that he will build a boat because he's going to floor the earth and he's going to destroy men that he has made because his spirit will no longer strive with them. He has given them mercy and mercy and mercy and they keep spitting in the face of mercy. Praise the Lord. Amen. The way we know how much you appreciate God's mercy is what you are doing with the grace that he has given to you. Praise the Lord. Amen. what are you doing with the grace that he gives to us every day? And God would give mo I mean Noah a message and Noah would get out there and and and starts to tell the people that there's coming a destruction. Now this God is just a god. He's not even a major in a city. He does not have a voice. Nobody will know him until he get on the stage and start telling the people about a judgment. How are they going to believe him? When they when they put his name up in Google, nothing come up about Noah. Praise the Lord. He don't have anything on Facebook. He just a poor gardener there h trying to take care of his family. But yet God gave him a message for that generation. Praise the Lord. When mercy walks in your life, sometimes it change your career. It change your cost of life. Praise the Lord. He don't know anything about measurement. All he knows is about menu and soil and seeds. But now God is giving him a work where he's going to measure the length, the birth, the height, the weight. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's the mercy of God. That is the mercy of God. And you see it when when when mercy steps into your life, if the grace like the Bible says, Noah found grace in the sight of the Lord. If if God can give you grace to be able to identify at that moment, I'm telling you, it can change the course of your life without your effort. God don't need your effort. He never needed your effort to bring you here. He don't need your effort to take care of you. All he needs is your acknowledgement of him. Praise the Lord. All it is is your acknowledgment. Praise the Lord. And he will go on The Bible says 120 days, 20 years he go on preaching, believing, resounding, reminding the people, being faithful to what was given to him. Praise the Lord. Oh, I pray that mercy will walk in for somebody this morning. Amen. I pray that mercy will walk in for somebody this morning. And he preached 120 years. I believe there were many men that tried to build boats just like uh Noah just in case. Just in case if what he's saying ever happened, I'm going to get the the fastest speeding machine. Praise the Lord. God was going to flood the word. So I don't know where you going to go. He were not just flooding one city. He was going to flood the word. It was the generation that day. Are we together? Now, there was something that blessed my heart. I like to share it with you. You know, I've I've always you you you you read that story about about Noah and you and you you hear about uh uh uh you know uh God allowing him to to to have the animals come into the ark. I've always thought in the back of my mind how how did it happen? Amen. We know that he's the God of the universe. Praise the Lord. He speaks to every creature. God speaks to every creature. Praise the Lord. He gives uh animal instincts. With that instinct that God gave the animal, they are able to hear the voice of God and run away from danger. Praise the Lord. With that instant, they have they can hear the voice of God. They can sense when when the when the weather change that they need to go down south, there's going to be snoring here. Everything is going to be white. The birds will not have food. With that instance, they can fly down into another place. Praise the Lord. Amen. But I never really thought about it this way. And uh uh uh are we together? God provide a way. Let me let me just share this with you and and and just to see how it fit right into the scripture. as it was in the days of Noah, their first thunder. Praise the Lord. Amen. If you are you, you know, you you're in you are in the word of God, the the in the scripture, the message of the hour, you know how that word thunder stands out. Brother Bam called it the first thunder. Praise the Lord. Mine. I look up there and I and I can hear the begin to scoff at him and wonder what it was. A blast went off somewhere. Let's look uh uh uh even at the animal. I can see the old mother bird sitting up in the tree. And uh now so where where where this thought is going is that if you take this thought and take it over to St. John chapter 12. Praise the Lord. Right after the resurrection of Lazarus, Jesus was there with his disciples. And the Bible says that the uh they heard what sounded like a thunder in the natural in their natural yearing. It was a thunder that rose in the heaven. Praise the Lord. And they were all guessing, oh, it's a thunder is going to rain and all of that. And Jesus told them it was because of you that sounded. Praise the Lord. Why? It was a turn to them. It also identified the voice of God. Praise the Lord. That's what I want to bring out of this. Brother Brandham is trying to let us to know that it was the thunder, the rolling of the thunder that called the animal. They heard the voice of God in the thunder. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. If those animals who hear the voice of God in the rolling of the thunder, that's a voice of God that have sounded in this day. Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. The sounding of the voice of God might sound like a thunder in the ears of the unbelievers. But told the seed of God, the sons and daughters of God is a voice of God that will literally change our body. Praise the Lord. They heard the first thunder. We will hear the last thunder. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. Genesis chapter 12. Let's travel a little bit. Are we together? Genesis chapter 12, the Bible, which says, "Now the Lord has said unto Abraham, get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father house, unto a land that I will show thee, and I will make of thee a great nation. I will bless thee and make thy name great, and thou shall be a blessing. Praise the Lord. Did God make Abraham's name great? Oh yeah, his name is great because you cannot talk about faith without talking about Abraham. Praise the Lord. Amen. when mercy walked into his life just as a young man and mercy say get thee out of your father's house out of your kindred I will bless you I will make your name great when mercy walk into his life not even understanding what was happening but there was something that was dealing with his heart bringing him to conviction Praise the Lord. Amen. We have all the troubles that we have around ourself because we are trying to sort things out by ourself. Praise the Lord. Mercy stepped in his life and told him, "Get thee out. I will bless you. I will make your name great." And you will be the father of nations. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. He heard the voice of God and and and uh and and I mean he was going where where is he going? He's just going. He's just obeying. Did he make mistakes in the line of obedience? Yes, he did. Was he afraid? Yes, he was afraid. Praise the Lord. In a time of farming, he went over to the land of Egypt. He fell in the hands of Aimilec that was about to destroy his wife. Glory be to God. But because he embraced mercy that walked in from the beginning, God stole for him and told Abim, give this man his wife back. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Are we together? And that same God that dealed with Abraham, he's the same God that is dealing with us. He's the same God that we have to deal with that knows everything about our life, everything that we are going through, everything that we are dealing with. that seen God. Praise the Lord. God says, "I will make you a nation. I make your name great. You will be the father of nation." And he say he don't even have a child. Glory be to God. But the Bible says Abraham never he never struggled at the promise of God. He did not fully understand it. He tried everything that he could do to to to to be right and live right and do what God says. But in his heart he believe. Praise the Lord. In his heart he believe. the God that is and the rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Praise the Lord. In his heart he believed. Glory be to God. Genesis chapter 18 the Bible would tell us at a time when it looks like everything has failed. Then mercy. While Abraham was sitting under the tree one evening, mercy mercy decided to visit him. Amen. Praise the Lord. In the cold of the evening, the same mercy that came down for Adam and Eve mercy took on a body. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We have to realize people. We have to realize before we came here. I was just talking to a couple yesterday and uh uh you know talk a little bit about this. At our conception, there was a million exhales. There was a million blood cells from our father and from our mother. And with all of those egg cells and blood cells, it took two of them to meet for us to be born. The two that made us, if there was another two that will have met, you and myself, we were not going to exist. In all the million cells, million egg cells that came from our mother, million egg cells that I mean uh uh blood cells that came from our dad. It took two cells, two of those cells, the blood cells and the egg cells to meet for us to be born. The determination of which of those cells will meet. Praise the Lord. Out of the million, it just took two to meet for there to be a conception. If there was another two that met, you wouldn't have been here. You will not hear me saying this. There was a particular tool that met for you to be born. And the determination of those cells that we meet, it was not our choosing. It was his choosing. And even when they met, whether it's going to be a boy or a girl, who did the choosing? He did the choosing. Praise the Lord. Amen. He did the choosing. Hallelujah. I went to a place one day and and a lady uh my wife and and and and the children just came from the shop and and I stopped there. I didn't know. And as soon I got in the shop the you know the she's a friend of us and and she just shouted at me like that you know in a joking way. What what's wrong with you? I what did I do? You know what's wrong with you man? You cheated your wife. How your girls can resemble you like that? She caught me off gas. you know your girls resemble you too much. I told her, I said, "Look, I was actually going to be a girl, but God wanted me to preach and she just bust." She started laughing because I didn't know where the where the thing was coming from, you know. I just stopped in the shop to get some few things and I mean, she just throw it. I mean, your your girls resemble you too much. Why? I mean, she was just shouting all over the place. I told say I was going to be a pretty girl, but God had another plan. So he he he determines he make the choosing. Are we together? Amen. And if the choosing that he have made we can appreciate it. Praise the Lord. When we didn't have any contribution. Don't you think that if he choose you to be a man, he already choose who's going to be your wife? Don't you think that when you choose and design you to be your woman, he have already chosen who's going to be your husband? Praise the Lord. Are we together? And if we can appreciate the choice that he he has made, how much more about the rest of our life? Did he just choose us to be what we are for us to come here and just struggle and fight our way and you know and run into everything that we are going into. Praise the Lord. Glory be to God. Solomon will say it's in the book of Proverbs like I mentioned on Wednesday night and uh looking at looking in there for something for Mother's Day. I want to kind of talk about uh uh the feminine part of God. But God made man in his image, male and female. If that was his image, then God has a feminine part. Amen. God has a feminine part. And it's it's beautiful. If you see that, you read a book of proverb like I encourage you to read, you will see where Solomon, he takes wisdom, understanding, and instruction. He takes all of that and put it in the feminine gender. It's very beautiful if you can see it. When Solomon gave his instruction in the book of proverb, it looks like his own is speaking to his sons. My son, hear the instruction of your father, my son. He keeps speaking to his son. Praise the Lord. But when he speaks of the woman, he said, "Wisdom build her house and she took seven pillows." Are we together? So you see that is that is the thing about the God that we serve. The reality of almighty God is his design. Amen. Is his design. That is the thing that beats the evolution theory because it has to take an intelligence to get a design. You cannot get a specific design just out of chaos. Praise the Lord. Amen. It has to take intelligence to get a design. And that's the reason why every designer put their name on their on their brand and almighty God that designed us has also put his name on his brand. Hallelujah. Amen. And so we see mercy walks in for the uh uh Abraham even at an old age mercy steps in. Genesis chapter 15 Abraham told God and said I'm I'm I'm child I'm old and I'm going childish. Let me take Eleazar a faithful servant in my house and make him my son. God said no. I said by Sarah and is by Sarah. Praise the Lord. Because he never failed his promises. Hallelujah. Every day. Every day. Every day. Mercy works in our situation, walks in our lives. Praise the Lord. We only feel like we are defeated or we feel like things is out of order because we are not identifying. We're not hearing the sound of mercy footstep. If it was not because of the mercy of God, just like the prophet said, Jeremiah, we will have all been consumed. But if God's mercy is keeping you, it because he has a purpose. Amen. He has a purpose. Almighty God has a purpose and the purpose of God is never defeated. Praise the Lord. We look in the talking message and you see here he says when when he becomes both the judge, the jury and the attorney, he plead our case. Amen. We found guilty by his own law and he come and took the guilty person place. Amen. that was in the sanctuary. And he took his sin and and he took it upon himself and he died and paid the price and share his blood and and and and gave back his own token, his own life. He gave back his own life to us as a token. Praise the Lord. So our George became our jury and he is our lawyer, our attorney. He took our place. He took the case over. That's what mercy do. Mercy is not just an expression. Every day God's mercy takes different form in our life. Praise the Lord. Amen. It takes different form in our life. While we are pilate, the case is dismissed. There is there is there is no more sin to the believer. Oh God have mercy. If the people can see that that there is no more there is no more case. He that heareth my word and believe on him that sent me have eternal life and shall not come into the judgment but is passed from death unto life. There is the case case dismissed. No more case. Why? Because mercy stepped in. Amen. Mercy became your judge. Merc mercy became your jury. Praise the Lord. Mercedes is the one pleading on your behalf. Are we together? But yet that mercy has become a curse word in our mouth. You hear people, oh God have mercy, and they don't even know what mercy is. That if it was not for mercy, you won't even have the breath to breathe. You won't have the breath to breathe. You won't be able to lift your tongue in your mouth. Are we together? We see that all through the ages. Look at uh uh uh Exodus chapter 3. The Bible will let us to know because of the jealousy of Joseph's brothers. They were jealous over him for something that uh it was not his fault. Praise the Lord. It was not his fault. He was just being a boy, being being one of the youngest boy and and and just trying to tell tell his brothers uh uh uh you know what what was wrong. I woke up this morning. I had a dream. Praise the Lord. and and and and for some reason jealousy, you know, have just have just eaten him up and and they will destroy this boy and and and and send him down to Egypt. Sell him down to Egypt. Praise the Lord. And now they will be they will find them themselves in Egypt. There they have become slaves. Praise the Lord. Their own sin is now enslaving them. Their own jealousy and envy is now enslaving them in Egypt. How will God have mercy? I believe every day they are there when the Egyptian is whipping them. They are saying, "Oh God, have mercy. Oh God, have mercy on me." And this is the way that God will have mercy. Praise the Lord. Mercy will come to them. when a child that was born was was sent into Pharaoh Palace and he grew there as an Egyptian. Praise the Lord. And trying to deliver them by the military power. A man was killed and he ran away. That was Moses. And Moses decided, okay, I'm going to change my career. I'm I'm going to become a a sheep hoarder at the back side of the desert. But God I remember his promise. Praise the Lord. The Lord remember. Praise the Lord people. God remember. Praise the Lord. God remembers. When he remember his promise, mercy will come to them in a strange way. Moses will be at the backside of the desert and he will see a fire caught up in the bush burning. Praise the Lord. Amen. His scientific knowledge has kick up in his head. He want to see why the leaves are not burning. As he get close there, he will find mercy. Praise the Lord. The mercy that will deliver them from slavery will come to them in a form of a message. A word that was given to to to Moses, go and tell Pharaoh to let my people go. Praise the Lord. But did the people really believe that this was God's mercy? Amen. Why? Because they know of Moses failure. They know that he's a man that have run away. Praise the Lord. Amen. Can they can they be able to accept? Can you Can we be able to see mercy even in our failures, even in our mistakes? Praise the Lord. Because sometimes that's the reason why people just they just throw their shoulder and they just do everything that they have done because they they feel that they are a failure. Praise the Lord. They have broken God's word. They have done all of this. So for me it's it's done. I'm just going to live anyway. I wish we we all had uh uh uh the key to our life that way. Praise the Lord. Just like he's the altar and finisher of our faith is the same way he's the altar and finisher of our life. He's the one that gave her birth to breathe. He's the one that can cut it off any time. Praise the Lord. Like I said before, just like you would never be able to determine when you cross consciousness into sleep. that transition you will never get the signs of it. Praise the Lord. You never get the signs of it. Sometimes you ride on the phone talking with somebody and you hear yourself snoring. Praise the Lord. It's It happened so fast. So fast. You You don't You don't have the There is nothing you can do to control that. Praise the Lord. That is just a living evidence that you don't have control over this life that is in your body. Praise the Lord. Mercy steps in for them through a man that was a failure. Praise the Lord. Through a man that was a failure. And sometimes that is our problem. Are we able to look beyond the failure and realize that this is mercy for us? Because of our failure, we get so scared. We get so afraid. We don't want to try. We we don't want to we don't want to do anything. We just kept in that bubble of fear and we make fear our life. We interpret everything by fear. Praise the Lord. You have make your failure your hero. Glory be to God. But if we would just realize, if we would just realize if your fear could kill you, you will not live another day. I don't know if you have ever been to that place where you are so afraid you don't even want to sleep. Somehow you sleep. You wake up and then you still get afraid. Praise the Lord. Somehow you fall asleep. Is is that not a place to bounce back and say for what was I afraid of anyway? What was I afraid of? If I was going to die, I should be there when I was sleeping. But somewhere we fight our way back into fear. Praise the Lord. The thing that was not there, we start looking for it. We fight our way right back into fear. Oh, that that's a very good ingredient for the devil to abuse your mind because he's going to make every sound sound so loud. Everything will run so fast because you are afraid. Everything will run so fast. The door will slam when it's just closed in the normal way. It always closed. Praise the Lord. People, we have to believe he got it all in control. Amen. He have it all in control. And he have our lives and life situation in control. If we can just be able to listen when mercy is walking in. If we can just be able to listen when mercy is walking in. Every time mercy walks in, he gave us a second chance. To do better where we have failed. Praise the Lord. And the only way you can do better where you have failed, you have to step on your failure and go over it. You can never do better where you have failed. If if your failure if fear is standing behind before you, you got to step over it and go forward. If we can listen to the voice when mercy walks in because that same voice that walk to meet our parents in the garden of Eden is walking and calling your name every day. Every day. Mercy is walking in. He say whatever you have gone through did not consume you. It did not kill you. I'm here to make it better for you. Praise the Lord. He pleaded our case. The only thing he was guilty of was his love for you. That's the only thing he was guilty of. That was just the only thing he was guilty of. Can you imagine the kind of a life that Baraba slave? And that is the thing that has not become real to the Christian church. The conviction of why God will love us. Many of the time we attribute it to the things that we have done when it does not have anything to do with that. Praise the Lord. And we have now got to the place where that love has really affected our life. Praise the Lord. History said he never became a believer. He became a believer in his own way because he wanted to do something to pay back. Praise the Lord. He was already a violent man. So he was ready to fight because he just couldn't understand why the man will give himself will be replaced in hisstead. Are we together? Let's read Ephesians chapter 2. We'll try to close here. Paul will says in Ephesians chapter 2, you have he quickened who were dead in trespass and sin wherein in time past you walk I call into the cause of this word. I calling to the prince of the power of air, the spirit that now walketh in the children of disobedient, among whom also we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and the mind, and where by nature the children of wrath even as others. But God. But God. Amen. But God rich in mercy walk into our life. God rich in mercy has come down to change the course of our life. Give us a sense of decency and respect. gave us a sense of uh of of of of what life should be. But God rich in mercy. Praise the Lord. He says, "We were we were all on the the praise of the power of the air, the the the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience." Praise the Lord. Amen. When you remember what we talked about on Messiah the prince, spiritual power, Paul is telling us that we all have the tendency to be wicked. It's in our spirit. We were born under that. We have the tendency. It's there. Unless almighty God comes and bring your conviction. Unless God comes and do a regeneration in our life, we are born under the prince of the power of the earth. The spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience. But God rich in mercy. Mercy walks in our life one day. and took you by the hands. Praise the Lord. Mercy steps in one day. Glory be to God. And he will says there are in in the book of Colossian how he has uh he has transferred us from the kingdom of darkness to the kingdom of light. Mercy took our hands and took us from under the curses of the past. What could have become generation curse and and family curse and and and and things that run down. Mercy came and took us out. Praise the Lord. When mercy works in your life, your life can never be the same. Amen. Amen. It can remain the same if you don't recognize God's mercy. If you despise God's mercy, there's nothing left for you than for your life to be hanging on a judgment. Praise the Lord. God reach in mercy. He was says, "Look what he did. How now we can see how he promised each age a certain thing will happen. And we find out that it happened just exactly like it that he said it will because he is rich in mercy to always have mercy to fulfill his word that he have promised. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's mercy that brings us to God's provider way. It's mercy that open our eyes to make the word of God important to our life. Praise the Lord. All the people love God. They love the word. They enjoy the word. There's not a power to rise up and live what is in this word. They live on a haunting condemnation because they know that the word is truth but the power to live it is not there. The grace to be able to rise above lust, evil desires, fornication, idolatrine and all the rest of the other things. Praise the Lord. most especially now we we living in in in in such an internet age. Glory be to God. When I was thinking about the Lord gave her that I was going to talk about this morning. I was right there in Matthew chapter 5. You know if if uh just looking at that scripture Jesus says you have heard in the Lord that thou shall not commit adultery. Amen. The same one that gave the Lord he came down and say I have not come to condemn the Lord but I have come to fulfill the law. He was the lawgiver. Praise the Lord. And you just read read the context. We will get there. But he says that if a man lost in his heart, right? So you see the lawgiver was trying to make these people honor Judaism to realize you really never understood what Moses gave you. Praise the Lord. You really never understood it because the fact that is that no man can live the law of God until God change your heart. That's true. Praise the Lord. He says, "And that's the reason why I have come so I can say unto you, be perfect as your heavenly father is perfect because it would take the one that gave the Lord to live perfection in you. G. Hallelujah. Amen. But this morning, I don't know where you are in your life. I don't know uh what you're dealing with but the same way I felt in my heart to appreciate when mercy walks in for me. Praise the Lord. It was just few days after my birthday. That would have been my first time to get drunk. Some friends have set a party for me and I was going to that party and mercy walks in and met me right on the road. I never forget about that. I never forget about that. Mercy walks in that evening and mercy has led me just a teenage boy. Is by his mercy that we are not consumed. Praise the Lord. And every one of us this afternoon can be able to reflect on our life. How many times mercy has walked in our life? There has been some close to death move moment in our life. Praise the Lord. There have been incidents where it could have been the end of our life. But mercy walks in. Praise the Lord. This this was just more like a reflection to me. I was dead in praying when this song came to my mind and and I just started to sing it and then I just couldn't get back to studying and preparing myself. I just I just carried carried away just to be able to appreciate when mercy works in our life. How many times Praise the Lord. To realize that we are not better than the people out there. To realize all that we know, we cannot even give account of what we have done with the grace that he has given to us. What have we done with it? What have we done with it? Are we just using it to make ourselves special? and think that we are above every other people. His grace is given to us for us to be able to carry on. For us to be able to carry on and be able to tell other people about his grace and tell people when mercy came in my life, the mercy that have changed my life can also help you. Amen. musicians, you can come another day. We'll preach today. I'm just here to testify. Amen. I'm just here to testify because you look in all ages, God has find a special way to bring mercy to his people. Praise the Lord. I don't know what's going on in your mind this morning or this afternoon and what you are thinking about. But no matter what you're dealing with, there's a man that can turn on the light. [Music] No matter what you're struggling with in your life, no matter what the enemy is trying to use to abuse God's mercy in your life. You don't need to strive with God because there will be a time that he can strive no more with you. We just need to surrender. We just need to give it [Music] in. Do you feel like that this morning? That is mercy that has rewrote your life. I don't know. I think about it all the time. Maybe I would have been dead or maybe I was going to be in prison. I don't know what was going to become of my life. If mercy never caught me at that time rewrote my life. You have fallen. My soul cast down. All mercy ruled my life. Oh, God's [Music] mercy rewrote my life. Oh, mercy rerote my life. [Music] I you have fallen. My soul cast out of mercy rero my life. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. It was your mercy that reroll my life. Let's appreciate him this morning. Oh mercy rero my life. [Music] You are falling and my soul cast down mercy reo my life. [Music] Oh, God's mercy re my life. I don't know about you this morning. Oh, mercy. Rule my life. [Music] You are falling. My soul cast down ro. You know when you think about God's mercy this way, it bring a lot of things to your mind. If you know me, if you know me, I'm not too much about talking things about my life because there is nothing much good to talk about. But just appreciating God's mercy. This will be few months before I got saved. This was in June. I got saved in October. I went to look for where my mama used to live. That was back in Liberia during the waring and then I got arrested by some men. If you look right behind my my my left ear, you will see a scar mag there and also in my head. Those guys were determined to beat me to death. They took me into a a compound that was that was desolated. Everybody has run away and and [Music] uh you know asking me different question just in my in my my innocent mind. I I just I was just talking to them, you know, just like talking to everybody. And one of the guys, he went uh he went out of the compound. He I believe he went to look for the gun, but he didn't get it. He came back. He was so mad. And then I was sitting talking with the other gentlemen. I mean, those guys [Music] uh right in the middle of my head yet. If you look [Music] here, because my back was turned and he came from my back. I mean, he hit me so hard that I pass out. I was sitting on the stairs and I did not know when I found myself on the floor, I pass out. And that's when he hit me the back of my ears. my my left ear and I slowly turned on my back and I didn't even know what was happening because I was out of faith. I was completely out of faith. And with my eyes struggling to open, I saw this individual standing right over me with, you know, it was just almost like the n the last hit and I would have been gone. I was not saved [Music] yet and mercy step in for me. The mercy of God stepped in for [Music] me. The mercy of God stepped in for me. 3 months after the Lord saved me that night. There is no way there is no way you can think about the mercy of God. And I believe uh many of you might have had a very close to death moment in mind. But like Jeremiah said, it's because of his mercy that we are not consumed. Whether by substance or whether by fire or what about what the things that could have destroyed taken our life [Music] You see why I just quote and preach because I was just I was just so consumed by these thoughts and just thinking about [Music] mercy. The many times that mercy has walked in my life and I even need it this morning. I need it this morning. You have fallen. My soul cast mercy rewrote my life. Oh God mercy rewrote my life. Oh mercy rerro my life and I you have fallen my soul cast down but mercy rero my life. Let's sing that one more time now. Oh mercy reroad my life. Oh mercy rero my life. You are falling. My soul cast down but mercy rules my life. Your grace and mercy. [Music] Dear Yes, your grace and your mercy has brought me true. I'm living this world and Lord all because of you. I want to thank you and to praise you too. Oh, your grace and mercy has brought me. Oh, yes. Lord, your grace and mercy has brought me truth. Yes, Lord, I'm living this morning. All because of you. I want to thank you. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Lord your grace and your mercy has brok. Let's just stand to our feet and worship him now. Oh, your grace and your mercy has brought me true. I'm living this moment all because of you. I want you to thank you and to praise you too. Your grace and your mercy has brought me. Let's sing it one more time now. Oh, your grace and your mercy has brought me true. Living this moment all because of you. I want I want to thank you. Thank you. And you praise [Music] your grace and your mercy. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah Jesus. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. Thank you father. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be your name Jesus name Jesus. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you. Give me the praise. Thank you. Give me the glory and the honor. Thank you. Hallelujah. Glory to your name Jesus. Amen. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Bless your name Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you precious Lord Father. Thank you Lord God. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh thank you father. Blessed be your name Lord. Blessed be your holy name Jesus. Oh God we just thank you father. Lord God for your wonderful oh what a wonderful God you are Lord Jesus. Thank you for your goodness Lord God. Thank you for mercy Lord. Mercy that has walked into our lives. Oh God. Oh father, I pray Lord in the name of Jesus. You know where your children are. Father God, you know what they are dealing with Lord. You know where they need you the most. Lord, I pray almighty God. May you come true, Father. Lord, may you come through Lord Jesus, just to know and appreciate, oh God. Father, thy mercy, oh God, thy walk in the hour of our need. Oh God, thy mercy, Father, of all God that save us from the hand of destruction, Lord, thy mercy, Father God, Lord is able to see us through. Oh God, Father, oh thank you, precious Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. God, thank you, Jesus. Lord, oh, we just give you the praise, Lord. Father, what a wonderful God you are. What a blessed savior you are. Jesus, we just thank you, Father God. I pray oh precious Lord Jesus may your children year oh God the footstep of mercy Father walking into their situation Lord walking into their lives oh father God may they not dispass your mercy oh God father Lord may they not turn their back to your mercy Lord but may mercy walks in and help them oh God father whatever their need is oh God oh father we thank you Lord Jesus we thank you we praise you Lord we thank Thank you. We glorify your name Jesus. We thank you and we magnify you Lord. Oh precious Lord. Halleluah. Thank you precious Lord Jesus. Thank you Savior divine. Yes Lord Jesus God. Oh father Lord. Blessed be your holy name Jesus. Blessed be your name oh God. I pray father Lord God that your grace now Lord will come and go with us oh father Lord God. Oh Jesus when we wake up every morning oh God may we look into the face of your mercy and say thank you. Thank you for another day. Thank you for the renewed mercy. Thank you oh God father. Lord for everything that God you put us through. Everything that go you going to carry us through Lord. Father, I know that God, it's by your mercy, Father, Lord God, that this little assembly still stands. Oh God, it's by your mercy, Father, Lord God, we come here, Lord Jesus, it's by your mercy, oh Father, Lord God, that you can bring your promise to pass, oh Father, oh God, we thank you. We thank you, Jesus. We praise your name, Lord. Bless your people now, Father, as we go in the peace of the Lord, Jesus. Oh father, what a god. What a savior. What a king you are, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. We love you. We thank you, Father. Father, we appreciate you, Lord. What an awesome God you are. What a wonderful savior you are, Jesus. Thank you for mercy. Thank you for mercy, Lord, that has walked into our life, oh God. May we get a hold of your hands. Yes. Hold the hands of mercy. Oh God, I pray. Father, we love you. We thank you. We appreciate you now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Oh, praise the Lord. Let's sing that chorus. When I think about the goodness of Jesus and all he has done for me. Yeah. [Music] Oh, when I think of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. My soul cries out. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Oh, when I think of the mercies of Jesus and all he has done for me, my very soul cries out. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God for saving me. Oh yes, when I take of the goodness of Jesus. Oh, and all he has done for me. My soul cries out. Hallelujah. And I praise God for sing. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, when I think of the mercies of [Music] Jesus and all he has done for me. [Music] In my soul, I cry out hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Oh, let's just praise him now. Let's praise him. [Music] Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. and all you have done for me. My soul cries out hallelujah. Oh, praise God for sing. Oh, and when I think of the goodness of Jesus and all that he has been to me, oh my soul cries out, hallelujah and praise the Lord God for saving. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. of the goodness of Jesus and what he has done for me. My soul cries now. Hallelujah. Praise God for saving [Music] me. The goodness of Jesus what he has done for me. My soul cries out hallelujah and praise God for saving me. [Music] Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus, I would never forget. Let's sing that. Jesus, I would never forget all you have done for me. [Music] Oh, I will never forget no. Oh, Jesus, I will never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I will never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I will never forget how you brought me out. Oh Jesus, I will never [Music] forget. Oh yes, Jesus, I will never forget how you
