################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - June 8, 2025 Sunday Service Pastor Bloteh Won - The Law-Giver - Bloteh Won.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   June 8, 2025 Sunday Service: Pastor Bloteh Won - The Law-Giver
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzzovcok_Ak
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Wonder. [Music] There will be peace in the valley. There will be peace in the valley for me. Amen. There will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord I pray there be no sadness, no sorrow, no trles. I see there will be peace in the valley for me. Let's try the first verse. Well, I'm tired yet. [Music] See the Lord come and go your way. Oh yes. Well, the morning is so bright and the lamb is so light. And the night is as long as the sea. There will be peace in the valley of the day. There will be peace in the [Music] valley for me. Oh Lord I pray there is no sadness no sorrow no no [Music] tri the [Music] valley where the Air will be gentle and the world will be t and the light shine down by the lamb. Oh yes. And the beast of the wild shall by the I'll be changed. I'll be changed. If you sing once again, there will be peace. Oh, there will be peace. One of this day in the valley for me. Oh, glory. Someday there will be peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord, I pray. There be no sadness, no sorrow, no trles. I see where we in the valley for you. [Music] Oh, there will be peace in the valley someday. Oh, glory. Oh, there will be peace in the valley. Me, oh Lord, I pray there be no sadness. No sorrow, no tri I see there will be peace in the valley. Can we all sing it once again? All of us. Oh, there will be peace in the valley for me. Give me peace in the valley for me. Oh Lord I pray. There be no sadness, no sorrow, no trles. I see there will be peace in the [Music] valley for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe him with all your hearts? One of this day there going to be peace in the family. Hallelujah. How many of us have come to touch him? is here this morning. Touching Jesus, it's all that really matters. Hallelujah. And your life will never be the same. [Music] There is only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Can you touch him this morning? touching Jesus is all that really matter. [Music] Hallelujah. And your love will never be the same. There is only one way to touch you. Just believe when you call his name. Can we personify? Oh, I'm touching Jesus. for it's all that really matter. Take it personal now this morning. Oh, then my life will never [Music] be the same. For there is only one way to touch you. I must believe when I call on his name. Hallelujah. Oh to Jesus. It's all that really matters. Hallelujah. Oh, and my life will never be the same. For there is only one way to touch you. I must believe when I call his name one more time. Touching Jesus is all that really matters. [Music] Oh, and my life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch. Just believe there's a call on his name. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, glory. touching Jesus. It all really matters. Hallelujah. And your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch him. Just believe when you call on his name. Let's sing that one more time. Oh yes. Worshiping Jesus is all that really matters. And your life will never be the same. There is only one way to touch. Just believe when you call on his name. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. We have few prayer needs here we want to take up this morning and uh um but Wesley called in yesterday evening. Um Sister Karen is not feeling well. I think she's she's hurting on her knees and u and lately the the bright light has also been disturbing brother Wesley eyes. So, it's been uh a little bit challenge challenging for them to make the drive down. So, we we want to take up a prayer leave for her this morning and had a little time to talk and pray with her on the phone last night, but um we promised that we're going to bring it before the church this morning. So, uh, we want to do that. And, uh, uh, thanks be to God for helping my brother Joel Joy with, uh, a long a long blade condition this weekend. Praise the Lord. Also, thanks be to God for helping us move Brother Paul to a new place this weekend. Also today uh I celebrate uh Scat's 22nd birthday. That's from sister Naom. Amen. This will have been brother Scott's birthday and um uh we want to we want to thank the Lord uh for for touching brother George and also for helping out there with brother Paul. Let's bow our heads and u while we take these prayer needs this [Music] morning. Another prayer need from our uh minister text group. praying for uh sister Pam Kennedy, sister Aniston. She's developing cough and uh sister Pam also sounds really deep. Praying that the Lord would touch u touch them and that it is not bronish or pneumonia. And uh we have another prayer need here that's from brother Andrew Buscow in Shivak. Uh uh for his grandson Jivers uh the demons of depression is sinking again. He is needing uh he's needing his mom who died there some years ago and he is going through uh abandonment spirit. He is in Delta hoping to work and needing comfort. So we just want to take that to the Lord also in prayer this morning. But before we bring all of these knees, I just want us to take our hearts to the Lord and uh let's pray together for thanking him for giving us another time to be in his house and uh uh saw brother Lawrence back there go to have our brother in church. He was in service on Wednesday. We pray that the Lord will bring him through a complete healing. And we just want to give thanks also brother Ariel on the piano. His wife gave birth in the week. Uh she's recovering home with her mother uh sister Aries. So we just want to thank the Lord for all of that. Let's give thanks together before we bring these knees to the Lord. Heavenly Father, Almighty God, we just want to thank you. We want to thank you, Father, Lord G, for your wonderful blessings, Lord. And uh thank you oh God, father Lord for your faithfulness. Thank you precious Lord God, oh Jesus, for the sweetness of your grace, oh God, the sweetness of your love, the sweetness of your mercy, Father God, thank you Lord God, Father, for putting oh God, Father, your arm of protection upon us, oh Lord God, what a blessed savior you are. What a wonderful king, oh God. Oh father we lift our heads Lord up onto the hills Lord where cometh our help our help cometh from you Lord God the maker of heaven and earth Lord blessed be your holy name Jesus we give thanks Lord for all things oh God for everything precious Lord we thank you oh father Lord for your wonderful blessing upon your people thank you Lord God for bringing us together this morning oh God we just asking the special special the wonderful blessings, oh God, upon the service this morning in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, I pray that your grace, oh God, Father, will just come and bless us, oh God. Come, oh God, and minister to us, oh Lord. Come, oh God, Father, oh God, and envelop us in your grace this morning, Jesus. What a wonderful savior you are. What a wonderful king you are. Oh, praise the Lord, Jesus. Oh father God, Lord we just thank you Lord. Thank you father. Oh God precious Lord for helping but Lawrence Lord Jesus. Oh God father thank you for your blessing upon sisteria. Lord God we pray that father God you will strengthen her bring her body God to healing. Oh father Lord Jesus we pray for their little one little faith. We pray that you bless her too in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, Father, we are so grateful, Lord God. Thank you for stepping in, oh God, and helping uh uh sister now, brother Joy and also brother Paul, we place them in your hands, oh God, Father, all precious Lord, we just want to thank you for grace upon their life as our sister, Lord God. Father, remember, Lord, Father, her husband birthday, Lord God, you know how special it is to her. We pray that father you would bless her Lord God and the children. Oh father we thank you precious Lord Jesus. Oh almighty God. Thank you father Lord that we have cloud of witnesses looking beyond the banister of heaven this morning upon us Lord and oh God father Lord saying press on press on Lord we are so grateful father God lord. Oh sweet Jesus what a wonderful father. What a wonderful king Lord you are. We thank you. We commit Lord, brother Andrew Boscott, uh uh grandson in your hands, Lord. Father, we ask that Lord God, you will help Jas Lord, you've been going through a whole lot. Father, we pray to God, Father, you will also bless our sister Ben, Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, and Anest, Lord God, Father, Lord, break them from the cold, break them, Lord Jesus Christ, oh Father, whatever illness in their body. And oh God, father, we pray for sister Carol this morning once again, Lord, the church of the living God, we unite our faith and we say, Father God, Lord Jesus, that may you rebuke the enemy from her health, Lord God. Father, we love you. We thank you. We appreciate you. Every unspoken prayer need in the building this morning, we lift it in your hands, oh God. Oh almighty God, come and meet with us now, Lord Jesus. Come and meet with us, Lord. We thank you father. We thank you Lord. Thank you sweet Jesus. Thank you Lord. So let us praise Jesus now. We are standing in God's presence on holy ground. Let's stand to our feet. Lift up our hands. Oh, we are standing although we [Music] cry and I know that there are angels all around. Oh, let us pray Jesus now. Oh, we are in God's presence alone. Let's sing that one more time. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus we are standing on holy [Music] ground and I go I am [Music] angels. So let us pray. Jesus now. Yes. We are standing in God's presence on God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing. The windows of heavens are open and uh the ushers ushers will take up the the offering. [Music] the blessings are falling to enjoy your joy in my heart that Jesus and he be I'm going to go and he gave me a and I that's what I'm singing In my heart my ging that's Heat. Heat. Jesus everything. I give my time. He [Music] glory to God and my for Jesus everything and he gave me all of your I'm guessing to [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Again, we greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus. We thank God for another time to be together. You know, when I'm up here, there's always trouble. Amen. There's always troubled. Oh, Lord, deliver me. Amen. And I pray the Lord will turn my captivity around. Then we will all be like Zion. Amen. Uh this morning we will before we we uh uh change the order of the service for preaching, we would just want to do something a little bit different, something in the light of missions. And uh uh we've been having u a friend and a brother. Uh uh I think we spoke a little bit about him the last time. uh uh he came over from Seville to visit with his brother back here and then uh I came one uh one day in the week uh came from work and just came through the church and you know and they stopped by and uh wanted to make me know that he will be here on Sunday for service and it turned out that uh since he came once it looks like he just became a part. Amen. Amen. and uh uh and and we we have had series of little talk here and there you know and uh uh and also trying to understand what he's doing there the you know the little work that he's doing there in Seville and uh uh so uh he's he's will be traveling back the end of this month and So uh I just ask him that I would give him few minutes of my time this morning just to once again share with us what he's doing. And uh uh I remember one time we were talking and he told me uh that uh uh this is not out of flattery. But uh you know if if uh if I never find that uh your church here was world based I wouldn't have returned back the second time. And I enjoy the word I enjoy the fellowship. So this is just uh like home to me and uh uh uh so I told him that I like I said I give him just few minutes of my time this morning and uh uh and then he will share with us uh a little of what they are doing there in civil he's in a part of the country close to the republic of Guinea and uh is uh is a is a predominant Muslim area. So uh uh you can you can you if you have ever live in a predominant Muslim area or ever travel there for mission you know what it is. Uh I remember uh 2004 or five I went to the nothing part of Nigeria. uh was to have some meetings there and they had just come out of a religious clash. It was a religious war in the city. They have just come out of it and and you could still feel you could feel the tension in the air. The city was split in two and you could feel that. So if you if you ever live or work in a Muslim dominated area, you will know exactly what it is. So uh uh so uh so Reverend B, you come up and uh uh just take your liberty to share with us a few this morning. Thank you. Thank you. Hallelujah. Are we blessed this morning? Shall we give the Lord offering this morning? [Applause] Once again, I'm privileged to be in your presence especially in the pres of the Lord to tell you a little bit of what we are doing in let us pray. Precious and everlasting father, you alone you are God. Lord, we know oh God Lord that you are seated in your throne seeing and observing all that we're doing here as you have commissioned us oh God Lord in the book of Matthew 28 Lord that we go oh my father and my God into the utmost part of the world Lord to make disciples Lord to baptize the saints and Lord to raise up leaders promising us oh God Lord that you will be with us till the end of the age. Father, I'm here oh God lord in the presence of your people these beautiful people oh God lord to make known unto them father the things oh lord that we are doing sincerely oh lord come a district we precise the district border in g father I pray oh go at the end of each father you hearts and souls that together we walk father as kingdom builders thank you king of glory for in Jesus name we pray amen for those of that we are not here when I introduce myself. I am brother Augustine Samur founder and general via of the globe mission network international. Um when the Lord called me in 2004 he said go to a place called Kambia and start my work. I was in Kono the diamond mining place and I was working for an organization called peace in Japan as their engineer. I was never dreaming of becoming a pastor you know but the Lord said go but I I talked with my wife said you're not a pastor how can you go and hear the ministry as a study force. Okay. A year later to that I enrolled in the college to count it all. I got a diploma and then later a degree in Christian leadership and a master's in Christian education just to equip myself. Then in 2014 finally the ministry was launched in Cambia. Went to Cambia but it was very very difficult because my wife coming from a typical Muslim background the father never wanted us to go to Cambia that Cambia is the Muslim dominated place. Kambia is this. Cambia is that. It's a difficult place. But I remember what the Lord said to Ezekiel in the book of Ezekiel 2. He said I'm sending you. He says, "Rise up. Stand up and let me talk with you. I'm sending you to a stiff necked people, a rebellious people." He said, "Be not afraid of them." He said, "But do not be like them." Know those two words. Do not be like them. Do not be afraid. And I remember Jimmy Elliot is American who went to IU to preach the message of the gospel of Jesus together with his four friends and they were killed. But it didn't stop there. Elizabeth Elliot and the other women they finally went to the same place where their husbands were killed. And so I said to my wife, if the Lord has said, we must go. If we are going to die, let's all go to die. Don't go there and die for the gospel sake. I said, this is a complete testimony about a man who went with his friends. They were killed. The president of the United State, United States of America, they didn't send jets there to bombard. But the lady, Elizabeth, stood firm. I told her, "Okay, I will go first. Then you come later. If I'm killed then you will come later. But by the grace of God we are there and we are doing our own little bit. Amen. Today by the special grace of God we have 12 branches plus the central church which makes it 13 and we are grateful unto God. But let me tell you brothers and sisters, Kambia district bordering the Republic of Guinea and Cambia being the very first place wherein the Quran was first open and the first Islamic university was first established happened to be a very very strong Muslim town or district. And we have uh the sus and the Timnes. These are predominantly Muslim ethnic tribes. I've been attacked. My church has been put down three times. The third time now the government intervene so no this time you are going to build this church. But by the grace of God we never retaliated. the integers council, the PFSL and all Christian organizations, all religious bodies rose up and they say we must go to court. I said no, I came here for these people. If I should take them to court, how am I going to win them over to the Lord? Some were angry with me, but I stood my ground. And because I stood my ground today, we are making headway. But that one thing with the sus the sooner a suzu gives his or her life to Jesus Christ is being abandoned. They disown him or her and the responsibility of the burden comes upon the church. And so today we are burdened with a lot of responsibility as a church as a ministry. But as the Lord said, I was hungry and you fed me. I was naked you cloth me homeless and you opened up by the grace of God we just as a ministry let us embark on two and that's the area of feeding and clothing and if you can see oh I thought we were going to present it all right okay all right you know we have five missionaries that you have sent we Every two years we send five mission missionaries to the field to make sure they reach out to these people. And we have encouraged our congregation to get used clothing. Every two or three months we gather used clothing and then we go to the communities because these people have been disowned. And so if we don't take care of them, they will go back. Of course they will go back. One thing I'm grateful to God is that people are very much zillious. So zillious as you can see from some of the pictures there recently about a week ago they did that. So when pastor asked me that I will be giving a talk on what we are doing in that part of the vineyard. I stood a call headquarter. I said oh I've been given an assignment to talk to my beautiful people my brother and sisters that the Lord has led me to fellowship with them. And I said but I have learned things that I've never learned before. But one but two of them that I I'm going to embark on or talk a little bit about is about understanding the book of Esther and the book of Ruth. That the book of Esther talks about the redemption of the Jews whereas the book of Ruth talks about the redemption of the gentile. So I remember the scripture says I have another flock and I will bring the flock and they become one flock and we have one shepherd. I said wow. So meaning the Lord brought me to the United States of America, Minnesota to be to be precise in the shepherd and good shepherd fellowship to understand the the the significant and important of these two books. Learn emphasis on two books that talks about women. And so I want to challenge you my sisters that the ministration of the gospel of Jesus Christ lies upon you. That God is looking upon the women. And that's the reason why I'm not surprised to see that in all of the fellowship that I've been and even my own women takes the lead. Women are always in a greater number. So I started imagining I say okay this is what I have learned. And then the next thing is about the law. How come about the law? The people said to Moses, "We will do all that the Lord has said." Is it possible? And my pastor was saying this is as a result of the ten commandment coming on board. I said, "Wow." So meaning we needed just to believe and depend on God. relying on God on God's love as he takes us from one state to another from glory to glory and so man by himself cannot save himself and so the ten commandment was like a test all right since you have said this now let me give you let me say who we obey it thank God for the grace of God that Jesus has to come hallelujah and only give us loving God with all your heart all your mind all your soul and all your strength and to love your neighbor as yourself and that is great. I said wow indeed God you have not brought me here for nothing and I'm taking this home by the grace of God. Today we have as I said earlier we have 12 uh branches plus the headquarter 13 and we are doing great by the special grace of God and today people are coming to us asking us how did you make it? How did you manage to make it? It's just about yielding yourself to the voice of God. Total surrening. And I told pastor that I'm home. I didn't regret my being here because the pastor that trained me that brought me up Barabil his ministry was like this. But one thing that is clear is Barabil told me one day say today you an engineer, you get the money. He said, but do you know that when God call you, I laughed, but today I want to thank God. I'm not having those cars. I don't have those houses that I was dreaming about, but I have one thing that is greater than all, and that is Jesus. Amen. Amen. It was not easy for me to let go of all those things to embark on the gospel. I had challenges with my wife the relatives. But today if you tell my wife go back to B where she come from she say she fight you because today the things that God is doing in her life as she's older than me in ministry. I'm not talking about age. She's older than me in ministry. She's four years older than in ministry. And that's the beautiful things about men. We bully women. We bully women. But she is older than me. She encouraged me. And that's the reason why I was always hesitant in boasting about her very first day. When I talk about beautiful, I'm not talking about a face. I'm talking about woman that is supportive. I'm talking about woman that dreams to your dream that has the same vision. A woman that discovers to recover that what I'm talking about. That's why I say maybe by face she's the most ugly. Oh, you said no. Okay. Thank you. All right. All right. No, it's just a joke. Right. So, but I want to thank God for Bora for Bora one. You know, he reminded me about the New Testament. We we call oursel brothers. We have no reverend. We have no pastors. It's all about brothers and sisters. So, when I came again, I forgot about the Reverend. I'm no more Reverend Samuel Banks. I'm brother Augustine Samuel Banks. Just call me that. Amen. So, I want to thank you all. I'll be leaving here on the 23rd of this month going to Virginia and then from there I'll be going to Africa. But let me tell you this, the place where we are is not an easy place. So I want you to remember us in prayers. Support us in whatever way. But we need more of your prayers. So God will give us more grace to penetrate there because one day the trumpet will sound and the dead in Christ shall be raised. Millions are dying today and going to Christ this eternity. The song letter says who will go and show them the way. Say my house is full but my field is empty. We are all seated here. We want the comfortable places where the air conditions are to us there. We don't have we are fighting with the mosquitoes battling with them with sickness and diseases but we are pressing on. We are pressing on. Some said though the cloud may for a moment hide his face. He said but remember God is on the other side of it. Just keep pressing on. We'll continue to press on. God bless you. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. You know, when I when I started preaching back 1993 and uh uh it was not really out of a church. It was just on the street corner going to the hospital. So working in rural areas and working on a difficult condition uh make us what we are today. So uh uh you know some of some has been blessed to grow up right in the message church and enjoy you know all the blessing of the five for ministry and hear testimonies. Uh uh but they are they God still has a people out there. You know brother Brandham says they are missionaries that don't have shoes on their feet. And if it's a quote, it is still truth today. It's still truth today. Praise the Lord. Amen. I mean, uh uh uh we we we don't want to imagine it that in such a time, in such an age, you know, that would be. But uh uh I love missionary work. If God can give you a pastor one day, I'll go back to the field. I love missionary work. So thank you. Thank you, brother Gustin. We we enjoyed that. Amen. And uh we enjoyed that. And definitely we will always remember what you are doing and we will keep you in our prayers. Praise the Lord. Let's stand on our feet and we will sing something and just change the order of the service. I wake up this morning with my mind on Jesus. Let's just sing there. [Music] I wake up this morning with my mind. Say, "Oh Jesus, I woke up this morning in my mind." Say, "Oh Lord, I woke up this morning in my mind." Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh yes. I woke up this morning in my life. Oh Jesus. I woke up this morning. I woke up this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I'm singing and shouting my heart Jesus. Oh, I'm singing and shouting with my heart. I'm singing and shouting with my Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. and shouting with my mind. Stay on Jesus. I'm singing and shouting with my heart. I'm singing and shouting in my mind. Stay on Jesus. Halleluah. Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. And I think I got a a guest list from uh brother brother Max. We want to greet brother Jack and his wife, sister Grace. Your brother Jack, God bless you. What's your wife? Okay. She back there. Okay. I think I greeted her one coming. Okay. Good to have you, brother Jack. I learned there's uh sister Rebecca cursing. Okay. Okay. Praise the Lord. Amen. It looks like the family is big. Okay. Praise the Lord. Well, brother, it is good to have you and I thank you for coming to make the time to fellowship with us. Amen. Let's just sing something and then we will read something out of God's word this morning. Holy, holy is the Lord. [Music] Are you Lord? The heavenly angels bound. Their redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. We sing. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Yeah. Heaven and angels bow. Mary we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh yes. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. [Music] Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. The head of an angels bow. Every day we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy. One more time. Now let's sing it to him. Oh, holy, holy, holy are you born. Holy, holy, holy are you born. The air that is angels bow. Every day we worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you [Music] Lord. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we want to thank you God for your children that have make time. Oh God, Father too been in fellowship this morning and those that are streaming the service online, we just want to ask your special blessing now, Lord God. Come on, Father God, and and just uh bless us now as we just want to change the order we want to get into. the worship that is in spirit and in truth. We want to get into, Father, the breaking of your word, which of course is only you can do. No man, Father Gad is able to break that word. No man is able to open that book, Lord. Father, even though it's an open book, it's been given to us, Lord. But yet, we need you every time. Every time we handle the open book, Lord, we're not going to go in our intellect, God. We are not going to go farther in our smartness. Lord Jesus, we just pray that father the the sweet Holy Spirit. We come and bless this time oh God that something will be said. Something of internal value will be said. Something to draw us closer. Something oh God to change our lives. Something to affect us Lord. Something oh God father Lord God to make us a better Christian Lord. to make us, Father God, Lord, better husbands to our wives, better wives to our husband, better children to our parents, Lord, and better parents to our children to make us good neighbors, Lord, Father, that Lord God, men can see your good work in our life and glorify the Father. That's why we want this morning. Come now, Lord Jesus. Come, oh God, and just breathe upon us, oh God. Come, Lord, Father, and just breathe upon us this morning. Let the peace of God that passes all understanding come and bless us in your presence. Once again, Father, we pray for our brother, brother Augustine, Lord, and uh the work that he's doing there in Seleon. Oh God, we pray that Father, you would just bless him. Amen. like these are all around the world. Oh God, Father, Lord, they are in villages. Oh God, Father, they are in different places. So Father, not many know God is exposed to the message of the hour, but yet to Father, they are preaching the gospel of the kingdom. And Father, Lord, that don't make them less a minister. That don't make them less a ministry. It's the work of the kingdom, Lord. Father and precious Lord, I believe with my heart, Lord, that God, if if some of them will have got what we have gotten in this age, they will have done exploit for you, oh God, and we pray that you bless them, Lord Jesus. Supply their needs, oh God. Father, we just want to thank you now. Thank you, Father, for the fellowship, Lord, the contact that we have. And and we just pray that Lord God, you will bless our time together. We love you because you first love us. Bless our brother Jack and his wife Grace that is fellowshipping with us for the first time. And uh I just pray that God Father Lord uh uh your presence, the atmosphere, Father will make them feel at home. We love you now. Speak to us out of your word in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you musicians. Praise the Lord. Uh, brother uh uh brother Lawrence was going to bring his testimony this morning, but uh I felt like I will be giving out all of my time. Amen. So, uh we will have him to do it maybe next Sunday. So uh uh the Lord uh kind of uh rescue our brother from uh uh what will have been uh uh a heart attack and something that will have uh uh cost his life but God kind of rescue him and uh and I mean uh we want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. So until he gets well, you will see me here once in a while trying to lead songs that I don't know how to do. So I just turn the service into a prayer meeting. Amen. Until he can be well. And uh so the Lord bless you. Romans chapter 8 is where we want to read from this morning. Romans chapter 8. I think brother Augustine was doing well because he started preaching my message this morning. I want to speak on the lawgiver. He started preaching my message this morning. So I want to speak on the law giver Romans chapter 8. We were supposed to have a a meeting but I thought that I will wait until the deacons get back. Uh brother Dan is flying in this morning. Brother Dan will be traveling back uh next week. So I will wait until the deacons get back in church and then uh we'll have a time to talk to you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Romans chapter 8. There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. Well, let's just do a responsive reading. You read the next verse and then I will read the third until I will stop where I want to stop. So, you read the second for what the Lord could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit because the kind of mind is imitated against God. For it is not subject to the Lord of God, neither indeed can be. But ye are but ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so be that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. Now, if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. Let's read verse 11 together. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwelt in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quaken your mortal body by his spirit that dwelleth in you. Let's pray. Father, we have just read your word and we just want to ask the blessing upon it now this morning. Father, come out of the pages of your word and uh speak to us. Get us engaged this morning, Lord. May the word just drive down, Father. Lord God, help us, oh Lord. Father, that Lord God, we will we will not imply our thoughts, Lord. we will just share with uh your people what uh your your prophet the messenger of this age has given to us. Bless us now in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You can have your seat. You can have the comfort of your wonderful seat while I remain standing. Praise the Lord while I remain standing. You know, in the Old Testament tabernacle, there was actually no cheers. And uh so the the priest had to get in there and do his service of burning incense, offering sacrifices, you know, it was it was a place of work, not a place of realization. Amen. You cannot sleep standing. You cannot sleep standing, then you really have a very serious sleep illness. If you can sleep comfortably standing, then you have a very good sleep illness. Now this morning, I want to speak on the lawgiver. I want to speak on the lawgiver. I read a quote right out of Jesus Christ, the same yesterday, today, and forever. Uh uh and then I will go right into my subject. I've been I've been speaking on this in bit and pieces on the Wednesday night. And uh I pray this morning that the Lord will will will help me as I go into it. I I I was uh looking into this this morning and and another thing just open to me. But I just pray that the Lord will help us. Now let's read this together. Now when Jesus came on earth, we find No, when I say let's read it together, I mean pay attention. Sorry. I start hearing your voices, I said, "Am I speaking with echo?" Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Now, when Jesus came to earth, we find Jesus went into the wilderness and fasted 40 days and night. And when he come out, Satan tried to tempt him because he was a lawgiver like Moses. Are we together? Moses went to receive the Lord. He fasted 40 days and night. Jesus fasted 40 days and night and came out as a lawgiver. Are we together? Amen. When Moses came out from his 40 days fast on the mountain where he had two tablets of stones, Satan tempted him at his weak spot. Do you realize that the the Ten Commandments were reprinted? Moses had to break the first and went back to the mountain for God to rewrite the ten commandments again. It's right in the scripture. Satan tempted him at his weak spot. That was his temper. When he came out and saw the people having a golden calf, you know, he had that weak spot. He had that area of temper in him. And uh uh and that was his temper. And he threw down the commandment and broke them. And when Satan met the Lord Jesus, he knew that was in Moses. He caught him at his weak spot. Hunger. If thou be the son of God, command these stones to be turned into bread and eat cause you are hungry. But he realized that that wasn't Moses. Amen. Praise the Lord. So this morning we want to talk on the lawgiver. We want to look at Jesus as the lawgiver. You want to look at Jesus as the one interpreting the law that Moses was giving on Mount Si. Are we together? Amen. So you will see in Matthew chapter 5, that's the reason why Jesus was said, "It was said unto you, but now I say unto you." That's what we're going to study from. Matthew chapter 5 this morning running through the biatitudes and coming to death. But before we get to death to death, this is what Paul is telling us here in Romans chapter 8 that we we also we we need to pay attention to because Paul himself was the writer of the New Testament. Most of the books, the letters in the New Testament, Paul wrote them. So we realize that the word for the gentile age was given to Paul just like Moses brought the word unto the Jews. But uh he says here uh there is therefore now no condemnation. Let's go to uh uh Exodus chapter 19. Let's back up a little bit. Thank you, brother Gustin. you you really build a foundation for me so I can go back. Exodus chapter 19. Praise the Lord. You know when when I I was back in the a coast. I was closer to the border with uh with Liberia when we came out of Liberia where we were our church was the only message church in the city. I had an opportunity to work with many different pastor and uh kept the integrity of the message, kept the standard of the message and uh uh I preach on their convention their their crusades and and and lot of their soul uh which of course I realized is the grace of God. I mean God kept us there. He used that to teach us. And uh many years later, I realized not many people know how to work with people that don't believe the same with them. Praise the Lord. Not many. If they don't believe I mean they they are unbelievers and that's not truth. Exodus chapter 19. And with that we had made a very poor example of this glorious message. Let's let's take Esther chapter 19 quickly here. See here uh in the third month verse one when the children of Israel were gone forth out of the land of Egypt. The same day came they unto the wilderness of Sana. For there for they were departed from ramped and and were come to the desert of Sinai and had page in the wilderness. And uh and there Israel camp before the mount. And Moses went up unto the Lord. And the Lord called unto Moses out of the mountain, saying, Thus shalt thou say to the house of Israel, tell the children of Israel, thou thus shall thou say to the house of Jacob, sorry, and tell the children of Israel, ye have seen how ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians, and how I b you on eagle wings, and brought you to self. Are we together? And therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar people, a peculiar treasure unto me above all people, for all the earth is mine. Now, see ye now. Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice indeed and keep my commandment, you see how that can sound like an order. How that can sound like God is requiring something from you, but that's not what it is. Remember now what Paul says. There is no condemnation. There is no condemnation in this statement. There is no requirement in this statement. God is telling them, see how I bear you up. I bear you out of Egypt on eagle wings and I brought you to myself. Are we together? You see the uh uh uh and and and and I believe God designed it like that because the word of God is understood. God has to reveal himself to you. He has to reveal his thoughts to you. We just cannot read the word of God like a newspaper and be able to understand it. Are we together? For that reason that there are a lot of things that translation could not bring to us in the in the pure context. And that's the reason why the Holy Ghost has always a bad with the church because where translation fail the Holy Ghost take off from there. Are we together? Amen. So God is saying ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptians and how I b you on eagle wings and brought you to myself. That is the grace of God. There was nothing that the people did. Are we together? There was nothing that they did. They never fast and prayed. They never they never I mean God was keeping his word that he gave to Abraham after 400 years. I will come down and I will bring them out. He told Moses Exodus 3, I have heard the crowd of my people and I am come down. Are we together? But see where see where and and what we establish on talking about this is that um I can say one thing this morning from this pit your mindset your different mindset can understand it differently. Israel was in a slave mindset. They had just come from under bondage. So everything was sounding to them like an instruction. That's right. Everything was sounding to them that God was giving them some kind of a requirement. Are we together? Now if God will start his program by giving requirement, he will have given them a requirement first before he deliver them. Why deliver them? Bring them out of the Red Sea and now starts to give them a requirement to follow him. Are we together? So Paul says there is no condemnation to them that are in Christ. Are we together? Are you with me this morning? Praise the Lord. I want you to be I want us to be able to see this before we get into really into our subject because uh uh uh uh that's where the rubber meets the road this morning. Amen. The rubber meets the road right there. He says there is no condemnation to them that are in Christ. You have to remember that this apostle was a man that was taught by Galia, one of the best teacher in those days. He was taught the Torah. He knew he knew the Lord. But after he met Jesus on the road of Damascus and he went back to the desert of Arabia, then he started to understand that really there is no condemnation in the Lord. There is therefore no condemnation to them that are in Christ who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. See what he said in verse two that Romans chapter 8. For the law of for the Lord of the spirit of life in Christ have made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law Exodus chapter 20 what? Exodus chapter 20 could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. Think about it. And when when you look at it, it looks like it's difficult. But Paul says the Lord was weak. It was weak. You remember when we speak we spoke on the 11 commandment. The 11, the ten commandment needed the 11th commandment. Are we together? Jesus says, "A new commandment I gave unto you. For what the law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemn sin in the flesh. Are we together? So we will see here that uh when you read Romans chapter 8, you will learn about the Lord of life in Christ. You will learn about the law of sin in you and you will learn about the law of death in the commandment. Paul will tell us right here the reason why the commandment was given is to magnify sin. If there is no law that says 25 miles an hour on this road, everybody will drive. I mean there would just be you will hear car crashing out there but because there is a law. So what happened the Lord exposes our weakness. We have the tendency of speeding but because there is a law we got to catch our look over our shoulder if police is at the corner. Are we together? So that's why the Lord the Lord is giving to expose our weakness. It's not given to change us. The Lord is giving for you to realize that you need God and you need to be changed, but the Lord will not change you. Are we together? The Lord gave her. That's what we want to talk about. That's what we're talking about this morning. It's so beautiful here. Let's go to something here before we jump into this subject. Uh uh uh Genesis chapter 49. Genesis chapter 49. Jacob blessing his sons before he take his last breath. And he called all his sons. Genesis 49, he called all his sons. In verse 10, Genesis 49 verse 10. In verse 10, he says this. He speaks to Judah, his son Judah. Beginning from verse 8, he said, Judah, thou art he whom thy brethren shall praise. Judah means praise. Thy hands shall be at the neck of thy enemy. Thy father's children shall bow down before thee. Judah is a lion's web from the prey. My son, thou gone up. He stooped down uh he couched as a lion and as an old lion who shall ro him up. Verse 10, that's what I want to focus on now. The scepter shall not depart from Judah and a lawgiver. We're talking about a lawgiver this morning. So here it said a lawgiver was already prophesized to come out of Judah. Are we together? But you see the reason why Jacob is giving this blessing to Judah is because Ruben corrupted his blessing. Are we together? We stay in Genesis chapter 49. Let's go back to verse three. Back to verse three. The Bible says here uh uh uh uh Ruben, thou are my firstborn, my might and the beginning of my strength, the excellent the excellency of dignity and the excellency of power. But Ruben, you are unstable as water. Thou shall not excel because thou went up into thy father's bed. Then defile thou it. He went up to my couch. Now if you read uh 1 chronicle the book of the records uh uh uh chapter 5, it also bring up this story about Ruben. Why the birthright, the priesthood and the kingship was taken from Ruby? Because according to Asian Lord, those things were reserved for the firstborn. The firstborn was the one that uh had the birthright. But if you read uh over in uh 1 Chronicle chapter 5, if we just if you just want to run there quickly with me uh this morning while we while we kind of for uh establish ourself here 1 Chronicle chapter 5, are we together? 1st Chronicles 5:1. Now the sons of Reuben, the firstborn of Israel, for he was the firstborn, but for as much as he defiled his father's bed, his birthright was given unto the sons of Joseph. That's why Jacob adopted Ephran Eman. You have to realize that Ephra and Manosef, they were sons of Joseph, not son of Jacob. But Jacob adopted him. Why? Because the birthright was now given to to uh Joseph. That was the reason why you know the story of the cross hand when he called Joseph to bring his sons so he can bless them. That blessing should have been for Reuben. I will get there a little bit. And uh uh uh uh uh for the birthright was given to the sons of Joseph, the son of a Israel. And and their genealogology is not to be reckoned after the first birth. When that was broken, Israel no longer respected the order of naming the genealogy after the firstborn. That's what uh the book of the records is saying. Now a man will call his children by the one that is interested in the inheritance, not by the firstborn. Are we together? Are we together this morning? Trying not to get excited because I I quick to lose now. So what I want us to see as we go into this, the birthright was taken from Reuben. It was given to Joseph and uh the the priesthood was taken from Reuben. It was given to Levi. And then also the the scepter which is the kingship was taken from Reuben. It was given to Judah. Are we together? Now look at this. Look at this pattern. Look at this pattern. Pay attention. Just listen to me. Look at this pattern in the word. And you will realize that the the serpent seed, the serpent seed, are we together? The serpent seed. Adultery. The sex act always destroy the sea line. Are we together? It always destroy the sea line. And if you look through the scripture, you will realize that uh uh uh uh there is a pattern in the scripture where because of that destruction of the sea line, the blessing keep falling on the second and not the first. It was Abel that got a revelation in that king. Amen. He was a seed of the serpent. Are we together? Now, I want you to understand me. Like I said, your mindset can interpret something completely different to you and I will be guilty of it because I said it even though that's not what I mean. Now, so praise the Lord. Um, I'm I'm getting fired up yet. Amen. I'm trying to hold myself. So, I want you to watch here because uh uh uh uh in in in Genesis chapter 3 verse 15, we all remember that God said the seed of the woman will bruise the serpent seed. So, the serpent has a seed. Are we together? Amen. Now using the word serpent seed it can be applied in different ways. In the way I'm using separ I'm using it in the term of the act because he introduced sex to the humor. So I'm using it in terms of the act not actually in terms of of of the gene. So I want you to understand me now. Okay. Every adultery will be serpenty because because it is the act that was what took place. Are we together? Are you seeing where I'm going? Amen. So that's that is the sense that I'm using it. So the serpent seed the uh uh uh the the adultery sex act always destroy the sealine and with that you will see that God show us a pattern. Abel got the revelation and king killed Abel. Amen. Now you will see the uh uh uh naturally who is the firstborn of Abraham? Ishmael not not Isaac. Isaac is firstborn by promise. Ishmael is the litual firstborn. But here it say the blessing is going to Isaac and not Ishmael. Jacob come on the scene. He brought I mean uh uh uh Isaac come on the scene. He brought Esau and Jacob. And we seen the blessing and the breath going to Jacob and not Esau. So what what what is God telling us? What is he what what message is he passing to us? You must be born again because your first birth can never get the birthight. The promise is not to your first birth. When God think about you as a son of God or as a daughter of God, it's not by your first birth. The promise is to the new birth. Are we together? Amen. But yet we have to carry the new birth in a fallen body. So you have to have more confidence in what God is doing in you than what this flesh is producing. Are we together? The Lord gave her a promise of the Lord giver was given to Judah. The kingship the serptorter shall not depart from Judah. A lawgiver from between his feet until shallow come and unto him shall the gathering of the people be. Are we together? Praise the Lord. So even before the law was given, a lawgiver was promised. Are we together? So God had in mind of of giving us a lawgiver. So when we get back again to Exodus chapter 19, let's go back to Exodus chapter 19 quickly. Let's let's run between there. You love the Lord. Amen. Ye have seen what I did unto the Egyptian and how I b you on eagle wings. That's verse four. And brought you unto myself. Now therefore, if ye will obey my voice, and keep my covenant, then ye shall be a peculiar treasure unto me, above all people, for all the earth is mine, and ye shall be unto me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation. These are the words which thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel. And Moses came and called the others of the people, and lay before their faces all these words which the Lord commanded him. And all the people answered together and said, "All that the Lord has spoken, we will do." And Moses returned the words of the people unto the Lord. And then you if you read the rest of that, the scene changed. Amen. The scene changed. It gave us it gave us uh an idea that when we misunderstand God, when we misunderstand what he's doing in our life, when we misunderstand why he allows certain things to happen, the scenes change. because you are robbing God of carrying out what he want to do because you have misunderstood what he's doing. Are we together? The people misunderstood God and and this became a a theologian all through the ages and even brother Brandham call it this was Israel filter mistake when they said all that the Lord has said we would do. Praise the Lord. Go back a chapter. These were a people that came through a rare sea pattern. When they came on the other side, they started complaining. With all your eyes have seen Egypt on a chariot with dust in the air, but yet they couldn't catch up with you. All of that we have seen. And yet in the place of our least need, we stay complain. Then are you telling me that everything that the Lord said we would do really? Really when we can't even trust him in the list of our concerns, the list of our need. Are we together? Are you seeing the picture? It changed. It changed for Israel right there. Everything changed. And even as humans, you know what it is when you've been misunderstood. When you're trying to say something and you just been taken completely, far away from what what you're trying to say and this person is fully convinced that's what you were saying. Are we together? That will introduce us to the Ten Commandments. But that's not where we going this morning. We want to talk on the lawgiver. I'm just trying to build a picture here. So, think about it now. Yeah. God telling these people, "You are a peculiar people unto me." Go back, pull it up in your concordance and see how many times that God told Israel, "You are a peculiar people." Even when they couldn't keep the commandments, he kept telling him, "For my name's sake, you are a holy nation. You are a peculiar people." It was not It was not the acts of the people that God was judging. It was because God has taken these people as his people. Amen. And he was God in their mess. Are we together? So Paul on the other side now is telling us there is no condemnation to them that are in Christ. And if you are still feeling condemned, it's because you're not in Christ. You're not fully in Christ yet. Amen. If if you are still feeling like you are obligated to do something to merit God love for you, you're not in Christ yet because there is no condemnation. There is no condemnation in telling people what you did for them. Praise the Lord. I really I I really thank God that uh you know I I I was dead. You know I I thank God that the Lord could use me. You know I mean sometimes we try to to to simplify it and in in a way that you will not think that the person is bragging that's the way we try to talk but there is there is there there must be no condemnation why should I feel condemned if you are express expressing you know gratefulness that you were there to help me. Do you see the off feeling? Do you see the ingratitude or who he think he is? The problem is not with him. It's with you. It's with you. The problem is not with him. Just because he helped me, he keeps saying it. Are we together? There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ. There's no condemnation in what Matthew chapter 19 said. I bear you on eagle wings. I brought you to myself. I want you to be a a kingdom of priests. I want you to be a peculiar people. But you see the the the the the effect of slavery was was haunting their mind. The effect of Egypt was haunting their mind. And it's so easy for the person to sit there and say, "But where were you all of these years?" Praise the Lord. And if I was God, I would say, "I was there. That's why you didn't die. You remember when the slave master corn on you that day and you thought you were going to die? The reason why you didn't die because I was there. things that we go through, things that we deal with, it's easy to put us in a mindset and that becomes our experiment. That becomes your own battle because you might forget it, but it's it's it it roams about in your spirit. It a peace to you. It could make you angry. It could make you frustrated. It could also make you feel lustful if it was a lustful thing that you that you that you you you live in. Are we together? So that's the reason why the greater battle is in the mind. The greater battle is in the spirit. It is you trying by the promise of God and the word of God to rise above those things. There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ. Are we together? Christian life is not just Sunday morning church. No, it's a constant battle. It's a everyday battle. You're not fighting with anybody. You're dealing with things in here. You're bringing this thing constantly on a subjection to God's word, honor subjuggest to God's promises because you can live the best decent life. And you know uh uh uh I mean uh uh represent the church uh uh in in inheriting outwalling and yet in wallet you are distraught. In wallet you are distraught because you can't trust you can't trust the God yourself. You can't even trust what you reading in the Bible. You can't trust the message of the hour. Are we together? The Lord gave her. Matthew chapter 5. Let's go back to Matthew chapter 5. That's where we've been working with this. So just like Jesus went into the wilderness, he fast, he fasted 40 days and night. And when he came out, Satan tried to tempt him because he was the lawgiver like Moses. So when he came out, Matthew chapter 5. Are we together? If you read Matthew chapter 4, it tells you uh the mount of temptation. Matthew chapter 4 tells you Jesus being tempted on the mountain by the devil. So chapter five right after that here is he having the first time he will have this big audience that he'll be you'll be saying things to that was very very surprising to the people. Are we together? So if you if you if you if you take the picture in your mind, you will see that uh what is he doing? Being the lawgiver, being the one that was supposed to fulfill the promise in Genesis 9 uh 49:10, he was the lawgiver because he he he actually had the the the the the meaning of what Moses said. Are we together? The Lord gave us shall not depart from your feet. The Bible says here, "And seeing the multitude, he went up into the mountain. And when he sat, his disciple came unto him. He opened his mouth and said unto them, blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven." We deal with that uh on Wednesday night. A little bit is that that's not that is not the doctrine doctrine of poverty. No Catholic explained this as the doctrine of poverty. You have to live in poverty. Jesus never says uh you know blessed uh uh are the poor that don't have money or don't have car or don't have home. He said blessed are the poor in spirit. In spirit. Why? Because he's bringing this kingdom. Are we together? This is a kingdom. This is a word that is going to deal with things in you. Are we together? You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. We're just uh having a little little bit of talk and uh you know doing our our constant Bible reading home. Uh and we read this the other day to the kids and uh Proverb 25 verse 28. He that have no rule over his spirit is like a city that is broken down without walls. He that have no rule over his spirit is like a city that is breaking down. Praise the Lord. Science will tell you that your subconscious is more powerful than your first conscious. We deal with things, we see things, we hear things. But the term to to reside in our subconscious. Most of the time the way we we react to things sometimes is not from the immediate action of the person is from what has been lying in our subconscious. Are we together? So Jesus here is going to bring this thing over trying to help these help the people see the disciples. The rest of the people living to him that the word the Lord was not actually giving you know an eye to eye a flesh for flesh and ear for ears. It was something that was supposed to convert us from inside. There was something that was supposed to change us from inside. But Brand says if you have God in you, you will see God in everything. That's why he said, remember that story of that little child as his uh the Sunday school teacher, where is God? Are we together? Blessed are the poor in spirit. So you see uh we use the type of the young rich ruler. He was he was rich, you know, uh and everything, but the Bible say he was he was he was uh uh someone that possessed he was a possessor of great things. So what actually ho him, it was not him giving his things to the poor. What hen him was his riches in his spirit. He have a good name. People respect him. He had a proud spirit. Was he ready to give up all of those things for the kingdom? So most of the time the things that hinder us in our work are things that we have inherited, our inner inheritance. Praise the Lord. Some people, some of us are so rich in the spirit and so broke in the flesh. So broke in the flesh. Not to say they are for the joke, but it's it's something serious. Amen. Yeah, it's something serious. I mean, it's uh because it it it affects us outwardly. The whole you know poverty thing and suffering thing is is things that is all in our spirit. We we want to be envious and jealousy and all of that and you know when uh uh trying to also catch up trying to also make name and but as long as we are possessing those things in us the dove do not have a god. So whatever it eats that's what keep it clean on the outside. Amen. It do not have no god. It don't it cannot digest bitterness. So whatever it eats it clean the outside. That's the do. Are we together? Blessed are they that mourn for they shall be comforted. We talk about that is is self moouring thinking about our ways. Like David said I think on my ways and I turn my feet to your testimony. We have to mourn ourself. Blessed are the meek. You find that also is uh is an inner thing. Blessed are they which do hunger and test after righteousness is also an inner thing. Testing and hungering after righteousness. Lord, I want to be like you. Lord, you know uh uh give me the grace to walk like you. Blessed are the merciful. So you go through this, you go through the whole thing here, you will find out that uh uh uh you know he uh he's dealing with the inside. He's dealing with the inside and uh blessed are the men when they are uh persecuted and rejoice and be exceedingly glad. Verse 13. Ye are the salt of the earth, but if the earth has lost its severe, wherewith shall it be salted, and henceforth is good for nothing but is cast out and troing on a foot. You are the light of the word as said it that is set on hill cannot be heard. Are we together? Are we together? Verse 17, we stop on that all night. Jesus says here thing net that I've come to destroy the Lord. Praise the Lord. Now because he's bringing these things to these people and no doubt I believe there were Pharisees. I believe there were scribes that were all part of the group. They were who is this man? I mean what what is he talking about here? You know yet he will also say uh uh uh accept your righteousness. exceed the righteousness of the Pharisees. You know, who can be righteous than the Pharisees? You know, those men, I mean, their their their measurement is right. You know, their measurement down from down is right. And I mean, there is no stain on their garments and all of those things were eyewall things. So, he's trying to drive this thing. Think that I've come to destroy the Lord or the prophet. I'm not come to destroy the Lord or the prophet, but to fulfill it. Amen. This is the fulfillment of what Moses gave to you. I am the fulfillment. In another way, Jesus was telling them, I am the fulfillment of everything that Moses give to you. Keep the Sabbath day holy. He says, "I'm the Lord of the Sabbath." Are we together? For verily I say unto you, till the heaven uh uh uh till heaven and earth pass, not one jot or one turtle shall in no wise pass from the Lord, till all be fulfilled. Whosoever therefore shall break break one of of the least commandment, and shall teach men so, he shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven. But whosoever shall do and teach them, the same shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. Are we together? Yeah. There he speaks about your righteousness exceeding the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees. For I said unto you, except your righteousness shall exceed the the righteousness of the stripe and Pharisees, ye shall in no way enter into the kingdom. I was I was studing something recently. I'm trying to find a way to bring it to you because it might sound very very gross when I'm talking about it. And uh and it's it's uh you you hear the the the the what what Isaiah said. Though our sin is red as crimson, it shall be white as snow. the the from the from the original Hebrew, the translator tried to make it a way for us to be able to receive it. But actually, you will see multiple times in the Old Testament where uh God tried to demonstrate like brother Brandon preach a message the creator of sin to show how cruous sin is. And that is the same way in the Old Testament. You look there in in in uh in uh in Zachcharias, you will see where the prophet Joshua came and and you know and he told this priest that he must go and take dons. He must go and take uh waste, human waste and and and cover himself with it just to be able to show how the sin of the people was dead in the sight of God. Are we together? You see, so I mean uh uh uh when the Bible says our righteousness is like a filthy wreck, your righteousness is like a filthy rag. the the the the the the depth of the Hebrew will would tell you like it's like a mere cloth. That's why it will tell you your righteousness. Are we together? You see, so God has a way of of making us to see how nasty sin is. how evil it is. And it's not only evil, it's it's just nasty. It's gross. So if Jesus says here, except your righteousness and see the righteousness of the scribes and the Pharisees, ye shall in all case enter into the kingdom. Now see what he going into. Now ye have heard that it was said by them of old, thou shalt not kill. What is he doing? Pointing back to Gen Exodus 20. He's pointing back to the Ten Commandments. Are we together? And whosoever shall kill will be endangered of the judgment. For I said unto you, whosoever is angry, which is an inner feeling. Amen. Which is an inner feeling. You see, the law was given, but yet God gives a provision. When he gave them the law, the ten commandments, thou shalt not kill whoever kill, you know, th and all of that. God gave them seven city of refuge that when you come when you ever come in breaking of this law run to one of these city find the high priest and tell him your matter if you don't get there the adventure of blood will kill you so you see how in every way God was giving grace the city of refuge was the grace of God in the time of the Lord. Are we together? But now I say unto you, you have heard, thou shall not care. But now I say unto you, hovering and angry feeling. Praise the Lord. Are we together? Amen. You love the Lord giver. He's the fulfillment of the Lord. Hallelujah. He's the one with everything that they did unto him. Father, counting that to their cause, forgive them. It was the fulfillment of the Lord. Amen. Ye have heard, but I said unto you, whosoever is angry with his brother without a curse, ye h shall be in anger h shall be in danger with the judgment. Praise the Lord. Let me let me go down. I'm trying to I'm trying to hurry up quickly. Whosoever shall say, thy food shall be in the danger of hellfire. Therefore I therefore if thou bring that gift to the altar, and there remember that thy brother have an against thee, leave that gift there. Praise the Lord. Amen. Go and deal with that thing. go and deal with that thing because just like God told Samuel, man looks at the outward but he says God looks at the inward. Are we together? Man looks at the outward, but God looks at the inward. Verse 27. Let's drop down a little bit. I'm trying I'm running. I'm trying to get to a place here. Then I can get uh my time is almost done. But uh ye have heard that it was said by them of old, thou shalt not commit idolatry. But I said unto you, that whosoever lookth on the woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart. Praise the Lord. So you see here that uh that that Jesus is actually dealing with the inner man. The word is preached to bring conviction to us. And you know what many of us do around the message is to just learn the way the prophet said it. We just want to make sure that we are saying it the way brother Brandham said. In as much as that is good, the message was given to change our life. For this divine mystery, truth will change our heart, turn our heart back to the faith of the fathers. That's why he said then he comes right here with this with this uh uh verse that uh you know people take literally. If thy eye offend thee, pluck it out. Cast it is is profitable. If thy hand offend thee, cut it off. And uh and then he deals with that. Now watch, you just see now what what I want what I want you to see here. Look at from verse 27. Look at from verse 27, verse 28, he that lookth on a woman. Verse 29, if thy eyes offend thee. Verse 30, if thy hand offend thee. Verse 31. It had been said unto thee, whosoever put away his wife, let him give her a written divorcement, but I say unto thee. Now, so see what Jesus is doing here. He's taking the lost problem, the lost problem that have c that have created the adultery problem. The adultery problem create the divorce problem. Praise the Lord. It all starts from the lust. See what he's doing now. Are we together? You see how you see how he's how he's just tying it just to just to make us to see because he's coming to show show us here that it's because of the hardiness. The hardiness of their heart that was why they put their wives away. But from the beginning it was not so. So he's trying to show us that our problems start from lust. Are we together? and and and uh the thing about it that is that it's easy for the Pharisees to sit right there in the service and I mean they are shaking who he think he is and what what is he doing there and and but actually this is the law of liberty. Amen. Understanding what is the cause, understanding where it begin from that's the beginning of your victory. Jesus is trying to tell them where this thing begin from. You don't have to live in condemnation when you understand where it begin from. But yet they are so bound in their Lord and they are clenching to their seat and they are holding their garment. They are grabbing their teeth and with all of that they are refusing the Lord of Liberty. They will walk away and go right back into the hardiness of heart when all he's trying to show them is this is where this thing began from. Oh, it is beautiful. Amen. You love the Lord. You love the Lord. Oh man, I uh I really couldn't get in my notes now. So time is already not our friend here. But I mean just just so we can be able to to just appreciate Amen. appreciate the the word that is given to us. Hallelujah. So you find that the the Lord gave her when he came in expressing in interpreting the Lord in trying to bring to us what actually God meant when he says if you keep my commandment and walk in my ways that he was not requiring us. He was trying to have us to appreciate. Praise the Lord. Amen. for us to be able to appreciate where he took us from. In appreciating where he took us from is able to develop a a character for us to trust that he that have brought us this far is more than able to take us in. Praise the Lord. If he has picked us out of sin on the wings of an eagle, he can change our body and take us in the rapture. Falling in love with Jesus. Is the best thing I've ever done. Amen. Is the best thing that I've ever done. Praise the Lord. is the best thing. Oh my, what a wonderful Jesus we serve the Lord. I was looking at one of my notes uh way back. I think that was either uh 2019 or 17 preaching the message uh the felt a mistake and uh I guess I guess not many can remember that. So it's another opportunity for me to repreach it. But you see, just like just like Israel, this is what I want to I want to drive this thing in. It's more like just admonishing you this morning than like than a message. Just like Israel, the mistake of not understanding what God was bringing to them. The same just like the mistake of not taking the birthright serious. That was is a problem. Praise the Lord. It just felt like I mean I I was the first that came out. Okay. I I was the first that came out. What what meaning of this breath right? Are we together? And that's that's that is the thing that has destroyed the Christian faith because we have a bunch of people that believe in God but never take his word serious. That is the thing that is destroying the glorious message that God has sent to us. A group of people that call themselves bride but never wanted to never want to come on a hairship. That's our problem. We never want to come on a hairship. We just want the knowledge of the word. Brother Bam, brother BC, brother Ramsey, brother Ramsey. But we never want to come on a hairship. But you have to remember subjuggestion is the secret weapon of the church. Are we together? The Lord gave came down. The very one that gave the law token flesh and step among his people. Praise the Lord. Amen. The very one that gave the Lord, he took on flesh and he stepped among his people. Hallelujah. And he started telling them, "Ye have heard, but now I say unto you, Amen." I believe many of them stood there and says, "Who is this man? What he mean by I say unto you, what authority does he have? Is he greater than Moses? But this was the lawgiver. This was the very man that wrote those commandments with his fingers on the stone. Praise the Lord. That's the reason why he could write on the sand and tell the woman, "Go and sin no more." The same fingers that wrote on the stone were the same fingers that wrote on the sand. And told her, "Neither do I condemn thee." Let's read something here and then we close. completely out uh where I wanted to go this morning, but it's fine. It's fine. We are we are safe. Amen. Let's read something here and we close. Deuteronomy chapter 5. Now if you if you study the book of Deuteronomy you understand that the book of Deuteronomy is the summing up Moses is summing up the entire journey. He's making a summary because I believe now with walking with God and walking with the people he have understood a whole lot. Praise the Lord. He have understood a whole lot. This uh verses we're going to read is is very very very precious to me. I love it. I love it. Let's read here the uh chapter 5. Let's read verse 28. You can read the entire chapter, but uh for time, let's just read verse 28. And the Lord heard the voice of of your words. Now Moses is telling the people now. You you will you will see here he go he's going back. He's telling the people everything that happened on on Mount Sana when we came out. You know this is what the Lord said to you and this is what you said to him and he heard your voice. He heard you when you said all that the Lord have said we will do. He's he's rehearsing those things to the people. Now listen to what he said. And the Lord heard the voice of your words when ye speak unto me. And the Lord said unto me, I have heard the voice of the words of this people which they have spoken unto them. They have well said all that ye have spoken. Oh, that there were such an heart in them. You see how how he realized that they misunderstood him. How I wish they had a heart to understand. How I wish we have a heart to understand what the message of the hour is. It's not all of these things that we try to make. We bring all our tribalistic thing into it and and and and unconverted and then thing flying over from from different beliefs and all of that. Oh, that there was such a heart in them, that they will fear me, and keep all my commandment always, that it might be well with them, and with their children forever. In a short sense, this is all I wanted. This is all I wanted. I was just saying something to get their heart. I was saying something to capture them. They misunderstood me. I heard everything they said. Oh, if there was such a heart in them. Oh, if we have a heart this morning to say, be it unto me according to your word. Oh, if we have a heart this morning, not to not to put the card before the house, not not to just be uh so so quick to mishandle whatever in this life, whatever, be it sickness, be it tribulation, be it trials, be it financial, whatever, whatever. that the Lord allowed you to deal with. He watch your attitude how you are hindering it. If he could have given it to anybody else, he will have but he have given it to you. How are you dealing with him? If you take God out of the picture, you will only see yourself. You will see the evil where people did. Oh, see what they did. Hey, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then God is nowhere in the picture. Oh, if we have such a heart, if we have such a heart, musicians, you can come There was such a heart in us. We get so carried away and and and and some of the things some of the things that I mean uh it's not like we were we were downtown Minneapolis preaching in Jesus name trying to win souls for Christ. Sometimes it's just our own uh h you know personal things that we I mean it's it's it's not like we we went down to S Somalia and say God let me and now Lord I'm in trouble. I'm in prison. There were people that went through things tough difficult things their family felt like they needed to preach the gospel. They wanted to win souls for Christ. All of those things are I mean it's it's it's so bad that it's it's not in some of our agenda but yet we are going through things of life dealing with family things dealing with uh you know life things that uh God in his divine wisdom have seen you fed Oh, if there is such a heart in us this morning. Oh, if there is such a heart in us this morning to be able to understand, just to be able to understand the desire of the father. See those men? They came around David. That was a [Music] fugitive. They came around David and they understood that this man is the king of Israel. They understood the character. They understood the heart of David. and and and and those guys could put their life in jeopardy. They could go to mines, go down, fetch water, water that David would not even drink because he he just felt overwhelmed and feel all not qualified to drink that this man will risk their life. Oh, if there was such a heart in [Music] us, you know, when I when I read those things, sometimes some of the things that catch my mind, I'm I'm going to save it for another time. I'll save it for another time. I'll save it for another time, people. On Wednesday night, we were talking about intentions. The word of God is sharper and two edges swore. Discerning the intent of your heart. That's what God is looking at. Your intentions matters to him. It speaks loud. Your body might be struggling. Your mind might be struggling. But where is your heart? Where is your heart? Only God has the skill to wait intentions. You can judge your intention from your mind. It's only God that can put your spirit on a scale and measure your intentions. This is just a prayer meeting this morning. Let's worship him now. Be it all to me according to your word. I can stand secure my heart. control that sets me free. Calling to you your word, oh Lord, be it all to me. Oh, be it all to me. I call into your word. I call into your promises. I can sense you gather upon my heart. This truth that will set me free. Calling to your word, oh Lord, be it all to me. Oh, be it onto me. I call into your word. I call into your promise, Lord. I can stand secure. Oh God, upon this heart of mine, there truth that will deliver me. Calling to your word, Lord. be it all to [Music] me. Let's sing that [Music] [Music] chorus. Think about it this morning, saints. We can be faithful to a church. You can be loyal to your [Music] pastor. Oh that we if we have such a heart Oh, if we have such a heart creating me in a new heart creating me. That's what I was thinking about. While the music plays softly now let's let's just think about it. Let's bring ourself to that place. Just think about that verse. Oh, if there was such a heart in me to understand all that he want me to do. Oh, if there was such a heart in me to understand why he allowed [Music] this. Do you see why God has to send an Elijah message? [Music] Because the heart of the people, the people have gone through just a whole lot. Their heart was told between idolatry and between uh uh uh everything that Ahab has introduced to them, the worship of God and all of those things. The people were standing between two opinion. Cast me not [Music] away from your presence, oh Lord. Take not your holy spirit from me. [Music] resto the joy of my salvation and renew the right spirit within me. Yes, Lord, cast me away from your presence. Oh, and take that your holy spirit from me. Restore unto me, the joy of my redemption. Spirit within me. create me a clean heart, oh Lord, and renew the right spirit within me. Create in me the clean heart, oh Lord, and renew the right spirit within me. Yes, Lord, please cast me not away from your presence. Oh no Jesus, take down your Holy Spirit from me. Restore all to me. Spirit with me. When John sent his disciples to go and ask Jesus, Jesus said this to him, "Blessed is he that is now offended in me." John, you might not understand what you're going through, but it's my word. Blessed is he that is not offended. I mean, when when we start being offended in our spirit because of what we going through, why me, Lord? Why not you? Why if God is just trusting you? He's just testing [Music] you. You see, because we do not rejoice in our trials, that's the reason why we don't know how to celebrate victory. We don't know how to testify when God do things for us. We don't know how to rejoice in his promises because we frown in our trials. We we uh I mean we we just misunderstand everything and uh and and and I mean it's it's it put us to such a place. It mess us up so bad that we get to such a place that even when God comes on the scene and brings the miracle and do the deliverance, we don't know how to rejoice in it. We don't rejoice in it long because we don't suffer long with the Lord. We don't suffer in his word and say, "Oh God, I love you. I thank you. [Music] Father, give us such a heart, Lord. Thank you, Father God, for Malachi 4. Thank you Lord for a prophet messenger Lord God. Thank you for the man from Kentucky that you send oh God Lord Jesus with a message Lord God to turn our hearts back to turn our hearts back Lord to give us the heart of God. The heart to be able to rejoice in truth. the heart of God, Father, to be able to oh God, rejoice in trial, Lord [Music] God. Because you see when you when you take a positive attitude, it create a mindset in you. It create a mindset that you are not misunderstanding things that are happening. Sometimes even people misunderstand their health. Oh, I I don't know what I've done. And then they go back and they start sessioning their life and looking for sin. It don't have to be sin. Sometime God just going to allow it to show that he's a healer. Why? Everything that God would trust us with have to be for one reason or another. Why can we think about it that maybe is for his glory? Glorify [Music] [Music] yourself. Dear father, we just want to thank you this afternoon. Thank you, Lord, for coming in a special way, Lord, to bless our fellowship, oh God. Thank you, precious Lord, for just speaking to us. You are the very one, oh God, Father, Lord, that came down on that mountain with thunders, Lord, and lightning, oh God, Father. And the stones on the mountain were rolling. The people got afraid and said not the let not the Lord speak to us lest Moses speak and uh God father you were the same one there Lord God Father standing and says sir blessed are the poor in spirit. Blessed are the meek. Blessed are you when men shall say all manner of evil against you. Rejoice, rejoice and be exceedingly [Music] glad. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, because you are the same one, Lord, and the only one that was wanted to open the book and to lose those seals. So, Father God, you are the only one, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus, that was able to reveal the mysteries in this day. And those divine mystery truth your prophet said will literally turn our heart back. Is those divine mystery [Music] truth. Father we just want to thank you. Thank you Lord God because your word said the bride will have the mind of Christ. She will know exactly what to do with the word. So we pray oh God father bless your people Lord bless your people speak to them oh God father when they are alone bring back your word to them. Deal with their hearts Lord give them a heart to God. Give them a heart, such a heart that that can be able to rejoice with you, a heart that can be thankful, a heart that can be grateful, Lord. Oh, blessed be your holy name. We love you. We love you, Jesus. We love you, Father. [Music] We love you, sweet Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Now just bless us, Lord, and bless the rest of the week. Go with us, Lord. Watch over our going out and our coming in. [Music] You know where we are, Father. You know what we dealing with. Meet us. Meet us at those very areas of our lives. We surround it in your hands now. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Let's sing that song. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. The Lord bless you. Let's stand to our feet. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. Oh, I want to see him. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I want to see him on his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me play my voice. Oh, get up fast. Whom my liver told. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I want to see the Lord look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me live my voice. Oh, get up high. Oh my heaven. Okay, now running through the land sinking as I go pointing soul to Calvary to the great flow. May the arrows cast my soul from without the Lord and throw him. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to see the ball who kept on dare to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me leave my voice here to pass home ever to the next one [Music] now for the Lord beneath the night. God I claim oh close to him. He will give me life. Satan still may vex my soul turn my goddess but the Lord go ahead whatever. Oh hallelujah. Oh, I want to see the more kept on giving thanks and there to sing for heaven of the saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me [Music] defa to rejoice. Now that will be the living in the fight with tender hand to the valley. Lord guiding me. I can say as I onward. Oh yeah. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon this place to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lay my [Music] voice for my life. Ever to rejoice. Oh, I want to sing look upon his face and to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me make my voice of whom my life ever. Let's sing that last verse. And before he will ride the mighty day and he ride my he and he lead me s through this world. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love it. Oh yeah. Oh, I want to see the Lord look upon his face. Let you sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me make my voice. Yes. Upon all my life ever to rejoice. Oh man. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. What a love. This is just a message of love. Amen. A message of grace. A message of grace. Praise the Lord. The one that pick us up on eagle wings, he's able to fly us away. Amen. He able to fly us away. Uh let's sing our flight away then. Amen. Since we flying, let's just fly. Amen. Since he picks up all Let's just fly away. [Music] I fly away. Oh, glor away. Oh, when I die. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I fly away. Yes, I found a way. Oh, glory. I fly away in the morning. I'm going down. Oh, hallelujah. Let's do the first verse now. Adore me when this life is over. I find [Applause] [Music] away I fly. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, I found a way. Oh, glory. How far [Music] away I go there. Hallelujah. Far and by far away when the shadows of this life are gone. I know I will fly away like a bird from prison. I will fly away. Oh yes I fly away. Oh glory I fly away in the morning. Oh, hallelujah. Bar and I. Yes, I fly away. Just a few more this day. And I fly away to a land where Josh shall never end. I know. Yes, I will find a way. Oh yeah, I found a way. Glory. I have found a [Music] way. Oh, hallelujah. By and by. Oh, hallelujah. I'm fly away to glory. I'll fly away. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. He's wanted to be praised. Yes, he's wanted to be praised. Blessed be the name of the Lord. That's our Lord giver. He's wanted to be praised. Praise the Lord. Amen. Many amen. He's wanted to be praised. Hallelujah. The Lord bless you. Go in the peace of the Lord. We see you on Wednesday night. uh for those that will be able to make it. If not, we see you next Sunday. Let's go in the peace of the Lord. And uh uh okay, play that. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. There are people almost everywhere all the way.
