################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-02-17 - (2-17-16) The Rapture Is Pre-Tribulation - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2016-02-17
Title:    (2-17-16) The Rapture Is Pre-Tribulation
Speaker:  
Church:   Pastor Jesse Smith
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 3h 6m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WYS3ekk7yE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Natal. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] the [Music] jingle. Everything [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Lou. [Music] I [Music] am [Music] to you. [Music] Heat. Heat. Where are you? [Music] La. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] through there. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Praise God. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. It's always good to be in God's house. Amen. I was happy when they said unto me, "Let us go into the house of the Lord." Praise God. Let's have a moment of prayer if we can. Let's just bow our heads and uh you know, I kind of rushed in after work. I'd like to just maybe take a few minutes and pray if we can by the grace of God. Let's we can just quiet our hearts here. Heavenly Father, Lord, tonight we find ourselves with sound minds and sound bodies and we find oursel a privileged people. Lord, it it's always a sacred thing to come into your house, Lord, to bow our heads and to see saints drive miles and miles and minutes and minutes, Lord, to come and hear thy word. It always makes me feel real little. And Father, we appreciate that. We We expect that, Lord, that you would be the great one amongst us, Lord. And that we would love to serve one another, Lord. We would deem it a privilege of our lives to be able to serve hand in hand in a partnership, Lord, with every child of God in this area. Lord, Father, we've given us a great day today, Lord. You've given us grace to get here, Lord, and health and strength, as we said, and food and shelter, clothing, and jobs, Lord God. And we're grateful for that. We want to take the next few hours, Lord, and we just want to make them yours, Lord. We want to focus completely upon you, Lord. We thank you for this this time of worship, Lord. We just raise our hands or we bow our heads and we just want to say thank you, Lord. And we just want to, Lord, commit our lives into your hands, Father. Once again, dear God, take away all of our nerves, Lord. Take away all of our maybe distracting thoughts, Lord. And Father, may you get preeminence here tonight. May your word and your songs and your worship go above everything else in our lives and our hearts and our minds. Lord, help us to be still and know that you are God as the scripture says. Lord, we quieten ourselves. We still ourselves. And Lord, we just Lord, cast down anything that would exalt itself against the knowledge of God. Lord, we just take take your word as a child. Lord God, let us be children tonight that can just Lord, as far as believing, can just believe your word. But let us be mature as far as sin and recognizing sin and casting down sin. But with childlike faith, accept the revealed word of God for this hour here in 2016. Oh, how we need it. How we love it. Oh God, how we're we're just Lord trusting in it, Lord God. Waiting upon it, Lord God. Waiting for thy word to come forth as the dew, Lord, in the morning, God. As the plants wait for the dew, Lord, as the heart, Lord, thirst for the water, so our soul thirsts for thee tonight, God. This service is so important to us, oh God. The word is the absolute in our lives, God. So Lord, refresh us in thy presence here tonight. Bless every heart and soul that press their way out to the house of God. Be with those that are hungered and thirsting, Lord, as they live stream, dear God, from different countries, Lord, from Lord, different states, from this city, perhaps Lord, be with your children, God. May you make us more dedicated to you. Make us fall more in love with you, God. And may you have Lord a better uh Lord a better control of our lives as we learn to yield. You said whoever we love the most we would yield to and serve. Help us to serve you better because we love you Lord God. Help us to Lord always submit to your spirit. Dear God, thank you for your protection now. Lord take these songs and make them yours Lord and take this word Lord and reveal it to our hearts Father. Place it in a special place Lord. Father, there's many needs we'll get to, but I just pray you, Lord, you'd prepare our hearts as we worship. Dear God, we give you the praise, honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. Let's just sing that. Only believe there. Praise God. Only believe that all things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. Oh, Jesus is here. All things are possible cuz Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord I receive. Lord I believe. And Lord I believe. Lord I believe. Believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. He is able, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is able, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than a to handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He's able more than able to make me what he wants me to be. Sing that again. Praise God. And he is aable, more than able to accomplish what concerns me today. He is aable, more than able to handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. He is able, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. To make me what he wants. Oh, to make me what he wants me to be. Sing that again. To make me. Oh, to make me what he wants me to be. Glory. Let's give the Lord a round of applause. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. You're more than able tonight, Lord God, to make us what you want us to be. Lord, we only believe tonight. We believe in you. Believe in your promises. Lord, we love you, Jesus. We worship you, dear God. We love you. Praise God. Amen. Let's try that number 222 in the book there. In the valley, he restoreth my soul. They might have to be patient with me, sister. I haven't sang this in a while, but I open to that song. I thought, oh, I like to sing that tonight. Praise God. Amen. We'll try to get this song, dear. Sister Carrie C used to sing that song a lot. Always bless my heart. Praise God. He leads me beside still waterers somewhere in the valley [Music] below. And he draws me aside to be tested and tried. But in the valley he restoreth my soul. See the course again. Praise God. Oh, he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley below. and he draws me aside to be tested and dried. But in the valley, he restoreth my soul. First verse, low in the spirit. Oh, when I'm low in the spirit, I cry, Lord, lift me up. I want to go higher with thee, but the Lord knows I can't live on the mountain. So he picked out a valley for me and he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley [Music] below and he draws me aside. side to be tested and dry, but in the valley he restoreth my soul. Second verse. Oh, it's dark as a dungeon and the sun set shines and I question, Lord, why must this be? Nobody tells me there's strength in my sorrow and there's victory in trials for me. Glory. Amen. And he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley below. And he draws me aside to be tested and tried. But in the valley he restoreth my soul. Sing a course again. Oh, he leads me beside still waters somewhere in the valley below. And he draws me aside to be tested and tried. But in the valley he restoreth my soul. But in the valley But in the valley he restoreth my soul. Praise God. Aren't you glad he restores your soul? Amen. Praise God. Amen. I had a little song in my heart number 471. I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. Cuz you see, he's been so good to me, church. Praise God. I trust you feel that way tonight. Praise God. Let's start with the course. I've got so much. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. you see. He's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. First verse. When I look When I look around and see all the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. For his blessings, he freely gives. I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Second verse. Oh, and sometimes while on this way, I stop to kneel and say thank you for all you've done for me. And when I reach sweet heaven shore, only just let me kneel once more. I've got so much to thank him for. Hallelujah. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. He's sweet. He's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Second verse. Oh, and sometimes while on this way, I just stop to kneel and say thank you for all you've done for me. And when I reach sweet heaven shore, only just let me near once more. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And of course, again, I've got and I've got so much to thank him for. so much to praise him for. You see, he's been so good to me. And when I think of what he's done and where he's brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. Amen. Let's thank him a little bit. Thank you, Jesus. So much to thank him for. so much to praise you for. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. We give you praise and honor. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. We love you tonight. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord God. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. For you are great. You do miracles. so great. There is no one else like [Music] you. There is no one else like you. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you give. You deserve the glory. You deserve the [Music] glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. You do. You are great. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let's go before the Lord in a few prayer requests here by God's grace tonight. Like to have your seats, that'd be fine, too. Here by God's grace. I have one pretty urgent prayer request here. Um I didn't get any written down. Of course, I didn't check the basket before service. So, if you put in the basket, I didn't get it. The most urgent prayer request we have tonight is that um found out yesterday that the student in my class who had cancer, the cancer came back. Uh she got cancer in the liver, a sweet little girl named Kylie. Uh so let's just lift her up before the Lord here. And I told the mother today, I said, uh next time you know, you know, the date of the next CAT scan or whatever more, let me know and ask the church to fast and pray whoever feels led to. You know, um, Brother Ram said, "Some people were born to fast and pray." He told that to Sister Shakarian. Sister Shakarian said, "How come I can't cast out demons?" But Ram, all to do is fast and pray. He said, "You weren't born to cast out demons. You were born to fast and pray." So, I thought I'll let you know next time I find out the date. Uh, she had a CAT scan yesterday and it came back positive. um a seven-year-old girl and uh you know it just breaks your heart to see a mother crying you know and she said we're trying not to be upset with God because we don't understand now they don't know the message or anything like that but but you can imagine how it battle parents would can't you imagine that as a as a parent you know you you'd wonder why a lot it came back you know after radiation things like that so let's let's keep that family in prayer it's kind of urgent request there and be in touch about that I'll try to let you know if you'd like to pass and pray. We'd like to do that by God's grace. So, that's the first request uh that we have this morning or this evening [Music] rather. Uh any other requests that I didn't get with Jose? Yes, sir. Amen. Well, it's good to see our brother Jose back. We will pray for you, man. We missed you. Brother Kevin got up here on Sunday morning. He said, "I just missed brother Jose. I got a real burden to pray for him and his family." So, we prayed for you, brother on Sunday morning and sure appreciate. Good to see you. Let's pray for his health by God's [Music] grace. Any other needs here tonight? [Music] Truly Cindy's aunt brain tumor. [Music] Praise the Lord. We'll do that by God's [Music] grace. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God is good. God is [Music] good. For those we don't see tonight, let's keep them in prayer. uh by God's grace. Not sure where everybody's at, but uh let's just uh pray for our brothers and sisters. We sure love everybody. And thank God for the testimonies he's done in our lives. Amen. So, let's uh bow our heads in prayer. We also pray for tithes and offerings here. How many know God's a healer? How many know God is all powerful? Let's pray to that all powerful God here. Heavenly Father, again, we love you, Lord. We come with thanksgiving in our hearts. Lord, we know you're more than able. Dear God, dear Jehovah, almighty God, creator of heaven and earth. Oh God, we bow our hearts to you, Lord. And we worship your holy name. You're great. You do miracles so great, Lord. We know the greatest miracle, salvation. We thank you, Lord, for Lord, uh changing our hearts and lives, Father God. Manifesting yourself in a powerful way in our lives to change, Lord, what our our temporal destiny was hell. And now, Lord, by predestination, we're going back to heaven, Lord. Redeemed, brought back, Lord. We thank you for that amazing miracle, Lord, of salvation. We give you praise, honor, and glory tonight in your sanctuary. We worship you, Lord, and give you praise. Father, forgive us of our sins and iniquities as we approach the throne of grace and mercy. For Lord, we want hearts that don't condemn us. We want hearts that are pure, hearts without guile. Oh Lord God, help us to be sincere as we pray. Dear God, for we keep the feast, Lord, with sincerity and truth as Christ as our Passover lamb, dear God, that's the the blood of the lamb is there in heaven for us, Lord God. We thank you, Lord, for that blood. Forgive us, Lord, as we approach you and may you minister these needs, these three requests. Father, we pray for Sister Hua's coworker Cindy and her aunt with a brain tumor. Dear God, we just pray that her faith would rise, Lord God, and perhaps use Hua or someone else, Lord, to share the word of God, Lord. It might be your time to call the person home. We don't know. But Lord, if you want to manifest healing or salvation, we just plead for both. But Lord, most importantly, salvation. God, give us the words and give us the leadership. Lord, if you'd allow us to have an open door, we'd love to go pray. But Lord, if we can't physically pray, then we pray now, dear God. And we ask you be merciful to this person. May they know you in the power of your resurrection, oh God. And may you manifest yourself to that individual, dear God. In Jesus name, we pray for brother Jose's health, oh God. He's been battling the last few weeks, oh God. As we just sang, Lord, in the valley, he restoreth our soul, Lord. So restore his soul and bring him back to this mountaintop of health, dear God, where he could serve you with all of his strength. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name, Lord God. Let our faith rise, oh God. And may he experience the healing. We ask you, Lord, for your glory in Jesus' name. Lord, we also pray for this young child, dear God. Lord, my heart breaks and I just weep and cry, Lord, to see this happen, but Lord, it reminds us as even Jesus cried at Lazarus's tomb, yet he knew the outcome was for healing and resurrection. So, Father, may it be that way, dear God. May you bring healing to this child. Oh, Satan, the blood of Jesus Christ is against you. We pray for healing, dear God. And as your prophet prayed, dear God, we set the blood of Jesus between Satan and this child. And may the blood of Jesus overcome Satan. We know will, dear God. We're trusting, believing, confessing to the high priest. May you minister healing, Lord, to this child in all these requests, Lord God. We ask that you be merciful. We ask for your glory, Lord, to be manifested on this earth, Lord God. This is where we need healing now. Your prophet said, "We don't need healing in the millennium. We need it now, dear God. So let it manifest. We pray. We believe." And you said, "All who ask shall receive, dear God." So minister, we pray to these needs. We believe it. We'll thank you for it and give you the praise and honor in Jesus Christ's name. And the church said, "Let's give him the praise." Praise God, Lord. We believe. We take it your word tonight, dear God. Take at your word, Lord. Minister, Lord, to these, dear God. We thank you in advance, Lord. Thank you advance, dear God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah, Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's sing a couple more songs here. It's already 7:30. My goodness. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing a couple more by the grace of the Lord here. Amen. Let's sing. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet. Number 465 there in the book there. 465. Thy word is a lamp unto my feet. Praise God. Oh, thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Oh, thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. When I feel afraid. Oh, when I feel afraid and think I've lost my way, still you're there right beside me. Nothing will I fear as long as you are near. Peace be near me to the end. And thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Thy word, all thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. I will not forget. Oh, and I will not forget your love for me. And if my heart forever is wondering, Jesus be my guide and hold me to your side and I will love you to the end. And thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a lie unto my path. Thy word, oh thy word, is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. I will not forget. Oh, I will not forget your love for me. And yet my heart forever is one. Jesus be my God and hold me to your side. And I will love you to the end. [Music] In my word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path. Thy word and thy word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my. You're the light into my path. Amen. Oh, you're the light unto my path. Sing that again. You're the light. Oh, you're the light unto my path. Amen. Thank God he's our light. Praise God. Let's see one more song here before we get into the word of God. Let's see number 487 a little bit there. 487. Jesus, we're depending on you. How many depending on the Lord tonight? Hallelujah. Every day. Praise God. Israel came to the water. Praise [Music] God. Came to the waters. Didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. Then the Lord moved the water and they walked right on through. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see us through. When your face tried by fire, don't know what to do. The devil's a liar. There isn't much he can do. Although he tried to stop us, we see our way through. Jesus, we're depending on [Music] you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see. First verse. Israel came to the water. Didn't know what to do. There was no one to help them. Couldn't see their way through. The Lord moved the water and they walked right on through. Jesus, we're depending. Let's stand to our feet and sing this. Amen. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you. Depending on you to see. Second verse. When your face dried by fire, you don't know what to do. The devil's a liar. Isn't much he can do. Although we tried to stop us, we see our way through. Jesus, we're depending on you. Glory. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you. [Music] Jesus, we're depending on you. Jesus, we're depending on you. Depending on you. Sing the chorus one more time. Oh Jesus, we're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, Jesus. We're depending on you, depending on you to see us through. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. We depend upon you, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. All of our hearts. Amen. Praise God. Let's get in the word of God here tonight by God's grace. Take your Bibles tonight. We'll get into the word. But John, I got a little slideshow here tonight. by God's grace. Like let's start Revelation chapter 3:10. We'll start there tonight. I told you last week I like to look at uh the rapture a little bit more. So kind of this week I've been studying on that. We had a snow day on Tuesday. So that was a real blessing. I got some extra time to study. I sure appreciate that. Thank God. Sure needed that, too. So uh Revelation 3:10. A title tonight. Uh, I'd like to speak on the rapture is pre-tribulation. I' like to speak on that tonight by the grace of the Lord. The rapture is pre-tribulation. So, we'll look at that here. Uh, Revelation 3. Sorry, I didn't know I had all those buildings there. Revelation 3:10 and then we'll go to 1 Thessalonians, I believe, is a text. Yes, Thessalonians 4. So, you know, the last few weeks I've been thinking about the rapture. I've got this brother uh who live streams because don't have a home church and uh said he said, "Brother Jess, could you teach some time on the rapture?" And I said, "Yeah, let me pray about it." And I really felt like I'd like to do it. Um so, and as I studied it, it just kind of seemed to open up. And by God's grace, we like to look at this tonight. I've never taken one sermon and just focused on how we do how do we prove that by the Bible that the rapture comes before the tribulation. So, I got to do that this week. I really enjoyed it. I think you'll be blessed here tonight by God's grace. I really hope so. Hope you leave out encouraged. Praise God. Hope you get taught the word of God and also enjoy this message here tonight by God's grace. Revelation 3:10. Let's read this one together here. We can read that. That's not too long. Let's read this on three. 1 2 3. Because thou hast kept the word of my patience, I also will keep thee from the hour of temptation, which shall come upon all the world to try them that dwell upon the earth. Praise God. Let's go to 1 Thessalonians chapter 4. 1 Thessalonians chapter 4:1 15. Now, we're real familiar with this portion. It's a good thing we are because when I was growing up for 19 years, I never heard this preached one time. So, thank God, as we said Sunday night, thank God that he brought us in this message and now we know just more about Jesus in John 3:16. Now, we know the whole plan, the mystery of redemption, because the book's been open to us. Amen. Glory. So, thank God for that, brother John. Thankful you had safe travel, brother. Good to see you by God's grace. Hallelujah. Praise God. uh 1 Thessalonians 4:15. I'll read these here because it's a little bit lengthy, but we're familiar with this. Verse 15. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, this wasn't Paul's thought. This was the word that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore comfort one another with these words. Now you remember before uh man got his hands on this Bible there was no chapter separations. So this leads right into chapter 5 which in the original letter there was no chapters right? So we keep this same line of thought after the rapture. It continues down and Paul starts talking about how we'll be saved from the tribulation. Right? Verse one in chapter 5. But of the times and seasons, brethren, you have no need that I write unto you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For when they shall say, now they say it, peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them as travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. They Yes. But we shall. Amen. But ye, brethren, are not in darkness that you should be over that the day should overtake you as a thief. Praise God. Ye are all the children of light and the children of the day. We are not in the light nor the darkness. So in other words, there'll be no surprises for us. Praise God. We won't be overtaken and surprised. We know exactly and we expect what is to happen in the future. We expect it to happen and it will happen. Why? Because the spirit of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy for telling us things to come. Amen. Verse six. Therefore, let us not sleep as do others, but let us watch and be sober. For they that are asleep sleep in the night, and they that be drunken are drunk in the night. But let us who are of the day be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love, and for in helmet the hope of salvation. That's deliverance. For God hath not appointed us to what? Wrath. So the day of the Lord was wrath to those in darkness, but to us, the Bible says this, but we but to obtain what? Salvation, which is deliverance, right? deliverance by our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. How many thankful for the word of God tonight? Amen. Praise God. Let's have one more word of prayer if we can. Heavenly Father, we read this holy book, this holy words here, Lord God, before us. Break it. Help us to understand it now, Lord. I've never taught on this topic. I've never heard a sermon on this topic, Lord, as far as Lord myself. But God, I pray you'd open it to us here tonight. It's been burning on my heart, dear God. And I just trust you'll speak to us here. Teach us thy word, Lord. We love you so much. and Lord have your way tonight in Jesus Christ's name and the church said amen. Amen. God bless you being se there. Praise God. As I said about two weeks ago, I started studying on this and then uh was emailing sister Kerianne, brother Adam about this a little bit this week and uh I thought this might be the season for me to study it. So as I started studying on Monday, just started breaking open. It's one of those study sessions, brother Jean, you probably know, you know, where just like my all these things are coming to you and you just want to get everything down before you forget something. So that's what happened to me. I was like, "Mcy, Lord, just trying to get everything down so I didn't lose anything." But I like to uh look at this here tonight. By God's grace, I know you'll be blessed here. Uh I think we can prove it by the word of God that the church doesn't go through the tribulation. Amen. Now, there's a little bit of question as we mentioned on Sunday night. There's a little bit of question. Well, is there a squeeze type of uh session or a um some type of brother called it tightening and he called it a squeeze. Is there a what you say a minor persecution for the bride before the rapture? Seems like there could. Brother Bam said it like this when talking about the millennium. He said it seems like there could be. Seems like there might not be. So he applied that to millennium. Will there be children born in the millennium? Will children die in the millennium? Brother said it seems like there w would be. Seemed like there might not be. I don't know. And that's what we can actually say about the the squeeze. We don't have a thus sayeth the Lord on it as far as we can see. It seems like it might be, but then we're not quite sure because we never see a thus sayeth the Lord. That's just from my heart. That's just from what I've taught, what I can see from the quotations. So, it's one of those things where you know what? Uh we don't need somebody, like we said Sunday night, we don't need somebody else to make us ready. The Holy Spirit make us ready. I don't need an event out there to make me ready. The Holy Spirit's already in me making me ready. Like that dove, the oil on the insides cleaning me out all the time anyway. Glory. Amen. I don't need to look out there for the last sign. We've seen the last sign. Now, we can look at conditions. Right. We can look at conditions. Like brother said, we can look at conditions around us and that gives us clues. We look at our watch. But as far as the last sign, we've seen that brother's ministry was the last sign before the rapture. Yes. And that's thus sayeth the Lord because that's scripture. That's revel that's Genesis chapter uh 18 where God in flesh comes and discerns Abraham's and Sarah's heart or Sarah's heart before the body change. That's thus sayith the Lord. So we have that by God's grace. Now let's get started here. There's different views on this subject. Some of you remember this. There's more than three, but I just I'm just going to show you three. There's more than three. I'm not surprised by that. Okay, there's more than three. So the first one is what we believe a pre-tribulation. So, we believe the rapture is going to happen before the tribulation. That's right. And then after that, you have the second coming with the church. That's Armageddon, millennium, white throne, judgment, eternity. Right. Now, a lot of people believe this because of the three and a half years and the 1,260 days. They apply that to the church instead of applying it to Israel. And so, they believe after that half of the tribulation, the rapture goes up. So, that's called a mid-tribulation rapture. See how important it is to know who you are in the scripture, right? See how important it is to be identified the bride and the foolish virgin. See how important that is? It's extremely important and know the Jews and everything like that. Uh the the third one we'll talk about a little bit is the post-tribulation. So this is what most people believe now. It's kind of swayed. When brother Brandon was on the earth, uh he said it was mostly people believed in the rapture before the tribulation. But now as I listen to different ministers, I go on YouTube and listen. I just type in pre-tribulation, listen to a few first few minutes of their of their their videos cuz they're nice people. But a lot of people now believe in this, okay? They believe in that because I I think because this said people are scared about this that they'll miss it. So people like to reject that. But people could see this. People could be more prepared for this because they could see all the tribulation say, "Well, I got to make ready." So people naturally cling to this one nowadays. People aren't living like they used to live back in brother's day. Are you with me church? They don't like this because oh you're scaring me. But the Christians not it's not about fear. It's about love. Amen. That's right. Praise God. So this is the way a lot of people now in the mainstream churches. I'm not talking about the minorities. I'm talking about the mainstream. Mainstream believes this or some believe. Now there's a fourth one where this there's none at all. There's no rapture at all. That's what the Catholic Church believes. There's no rapture at all. They just feel like they've already arrived in the millennium. And we know that's not the case because we don't see any lion laying down by lamb and them having, you know, just good fellowship and things like that. But the man said during the millennium, Satan's not on the earth. Well, we see Satan everywhere, right? In cancer and cancer and and depression and suicide and alcoholism. We see Satan everywhere. But during the millennium, Satan's bound in the bottomless pit for a thousand years. So, we know this ain't the millennium. I got a sermon on that. So, I'm kind of breaking in that other sermon. So, let me stop. All right. So, um, now I was taking notes earlier, so I just wanted to skip this one. I was watching a video this morning. I got through it, but this is where I stopped, but I actually finished it. So, I forgot to take that slide out. Now, I listened to the whole message in 1958. Yesterday, on my day off, I got to listen to 1958, the sudden secret going away of the church. Yeah, it's only an hour and 15 minutes. There's a nice short sermon. Uh, brother Ram though, he says at the beginning, if you listen to it, Brother Ram didn't have much time to open his Bible. He just said, but he was praying for the sick so much. So he just said while he was coming to church, this scripture 1 Thessalonians 5 came to his mind and you want to preach on it. So he starts preaching a little bit about the rapture. And then he gives a few types. The first type, he said, is your family. He said, let's pretend you have children that are grown and they're off on vacation or they moved away. And he said, let's he said, let's imagine that they're going to come back and visit you, but you don't know the day or the hour. He said, my if you were that parent, you'd want to have everything in order so when your child came back, you could just focus on them and not have to worry about the mess. He says the second one he gave was uh uh the attack on Pearl Harbor which Malachi I'm sure his eyes would perk up. He loves World War II. He gets out World War II books every time we go to the library every Saturday. Um and brother takes quite a while about 20 or 30 minutes on Pearl Harbor. And he said they knew in advance. There was warnings all in advance that the the J he said the Japs. Now that's not a politically correct term now. So forgive me if there's any Japanese out there, but that's the quote he uses. Uh the Japs like he uses colored and things like that. Negro. Those aren't really political correct words now. But I'm just saying it. I'm not degrading anybody. I'm just saying what he said. Okay. But the Japanese were going to attack and he gives he dramatizes and he goes in to begin saying how how uh all these people were nervous about it but they planned a big shindig. He calls a dance on the Saturday night before the Sunday morning. I believe it was December 7th if I'm not mistaken. Uh where the the Japanese attacked and he said they planned a big dance. They spent all this time and money and uh he said all these soldiers were worried. He said but these girls walked in and threw their legs up on the table. Now can you imagine how moral that would have been? And he said, "You bunch of worry warts." He said, "Uh, we could what do you want to do? Worry about war all the time or do you want to have some fun?" So he said they started throwing back drakes. He said, "Pretty soon they stripped down the women and then took them out in the street and put them on a jeep and just drove down there and had a big old time." He says, he said the next morning, he said, "But the whole time they were doing that, trying to tell the people, don't worry, don't worry. The enemy was closing in." Yeah. And they didn't even see their destruction coming. Is that right? And you know the story, they wake up in the morning to explosions and blasts. I believe it was 7 something a.m. where the Japanese finally came and started bombing. He said the men had a hard time getting up because of their hangovers, right? And he said that's how it will be with the rapture. The bride will be taken away and they'll be still eating and drinking, marrying, giving in marriage. Praise God. And then sudden destruction comes. Now he spends the rest of the time talking about his tax case. Now you can't trust the government if you listen to that. And uh they always persecuted all the the pro prophets of God down through the age. Caesar was after, you know, Jesus and the Roman government, all these things like that and all all the saints. And they said, "Oh, we're going to put you in jail, brother, for 20 years." And brother said, he said, "They did that to my brother." They said, "What brother do you have that was in jail for 20 years?" They checked the records. He said, "My brother Paul, they put him in jail." He said, "My brother John." They put him in jail on the aisle of Patmos. He said, "Glory." Amen. But he said, "The laws of the land are no longer based upon the Bible." Is that right? We know that. But he closes by saying, "You know, you don't know the day or the hour. The bride's got to make herself ready." And he closes with the story of the rancher whose son went out west to find a daughter. Glory to God. Amen. And he goes out there and they said they had the Charleston dance, which today might be the Macarena or what do they call that? The dab dance now. Ain't that what they do now? the dab. And when I was in school, it's the ma macarina. I always called it the macarina to make fun of it. The macarina. They always got a dance. And Satan always raised up a dance to distract the people. Right? And uh he tells a story there how they were doing the Charleston and the the rancher son said, "I don't want that kind of a woman. I want a real woman." So he was walking away and he saw a pretty girl walk out with a dish pan full of dirty water, right? And went out and poured it out. And he said he just he said something in his heart struck her and said that's the one. And he said who are you? Can I get your name? And he said yeah you get my name. And he said he said what do you do all the time? He said I just wash dishes. I'm the I'm the cousin of all these girls. And he said something struck the man's heart. He said will you marry me? She said don't joke around with me like that. I'm not worthy of that. He said will you marry me? And she said she said this. I'm not even worthy to wash your dishes let alone marry you. And he said, "That's the way the real bride of Christ is." Amen. We're not even worthy there to be a servant in the new city. But if Jesus loves us and something strike Jesus heart and says, "You're the bride. Then let's accept his wedding proposal." Amen. Glory. And you know the story. He said, "I give you my word. I'll be back in one year's time." Yeah. He said, "Make yourself ready." So he rides off and she's so excited. And they said, "Why are you so excited? when you're just washing dishes. He said the rancher son, he said he's going to marry me. They're making fun of her and laugh at her and just make her a spectacle for a whole year. They made fun of her. Made her cry. Going to have to battle. Well, he promised me. Brother Bham said, "Oh, he wouldn't marry you. He does that to all the girls." They said they're they're just teasing you. And brother said, "Jesus doesn't tease. Amen. If Jesus gave you his word that you're his bride, then you'll be the bride. Amen. He don't tease women like that. He's a real man. When he finds the right one, he gives her a word and he keeps his word. That's a real man. We're going to preach on some real men coming up here by God's grace. Hallelujah. Cuz men, as men, we got to be leaders. And we find Satan attacks us the hardest because we're the leader sometimes. Praise God. Amen. We get all zealous and can lead real good for a while, but then Satan tries to attack us to make somebody else lead us. Praise God, church. Could be the children, could be the wife, could be somebody's neighbor, could be your boss, but the man is to lead by the power of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Glory. And so he said, she got ready. She saved up all of her pennies. He said she was a saving woman. She didn't go spend her money frivolously and she bought the prettiest dress and about a year to the day she said, "I know he'll be here. I just believe it." And they're still making fun of her. She puts on her dress. Remember, gives puts her two weeks in glory. And he said, he said, she goes out there and stands there and they say, "Oh, look at her. She's so she thinks she's going to be married. This little insignificant girl." Yeah, right. like he'd marry you. And she said, she just looked at her, looked at him and said, "He promised me." Amen. Christ promised. There'll be a rapture. Amen. We got to stand upon his promise. Hallelujah. Amen. He said they all run. He said they're running around her laughing, make fun of her, holding hands. He said, he said, they said, "Oh, she he's late. He's late. He's late." He said, she said, "I'm still waiting for him." That's right. When it seems like he's late, he's right on time. Amen. Amen. Four days late. He's still right on time. Lazarus. Glory. Amen. He said, "Pretty soon," he said, "the laughs of the sisters were overtaken by the wheels of the carriage and the horses and the ne and they saw dust flying up and here comes the rancher son." Brother Rab said he jumped out of the carriage, picked her up, and jumped back in and said, "Honey, I'm taking you home to Chicago." Amen. Church, that's what Christ does. He comes in a moment. We we will we'll will know when he's coming by the Holy Spirit. Not the day or the hour, but we'll know the coming is soon by God's grace. And if the type is right, we'll see our loved ones. That's right. If that type is correct. If that type work for the first coming, then perhaps it'll work for the second coming. I said perhaps thus sayith the Lord, but that's what brother taught. Praise God. Ain't that a beautiful story? Amen. The sudden secret going away of the church. That's right. Praise God. She saved up, was already he kept his word. He kept his promise. Amen. Now, let's get into the word of God. Have your Bibles handy if you could here. I didn't plan to do that. I just kind of came to me. I just didn't want to stop from telling that story. I just love that story because it's just like me. Praise God. All right. Reason number one. But I got seven reasons, seven Bible proofs on uh on why the rapture is pre-tribulation. Now, what I did is I like I told you, I just typed in pre-tribulation last week. I started watching videos. I found one I really liked and it was called seven reasons the rapture is pre-tribulation. So, I did I listened to that one and this guy was extremely scriptural. I thought, mercy, are you listening to brother Brandham or what? But I don't know for sure. But what I did is I took his thoughts and I sifted through because not all of them I agreed with. For example, he said, he said, "Every Christian has the Holy Spirit and will go in the rapture." He said, "There's not two kinds of Christians. There's only one kind." I said, "Nah, that's not right. There's two kinds of Christians." Praise God. There's a Christian that was the that that was cut out of that pattern of material fabric, right? That that's the elect lady, but the leftover remnant, that's still Christian. That's still virgin. Is that right? But that ain't the right pattern. That's not part of the pattern of the bride. Amen. But there are two kinds of Christians. Praise God. It's exactly right. There's one that has oil. There's one that's wise and one that's foolish. Now, the first reason is the tribulation concerns trouble for Israel, not the bride. Okay? How many believe that? Amen. Now, this next slide has scripture. So, what I'm doing is I'm giving reasons, scripture, quotes. That's how I'm going to teach this. I might not finish this tonight. In fact, I doubt I will, but uh maybe we'll finish it Sunday night. Unless the Kadimas want to give their testimony or the ravers. I'm sorry I forgot to ask you again. I asked you one time, but I haven't followed up with that. But if they want to give their testimonies on Sunday night, we'd love to hear that, too. But praise God. Amen. Sorry, brother. I I just forgot. Forgive me. Okay. Now, okay, let me give me a moment. Well, that's okay. For some reason, I didn't I didn't shrink it, but that just says scriptures. So, these are all the scriptures that prove uh the tribulation is for Israel. So, let's read a couple of these. There's just so many good ones. And I got Okay, I got Revelation 12. Okay, got that. All right, Daniel 12:1 is the most obvious. Let's read there. And then Jeremiah 30:7 is a good one, too. Uh spelling it out. So, let's read this. Daniel 12:1. How many believe Daniel is a critical book for understanding the end time? Amen. Absolutely. Praise God. We went through Daniel 70 weeks a few well last year and I had just such good testimonies come out of that. People were so feel like they understood it. So I thank God for that by the grace of the Lord. Okay. Daniel 12:1. Now just verse one because in verse two it breaks ahead already to the white throne judgment. So verse one is the tribulation. Verse two is the white throne judgment because it says some are separated from uh the left hand and right hand. So see you really need the Holy Spirit to rightly divide the word. That's where denominations fail. They get really critical about preachers like me and other preachers that will take one scripture here, one scripture there, and place it together to make a doctrine. They say, "You got to do expository preaching and you got to take uh you you're taking the scripture out of context." I said, "Nonsense." See, they they feel like if you don't take the whole paragraph, you're not going to get it. Well, that's not how God is. When Jesus came, he took one scripture out of Micah. He took one scripture out of Malachi. He took one out of Genesis. Glory. And he start because he hides himself from the wise and prudent. Praise God. He took a few out of Isaiah 9, Isaiah 7, Isaiah 10, Isaiah, he takes all Isaiah 53. He takes all these other. And it takes the Holy Spirit to teach the word. Amen. Not a man's theology, but it takes the baptism of the Holy Ghost to teach it. Right. Right. Amen. Daniel 12:1. And at that time shall Michael stand up, that great prince which standeth for the children of thy people. So Michael's going to stand up for thy people, Daniel. Right. Okay. And there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time. And at that time thy people shall be delivered. everyone that shall be found written in thy book. Now, if you know later what brother uh the Bible's talking about here, they're delivered, which means they're baptized with the Holy Ghost. Because if you know the mystery of the fifth seal, those martyrs, those Jews cry out and say, "How long until you avenge our blood?" And the the voice says, which must been the voice of the Lord, I imagine. And the voice of the Lord said, "Uh, here are some white robes will be given to you later." He said, "But uh Terry here until thy fellow servants are martyed like you were martyed." Right? And brother man uses the fifth seal to show how the 144,000 will be filled with the Holy Ghost, but will still have to be martyed for the gospel. So this is a Holy Ghost salvation, a Holy Ghost deliverance, which is the greatest deliverance you could ever have. Hallelujah. That's right. Now verse two, as I said, is the white throne. And many of them shall sleep in the dust of the earth, shall wake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. That has to be the second resurrection, church. There's two resurrections. The first resurrection is the rapture. The second resurrection we know is the white throne judgment. How many with me? That's right. If you know your church age book, then you'll understand this pretty good because a lot of this, you know, that's kind of like my beginner's textbook. I think I like to I like to point people's like, "Amen." And whoa. You know, when they first came in, I'd say you need to read the church age book. That's that's where I start. That's a good place to because it's just teaching right down through right it just teach you teach you teach you teach you brother said that's prerequisite to understanding other things right praise God you have to understand the church ages and all those doctrines he said that makes way for the seals the trumpets all those things like that amen now so it's a time of trouble for thy people for the Jews praise God uh which has never been on the earth or will ever be after my what a time Jeremiah 30:7, please. Jeremiah 30:7. Just really excited to preach this. I never took this text before as far as can I prove it by the scripture that the rapture is pre-tribulation. I always believed it and like we said on Sunday night, we just wonder how will there be a little bit of persecution to go through or not. And uh there may be, but for sure uh the bride, as we saw in 1 Thessalonians 5, is not ordained to wrath. She's ordained to salvation. Amen. Hallelujah. She's not ordained to divine wrath. Now, she also gets chastisement, but chastisement is different than wrath. Praise God. Amen. Like you chasen your children. You don't have wrath against your children to destroy them. Well, we at least we shouldn't in the message, right? us Christians now, uh, chastisements for all children. All of God's children will be chasened, but all God's children will not endure wrath. What do they got to do wrath for? There's no there's no condemnation them there in Christ Jesus, right? Verse seven, alas, for that day is great, so that none is like it. It is even the time of Jacob's trouble, but he shall be saved out of it. Yes. Now, I believe that again is being saved with the Holy Ghost because remember all those that don't get uh uh the Holy Ghost worship the beasts and die and their names are not on the book of life. That's right. That's the scripture. I can prove that to you. I got I got notes on that, but I can't get to it right now. I can't prove it to you right now, but I I believe the Bible could prove it to you later if we study it out. Okay, let's go to Matthew 8:9-12. Matthew 8 9-12. And brother Jean, can you just jump ahead and get Revelation 7 1-4? Can you get that by God's grace? Matthew 8. We might as well take our time. I just don't like that feeling of trying to rush through a sermon and then when I just relax and I go an hour and a half or hour 45 minutes and you're all so patient with me. So that's right. I want to find the in between. All right. I don't want to rush, but I I just want to be able to say, "Okay, I don't have to finish this thought. I can kind of continue on this next time. Oh my. I've done it good with David with that. I've gone what 19 messages. We've done good on that. But some of these I just feel like I just want to get it all in one punch and I just can't do it. Matthew 8 9 through12. I'll read that and then brother Sean you'll get Revelation 7. Matthew 8 9 through12. Okay. For I am a man under authority having soldiers unto me. Is that the right one? Okay. Yeah. Right. I got to keep going. Thank you. And I say to this man, "Go." And he goes to another come and he cometh unto my servant do this and he doeth it. But when Jesus heard he marveled and said unto them that found ver I said to you I have not found so great faith no not in Israel. So he comes to a Roman centurion and a gentile. He said what amazing faith that is. I don't even find that faith amongst my own sheep. And I say unto you that many shall come from the east and the west and shall sit down with Abraham and Isaac and Jacob in the kingdom of heaven. But the children of the kingdom. So he's talking about Jew or Gentiles. So many like the Romans and will come and sit down with Abraham and his children. But in verse 11, many come from the east. I'm sorry, verse 12. But the children of the kingdom shall be cast out into outer darkness. There should be weeping and nashing of teeth. Amen. I got all kinds of scriptures coming up. Weeping and nashing of teeth is always judgment and divine wrath. That's right. All through the New Testament, right? You'll never find one scripture where I can find a Christian with weeping and nashing of teeth. Unless to be foolish virgin now, but I haven't found one yet. I don't think I don't think you can produce one as far as what I can see by searching. But I'm always going to leave it open. Perhaps you could. Perhaps you could. Okay. So, brother John, can you read Revelation 7 1-4, brother? And after these things, I saw four angels standing on the four corners of the earth, molding the four winds of the earth, that the wind should not blow on the earth, nor on the sea, nor any tree. And I saw another angel ascending from east, having the seal of the living God. And he cried with a loud voice for the four angels, to the four angels, to whom it was given to hurt the earth and the sea, saying, "Hurt not the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads." And I heard the number of them which were sealed. And they were sealed and 144,000 of all the tribes of the children of Israel. And the church said, "Amen." Amen. Isn't that beautiful? There. Here comes these angels ready to destroy the earth and the sea and the land. And the voice says, "You hold it. We first got to get these men sealed and these women, right? We got to get them sealed with the Holy Ghost. Then we'll let loose all these things which we know later on are trumpets." How many know that by God's grace? Because in Revelation 8:7 the Bible said the first angel sounded and there followed hail and fire and mingled with blood and they were cast upon the earth and the third part of the trees were burned up and all the grass was burned up. So see trees are burned up by the first trumpet. So see the trumpets cannot be poured out or cannot be sounded until the 14,000 are sealed. And the 144,000 can't be sealed until the servants of God have preached three and a half years. Amen. And then that nation, the 144,000 will be born in one day. Amen. Glory. That's right. See, there's got to be three and a half years where these brother said the two prophets break open the sixth seal and uh uh that's the judgment seal and they break open all these things happen. Now, see the earthland sea are not completely destroyed, but they are doing miracles like blood to water. I'm sorry, water to blood. Sorry. And also uh like causing it not to rain for three and a half years. But as far as destruction of trees and land and sea, it's not going to happen until the 144,000 are sealed just like you were sealed. Amen. You love the Lord. See, the trumpets hurt the earth. That's what they're there for. That they blow the trumpets, angels blow the trumpets, and it's a sounding of war. The trumpets are for wars. Yeah. And so, see, the trumpets cannot be blown until the 144,000 are sealed. And the 144,000 can't be sealed until they see Jesus. And they can't see Jesus until the two prophets have introduced them to Jesus. Hallelujah. The scripture interprets itself, church. I'm not interpreting that. That's what the Bible says. Praise God. Now, Revelation 11 1 through 1 through 14. Oh, I can't read all that. All right, let's go to Revelation 11. That's a lot to read. Uh I'll hit the highlights because most of you know this. Okay. Now in verse one and one to let's do one to 12. That's where the two prophets have their three and a half years of ministry. 42 months right now after they die. They're laid there what? Three days I believe. Three three days and a half. It's like Jesus. Okay. And well not half but three. Oh they have three and a half. Oh my. I have to look that up. three and a half and then after that they're raptured. I believe that's the last rapture if I'm not mistaken the se the sixth rapture of the six raptures and then after that then the Bible said verse 13 and the same hour there's a great earthquake. So once those two prophets are raptured there's a great earthquake and the 10th part of the city fell and the earthquake were slain of men 7,000 and the remnant were frightened and gave glory to the God of heaven. So see those 144,000 are still there. They're the remnant. Amen. Amen. To see those 144,000 see the rapture and they see the earthquake and they say, "My, here, God is coming. Oh my, it's almost time to get the Holy Ghost. It's Messiah time." Amen. Glory. That's right. Now look at verse 14. Now it says, "The second woe is passed and behold the third woe cometh quickly." So the second wo wo must be this great earthquake in Jerusalem. That's what it must be because the Bible says right after this great earthquake, then the second wave is already passed. The third wo is to come. Praise God. Now, I don't have a great timeline on that, but you got to place the scripture together. It's got to make sense. And the Holy Ghost can't contradict itself. Praise God. So, the second woe is that great earthquake in Jerusalem. Now, Revelation 12:1. Now, I got quotes to back uh what I'm saying up here. Revelation 12:1. And if I don't ask him about it, and I'll tell you if I don't have one, by God's grace. Revelation 12:1. And there appeared a great wonder in heaven, and a woman clothed with the sun and the moon under her feet, and upon her head a crown of 12 stars, and she being with child cry, travailing in birth, and pain to be delivered. Out of this woman comes forth a child that rules the nations with a rod of iron. But this woman is not Mary. Brother says it over nine times. I looked it up. It's not Mary. He said it's the Jewish people. Praise God. Because then you have Mary running away and coming back and all this nonsense like that. That woman represents the Jewish people because Christ came out of the Jewish people. Are you with me, church? Ain't Mary said nine times. That's not Mary. That's the Jewish people. He was born a Jew, right? Out of the Jewish people. Okay. Now, let's read that. Genesis 37:9 and 10. Let's read that. That shows how this woman uh with the clothe of the sun and moon under her feet and upon her head a crown of 12 stars. That shows how that uh woman is Israel. Okay. Genesis 37:9 and 10. Oh, the word is rich. Praise God. Amen. Revelation 37:9 and 10. Oh my. And he dreamed yet another dream and told to his brother and said, "Behold, I have dreamed a dream more. And behold, the son of the moon and the 11 stars made obesence to me." And he told to his father and to his brethren, and his father rebuked him, and said unto them, "What is this dream that thou has dreamed? Shall I, thy mother, thy brethren, indeed come to bow down ourselves to thee, to the earth?" So see, there's 11 stars. That would mean Joseph would be the 12, right? So those 12 stars are the 12 sons of Jacob, the 12 sons of Israel. Praise God. And that woman has a crown of 12 stars, which are the 12 tribes of Israel. Right? That is Israel. How many ready for some quotes now? But Jesse, are you making that up? I'm trying not to, church. I'm trying not to make anything up. Mercy, Lord. I don't want to make anything up. I want his thoughts, not my thoughts. Quotes. No good teacher believes the church. The church goes for the tribulation, but not the bride. The church goes through the purification. Sure, under the sixth seal, right? Israel does the same thing for the 144,000, but not the bride. Amen. The bride's forgiven. She goes straight to glory in the rapture. That's right. She, in my opinion, the last member we call up one of these days. It might come, you wouldn't know nothing about it. Remember, it's a secret. Secret catching away. He'll come in an hour and you think it not. You won't know nothing about it. She'll be gone. Too late. Then you notice another purging time. That's for Israel when she gathers. That's the second fold. God purges Israel in the tribulation period. Out of the millions that'll gather there, they'll be selected 144,000 and they will be purged also. God's purging Israel. Praise God. Amen. Even the 144,000 need purged, right? But then they're going to get the Holy Ghost. Oh my. They need those two prophets to make that that message live before them. Are you with me, church? The same master program that we believe is going to be preached to them and it's going to be proven by signs, miracles, and wonders by the spirit of Elijah and the spirit of Moses. Amen. Amen. The lawgiver and then the prophet to the nations. Right? Hallelujah. Church age book chapter 7. Now this Daniel 12:1, which refers to these 144,000 being sealed during the sixth seal. See that was remember the salvation in Daniel 12:1. The salvation is the sealing during the sixth seal. And the time of the great tribulation or Jacob's trouble. So the tribulation is called Jacob's trouble. And then he quotes Revelation 12:1. We just read that. Okay. So I'm not making that up, church. That's what brother said. That's what he taught. Uh what's attraction on the mountain? God, you promise it'd be the same thing in this day. I pray you'll confirm this word. will deal around this one promise there. It'll be like it was in Sodom just before Sodom was burnt and destruction or judgment struck Sodom the Gentile world. So judgment is fixing to strike the Gentile world and the Jews got three and a half more years through the tribulation or the period of tribulation. Jacob's trouble the continuing of the 70 weeks of Daniel. How many remember that when we preach that? Praise God. There the 70th week is halfway done. Praise God. 69 weeks are finished. When Jesus ministry started with the Holy Ghost, that started the first three and a half years. Amen. Of the 70th week. That's right. But we got half a week left. Yes. In other words, we got three and a half years left of ministry. Praise God. For time for God to deal with the Jews. They got three and a half years left until the consummation, the finishing of all things. And that breaks into the millennium after that 70 weeks. That's right. But the Gentiles are numbered. It's time to go and you give that sign you said it would be again. Granted, Lord, we're in your hands. So, he's talking about his sign of his discernment gift, the son of man ministry. We'll get to that. 1964 questions and answers part one. Even his wife was in the pal. Speaking of Joseph, the tithe of the bride will be in the palace in glory at that time. Then Jesus makes himself known to the Jews after the wedding ceremony. The three and a half years and Jacob's trouble. that three and a half years the end of the 70th week of Daniel glory the Messiah is be cut off in the midst and he prophesied three and a half years it was cut off so he's interpreting Daniel 9:24 to the end for us all right there's and then there's three and a half years left for the prophets Moses and Elijah and then at the end of their 70 days he means weeks as yet determined upon the people as Daniel said at the end of the 70 weeks of course Jesus is to make himself known to to them. Ain't that beautiful? The Jews get the same thing we get. Prophet with the anointing and then the sealing of the Holy Ghost and Christ himself. That's what we got. Amen. A prophet first with the power of the manifestation and then we see Jesus himself. Amen. Glory. Amen. But we get it first because they turned it down in the book of Acts. Remember they turned it down. They blasphemed what Paul and Barnabas were preaching. Remember that? And or Paul said, "Fine, you judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life. Lo, we turn to the Gentiles." Amen. Remember the blood curse they put on themselves. Remember that blood curse on the day of Calvary? They said, "Who this?" We pilot said, "I wash this blood free from my hands." They said, "Let his blood be upon us and our children." And it has been ever since. That's right. And there's still got to be these 144,000 die for the faith as well. And then that'll be the finishing. My goodness. Feast of the trumpets. Remember me preaching on the time when Jacob had sent the children of Israel down there to get the stuff and the food and stuff and how Joseph acted like he didn't know them and how all these things went on. Then he made himself known. You remember? And they were so scared they went to weeping. Was the same as Jacob's trouble. Praise God. So remember, Joseph made himself known to his brethren. That's a type of Jesus coming down. Brother Bam said he picks it up out of Zechariah. Remember Zechariah, he's going to show them the wounds that I got in the house of my friends. And the Bible said they'll be weeping uh back and forth from house to house, separating from house to house and said, "How could we do this?" And Jesus will forgive him. So at first he has to reveal himself as Messiah. They'll mourn, but after mourning will come rejoicing will become the birth of the nation in one day, in one hour. The Bible says a nation born in one day. How many know that scripture? I forget where it's at, but I think it's in Zechariah, but I can look it up and we can find it real easily. Okay, so that was a type just as the brothers were scared. Oh my, what's what's I know was Joseph. What's that ruler going to do to us? That time they were shaken and scared is a type of the tribulation right before Jesus reveals himself. That's right. Their brother reveals himself to them. Question answers part four, 1964. Look, I love this. One time a one time a man challenged me and said he said Revelation 12 is the bride and all these things like that. I said sir I said brother Brandham said it plainly Revelation 12 is not to the bride. Revelation 12 is to the Jews. The Jew that the bride is not in Revelation 12. And the church said but says it plainly. Revelation 12 does not pertain to the bride. It's pretty straightforward to me. I don't know. There's no sign of any bride type in there. 12 stars. It's a sun and moon like Joseph's mom and dad. I mean, there is no bride types in there at all. Revelation 12, I haven't looked at it, but I know it is the woman standing in the sun with the moon under her feet. The moon representing the law. Ain't that beautiful? My the woman represented Israel, the church. See, Jesus born out of Israel. He came out of Jewish bloodline, but he didn't have Jewish blood. But he had to have the come from the seed of David, right? To fulfill the prophecies and the 12 stars in her forehead was those 12 apostles, the 12 church ages and so forth would just pass. I don't know if he meant 12 sons of Jacob. See, and the sun was at his her head, which you see, the moon is a shadow of the sun, and the law was a shadow of good things to come, and that woman is Israel, not the bride. All right. So if there's any questions on reason number one, somebody let me know because I believe we can prove pretty thoroughly through the scripture that time is only for thy people, the Jews. Reason number two, there's no mention of the bride or church in the tribulation text in Revelation or I could have put Daniel on there, too. You're never going to find one scripture that mentions the church going through the tribulation, right? Praise God. All right. Now, we don't read need to read Daniel 12:1 because I already read it to you. Uh, and then we already saw on a slide, but remember, it's thy people. So, the tribulation is for thy people. Now, let's read this. I'll read that. Revelation 6:9 because that's a big lengthy text. This is the fifth and sixth seal. And if you know your uh seven seal sermons, but the Ram said the there's no horse riders after the fourth seal because the rapture's over. The rapture done took place and there's no more church, right? So the horse riders stopped riding, right? His last ride is death, right? Which will be the tribulation, of course. But after that, there's no more church. There's no more anointings because those four uh creatures are the four anointings that go on the bride. That's exactly right. How many got the flying eagle anointing? Amen. Now, I hope you don't have the scared eagle anointing. We should have the flying anointing of the eagle. We're flying in heavenly places. We're like brother said, we're flying above all the nonsense of theology, all the earthly teachings and earthly traditions of man. We're flying way above that. Amen. Up in heavenly places, a fearful thing in Christ Jesus. Amen. That's right. So there's no creatures in the fifth seal. There's no horse rider because the church is out of here. That's right. And brother said the Holy Spirit told him that. He said that was a revelation. If you listen, listen to the fifth seal again. Brother said, "I got that revelation from the Holy Ghost." Praise God. And then he finishes the seven seals by saying the seals plus the church ages plus the history are thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. Amen. Glory. One, a few weeks, a few months later, he picks it up and he said, "If my great grandchildren live to see the uh live to see time and all these things, he said, "Those seals will still be the eternal truth of God." Amen. Because it didn't come from him. It came from the Holy Ghost. Amen. Glory to God. Brother said in questions answer 63, he said, "These are the greatest meetings I've ever had because this is not in the line of divine healing. This is in the line of revelation. Amen. Greater than Bombay, India. Greater than South South Africa where they had 12 truckloads of stretchers and crutches. Greater than that, brother had said the greatest meetings I've ever had. Amen. Church, because he met the Holy Ghost every morning before the service to get the revelation. He said I'd see the vision. I spend the rest of the day running through the concordance and Bible to make sure everything lined up with the word of God. I got the quotes. I'm ready to preach it whenever I feel led of the Lord. I kind of feel led tonight. I feel like I feel so many leadings. But let's stay with this here. But I'll preach that. And I believe it's okay to preach on the seven seals. Yes. Brother Ram said, "Don't add any interpretation." You're right. But you shouldn't add any interpretation to any sermon. Brother man preached. That's right. Praise God. I had quote after quote after quote brother said from the seals. He said go and study it. He said go and get the deeper things. I can only the highlights. Right. He said go study it deeper so you can understand these seven seals. That's right. Praise God. Hallelujah. So we're not ashamed to preach the word of God here. Amen. We need the Holy Ghost to rightly divide every topic we preach on. That's right, brother John. Even if it's water baptism, brother Jose, even I got to take a tax on Acts 2:38, I still need the Holy Ghost understanding and interpretation, not to add to that word. Are you with me? Yeah. I don't care what the topic is. We're never too grown up or too mature or too smart or something like that. If the Holy Ghost wants to teach and reveal to the people that we want to be vessels he can use, we need God's help every hour. I don't need him less. I need him more. Praise God. Amen. Revelation 6:9. Boy, I sure took a while on that. Mercy. I guess I'm just stirred up. Praise the Lord. Verse nine is the fifth seal. And when he opened the fifth seal, I saw under the altar the souls that were slain for the word of God. And not the testimony of Jesus, the word of God. This is Jews. Yeah. And for the testimony which they held, Jewish testimony. And they cry with a loud voice, saying, "How long, oh Lord, holy and true, dust thou not judge and avenge our blood on all them that dwell upon the earth." So there's still people on the earth. This is right after the rapture. Brother Brandham said, praise God, and they're crying out for vengeance, which proves they're not bride material. Brother Brandham said, anybody that says, "Lord, give me vengeance upon my enemy or upon that church member or upon that person, that's not the spirit of Christ." Are you with me, church? That is not that's a Jewish that's an unconverted spirit, not a Jewish spirit. Cuz we're the real true Jews, right? Which are circumcised of the heart and the spirit. Praise God. Amen. I imagine the Jews could say something about us Gentiles, too. But I don't mean anything derogatory. I just We're not natural Jewish spirit, right? We don't want to be natural gentile. We want to be Holy Spirit. I think you understand what I'm saying. If not, pardon me because ask me later. Verse 11. and white robes were given on every one of them. And it was said to them that they should yet rest for a little season until little season. So three and a half years is a little season until their fellow servants, so fellow Jews also should I'm sorry, also their brethren that should be killed as they were should be fulfilled. If you listen to the fifth seal, you'll love it. Again, brother talks about going beyond the curtain of time. Beautiful. Makes you cry. We also talk about how all the 144,000 got to be slain and they got to give their blood. They got to give their lives for Jesus Christ because the Bible said all the rest of the fellow servants have to shed their blood too. See, they're saved by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Praise God. Amen. Now, the sixth seal, verse 12, and I beheld, and lo, he'd open the sixth seal, and lo, there's a great earthquake. That must be that earthquake we read about. Praise God. In Revelation 11, a great earthquake. Might be. I don't know. It might be all right. Great earthquake and the sun became black as sackcloth of hair and the moon became his blood. See all those blood moon people remember they were talking about all that. Now I was all nervous about that. But really the next blood moon we see in the scripture is in the sixth seal in the tribulation. Right? So I can see why people get upset. Oh my tribulation tribulation. But we have the confidence we'll not be here. We won't see that. I ain't going to see no blood moon like that. And I'm not going to see this one. I might have seen some other ones back in September. But I going to see this one. Praise God. Right. Verse 13. And the stars of heaven fell upon the earth, even as a fig tree cast through untimely figs. Fig tree. Remember Hosea? Hosea says Israel is the fig tree. Remember that? Yeah. We taught that not long ago. So who is it like in the sixth seal unto the fig tree? Israel. Oh my. God's God's interpretations never fail. That's right. They never fail. when she's shaken of a mighty wind. And the heaven disparted depart as a scroll when it's rolled together. And every mountain and island were moved out of their places. And the kings of the earth, and the great men, the rich men, the chief captains, and the mighty men, and every bomb man, every free man hid themselves in dens and the rocks of the mountains, and said the mountains and the rocks, follow us. Hide us from the face and the sins on the throne. And from the what? Say that loud. From the wrath of the lamb. That's right. Yeah. How is the bride going to get the wrath of the lamb when she already accepted the grace of the lamb? Right. Amen. How is that possible to get the grace of the lamb but then have to suffer the wrath of the lamb? Impossible. This is for those that hated the lamb, that denied his word. Amen. This ain't for the believer. This is for the Christ rejector, the Holy Ghost rejector. Amen. For the great day of his wrath has come. And who shall be able to stand? So what's the day of his wrath? The tribulation. Praise God. Now that's shows the uh that shows the second reason. I already forgot my second reason. Let me go back. Pardon me. Uh oh yeah. Yeah. The church and bride is not me mentioned in the tri- tribulation text. Pardon me. So that was a text for the tribulation. Uh the fifth and sixth seal. Here's the quotes. Feast of the trumpets. The first three chapters of the book of Revelation reveals all the happenings of the church. Then from the third chapter until the 19th chapter of the Revelation, there's no more seing the church. How many knew this quote? You heard it before. The church goes up at the fourth chapter of Revelation and returns back at the 19th chapter of Revelation. The bride and the groom together coming to the earth. Remember, there's three comingings of Christ, right? For the bride. To redeem her at the cross, to rapture her at the rapture, and to reign with her. Amen. At Armageddon. Hallelujah. Come back to rain. Hallelujah. We come back on white horses. Amen. Amen. Shortly after that, step into the ashes of the wicked in the millennium. Glory. And then from the 19th chapter to the conclusive of the 22nd, it's all in the millennium and what will be in the years that's a pilot. During the 4 to9, God is dealing with who? Israel. Yes. Now, I just tried to write out the chapters, so bear with me on these. Chapters 1 through three of the church ages, or I call them bride ages. Right. Now, chapters four and five, John saw the lamb take the book, right? Okay. Now, just so you know, there are bride members in here because John sees 24 elders, right? 12 of those are the 12 sons of Israel and 12 of those are the 12 apostles, right? Amen. So, there's bride members in chapter four and five. And the church said, it's so beautiful because John breaks into a vision and church, John saw himself. God was there in the vision and he sees 24 elders and he's one of those elders. No wonder he can shout and scream. Amen. He sees himself at the throne of God. He sees the lamb going forth and he sees himself falling down throwing crows. My what a revelation that would have been. Oh my. Hallelujah. Chapter six. Now you have the first six seals in chapter six. Now the first four seals are the anointings of the bride until the fifth seal. Yeah. So technically churches technically technically part of the sixth chapter deals with the church and the bride. Right. The first four seals deal with the bride. That's right. But I know she goes up at chapter 4 verse one. I know that church John's the type of the bride. We know that. Yes. But I'm just saying technically speaking now because the seals are open. We know the first four seals deal with the bride. So not all of chapter six is just for Israel. Part of chapter 6 is for Israel. Does everybody understand that? Yeah. See, brother man makes the blanket statement. Oh, just from one to chapters 1 to three and then 19 on. But you see now that the seals are open, right? We can see, oh, the bride is in there a little bit, right? Brother Jesse did need that flying eagle anointing. Right. Right. That's right. The aan bride of Christ fellowship did need that flying eagle anointing to fly above the chicken yard of denominations. Hallelujah, church. Oh, now get the tribulation text. Now, the tribulation actually starts right here in the fifth seal, right? That's because remember they're crying out for vengeance and the voice says, "Yes, they're going to die, but the judgment will be poured out upon the evil ones." Right? Now, the actual tribulation, as far as more detail, chapter seven is 145,000 are sealed. Remember, before the angels blow forth those seven trumpets of destruction, uh, chapter eight is the seventh seal and the first four trumpets and the mention of the three woes in chapter eight. Remember, the first two go off beforehand because it says the third one's yet to come. Chapter nine, the fifth and sixth trumpets and one woes pass. That must be the third one. Yeah, that must be the third one. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Huh. All right. I just saw that one because the second one's already done. Oh, I'm sorry. The second one's done in chapter 11. That's right. Sorry. The second that's the first row. Sorry. This uh second one's in chapter 11. Now, in chapter 10 kind of breaks the continuity of this thought. Chapter 10 is the open brook brought down to earth to finish the mysteries. Hallelujah. So see brother John and and different brothers Enoch when you study the word and studies quotes you can't make a blanket statement that there's no bride from chapter 4 to 19 because chapter 10 is all about the bride. That's right. That's right. Amen. Because the mysteries must be finished and John must prophesy again to every nation in tongue and finish the great commission. Then the rapture can take place. Glory. So see we got to be careful with blanket statements. I just got joy in my heart, church. I never seen it so clear before. Glory. Glory. Now, chapter 11, the two prophets for Israel in tribulation and the seven trumpet and second woes passed. Yes. Chapter 12, Israel the woman and the third and the third woe question mark. It seemed like there's a third woe at the end. Chapter 13, the beast and the mark of the beast. Brother Brandon, remember I read you that on Sunday night? Brother Brandham said according to Revelation 13:16. Remember what Sunday night? Those of you who were here, Brother Bam said the spirit told him, "Pick up your pen and write." And the spirit said the bride will be forced to stop preaching according to Revelation 13:16. How many remember that? And that's where it seems like it's a thus sayith the Lord, but he didn't say thus say the Lord at the end of it. So I'm just not sure. Okay? You might be sure. Bless your heart if you are. But I if I don't hear thou say the Lord church, I have a hard time saying thus sayith the Lord. And I just call that respect for the Bible. Are you with me? Remember, you can believe all you want. Brother and brother D believe they're going to live to see the rapture before dying. Well, that was hope, right? They were just hoping to do that, right? But when you got a revelation, brother said the church is built on revelation because revelation is thus saith the Lord. So be careful what you call revelation. what what we call faith and hope. Chapter 14, the lamb is with 144,000, an angel with everlasting gospel, and then they thrust in the final sickle, the final harvest. So, I'm not sure that's Revelation 14's always been the most uh mysterious chapter to me in all of Revelation. I don't know about you, but it has for me. So, I'm just making myself vulnerable there. I'm I'm vulnerable on that one. So the bride might be in there too because it talks about everlasting gospel. Might be or might be just the gospel that we have going to the Jews. I'm not sure, brother Jean. But Adam, I don't know for sure, buddy. I'm trusting the Holy Spirit to make it known to us. Okay. Chapter 15, the seven last plagues and seven vows. 16 pouring out of the seven vows. 17 the Catholic Church and Mother Harlot. And number 18 says, "Come out of her my people." So you have one verse in there for the bride. Glory and foolish virgin as that for that fact. Right. Because the foolish virgin is God's people. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that. The foolish virgin are God's people. And listen, the foolish virgin are fornown before the foundation of the world. That's right. Remember that scripture we heard hit a few weeks ago. Let's turn there. Uh Matthew 25. Why turn there? Chapter 18 is the calling out of Babylon and its destruction. Go to Matthew 25. I'll prove that to you. The foolish virgin is just as much predestinated and just as much saved before the foundation world as the wise virgin. She just don't have the Holy Ghost. She just doesn't receive eternal life on this side. And the church said, "Oh my glory." All right. Matthew 25. Let's start at verse 31. Oh, I'm sorry. Let's skip ahead uh to 34. 34. 34 is where it is. Now, most of you know this story if you read your Bibles real faithfully or you got a good memory. Okay. Verse 34. Then shall the king say unto them on his right hand, come ye blessed my father, inherit the king, the kingdom prepared for you from the what? found foundation of the world. Praise God. The foolish virgin get separated the right side and said, "Come inherit the kingdom that I prepared for you from the foundation of the world. For I was a hunger and you gave me meat. I was thirsty. You gave me drink. I was a stranger. You took me in. Naked, you clothed me. I was sick." And look at verse 37. Then shall the righteous answer, "Lord, when did we see you hungry and fed your thirst and give you drink?" And you know what Jesus says? when you did it to least of these, my brethren. So, foolish virgin, when you were kind to the bride, you did it to me. Right, church. Hallelujah. That's why I believe people that do me good, I don't know, but I'm trusting God will save them. Amen. People that don't blasphe what I say, people that don't blasphe and make fun of what I preach, I'm trusting God will save them. Amen. Hallelujah. They might not believe. They might not be able to believe all that we believe, but may God grant them salvation because they're good to God's brethren. Amen. See, the foolish virgin are just as much for known as the wise. They just don't get eternal life on this side. They're foolish. Praise God. But their names are on the book of life. Praise God. And they never get rubbed off. They never get blotted out like Judas's, like Balam's. That's right. All right. Don't you love that? By God's grace. How am I doing on time? Okay. All right. Give me a few more minutes, Lord. Will I Now, the bride I put finally is mentioned again. Remember, there's a few times in there she's hiding in there. Chapter 10, she's hiding in there. Glor. Chapter six, the first four seals. She's hiding there. The bride is made ready. And then they she comes with Christ at Armageddon. That's right. In chapter 20, the bride's in the millennium given judgment. She sits on the throne with Christ. Right. And as a part in the white throne judgment, Jesus said, "Don't you know that?" or Paul said, "Don't you know the saints will judge the earth? Don't you know the saints will judge angels? Well, there they judge the earth during the millennial years in Revelation chapter 20. Then you have the white throne judgment. Verse 21, the holy city come down from his description. We preached on future home last month. Remember that? Glorious. Chapter 22. The description of the holy city, the invitation of the spirit and bride. And Jesus words about his coming. Behold, I come quickly. Grace be unto you. I come quickly, Lord Jesus. Amen. Right. Now, does that sound better? Does everyone understand that? Now, brother makes that statement. You don't see the bride anymore through those chapters. That's that's true for the most part. You don't see many descriptions, but we know she's hiding in Revelation 10. Right. And we know she's also in the first four seals of chapter 6. Yes. Now, this quote, I'm going to build something off of this, Lord willing, later on when I preach on uh more of the Revelations. Here's a quote about Revelation 10. And I'm going to add this to some quotes I have on 1963 and Revelation 4 and 5. This might sound way out there, but let me just prepare you. Everybody take a deep breath. Okay, brother put said, "Put on your shock proof jackets. Go and put it on uh zip it up, church, if you I believe Revelation 4 and 5 literally took place in 1963." Now, I could be wrong and you might say you're crazy, but I believe it took place in 1963. Praise God. Amen. Now, I'm I'm going to try to prove that to you later on. And it's not to be smarter, but it's to show at some point that book had to be open. The literal seals had to be ripped off of that scroll. Amen. That's right. Amen. Right. At some point, that has to happen. Yeah. Praise God. Amen. And then, Brother Bam stands there after the second seal and he says, "This is thus sayeth the Lord." And the people just erupt and praise God. Amen. Because a lamb had loosed the seal and it just revealed the revelations and the people shout and rejoice and an angel had just thundered out that and now that ties it with the thunders. The revelation of that seal had just thundered out that morning and then the prophet roars that revelation that evening when a lion roar who who who doth but fear? God reveals his secrets unto his servants and prophets. Amen. Glory. I believe that. And here's why. Here's one reason why. Brother Brandham said, "Revelation 10 1-7 is history." Yes. Well, as far as I understand, that means it happened in the past. That's right. Praise God. Yeah. Amen. Well, if Revelation 10:1-7 history, well, Revelation 10:1 has the open book, well, that book must have been open then. That's right. If in order for it to be revealed and open, it had been opened already. So, when did that opening take place, church? When those seven angels told him to go back to Jer Jeffersonville and open the seven seals. Oh my lord. I hope just just hope you just understand it from the prophet. Okay. What's happened upon Mount Sunset? God confirming his word. Remember when you got the king's sword? That's about sunset. That's what all this noise is about. Noise. Notice it's God fulfilling his promised word again of Revelation 10 1-7. He talks talking about the clouds. The people still in doubt. And as usual, the church is just as puzzled and science and all through Tucson. They're writing pieces and putting the paper way back over there on Mount Lemon. The big cameras didn't see it rising from when we were standing, drifting on towards the west, showing the time is over. It can't go, but a little bit peace there. It's at the west coast. Judgment struck just in the very way it went. Going right up over Phoenix and right on across and to the Prescott and across the mountains, the west coast, right up on into where was they going? Right up into Alaska. And she's thundering heading right that way. And the observatories and all them in Tucson are still asking research of science trying to find out what it is. So high they can't be fog, mist, or nothing up there. What did it? Where's it at? Life magazine, remember 1963? Yeah. They're just as puzzled of that supernatural halo hanging yonder in the sky as they was when the magi come in following a star, saying, "Where is he that's born king of the Jews?" What was it? God fulfilling his word. And there shall rise a star out of Jacob. And the God of heaven promised that evening time we would have evening lights. Three years ago, listen. This mystery of Revelation 10 1-7. Three years ago, this mystery was a prophecy. What time is it, sir? Remember that message from 1962? Amen. Praise God. He talked all about Revelation 10 and all these things and and uh predicted it. But now it's history, right? It's passed, right? So, according to brother Brandham, Revelation 10 1-7 is history. But guess what? We're doing the rest of the chapter right now. Amen. Eating the book. The bride eating the book and prophesying. You're dead. Hallelujah. Amen. It's every nation, kindred, tongue, and peoples. Amen. Glory. 1 through seven is history. Yes. But eight through the rest is going on right now. That's right. It's the finishing of the great commission. The promise is fulfilled. What time is it, sir? What's the attraction? God fulfilling his word. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Praise God. Amen. Can I please go one more? Is that Can I go one more? Okay. Thank you. Thank you. God bless you. Amen. I try not to look at anybody in the eye. I just said, "Can I go one more?" I don't know what response. I don't want to see people's faces sometimes. It's hard sometimes. Last Sunday, last Wednesday night, I went to bed about 11:30 after the service, but I was so stirred up by service. Woo, that was powerful last Wednesday night. You didn't listen to that one, listen to that one. That was a good message. The Holy Spirit speaking to us by God's grace. I got all kinds of testimonies after that. Oh, and this week I got more testimonies of people stopped wearing makeup from those videos we made. Some people text me saying, "I wondered for years." I said, "I just went and bought out all this makeup, put it on. I felt convicted. I felt just this week, I'm looking on online. I come across your video. Thank you for making that video. I'm done wearing makeup. Glory. You never know, church. You just never know." That's right. If it delivers one soul from the tribulation, Amen. not to take that Jezebel spirit. Amen. Yes. And not and men too, not to paint their faces up. That's right. Like a Jezebel. Reason number three, the bride church is promised a pardon from divine wrath. Right. We get chasened but not wrath. Huge difference. Yeah, that's right. Wrath is divine judgment. Chastening is divine mercy to correct us. Yes. Every son and daughter must be chasened or they're bastards or they deserve wrath. Are you with me, church? Here's the scriptures. Let's read it. Let's get your Bibles ready. Uh but uh brother Adam, can you get this one? But Enoch, can you get the next one? How's your eyes doing, brother Kevin? Can you see? Okay, brother. I don't want to put you up pressure on on you or anything like that. Can you get the third one, brother? Okay. Um actually, we kind of read that one. Yeah. Um, yeah, we did read that one. Thank you. Let's just let's just do the first two and then I'll just hit these because we already read both of these. But, um, let's read that one. Okay. First Thessalonians 1:10. Brother Adam, can you read that one, sir? And to wait for his son from heaven, whom he raised from the dead, even Jesus, which delivered us from the wrath to come. Amen. We are delivered by Christ from the wrath to come. Delivered. Finished work. And the church said, "Amen. That's why he died to take our wrath that we deserve. He took our wrath. We cannot experience wrath because Christ paid for it. Amen. Not for the bride. Israel, foolish virgin. Yes. Sinners. Yes. But not the bride. She's washed, justified, sanctified in the blood of Jesus and by the spirit of our God. Brother Enoch wrote Romans 5:9. much more than being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from uh I'm sorry, we shall be saved from wrath through him. Amen. Praise God. How are we saved from wrath? Well, we got to be in Christ. That's right. And you got to be baptized into Christ. When your life is hid in Christ, there's no more wrath for you. That's right. Oh, yes, sir. Amen. That's right. All right. Now, 1 Thessalonians 4. We're not going to read all that because we already did. But notice he preach Paul preaches the rapture to the Thessalonian church to comfort them. Let's read verse 18. Brother Kevin, can you read 18? Are you okay? Okay, sir. Wherefore comfort one another with these words? Glory. The rapture is comforting words. That's right. not troublesome or worrisome words. The rapture is a comforting text. And the church said, "Amen. It's not a fearful text." Praise God. We're already delivered from the wrath that is to come. There's not one scripture where it says the bride must go through tribulation. It's for thy people. It's for foolish virgin. It's for sinners. It's not for the bride. Chapter 5, please. 1 Thessalonians 5. Now, I mentioned some of these a little bit earlier. Remember verse three. For when they shall say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon who? Us. Now, Paul perfectly shows dark people and light people. Amen. I'm not of the night. I'm of the light. Destruction comes upon them, not us, them as travail upon a woman child, and they shall not escape. Not we, they. Are you with me? But ye, brethren, are not in darkness that ye should be overtaken you as a thief. Look, we will not be overtaken as that type of thief, that type of destruction. Praise God. All right. Verse nine. That's what I want to read. Verse nine. For God has not appointed us unto what? Wrath. We're not appointed. That's not our appointment. Thank God for that. I've got appointment on my clock. Sometimes I like the appointment that says, uh, you're appointed to mercy and forgiveness. That's the appointment I got. Thank you, Lord, for putting on that on my calendar. I got a lot of things on this calendar, but the best appointment I got is that there's no wrath for me. When's that coming up? I can't find the day or hour, but I know I got that appointment on here. It's just kind of one of those hanging appointments, right? Just waiting to be fulfilled. Just waiting to find its way in my schedule. And brother Enoch, I know I've got room in my schedule for that. If I will make room, I know he'll make room for me. Amen. He'll clear out my schedule so I can make that appointment. Glory. To attain salvation by our Lord Jesus Christ. So, revelation wra scriptures are the sixth seal speaks about wrath. We're gone at the fourth seal. After the fourth seal, we're gone. But there's wrath in the sixth seal. There's wrath in the two prophets of Israel. They pour out the wrath. There's wrath to Israel. Revelation 12:12. Uh there's wrath to all those who receive the mark of the beast in Revelation 14 810 and 19. There's wrath in the seven last plagues. And there's not one mention of the bride. Ain't that a beautiful thought? When the word wrath is used, it's never connected to the bride except to say we don't have that. Larry, there's wrath in the vials, but we're not here in the vials. We're gone. We're at the wedding supper of the lamb. Someone produced me one scripture that says the bride must suffer through wrath. Now, remember in your Bible, it'll balance us out. There is a the Bible said all those that live godly life in Christ Jesus shall suffer tribulation or persecution. So there's a capital T for great tribulation. Now in our minds and then there's a lowercase tribulation where we all have to suffer some tribulation. That's right. All that live godly in Christ Jesus suffer persecution. There's some level of persecution you must endure if you're a Christian. Yeah. Praise God. But we will not go through the great tribulation. It's for thy people. Let's close with these quotes here. I just got a few. There's only one provided way of God for anything there. Let's stand to our feet. We'll just get done with these. There won't be one building sitting by another one in Chicago one of these days or nowhere else. God is fixing to rain out that sick seal upon the earth. Break that seal and turn loose the wrath of God upon the earth. But before he does that, the church will be gone. The bride will be gone. The church won't. She'll go through the tribulation, but the bride will be gone. His little wife won't go through that. Amen. Brothers, can you imagine letting your beautiful wife, your bride go through the most horrible days that could ever be upon the earth? Yeah. And then saying you love her. No, I couldn't see that. I couldn't see that. No way. If I had anything to do at all in my power, I would keep her from that. Amen. That's right. Because remember, the Bible said we're not being made accepted in the beloved. We already are. accepted in the beloved. You already are the children of God. Amen. You already are accepted in heaven. Chapter one. Now, where will the gentile church be while Jesus making himself known to his brethren? Remember that the bride of Joseph with the two children were in the palace. For Joseph had commanded, "Let everyone leave me. Put them all out from before me." So, the gentile bride was hid in the palace of Joseph. Where will the gentile church go to the rapture? into the palace. The bride will be taken off the earth. She will be caught up before the great tribulation to meet her Lord in the air for three and one half years. While the retributive wrath of God is poured out, she will be in the great marriage supper of the lamb. Then will he return leaving his bride in his father's house while he makes himself known to his brethren. Brother Ram said at some point during the wedding supper, he'll stop and he'll say, "Oh, excuse me. I got to slip down and see my my other children real quick. He said he got to slip down while they're having their wedding supper and he's got to reveal himself to his brethren. Amen. And then he's got to slip back up and say, "Okay, my my bride, let's get on our white horses. It's time for the Armageddon." Right? It's time for the armies of God. Army, rise up. Get your garments. You got your garments on. Get on your horses. It's time to go down to earth. Just follow me. I like that. That's all I'm going to I'm not going to try to make my own way. I'm just gonna follow Jesus. How do you know, Roas? Because I'm following him right now. Praise God. Amen. If I can follow this word now, it proves I'll follow him then. Hallelujah. Amen. At this very time, the Antichrist covenant that the Jews have made with Rome will be broken. Roman or allies then send their troops to destroy all the god-fearing word abiding Jews. Praise God. Sister Priscilla, you want to come to the piano here by God's grace. Amen. So Lord willing Sunday if God carries and if uh I'm here to preach, Lord willing, we'll try to get the rest of that. We did parts or reasons one, two, and three. How many believe the rapture is pre-tribulation? How many believe that? Praise God. By the grace of the Lord, we believe that it's wonderful to prove the scripture. Um, let me just read you the the next reasons here. I won't have time to go through the quotes, but let me just uh hit the just so you have them in your heart. How many believe the first three reasons? How many believe those? Amen. The fourth is Jesus thought the rapture is imminent and unknown as a thief while the 70 weeks are numbered. there. You You can know the day of Jesus returning to the Jews because it's numbered. Yes, that's right. But the rapture is not. So, no man knows the day or the hour. Yeah. Five. The rapture is comfort, not a torment of trouble. I got more scriptures on that. It's all down through the Bible. Brother says it. All these quotes. Look at all those quotes. Six. The rapture is the removal of the grace of God in preparation for the revelation of the Antichrist. And number seven, Jesus's own teaching about his coming kept the same types and shadows of all the righteous escaping wrath. Every time Jesus gives a parable about the rapture or a wedding every time his children escape wrath, I believe we got some pretty good reasons, church, don't you? I believe the rapture is pre-tribulation. Like I said, there's a little bit of question. That's okay. As long as we know Jesus, he'll answer all of our questions. He'll give us the grace we need to make it through by God's grace. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. Just want to give us a time to talk to the Lord. You know, we just want to have some fellowship. You know, prayer is fellowship. So, we just want to have some fellowship. Father, we just want to say thank you for this word tonight. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. To those first three reasons, it's proved thoroughly through the Bible. Lord, thank you. This rapture is for the bride. Thank you, Jesus. The tribulation is for the Jew who's blinded. The foolish virgin who's foolish to the Holy Ghost. The sinner who could care less. But Lord, we care. We're looking for thy coming. As Paul said, the crown's not only for me, but it's for all those that love the rapture. Lord, we love the thought of meeting you in the air and escaping the divine wrath of God. We love that thought. Father, we always love you and praise you for that. Lord, I look at my notes, Lord. And the second reason, Lord, you never put the bride in any tribulation text in the whole Bible. Never. Showing there's no even question about it. And thirdly, dear God, you promise we're pardoned. a wrath from divine judgment. Thank you that the cross was our tribulation period. Amen. Thank you, Lord. You took our wrath on the cross so we don't have to be concerned about that, dear God. So Lord, from our hearts, we just want to say thank you tonight. And Lord, is the one of the reasons we'll get to the fact that your rapture is pre-tribulation gives us a lot of motivation to live holy right now. Oh my. Thank you, Jesus. Every other view, Lord, they can say, "Well, I've got three and a half years to make it right. I've got seven and a half years or seven years to make it right." But Lord, we don't say that. We don't know if we have any time to make it right except the very breath we have right now. Oh God, help us to use this imminent rapture as motivation for thy coming. That we'll watch our conversations on the way home. We'll watch our thought life tomorrow. And Lord, the Holy Spirit will bring to our remembrance, don't think that, Jesse. Don't say that, Jesse. I could come today. That's right. Keep your lamps trimmed. Amen. Keep the carbon off your wick. Let your light burn brighter, Jesse. Don't let the light burn low and get discouraged and speak evil or or get fearful or lustful or greedy. Be ready for the rapture. Lord, help us to have that still small voice. Yes. Always reminding us to make ourselves ready as a servant of you, Lord. says that you'll get we'll get to this parable later. Help me to serve the people the meat in due season and not to get drunk and beat them and mistreat them. Help me to feed them the word and food, the meat word for this hour. And as we eat, Lord, we'll watch and we'll look and say, "Is he coming now? Is our Lord coming back? Is he here yet?" Oh, we can't wait to see him. Oh, we'll see him in the air. We'll see him in a glorified body. Yes. And then we'll see our body be swallowed up, Lord, in the Oh my. And then put on its glorified and will rise to meet them in the air. What a meeting that will be. What a meeting that will be. How we're looking forward to it, dear God. Lord, service might have went a little bit late, God, but I believe it's worth it, Lord God, to every child of God to hear these things, Lord. I believe preached as clear as I could present them by the by the grace of the spirit of God. I'm doing my best, Lord God. Thank you for this word. But Lord, we don't teach it just to say we taught it or to have a head knowledge. We teach it so that we'll feel the urgency of the hour and we'll keep our lamp trimmed and we'll keep our fire burning bright knowing at any time you could come. But thank you Lord that we're saved from the wrath that's to come in the tribulation period. Thank you that you've not ordained us. I don't have an appointment with wrath. I've got appointment with salvation, with deliverance, with a body change. Yes. Thank you, dear God. How many would say, "Brother Jess, I'm raising my hand. Pray for me tonight that I'll be ready." Bless those hands, Lord. You see your children's hands. They defied gravity. And they said, "Lord, remember me, oh God, that'll be played back one day, Lord God, as all of our lives we played for rewards, Lord God. And it'll be witnessed on that day that that brother, that sister wanted prayer and desired to be right and you answered their request, dear God. Well, maybe others in other churches didn't raise their hands or didn't sincerely pray and had to go through the wrath of God. But Lord, thank you for grace tonight. I pray for your children as a priest unto God, a king and a priest as we all are, but as a priest, I pray for them. I pray, Lord, they'd pray for me, Lord God. That our lives would be right. That we live a godly life, Lord God. Be ready for this rapture. Convict us, Lord. Let that still small voice speak to your children tonight, tomorrow. Let it ever be with us, Lord. May it get more clear. May we be able to distinguish the voice more as time goes on. Grant, dear God, as we said, we believe you're coming in this season, Lord God. We know it's soon because we see Sodom rising up even stronger. We see the unity of the false church. Brother Ram said, the false bride of the Catholic Church, we see the churches uniting in politics going corrupt, but Lord, we see a purity happening in the bride, Lord God. Yes. Those without the garments are being told to leave. They're being dismissed. They went out from us because they're not of the bride. But Lord, the bride is staying with the gathering before the [Music] wedding. And Lord, we got our garments pure and white tonight. Thank you for your righteousness. Lord, guide us now as we go. Let us worship and receive our worship in Jesus Christ's name. The church said, "Amen." Let's just worship him a little bit. Why don't you just raise your hands or maybe bow your head and just thank him for your Lord Jesus, your your your love, Lord God. Thank you for your mercy, Jesus. Thank you, Lord, that you won't suffer us to go through wrath. You didn't let Enoch go through wrath. You didn't let Elijah go through wrath. You even saved Lord Noah and Lot, the foolish virgin. How much more will you save us bloodwashed, Holy Ghost fil, dear God, what a privilege. Thank you, God, for your mercy. Thank you for your grace tonight. Thank you, Jesus, for all you've done, Lord God. Keep us humble. keep us little that we can Lord be true lights and reflect your your [Music] light. Thank you for redeeming us. Let's sing a little song. I am redeemed. Bought with a price for Jesus has saved my whole life. Praise God. I am redeemed. I'm bought with a price for Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, just tell them I am redeemed. Sing it again. Praise God. I am redeemed. I'm born with a price for Jesus has changed my whole life. And if anybody asks you just who I am, just tell them I am redeemed. Sing it again. Praise God. I am redeemed. I'm born with a price. Lord Jesus has changed my whole [Applause] life. And if anybody asks you, just who I am, just I am redeemed. Praise God. Amen. Redeemed, bought back. Hallelujah. Brought back to my original position in Christ Jesus. Not to the vessels of dishonor, but the vessels of honor. Praise God. Let's sing a little song. A vessel of honor I am today. All because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. over and over. He molds me and makes me into his likeness. He fashions the clay, a vessel of honor I am today. Oh, because Jesus didn't throw the clay [Music] away. Over and over, he molds me and makes me into his likeness. His passions, the clay, a vessel of honor I am today. Oh, because Jesus didn't throw the clay away. Amen. Aren't you glad, church? Your vessel of honor. Christ is going to honor you because you honored him in life. If you don't deny him on earth, he won't deny you there. Amen. You're not ashamed of him here, he won't be ashamed to call you son or daughter there. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah, [Music] church. I just want to show you this. Oh, it's okay. Okay. Thank you, brother. I just want to show this real quickly here. [Music] This is the quote we got where uh how the revelation of the seals came to brother Brandham. Start here and every quote starts with the first seal. He talks about how the vision was come to him every morning. Every day something strange happened. He would watch it and write down every single day of the seven seal time. I just went as I just listened, I just wrote down every time he said that or copied and paste it and it's beautiful. We can place it together maybe on Sunday or maybe next Wednesday. I don't know. But it's hard not to preach it tonight. You got another hour? I can preach it to you. No, I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm not going to preach it tonight. But to see this is how a prophet of God operated to reveal the word of God. We've got the message of the hour, church. There's no doubt about that. That's right. Now, our prayer is Lord, help us to live it. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank God for his mercy. I want to get to that one here. Oh, I can't find it. I'll have to get it. But okay, I can't find it, but I I must have misplaced it. But there's a quote at the end of the second seal. He sp us back and he said, "Oh," he said, he said, "That's thus sayeth the Lord." Right? Same thing except after marriage and divorce. Thus sayeth the Lord. Now, who have you ever heard say that before, church, no preacher I've ever heard has said that except brother Brandham. And no other man's had a gift like him or vindicated like him that I know of. We're serving the living God and we're believing his prophet, church. We are. We are believing the prophet of this day. Praise the Lord. No doubt about that. We'll get to that by God's grace. Amen. So, Brother John, we can click over there. Let's just have a word of prayer. We'll be dismissed here. If you want to stay and pray, you can. Uh, just watch your email. Once I find out uh when this next appointment of of the seven-year-old girl with cancer, I might send out an email and say, "Can you fast and pray like maybe two meals or something or all day or whatever you can do." I really feel like if we fast and pray, the God of mercy will help this little child. I just believe that if we all just let me say this, I'm hoping that Amen. I'm not a prophet. I don't have to say the Lord, but I'm hoping God will hear the prayers of his children. Praise God. Amen. Let's sing one more song here by God's grace. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Father God. Trying to think of a rapture song there. Nice and slow one here. It won't be long. Let's sing that prayer there. It won't be long till we'll be leaving here. It won't be long till we'll be leaving. 374. It won't be long and we'll be going home. Sing that verse again. Amen. Oh, it won't be long till we'll be leaving here. It won't be long. And we'll be going home. Count the years. So count the years as months as months. Count the months as weeks as weeks. And count the weeks as days. Any day now we'll be going home. Is that beautiful? Oh, it won't be long. Oh, till we'll be leaving here. It won't be long till we'll be going home. Count the years. So, count the years as months. Count the months as weeks. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. Count the weeks as days. Any day now we'll be going home. Count the years. So count the years as months. Count the months as weeks. Count the weeks as days. Any day now we'll be going home. It won't be long. Oh, it won't be long till we'll be leaving [Music] here. It won't be long. We'll be going home. So count the years as months. Count the months as weeks. Count the weeks as days. Any day now we'll be going home. Don't you love that, church? Praise God. Count these years. They're just little months that go by. Any day we'll be going home with our Lord. How many are glad they came to house of the Lord tonight? Oh my, I'm so glad. Sometimes I really battle to get here, church, but once I get here and the Holy Spirit comes and we're real glad we came. John, why don't you come close in a word of prayer, sir? By God's grace, like I said, we look forward to seeing everybody Sunday by God's grace. And uh just look for an email. We'll try to everybody know if we can pray and fast perhaps this week, maybe be next week, but I want to try to get little prayer and fasting done for this little child if we can by God's grace. Kylie, her name's Kylie. [Music] Uh let's pray. Let's bow our head. Heavenly Father, we just want to to thank you and appreciate you for sparing us from the wrath that is coming on earth. Thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for predestining us to life. Yes, Lord. This world is going to receive the judgment, the wrath of God. Yes, Lord God. Who can spare them? So, Father, we pray that all that we love, Yes Lord Jesus. All that love us, Father, Father, bring them to you because there is no more time. Yes, Lord Jesus. It's over. It's over. We We have loved ones. Yes. Don't know you, Father. They They are under the uh big cloud, dark cloud hanging over them. Merciful. They can't see. The God of this world have blinded them. Father, without you, Father, there is no deliverance. Yes, Lord. So hearing those wonderful things that you have ah you have prepared for the bride father we pray that you touch them you touch our loved one father our friends the people that we know that love us that's still in a darkness blinded by the devil in this dark age father let's just pray you touch them in a special way. Yes, Jesus. Thank you for the gospel. Thank you for the word that you brought for us through the pastor tonight. Father, let it give us another revival and revival to revive that what is in us. Hallelujah. Reviving what is in us and throw away all the dirt, all the wrong things in our life. Father, let this word found a room in our heart and and let it to reproduce according to its own kind. It is the kind of God it has to reproduce God in our life. Oh God, forgive us every time, Father, we walk away from this world. Yes, Lord. Oh God, forgive us. Thank you. Tonight we heard we heard a message of grace. Yes. But grace is grace only for those who accept it as grace. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. So, Father, we want the loved one to accept it also. Father, grant to them the same grace. We cast out all our cares. Yes. All our cares upon Lord. If we came here with any burden, Father, we don't want to live with any burden. Yes. We cast out all our cares upon you because you care for us. Amen. Father, you will answer everyone's prayer that you will give us the desire of our heart because you promise when two or three are gathering together in your name in one accord. Whatever they ask you, Father, you will give it to them. Thank you, Lord. You heard all this prayer request tonight, Father. We bring them to the throne of mercy. All these children, innocent father, but your enemy has placed this sickness upon them. As a bride of Christ, we cry out to you. Touch them. Touch them in a special way. Father, give them your healing according to your word. There is no demon that can resist the bride of Christ that was built upon the revelation of Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh God, granted through your grace and mercy, go with us, Father. Keep us, Father. Keep talking to our heart what we heard tonight. Father, open our eyes in to in your revelation, Father. Let us be more sincere and more serious about your word. Grant that Father in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Round of applause. Praise God. God bless your church or dismiss the name of the Lord. Go in fear and admonition of the Lord. Love the Lord with all your hearts and soul. Praise God. Just play what you were playing there. [Music] Gosh, God. [Music] long. [Music] Thank you [Music] for watching. [Music] Jesus. [Music] It's [Music] The children's [Music] children. [Music] Jesus name. Jesus name. [Music] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Good. [Music] Daddy, what do you do?
