################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - The Future Home of The Heavenly Bridegroom and the Earthly Bride -Pastor Johnathan Naidoo - Johnathan Naidoo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   The Future Home of The Heavenly Bridegroom and the Earthly Bride -Pastor Johnathan Naidoo
Speaker: Johnathan Naidoo
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyfaZLCbzyI
========================================

Amen. Let's give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Amen. Glory to his name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated for a few moments. Amen. Welcome you in the house of the Lord. Amen. Greet every one of you in the precious and the holy name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. We made it to the start of another week. The Lord has been good to us. Amen. He's kept us in good health. He's provided for our daily needs. Amen. So, he's a good good father. Amen. And the Bible teaches us that we need to count the goodness of God. Amen. We ought to be able to appreciate him. And you know, as Sunday school says, count your blessings. Name them one by one. Don't group them together because when you start to name them, you'll realize how good God has been to us. Amen. And yes, most of the time we only appreciate our good health when we are sick. And we say, "Lord, all this time you kept me in good health." Amen. And most of the time we appreciate our finances when we in lack. But in the good times, praise his name. In the bad times, do the same. In everything give the King of Kings all the thanks. Amen. So we pray, Amen, that you are blessed and rejoicing in the Lord. We have the most glorious message of the hour to be rejoicing around enough spiritual food in due season to keep us sustained in the time of famine. Amen. So, we're appreciating the Lord for what he's doing for us. Amen. Want to welcome, Amen. our brother Clement, Sister Colleen. Amen. Let's give them a hand. Welcome them. They're no strangers to us. Amen. I'm glad they back in church. Amen. And I pray, Amen, that the Lord will speak to them this morning. And they'll be amen blessed with the service. And little Ezra there with them. Amen. Now five. You got you got dedicated here. Am I right? I remember you dedicating the baby here in this church. Amen. Ezra is now 5 years old. The Lord's been good to him. Was it him that was winning some races recently? Was it him? Hey, he's a good guy. Come win some races for Jesus, boy. Amen. We all running a race. So, we pray the Lord will continue to be with them and bless them. Amen. We also have Amen. You You were already blessed with sister Zoe Kusani. Amen. How many of you are blessed with the singing? Amen. We appreciate the singing. This is the daughter, youngest daughter of brother Andel Kasani. Is it Andel? Right. Kasani. You remember pastor Kasani? Amen. That's his youngest daughter, Zoe. So, formerly from PE, now currently residing here in Cestri Park, but dad. Amen. Pastor Kasani. Uh, Amen. asked her to come and fellowship here for a while. She'll be here for a little while. She's studying. Amen. So, she'll I want you to make her feel comfortable. Amen. Talk to her. Find out about her. Amen. Invite her to your home if you need to. Amen. Be good and kind. Amen. To one another. So I pray, amen, sister Zoe, that you'll feel comfortable. You'll be blessed with the word of the Lord. Amen. So enjoy your time of fellowship while you are here with us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Also glad to have sister Devi back. Amen. She was in hospital for a week. Amen. And uh they managed to find out what was wrong with her and treated her for that. But we know that doctors can find symptoms and have medicines to assist us. But any good doctor will tell you it's only God that does the healing. Amen. Amen. So we want to thank our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for touching our dear sister and for healing her. Amen. Praise the Lord. She was telling me, Amen, she didn't have a need for any operation or anything. So she was really grateful for that. And she was telling me that she will give a testimony next week. So we appreciate her. Amen. We'll give her time to recover fully. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord. Amen. And also remember brother Jared. Amen. The youngest boy. Amen. The mom and dad also have a desire for him to be back in the house of fellowship. Amen. So we just continue to pray for him. How many of you will pray for him? Amen. Hallelujah. You know sometimes we only regard people that are physically we can see with our eyes as part of the body. But what in case a finger is missing? And it's not physically here that we need to pray that the entire body comes together. Amen. Amen. And that's what we are praying. We are starting to see even as we start to pray and ask even the angels of God, amen, to go forth and we are speaking what Jesus said. All that the father has given me will come to me. Amen. And I believe even here in this local ministry, all that the father has given us will come to us. Amen. And we will by by no means cast any one of them out. Amen. Unless we can speak like Jesus. Amen. Speak back the words that he spoke. So we're really thankful. Amen. To have Amen. our brothers and sisters with us here this morning. And also, Amen. We have our special guest, our Pastor Jonathan, Sister Tammy. Let's give them a hand. Amen. Welcome them in the house of the Lord. Amen. No strangers to us. Amen. And been good friends with us for many many years. I remember many years ago I was still pastor Jonathan at that time was in charge of the youth and I was in charge of youth. We used to meet up and sister Tammy made a comment. I don't know if she remember. She says these guys have such a big age difference but I don't know why they are friends. You know maybe she thought I was younger than I look. Hey, I'm 46. I'm not that young. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. So, coming, you know, from the youth ministry into pastoring now, uh, dear Pastor Jonathan has been ordained the pastor since July 2023. Amen. Taking, uh, the ministry forward from Pastor Dan Naidu. If you don't know this, he's pastor Dan Naidu's eldest. He's the elder son. Elder son. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we're looking forward and we, he always invites us. Very gracious. Amen. asks us to come share the word of the Lord there. And I'm a firm believer that the church is not perfected by the pastor alone. Amen. If I preach here every day from now till the rapture, you will not be perfected because I'll be going against scripture. Scripture says the five-fold ministry perfects the church. So from time to time, you'll see us inviting ministers to come to edify the body of Christ and strengthen us in those areas that we need strengthening. Amen. And it's for the benefit of the body. Once you see a pastor stopping ministries from coming, telling you not to associate with other ministries, telling you not to join the combined meetings, telling you not to join the Easter conventions, run for your life. Amen. Tell your neighbor run. Praise the Lord. Because that is becoming cultish. Amen. So the five-fold ministry is for the unity of the saints. For the perfection of the saints. Amen. So that's what we aim to do here. Amen. So we welcome you, Pastor Jonathan. Pray the Lord will use you mightily this morning to share and minister the word of the Lord. From what I know, our dear pastor, Amen. He's he's a more of a teacher of the word. Amen. That's where he he finds his calling in. So we we under expectation for that. Uh also he was asked him how long he is married and he said for 38 years. Amen. And that's a good example to everyone else. Amen. Because the world today thinks nothing of marriages. They just think nothing of separation and divorce. But we remember what the Lord says. Whatsoever God had joined together, let no man put us under. And remember when you took your vow, you said until death do we part. Amen. Praise the Lord. I know some of you can't wait to see the dead day. Amen. But I want to remind you what the prophet says. He said we were from eternity. We stepped out into space of time. Amen. And he says we will return back to eternity. I know some of you when you get to heaven, you're going to be running far away from the other one saying, "Please don't come anywhere near me." Amen. Praise the Lord. I pray the Lord changes it here now. Amen. Praise the Lord. We'll have good marriages, strong marriages for the kingdom of God. Amen. Marriage is ordained of God. So, we're thankful for that. Amen. How many of you are ready for the word of the Lord? Amen. Amen. Also want to remind you, I'm telling you early enough, the last Sunday of the month is the it's the 29th of June. So, we are restarting the combined meetings, the local combined meetings. Amen. We didn't have it for a while because uh I I was telling you that the mult monthly contributions that we put we were saving it for the Easter convention. So, we didn't want to take on any unnecessary cost until we had sorted the Easter convention out. So now that that is taken care of the one of the vision and the goal of the local ministers is to unite the body of Christ without any divisions. Amen. So we decided one of the ways is that once a month we will meet as a combined group of believers in Durban. Amen. So the combined meeting will be at the Durban girls secondary school. Amen. At 4 p.m. Tell your neighbor you are invited. Now really tell tell them tell them you are invited because you know you know it's a mystery sometimes the pastor announces something in church and you ask them they'll say I never ever heard that. I never hear the pastor saying that. It's happened so many times. Amen. So remember Durban Girl Secondary School 400 p.m. on the 29th of June. How many of you will make a commitment now? Clear your schedules and start to support these local meetings. Amen. because I even got told that sometimes you come alone but I'm making the announcements here and please you know it's very embarrassing when they tell you things like that and I don't know if most of you aware I'm telling you not for any clout or anything uh we had the pastor's meeting two weeks ago and I was elected as the chairman of the pastors the local ministers to coordinate things now please don't let me down how they going to say it the chairman now is people are not coming. You know, it's it'll be a very poor reflection. Amen. So, praise the Lord. But come more for the word of God. Have develop that hunger for the word of God and start to Amen. appreciate these things. You'll find we we'll start to try and get more combined youth meetings going on and trying to facilitate better programs for us. Amen. To unite the body of Christ in Durban. So pray for that as well because anything that's we're trying to move forward for the things of God, Satan will try and counter those things. Amen. So I don't want to take much more time. Uh let's stand together even as we invite our dear pastor Jonathan to come forward and minister what the Lord has placed on his heart and we will be ready to receive it. Amen. By faith. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting God. Amen. Remember, it's based on expectation. This morning, if we can say, Lord, speak to me. I come hungry. I come thirsty. I've come expecting Jesus. Come expecting God. I've come expecting God. Sweetest Holy Spirit. Sweetest Holy Spirit. I'm desperate for your touch. I'm desperate for your touch. Say, Lord, I know you are more than able. I know you're more than able to meet me in this place. To meet me in this place. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting Jesus. Come expecting God. I've come expecting God. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting God. Amen. Over to our dear Pastor Jonathan. Praise the Lord. See my Lord. Holy Spirit, [Music] I'm desperate for your [Music] I know you more than he to be this. [Music] I've come expecting Jesus. I've come expecting God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Surely, Father, we come expecting Jesus. Lord, we didn't come to see any man. We didn't come to see any flesh of God that can boast about himself. We come to see Jesus Christ uh veiled in human flesh. The voice that is speaking must be you, Father. And that's what we want to hear, Lord. Your voice this morning, we pray as I healed myself to you that the Holy Spirit would speak, oh God, blessing your people, bringing them up to that level where they can hear from you, Lord, in the spirit. Lord, John had to leave the church ages. He had to be caught up higher into the level, oh God, of heavenly places. And when he was picked up into that level, then he began to see things like he never saw before. And I pray, oh God, that you'll give your people grace to come up to that level on the Lord's day. Oh God, where they can hear you speak, oh God, we thank you, Lord, that you made a way for us through redemption. Oh God, we seen our man had fallen. Oh God, from you Lord Jesus in the beginning sin had come into the land oh God and Father you you said Lord you need a slain lamb father and every every year they would come with the sacrifices before you Lord to make it Lord and say Lord forgive us for our sins but the desire remained in the heart father the consciousness was always there father but Lord we thank you Lord 2,000 years ago you came and paid the Christ, oh God, once and for all. Oh God, you set us free from sin and the desire of sin, Lord Jesus. Now, Lord, we can say we are redeemed children of God. And in this end time, you come again, Father, to claim your bride and bring her, oh God, into the position of Jesus Christ, so that we could be ready for a rapture. Oh God, bless this church. Bless the pastor, Pastor Adrian. Oh God, undertake for him. Strengthen him. Give him the strength to lead the church. Oh God, we can't do it on our own efforts, Lord, but we want to be led by the Holy Spirit. We pray that you'll bless his family, too. Bless the leoty members, oh God, and the ministers that minister in this church, our precious brother Joshua also, Lord, and all the other ministers that I don't know that are ministering. We pray that you'd bless them and bless the people also. those that are sick this morning, those that are going through financial difficulties, those that are going through difficulties that we don't understand. Father, in the name of Jesus, we claim the healing. We claim the victory. We claim, oh God, whatever the desire is that you'd give it to them by faith, we accept it and know that you're going to make a way for your bride. Lord, bless us now and undertake for this service in Jesus name. Amen and amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. If we can turn to our Bibles, Revelations chapter 21 and verse one. Revelations 21 and verse one. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And I saw a new heaven and a new heart for the first heaven and the first earth were passed away. And there was no more sea. Amen. Amen. So the sea is going to be demolished. Going to be annihilated. Amen. And the new heaven and the new earth is going to be a completely new place. Amen. Amen. Remember this is this didn't exist before, but it existed in God's mind. So it has to come to pass. Amen. And I, John, saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. Amen. So there's a twofold in that as we see God is preparing his city. Amen. Coming down on the earth, this new city. Amen. Is the same example of the bride on earth and Christ coming and sealing his bride with the capstone. Amen. the um the parallel there in verse three. And I and I heard a great voice out of heaven saying, "Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men. And he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God." Amen. Isn't that wonderful? Amen. That's what exactly happened in our day. Amen. God came and made himself one with man. Heaven and earth must embrace. Amen. And God shall wipe away all tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death. Aren't we waiting for that day? Amen. Where there's going to be no more death, no more crying, no more pain, no more sorrows. Amen. It's all going to be gone. Neither sorrow nor crying. Neither shall there be any more pain. For the former things are passed away. They passed away. There's no more remembrance of them. It's done away with. Amen. And he that sat upon the throne said, "Behold, I make all things new." Amen. Can you see that? All things new. Amen. And he said unto me, "Write, for these words are true and faithful." Amen. And he said unto unto me, "It is done. I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give unto him that is a thirst of the fountain of the water of life freely. Amen. Amen. God has provided that water for us in this day. And in that new city, there is going to be a fountain of water, a stream that runs from the throne all the way down. He that overcomemeth shall inherit all things. He that overcomemeth, amen, the denominational systems, he that overcomemeth the world. Amen. All the things that we are facing in this world, when we overcome those things, amen, what will happen? And I will be his God and he shall be my son. Amen. Amen. So the rest of the scripture that I'm going to read, I think you'd rather be seated. Amen. Amen. And then we'll go to second Peter chapter 3. Second Peter chapter 3 and verse 5. For this they willingly are ignorant of that by the word of God the heavens were of old and the earth standing out of the water and in the water. Now that is the when God created the heavens and the earth. Amen. When he created everything, Amen. the waters and the land, he separated it. And he moved some of the water into the atmosphere and he moved some of the water into the sea. Amen. And he made land, right? That was of the old. Then verse six, whereby the world that then was being overflowed with water perished. That is Noah's time. Amen. The earth was perished and it was overflowing water flooding. Amen. That was Noah's time. But the heavens and the earth which are now by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and pition of ungodly men. See, so there's a time coming, amen, in the future where God is going to destroy this earth with fire. Yes. Amen. Not very long from now. All right. But behold, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years as one day. We know that speaks of the millennium. Amen. One day with the Lord is a thousand year years. That day that you eat off that fruit, that's the day you'll die. Amen. So, Adam never make that thousand years. He died before that day. Amen. Nobody made that thousand years. So God's going to give it back to us a thousand years. Amen. The millennium. Um right. But behold, be not ignorant of this one thing that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years as one day. The Lord is not slack concerning his promise as some men count slackness, but he's longsuffering to us would, not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance. So there's going to be a burning of the earth. Amen. And God is saying, I don't want anyone to perish. And brother Brandham says, man pushes himself into hell. Man pushes himself to be killed. Amen. because of sin. So he doesn't want anyone to be perish. He doesn't want anyone to perish, but he wants everyone to be saved. But it it depends on you. Amen. Verse 10. But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fever and eat. The earth also, and the works that that are therein shall be burnt up. So everything that you see on the earth is going to be burnt up. Every single thing is going to be burnt up. Amen. There's nothing going to stand before God. Seeing then that all these things shall be dissolved. You know when you take sugar and you put it in tea and you turn it. Amen. Can you find that sugar after you turn it for a while? You don't find it. Amen. So that's the word dissolved. It's going to be dissolved. Everything is going to be dissolved. What manner of persons are Jay to be in all holy conversation and and godliness as the time is getting closer. Amen. We should be getting more desperate as we can see the world in the condition that it is and we know that this is the end times. We can see the serious hour that we're living in. Yet people seem to be enjoying themselves more with the world than to get closer to God. That's what the Bible is saying that we should get more desperate. Is that right? Looking for and hasting unto the coming of the day of God, wherein the heavens being on fire shall be dissolved, and the elements shall melt with fever and eat. Nevertheless, we according to his promise look for a new heavens and a new heart wherein dwell righteousness. There's no unrighteousness there. There's no fake believers there. There's only genuine believers that are going to be on that side. Amen. I greet every one of you in the precious and wonderful name of Jesus Christ. And I'm sure you was hoping when I'm going to greet you. Amen. We appreciate the Lord for uh the invite for from Pastor Adrien Genan allowing me to preach at the church here today. and uh I pray that God would give me grace to preach to you that you may understand and uh that you may receive with a spiritual ear. Yes. Not with the natural years that you hear but with a spiritual year. And sometimes it looks like we contradict ourselves, you know, like um I was saying something on Wednesday and I said something after the church to the people and my wife said, "You contradicted yourself." I said, "Yes, I contradicted myself naturally, but spiritually I know what I meant." You see, and sometimes, brother Brandham, when you read these messages, it looks like it's contradicting. And you hear one thing the prophet says here, and you hear something else, it looks like it's there, and it looks different, and you don't know what to believe. Amen. I believe our prophet had a a thought. And you got to catch the thought more than what has been said. Sometimes we say things and you don't catch the thought. The thought is very, very important. It's not how much I can say to you, it's how much you can catch what I'm saying to you. Amen. So, it's very very important what I am saying to you today. So, um I appreciate the church uh also having me here and may the Lord bless this church and may your ministry be fruitful. Gen. Amen. So my title is um the title message that I'm busy with which normally I run as a series as pastor Adrien says my ministry I run generally as a series. So if one has to listen to me it has to be a year at least before you know what I'm talking about. All right. So I'm generally a long preacher but I'll try to be as reasonable as possible. Amen. The title is the future of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. Amen. Yes, the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. But my uh subtitle is the process of the sealing of the Holy Ghost. Amen. The process of the sealing of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So in Romans chapter 2 and verse 28, I'll have a bit of the quotes on the screen for you so you can follow there instead of you keep opening your Bible. For he is not a Jew which is one outwardly, neither is that circumcision which is outward in the flesh. But he is a Jew which is one inwardly. Yes. And circumcision is that of the art in the spirit and not in letter whose praise is not of men but of God. Yes. So yeah, the scripture is saying now you know what when we look at people we see that they look message people they look believers. Amen. But God is not looking at the outside. He's looking at what has taken place on the inside. Amen. The process of where you have come to. Amen. Have you reached the stage where you are circumcised in the heart? Amen. Not a outward circumcision but a inward circumcision. This is where I find people like to make a outward show. Amen. They live the message outwardly. They talk high about the message. Amen. It's kind of a proud spirit. Amen. That they have some people in the message they have this proud spirit about them. You know they are the message people. Amen. But inwardly they lack the Holy Ghost. Yes. Jesus said, "Unless your righteousness exceeds the righteousness of the Pharisees and Sadducees." The Pharisees and Sadducees had it all outwardly. If you saw them, they lived a life that was so perfect that you couldn't even find a fault in on their lives. Amen. They always criticized people. They always found faults on people. Amen. They live perfectly outwardly. But they lack something. They didn't have a inward change. They didn't have a change in the heart. And that's what we want to talk about today. Amen. A change in the heart. You're not fooling God. You're fooling man. Amen. God knows your heart. Man may praise you, but your folly will be made known sooner or later. Amen. Amen. Let's all be serious about the gospel. And I I mean that. Amen. Let's all be serious about the gospel. I've been telling our church also to start getting serious. When I say serious, it doesn't mean now you must start fasting every day and praying every day. Amen. But I'm saying get closer to God. Get into the messages. Amen. That's where you get closer. Get into the messages. Read the Bible often as you can. Pray as often as you can. Always see God. And don't worry about your brother's situation in a sense where you mind his business and you want to gossip about him or your sister. Leave them alone and worry about your own life. Amen. We all need to get closer to God in our own lives. Don't worry about how close he can get. Worry about how close you can get. Amen. Is that right? And we always like to clean our neighbors yard. We forget to clean ours. Amen. So, let's not do that. Let's seriously look at our lives personally ourselves. Amen. Where are we failing God? Where how close can we get? Amen. So let's say we need God. All of us. We need God. Is that right? We don't want to pretend. We don't want to waste time in God's kingdom, but we want our sacrifices to be accepted by God. When you come to church every Sunday, you're singing and you're praising God. You want those things to be accepted by God. Amen. You don't want it to be vain worship. Is that right? Yes. So there's a process now. Not just a justification or a sanctification or a baptism of the Holy Ghost, but the sealing of the Holy Ghost in our hearts. Amen. How many wants that this morning? The sealing of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Then coming to church will be not just a tradition. Yes, it'll become a reality. It'll be a fellowship with you and your maker. You and God becomes one. Amen. That's what God wants. He wants to have fellowship with you in your heart. Not in this church only. Fellowship in this church is good. Amen. But there's a more intimate fellowship that he wants to have in your soul. Hallelujah. Look at that more importantly today. Amen. Colossians chapter 2 and verse 11 say. So quite a bit of scriptures we got and quotations. Oh, that's the kind of preacher I am. Amen. Colossians chapter 2 and verse 11. In whom also ye are circumcised with the circumcision made without hands. There in the Old Testament, they had to circumcise the child. Yes. Amen. And they circumcised those children. Amen. And they knew that this child is part of God now. Amen. That was a physical circumcision. But God is requiring a inward circumcision one by the Holy Ghost. Amen. Not by your physical hands. See, in putting off the body of the sins of the flesh by the circumcision of Christ. You see verse 12, buried with him in baptism, wherein also ye are risen with him through the faith of the operation of God, who had raised him from the dead. Verse 13, and you being dead in your sins, and the uncircumcision of your flesh, and he quickened together with him, having forgiven you all trespasses. Amen. So when you finish off today and you go through the process and when you sealed with the Holy Ghost, Amen. then it means that you haven't sinned at all. Yes. Absolutely. It means that you're perfect. It means that you are sinless. Amen. It means that the devil cannot accuse you of sin anymore. You are cleared. That's why brother Brandon preached that message abstract. Abstract means he clears it all the way from the beginning. the time that you were born till today, it's all cleared. You never sinned in the first place. Amen. That's why God was requiring perfection. And perfection is nothing less than perfection. Perfection means that you never sinned in the first place. Is that right? But yet if I tell you that I sinned, would that look contradicting? Is that right? To the human mind, it'll look contradicting. We all sinners. We all born in sin and shaped in iniquity. You came into this world telling lies and just after I finish service I might just tell a lie. But does that make me a sinner? No, it doesn't make me a sinner. Amen. Because as long as God is in me, I'm not a sinner. Amen. Is that right? Yes. Because God has clean cleansed all the sin away, all the doubt. Amen. Because I believe in God. Amen. I don't believe in half off. If I believe fully in God, Amen. then I'm not a sinner. Amen. I'm glorified. Amen. I'm justified. Yes, I'm set free from sin. Amen. So let no man therefore judge you in meat or in drink or in respect of any holy day or of the new moon of the Sabbath days. See that's true. This is what we want to talk about today. We are far beyond message days, far beyond someone criticizing another person. This is the day where scripture is being fulfilled. Amen. Yes. Once upon a time it was prophecy. In the days of our prophet it was prophecy. He was prophesying. But everything that we see today is manifestation and reality of what he spoke. Amen. It's becoming reality. Is it right? So Christ doesn't criticize nor boast of himself but he has compassion and he loves to save the lost. Hallelujah. So, we're not going to stop with the saving the lost. We're going to still go out and do the outreach work. We're still going to go there and get people to God, get him to the get them to the message and let them get baptized and get saved. Amen. That will never stop till the rapture takes place. Amen. That's what we believe in. Amen. So, compassion on the lost, he doesn't look down on people. He doesn't pick on people. So, if you have Christ in you, then you will have his nature. Amen. And brother speaks about the divine nature which will produce the seven virtues. Amen. You cannot produce although the scripture says had to your faith virtue and from your va to from your virtue to knowledge and you think every day I'll wake up I'll add this to my life. So today I I'll be very patient on the road. When I drive I make sure I don't make a noise at any driver. I'll just be calm on the road. You're just making that up yourself. Christian science has more of that than we have. Amen. What we need is the divine nature. When the divine nature comes into you, it will add these things into your life. Amen. Where you don't live this yourself, but he lives it through you. Amen. So we going to go into the subject now, the future home. Amen. And the process to being sealed. Yes, we know that the earth has gone through justification. If we can just have the diagram please brother of the earth the five um okay so you can see the diagram here. Amen. So on the Can I use one of these sticks brother? Okay. Can I use the stickies? Okay. All right. So we see here that the earth was justified. Amen. In the time of Noah, yes, the earth went through a justification. Amen. Which was the flood. The flood had baptized the earth. And God cleansed the earth by baptism, which was justification. God started his process. Amen. Showing on the earth first before he started to do it in man. Yes. And then he sanctified there 2,000 years later. He sanctifies the earth. Amen. By the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. falling on the earth. When he went to Calvary, he cleansed that earth. That's the same soil. Amen. Those 16 elements are part of your life. Yes. So, the process has started for your 16 elements. Yes. Your 16 elements. Now, don't talk about your soul. I'm talking about your 16 elements. Your 16 elements is not purified yet. Your soul can be purified. Your soul can have God in it. But your 16 elements will fail. Absolutely. Your spirit will fail daily. Your your soul and your mind will fail. I mean your mind and your body will fail daily. Amen. But the soul can be sealed with God. So the earth is being cleansed now with his blood which is sanctification. That was 2,000 years. And now we are waiting for the burning of the earth. Yes. Amen. Which is the brimstone and fire that God is going to burn the earth in the next 2,000 years. Anytime soon that God is going to do that. Amen. He's going to burn the earth. But before that burning of the earth, there's going to be a tribulation period. A tribulation period, amen, of three and a half years where he's going to call out the Jews. Amen. And the Gentiles are going to be persecuted and there's going to be lots of things happen on the earth. And I believe right now we are ushering in to the tribulation and we are ushering in into eternal life. Amen. So the two usherings are taking place at the moment. And when God burns the earth, amen, in uh the next 2,000 years which is coming, amen, then he prepares it for the millennium. Yes. Now notice 2,00 2,000 2,000 is giving you 6,000. And the millennium is a 7,000. Yes. Amen. is your 7,000 that completes the program of God as the seventh speaks of the rest. Amen. Sabbath. Amen. But it is not eternal. Yes. Seven. On the seventh, it still speaks of time. Yes. Amen. The seventh is still in time because you're still going to have your watch. Yes. A thousand years with the Lord. Amen. Must be completed on the seventh. Yes. See, so we still have to have time. Amen. Only at the end of the 7,000 will there be another burning again where God will regenerate the earth. Yes. Explode the earth. Everything will be burnt and dissolved as we read in the scripture. And God will cleanse the earth and the soil will be changed upside down. Amen. Until he can now bring his new city down. Yes. So what is the final stage of the entire program of God? The final stage is when you are sealed with the Holy Ghost. Yes. Can you see that? You can go through justification. Yes. And you and you and the devil can still be in you. He can still work in your life and your soul can be dark as dark as anything. You can go through sanctification and your soul can still be dark. And you can go through the baptism of the Holy Ghost and still get lost. Brother Abraham says you can be baptized with the Holy Ghost every hour and still be lost because why? It's only the burning up. Yes. It says now when you burn something up and you cleanse it. Amen. Jesus even says that. He says when you do that, Amen. you make it all clean. He says if you leave it empty, seven more demons will come back. You can't leave it empty. So it has to be filled with the Holy Ghost, but not filled in the sense the way you look at it. Amen. It has to be sealed with the Holy Ghost. Amen. We'll we'll go through that just now as we go on to the end. All right. So it is going through the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the near future to the millennium to come in. That will complete the 7,000 years and finally the earth is annihilated again and the new city comes down from heaven where we will live eternally. That is bringing you into the eighth. If you see I wrote eighth there. Eighth is back to the first. Amen. Amen. So there is no more starting again. Eighth brings you back into the first and it means a circle is completed. Amen. Amen. Eternity, right? Amen. So never to go into any more days again. That's why the scripture is talking about days. But has completed the cycle and has moved into eternity. I believe right now those that are sealed with the Holy Ghost, the soul now I'm talking about. Amen. Is secure for eternity. Amen. Secure for eternity right now. See, immortality is reigning in you. See, so the believer has the same process as well as the church. Brother says what he does with the earth, he does with the church. And what he does with the church, he does with the individuals. So you must go through the same process. You must go through justification. You must go through sanctification. Amen. You must have a new heart. Then you must have a new spirit. And then his spirit comes. Amen. And dwells in you. So the process is a three-stage process for the final stage of God coming into you and sealing you. Amen. Three-stage process. Amen. Is that right? Amen. So the believer has the same process now. John 1:13. Now the believer is born with a representation in him. Yes. Can we have the one with the soul, brother? The diagram of the soul. Okay. Right. So every one of us we believe that brother Brandham eventually we understand this this diagrams although some of them don't really see it this way some put the the soul on this side and the spirit there um actually both ways are but right and yet it can be wrong right because we know if we look at the spirit the spirit of God is inside us. Amen. So in the soul the spirit is still there the holy ghost which is the spirit. So spirit, this is your spirit. Your body, your spirit, and your soul. But what's inside there is either darkness or light. Amen. So when every one of us are born, if you're a child of God, the day that you were born, there's a little seed inside the soul. Amen. There's a little seed inside the soul, which Brother Brandham calls the representation. Amen. It's your representation. That representation is the attribute of God. That is a thought of God. That's what God had you in him in his thoughts. Amen. And that attribute is in your soul. Yes. Amen. But it doesn't it's not alive. It remains as a seed in your soul. Amen. Until it strikes the light. Amen. When the light strikes it, it quickens it. And when it's quickened, it just doesn't become a tree. Yes. Amen. It goes through the process of justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, coming all the way right to it. The shock and still not the real seed yet until it comes right into the fruit of it. See, when it comes into the fruit now, it's manifesting the seed again. What life was put in the ground, amen, is a manifestation at the end. Amen. That's why I'm preaching to the church now. The anointed ones at the end times, the anointed ones at the end time is the only time you can see true manifestation. You throw a seed into the ground, you don't know what seed it is. It grows up. You see it as a stem. It could be like it could be a maze. It could be this. It could be that. You take chances guessing. Amen. But when it produces the fruit, then you can say, "Oh, I see what seed went into the ground." Yes. Is that right? You can see what it is. Is that right? So, let's go now quickly. John 1:13. And I want to talk about the representation. Yeah. John 1:13 says, "Which were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God." Yes. So, there's a lot of people that were not born in the will of God. Yes. Amen. They came to man's pleasure. Yes. But there's a lot of people that God purposed that they should be born. Amen. You were born for this age for a reason. God gave you certain potentials for you to see what you see today. Amen. You had to be born in this day. This message couldn't be born in Luther's day. It would have not worked. It couldn't be born in Wesley's day. It would have not worked. It had to be born in this day to meet your requirements because you were born in this season. See, there's a food that God gives in a certain season. And every season, amen, that God brings his food, amen, there's a people to receive it, right? There's nothing outside of that, right? So then when the light strikes him or her, that seed inside the soul, that is the gospel light, the seed is quickened and begins to grow. Yes. Let's go to Ephesians chapter 2 now. Ephesians chapter 2 and verse one. And you had he quickened. See when did he quicken you? Who were dead in trespasses and sins? You were in the world. Yes. You didn't know nothing about God. But you you didn't realize there was a seed in you. Amen. And that seed needed to be quickened. And when it hear the gospel trumpet blowing, it came to life. Yes. Right. And it was searching for something. wherein in time past he walked according to the go cause of this world. See you did walk in the world according to the prince of the power of the air. See that's Satan. The devil the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience among whom also we all had our conversation in time past in the lust of our flesh fulfilling the desires. Notice that word desire. Desire is conscious that Hebrews speaks about conscious is a desire. Amen. That is in your heart to lust for the flesh and the things of the world. Amen. And that's why Jesus Christ had to pay that price and he did it once and for all to take the desire away. Fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind and were by nature the children of wroth even as others. Yes. But God who is rich in mercy for his great love whereworthy loved us even when we were in sins when we dead in sins had quickened us together with Christ by grace ye are saved. Not by your works. Amen. If you try by your works it'll fail. Amen. and had raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Amen. So the process starts. You move from justification, Amen. to sanctification. You move from sanctification to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. And those that are overcome kisha. Yes. Amen. which is the shak moves into the promised land. Amen. Amen. Spiritually speaking, right there you are adopted and sealed with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Now the sealing is very very important. Because the sealing is to approve. Yes. Amen. Now you may say, "But when I accepted Jesus Christ into my life, I was saved and filled with the Holy Ghost." Yes, you did feel that. You felt like you were changed. You felt like something happened to you, darkness moved out of your heart, you felt good towards God. Amen. But if you had just stayed in that process, you will die. You will perish. You need to move on with God. Remember, God always moves forward. God in the with the children of Israel, they couldn't remain back. They had to move forward. If the pear of cloud moved, they moved. If the pearl of fire moved, they moved. If it stood still, they stood still. God is always on the move. And you got to move with the times. Amen. Just as the world is moving with the times. Everything is getting uh modern. Amen. So God's program has moved up too. So you got saved definitely. You could have had a justification sanification and not been baptized with his spirit. Or you could have went all the way until the baptism of the Holy Ghost and not be sealed. All right, let's go to a message called the breach paragraph 69. The breach paragraph 69. You can follow here on the screen. Grieve not the Holy Spirit of God. Yes. Whereby ye are sealed. Can we all say it together? Sealed. Is that right? Sealed until when? Until the day of your redemption. The redemption of what? Body. The body. See, we got to wait for that time. So the until means to a certain time. See, hold that word redemption. The prophet says, see, until the day that the book of redemption has been revealed and the redeemer comes to claim his position. When did that happen? That happened in our day. Amen. Amen. The revelation of the seven seals. The opening of the book. Amen. must come in our day so that we can identify our names in the book. Amen. Amen. And see our position in Christ. And when that has happened, Amen. we are sealed then until the day of this body change. See that has already come. Until the day that the book of redemption has been revealed and the redeemer comes to claim his position, nothing can do it. See, don't grieve it. Amen. Stay. Do things that pleases God. Yes. Amen. Harden not your hearts. The Bible says in Hebrews today, not yesterday, not two years ago. While the message is being preached from the pulpit today, amen. Harden not your hearts because you can grieve the Holy Spirit. He leave you. Right. Don't grieve it. Stay. Do the things that please God for the book is recealed now and you are sealed. The Holy Spirit itself is the seal. Yes. Seal signifies now this is words I got from the dictionary. The prophet says seal signifies a finished work. Yes. And when the seventh seal is broken, the mystery of God that seal in these mysterious seals is finished. Amen. until the day that seal is broke and then it's revealed what's on the inside of it. So I was talking to one brother from another message church. Amen. So he says they believe that the seals are revealed but not open. So he says six seals have been open revealed and the seventh one we still waiting for it. So I said without the seven being open, how did you get to the six? Right? Is that right? How did you get to the six? Right? We try to use clever technologies and our intellectual to prove God's word and make it suit our ways. Amen. Six seals are revealed and the seventh is still waiting for. And six seals are revealed but not open. All right. So then now the scroll is there. Okay. There's a seal on on top of the scroll. There's a seal on top of the scroll. Right? How can I reveal what's inside the seal if I don't open the scroll first? If I don't break the seal. In other words, the seals must be opened first for me to read what's inside. Amen. To reveal what's on the inside. Is that right? So if I have a letter, Amen. I have a letter presented to me. I don't open the seal of that letter. How I'm going to know what's inside the contents? I don't know the contents. He said, "Right." So, I don't understand how it's revealed and not opened. The seal has to be broken first, opened, and then the letter is opened out and you can read what's inside. Now, it's revealed what's on the inside. Is that right? See, otherwise it's seal. It's still the sealed book. Is that right? seal signifies now this is words I got from the dictionary of the prophet seal signifies a finished work and when the seventh seal is broken the mystery of God that's sealed in these mysterious seals is finished so he's even saying it here the prophet yes when the seventh seal is broke then we can go to the six and five and four is that right that's the only time you it's revealed see until the day that that seal is broke and it and then it's revealed what's on the inside of it. See, you see there is um if I want to give a letter, okay, say I have a letter to brother Joshua. All right, I have a letter, it's addressed to brother Joshua and I seal the envelope, it's addressed to brother Joshua. So brother pastor Aen can't interfere with that letter. Yes. Is that right? Any other brother sees a letter on the floor, they pick it up, it says, "No, it's it's addressed to brother Joshua." So, they'll try to find him and give him the letter. He is only entitled to open the seal of that letter. Amen. Right? When he opens it, then he can reveal what's on the inside. So, Christ is the only one that's entitled to reveal the seals. So, Christ has to be here first. The seventh seal has to be broke first. He has to be here first to reveal the other seals because it's only the owner can reveal it not anybody else. It says nobody is worthy to open the book neither to look upon it. Amen. It is only Christ can do it. You see? So Christ had to be Yeah. First Amen. to do that. Amen. If the man is wondering what's in that box here, the prophet says if the man is wondering what's in that box car say there is supposed to be such and such, they supposed to be he is pursuing but when the seal is broken and the door is open, we see into it and then see exactly what's in there. You see it and that's that will only be done at the end time. Amen. That seal is not allowed to be open any other time. only at the end. Amen. The anointed ones at the end time see will be the ones that will recognize it. Another thing a seal signifies is ownership. Amen. Yes. Ownership. It's sealed only to brother Joshua. It's sealed only to his bride. Amen. Christ must come and break the seal and reveal what's the secret inside. Amen. So ownership. See, the seal has a mark on it. Shows ownership. When you are bought by the blood of Jesus Christ and sealed by the Holy Ghost, you no longer belong to the world or anything pertaining to the world. You are owned by God. Amen. Amen. You're a product of God. Is that right? Another thing is a seal is a security. Now, a lot of people don't believe in eternal security. Well, I do. Amen. I believe if I'm sealed now of the Holy Ghost, that's the only way I know I'm going there in the rapture. Other than that, I don't know. Amen. So, some of you must be uh doubting and saying, um, would I make it? Would I not? See, the bride of Christ doesn't doubt and doesn't say would I or would I not. You know for sure that you're going in. Amen. You're either in or you out. You right now got to be in. If you're not in right now, you're not going in. See, another thing is a seed is a security. Seal means you are secure. Now you that don't believe in eternal security. I don't know. See, but now but a seal signifies security to its destination. Wow. Until until that guy that would try to break that seal and the Holy Spirit seal cannot be broken. Yes. Now Jesus says in a parable in Matthew 13:19, he says, "When anyone yet the word of the kingdom and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one and catch it catch it away that which was sown in his heart." That is why it's so important when you come to church that you know what you believe. You know where you stand. You have a revelation of your pastor. You have revelation of your church. You know why you in this church? You know the reason why you're following God and what's going on in your life. Amen. You have to have a revelation. Amen. When you have a revelation in your heart, the devil cannot take that away. But if you doubt, he can take it away. See, right? This is he which receiveth seed by the wayside. And verse 22 says, "He also that receiveth seed among the thorns is he that ythed the word, and the care of this world, and the deceitfulness of riches choked the word, and he becometh unfruitful." Now remember Judas, he came as close to being baptized but didn't enter in because money was more important to him. Yes. Amen. He sold the word of God. Careful what we do with the word of God. What are you doing with Christ on hands? Amen. In this very close moment, a lot of people are chasing money because we need it. Things are getting harder. Life is getting harder and we need money to live and enjoy ourselves. Amen. There's more pleasures to enjoy in these days. So, we like luxury eating, luxury living, luxury dressing. Amen. So, money is a big thing. So people are chasing money. Amen. People are chasing popularity. Amen. And ministers also are chasing women. So we having a lot of problems in the realms of the message too. See? All right. Let's go. That is why the Bible says in Hebrews chapter 6:4, I want you to take note of this scripture. Very nice scripture. For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift. See I put that in capsule letter. Tasted number one. Amen. Heavenly gift number two. Amen. Those are the important things that the good word of God and the powers of the world to come. Notice the words tasted there. Yes. And the heavenly gift. Amen. So my wife and I, we go to a restaurant. Amen. She orders whatever she likes to eat. I order whatever I like to eat. Amen. And bring it to us. And we really enjoying our meal. In between while I'm eating, I say, "You know what, babes? Don't you like to try some of my food?" And I think you'll do that, too. Let's just try just give it a taste. All right. She says, "Okay." She takes a Amen. a spoonful and she tries it and what happens? She says, "Oh, it's very nice, very delicious, but I'm happy with my meal." Is that right? I'm happy with my meal. You carry on with yours. I'll carry on with mine. Is that right? So, tasting is just to try it. Yes. Amen. That's what the scripture is saying. They tasted of it. You've given them the truth. They have tasted of it. They have tried it. They said it's very nice. It's the truth. But we happy with what we have. That's right. You you you you come across a lot of denominations like that. Amen. So they have been justified, sanctified, baptized with fire. But when you give them this new meal offering, they say, "Wow, it's nice, but I will remain with my meal." Amen. What is the heavenly gift? The Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. When you give the word to someone, you're giving them the heavenly gift. You're giving them you're giving them a taste. Expecting them to want more. Yes. See what my wife should have said. Oh, it's nice. Give me give me your meal. I'll take yours. See, we should have swapped. But she's happy with hers. Is that right? And that's what denominations and message people are. They happy with what they have. Yes. We happy in our church. We excited. The Holy Spirit is moving in the church. People are getting healed. Signs and wonders are taking place. But brother, do you know what's happening in this time? What you mean, brother? Do you know that the seals are open? That Christ came down in this time? No, brother, we don't need all that. We quite happy with what we have. Yes. Is that right? See, they tasted of the heavenly gift and they satisfied with what they have. See, so when you give the word to someone, you're giving them the heavenly gift. They are satisfied to remain in the Pentecostal age. Now, let me bring you further. They are satisfied to stay in the message ranks. Yes. So, we have had a message in our day. Yes. Amen. But beside that, we have had a shout in our day. Yes, we have had a message within a message. And the message within a message is the capital letter message that was associated with the shout in our day. And if you satisfied with just the message of brother Brham's message, what he brought brought as a prophet, amen, you will die and you will perish and not go in the rapture. You will go through the tribulation period because you know the sleeping virgins are part of the message. The sleeping virgins are part of the message because a virgin is a clean living person. They are message believers. They are not oes. They are not harlots. Harlots are denominations. But a message believer is one of those virgins. But she wasn't wise enough to recognize the oil. And the oil is the Holy Ghost coming. She did not recognize Christ coming in this day. She missed that coming. So she didn't have enough oil. Yes. You see, so she's closed out. Amen. But those that recognize that coming and see that oil, Amen. they go in and the door is closed. Right. So they are satisfied to remain in the first and second pool, but they don't want to move into the third pool. Yeah. And as soon as you refuse the sealing of the Holy Ghost, verse 6 says now in Hebrews chapter 6, if they shall fall away to renew them again unto repentance, it's quite impossible. So in other words, God don't do the process again. If he took you through the process of justification, sanctification, and the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and you didn't get sealed with the Holy Ghost, and you fall away, when you fall, God doesn't renew that process again of justification, sanctification. You fall out completely. So that's why it is hard for you to repent, the Bible say. And I've seen many people that walked away from the message. Amen. I don't say that they can't come back, but lots of them when they walked away, it's so hard to get them back. Yes. Very, very hard. Amen. Because they have walked away from the true word of God. See, if they shall fall away to renew them again, Paul speaks about him. Brother Brham speaks about this. Amen. Unto repentance, it's quite impossible. Seeing why, why is this impossible? Seeing they crucified to themselves the son of God aresh and put him to an open shame, redemption by judgment. See, look at Peter. He was a seed of God. He had the representation in him. Yes. Is that right? Can you put this the picture with the two church ages now? When Jesus came, Amen. The Jews rejected him. They crucified him. Is that right? Yes. On Calvary, they crucified him because why? Brother Arab said they rejected the word. Yes. When you reject Christ, you reject the word. They rejected the word and that made a way for Pentecost to come, which was the 120 people that went into the upper room, received the Holy Ghost in the upper room. And that was a Jewish Pentecost. Amen. A Jewish Pentecost that made a way for the Gentiles to come in. That they were waved over the Gentile age. They were the first fruit. Amen. that was waved over the gentile age to produce a gentile church. And when the gentile church started, Amen. all the way through, there was rejection. There was accepting and there was rejection. See, so the acceptance came when they accepted the word, they were called in and they were called in with their messengers. But those that rejected, amen, fall under a temporary judgment. The prophet says they fall under a temporary judgment. And that's why after every church age there was a plague a major plague that struck the earth. Amen. And after the messenger left and the people rejected that plague fell on the earth. Co is one of them. Amen. It shows how close we are because he rejected the message in this day. Co is one of the plagues. And you see at the end of the seventh church age there was another rejection. Amen. And the rejection came by denominations rejecting the word of God. When they rejected the word of God, they put the word onto Calvary. That's why it says here it's a second crucifixion of Jesus Christ. I indict this generation for the second crucifixion of Jesus Christ because they rejected the word. Amen. So when they rejected the word now, Amen. It brought a bride out. Yes. And we are now that Pentecostal group. Amen. That's speaking in tongues by the word of God. A new language. We're speaking. When the seals opened, the Bible became a new book. Amen. So the language has changed. Pentecostal group now in the Gentiles. See to make a way for the Jews to come. The 144. Amen. See, so there had to be two Calvaries. One Calvary with Jesus. Amen. for redemption, another Calvary for claiming. See, the seals had to be broken to bring a claim. And there was another Calvary again for claiming and making another Pentecost for the Gentiles. Yeah, it was the Pentecost for the Jews. There it was the Pentecost for the Gentiles, making a way for the 144,000 to come in. Amen. So the crucifying of the word as not only people say plead the blood, plead the blood. Okay, there's nothing wrong with that. But the blood, brother Bam says, fell on the ground. Yes. And it dried up. God, Jesus's blood fell on the ground and dried up. It was the life in the blood that was important. That life didn't dry up. That was the cell of God. Yes. Those cells now came into your life to seal you, to approve you. Amen. That you are part of God. You had you were born in the beginning when you were born with that representation. That was the Holy Spirit in you, not as the Holy Ghost. It was the Holy Spirit as a a seed. It got jeatized and quickened and started to grow and did went through justification, went through sanctification, went through the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and then the Holy Ghost himself now comes and seals that to approve it. Amen. Now you are sealed with the Holy Ghost. See, now you are a son and daughter of God. And there's no ways for you to turn back and go in the world. There is when you seal with the Holy Ghost, I'm telling you and giving you a guarantee you can never backslide. Never backslide because how can the Holy Ghost backslide? He it's sealed in your soul. It's finished work. Amen. When God finishes something, it is done. Amen. He doesn't go back on his word. That's why when God created the heavens and the earth in the beginning, he rested back on the seven days. He said, "I'm happy with my work." And he never went back to his work again. Is it right? So, it's important to follow this now. So the future it says now in page 34. We can just go to the quotation future page 34. There's your holy convocation. Not have anything to do with the literal thing. It's beyond that. It's into the kingdom of God with eternal life with the predestinated that never did start. If you want, if you claim to have eternal life, eternal life had to be in you. Because eternal doesn't start if you know the meaning of eternal. It never starts and it never ends. So it means if you claim to have eternal life, you had to have a part of God in you when you were born. See? Amen. So he says, "Now um you wasn't saved on any day." See, it never started on any day. You wasn't saved on any day. You was always saved. Jesus just come to redeem that. But you were saved be from the beginning because you had eternal life to begin with. Hallelujah. You were saved from the beginning because you had eternal life to begin with. See, is that right? When Jesus asked Peter, "Who do you say I am?" Peter said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Jesus said, "Blessed art thou, Simon Jonah, for flesh and blood had not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven." See, the seed germ of life which came from the father was in Peter. Amen. See, he was a seed. He recognized who Jesus was. But he was not sealed yet. He was not sealed yet. Why? Before Jesus crucification, he denies the law three times. Yes. Peter might have had justification. He might have had sanctification. Amen. But he was not filled with the Holy Ghost here. See, he was not filled with the Holy Ghost. He was not ready for preaching the gospel because Jesus told him three times, "Feed my sheep. Feed my sheep. Amen. But unless you convert it, see, then go and feed my sheep. See Luke 22:31. Luke 22:31. And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan had desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat, but I have prayed for thee, that thy faith failed not. Notice, and when thou art what? Converted, strengthen thy brethren. So Peter had the seed gem of life in him but he was not sealed yet. He had the baptism Holy Ghost but he was not sealed yet. See what happened? Peter had known Jesus for a long time now. He knew him in the flesh, walked with him, cast out devils, prayed for the sick, and the sick recovered and many great signs and wonders he was doing. But he didn't recognize a conversion yet. He did not receive that. Amen. Look at the way he denied the Lord. Cussing and fussing and getting angry, refusing that he knows the Lord. Couple of days before that, he's recognizing be Christ, the son of the living God. Amen. Now, when Christ is getting crucified, he's denying the Lord. What kind of a believer is that? See, is that right? See, he didn't have a conversion yet. Right. Acts chapter 2 now and verse one. Sorry, I just like a lot of scriptures and quotations if you don't mind. Acts chapter 2 and verse one. After his conversion, now and when the day of Pentecost was fully come, they were all with one accord in one place. And suddenly there came a sound from heaven as of a rushing mighty wind. And it filled the whole house where they were sitting. And they appeared unto them cloven tongues like as of a fire and it set upon each of them and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. All right. So because of time now I'm just going to go quickly to verse 13. It says others mocking said these men are full of new wine. Oh indeed they were. When you receive the word by revelation it's new wine. Amen. to the soul. And the people behaved like they drunk. Verse 14. But Peter standing up with the 11 lifted up his voice and said unto them, "Hey men of Judah, and all ye that dwell in Jerusalem, be this known unto you and an unto my words." Now Peter is not that shy guy. And he's denying the Lord anymore. Now he's standing up and he's proclaiming something to the people. Amen. It says, "For these are not drunk, as he supposed, seeing it is, but the third hour of the day, but this is that which was spoken by the prophet Joel." Amen. Amen. Amen. See, and it shall come to pass in the last days, sayeth God. I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. And your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall see shall dream dreams. This is exactly what's happening. Pentecost has come. Yes. Amen. They seeing visions. They're seeing dreams. And the Holy Spirit is moving amongst the people. They begin to speak in a new tongue. Amen. Fulfilling prophecy of Joel 2. If that Pentecost, Amen, produced that, what about the Pentecost of today? Would it not produce that again? There was a first fruit Pentecost of people prophesying in dreams and visions in this day. Amen. Amen. There was and it happened exactly like how it happened then. They were filled with the Holy Ghost. And brother Bam says, "We are so blessed to have these spiritual people in our church." Amen. Is that right? So what Peter is doing, he's not ashamed of the gospel. He is now facing the people and preaching the gospel. Verse 32, this Jesus had God raised up whereof we all are witnesses. Amen. Jes Peter is no more saying now I deny the Lord. He says, "No, no, no, no, no. I'm a witness now that the Lord is risen and that I'm converted. I'm a solid believer. I want to tell you that that same Jesus that was crucified is living in me. I am now a written apostle read of all men to proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ to every one of you." Amen. And tell you, come to this quickly, otherwise you're going to perish. Amen. See Jesus is a witness now of Jesus Christ. Sorry, he is now a witness of Jesus Christ and not denying him. And verse 36 said, "Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God had made the same Jesus whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ." Amen. Amen. He's not the second person in the Godhead. Amen. He's both Lord and Christ. See he was speaking boldly about Jesus Christ now saying that God had made that same Jesus both Lord and Christ. This is when Peter introduced the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. So believers can giving can give up smoking, can give up drinking, gambling, all the things of the world and yet fall away during the journey of the gospel. Yes. I just want to say this. If you are justified, you can have doubt in your heart. If you are sanctified, you can have doubt in your heart. If you are baptized with the Holy Ghost, you can have doubt in your heart. What is doubt? Sin. So let's take that to the earth. In Noah's time when Noah's flood came. Amen. After Noah left, was there still sin on the earth? Yes. Sin still continued after the justification. When Jesus came, he poured his blood on the earth. Was still sin still on the earth? Sin was still on the earth. Sin is still on the earth now. Even after we're going to come for the baptism of the Holy Ghost, sin is still going to be on the earth. And even when we go in the millennium, sin is still going to be around because Satan is only going to be bound for a thousand years. He's going to be released after the thousand years. Sin is still going to be around. So when does sin stop? Sin stops when the new city comes down. When everything is annihilated and burnt up and dissolved, then sin stops. Satan is completely annihilated and sickness is completely annihilated. Everything is gone. The Holy Ghost, the headstone comes onto the pyramid and seals it as Christ being the light of the new city. Amen. So if that happens to the earth, think about your life. It has to go through the same process. Otherwise, sin is still going to be in your heart. Without the sealing, you will still have sin in your heart. See, so the soul needs to be sealed. When the soul is sealed, there's no more sin. Amen. It's completely annihilated, right? Your name is cleared from now on to the way back to the mind of God. Your abs deed is cleared. Never sin in the first place. Yes. Brother Rab said, "We fell into it." All right. If I get the time to read that quote that now entitles you to the new body, entitles you for a resurrection. Anything less will mean no rapture. Yes. See the future home paragraph uh page 16. Now when you asked or you are forgiven of your sins, you have only done this, taken that away. But the thing that made you do it, it's still there. That's that old root of evil. It's still there. Notice then you repent and you are baptized in the name of Jesus Christ that he forgave you of your sin. Notice then secondly comes sanctification which sets your mind in order for holiness to think right taking away. Uh sanctification is a compound Greek word which means clean and set aside for service. Then the next comes the baptism of the fire. Amen. and the Holy Ghost that God might dwell in us. And the fire of God cleanses our heart from sin and puts the Holy Ghost inside. Then we bring forth the same life that this did because that's in us. Amen. Notice in the natural birth when a woman gives birth to a baby, the natural life types are spiritual. When a woman gives birth to a baby in the natural, the first thing happened is breaking of water, then blood and then the spirit which is life. Grab the little fellow and spank him and away he goes screaming. See water, blood, spirit. And now when a baby is born into the kingdom of God, it comes the same way. Water, blood, spirit. Can you see the church that's the the three stages makes a way for the very person of Christ to seal you? So everybody used to say we must be justified. We must be sanctified. We must be baptized with the Holy Ghost finished. Yes. No. See it you must be sealed with the Holy Ghost. The person of Christ must be in you. Amen. Um, one more quote. The future home on page 17. I don't think I'll be able to finish my sermon today. Brother Pastor Hen, how's this church? You like long preaching or you get tired of preachers that preach long, right? Page uh they always say in other, you know, they so after church somebody will come and tell me, you know, brother, the mind can only take so much. But you see, I'm not actually talking to your mind. I'm talking to your heart. Amen. But anyhow, the mind receives the word and it drops it into the heart. Amen. So, quotation um the future on page 17. A man can repent of sin and he's still thinking of it. Well, maybe he's immoral man. Every immorall looking woman he finds, it's still there. Maybe he's a drunkard. Every time he smells a drink, it's still there. See? But then when he gets sanctified, that cleanses that desire out of him. See, it takes the want of it away. He can be still be tempted, but he takes the want away. Still, he's not right yet. Then he is baptized with the Holy Ghost, the fire cleansed, burnt out, cleaned up, and then put into the service of God. Sanctification only sets aside for service. What is I like to close with this now. What is the evidence of the Holy Ghost? The evidence in the message days was okay to say I'm baptized with the Holy Ghost. Amen. So, let me distinguish between message groups and bride. How many believe that we are the bride of Christ? We're not a message group or we're not message people because we are called out of a church. Amen. A bride is called out. See, so the evidence in the message days it was okay to see say I'm baptized with the Holy Ghost. But the evidence for today is more than that. Amen. When you can receive the revelation of the word for today, receive the revelation of the season, when you can understand that, then it's the new birth. Amen. I'll just close with the last quote on that. Right. Uh par future on page 30. That's what we was talking the other day. The evidence of the Holy Ghost. See the evidence of the Holy Ghost is when you can receive the word not some system but have a clear understanding. How do you know the words clear understanding? Watch it vindicate itself. Well, you say I see this do that do it that and oh yes weeds live the same way but it's got to be the entire word to be the bride. You have to be part of him. He is the word. See, and what if he part of him? Sorry. And what if part of him is it? The word that's promised for this day when he calls his bride. Amen. You are part of that. You get it now. Don't lose that now. Notice. And he makes it a foot place to live through eternity. Amen. Amen. So God has brought his church. We have come all the way. We are finished with Luther. Amen. Was justification. We finished with Wesley sanctification. We finished with the Pentecostal age. Amen. The baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now it's the headstone himself coming and sealing the church. See, then only the church can go in the rapture. Amen. The headstone has to seal it and approve. Amen. The seal is an approval that God has approved his word. He's approved it in you. Amen. That's why he seals you. May the Lord bless you this morning as we stand together. Amen. Praise God.
