################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - NEW POPE USA | HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MRS JESUS CHRIST | IMAGE OF GOD | Pastor Adrian Gengan 11 May 2025 - Adrian Gengan - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   NEW POPE USA | HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY MRS JESUS CHRIST | IMAGE OF GOD | Pastor Adrian Gengan 11 May 2025
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTST3vlEoV4
========================================

[Music] God will not reject your prayer. Praying makes you stronger. [Music] I have never seen the righteous forsen begging for bread or left to suffer. Let's have patience now. So have [Music] patience. Just wait and see what God will do. [Music] When you lift up your hands and surrender, God will pull you through. So worship, oh worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship. In your trials, worship. If you are hurting, worship nothing matters. Worship. And he will hear your prayer. God goes before us. God goes before you saying, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. He's sending his angels fighting for all signs. He's leading the way. Yes, he is the guide. Trust in him. He will never fail. He'll walk with you along life's struggle trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the [Music] Lord. Oh, just thank him in this place. Amen. He's worthy of all praise. We can worship him. Amen. Let's sing. It is important that we understand. Amen. It is important we [Music] understand when God is speaking. [Music] Sometimes he may seem to be silent, but that is when he is working. Oh, just have patience. Just have [Music] patience. Just wait and see what God will do. When you lift up your hands in surrender, God will pull you through. So worship, oh worship, simply worship. If you are crying, worship. In your trials, worship. If you are hurting, worship. Nothing matters. Worship. And he will hear your [Music] prayer. God goes before us. God goes before you saying, "Let there be." He's healing your wounds and setting you free. Sending his angels fighting from all signs. He's leading the way as he is the guide. Trust in me will never fail. You'll walk with you along life's shrug trail. Just lift up your hands. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Oh, worship. Let's sing that again. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Yes. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. He loves to hear worship from his wife. Amen. Hallelujah. God loves to be praised. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's take up the offering this time. Amen. Let's sing. Every praise is to our God. [Music] Amen. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship and one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is due our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's sing. Every praise, every praise is to our God. And every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our glory. [Music] Hallelujah is due our God. Every praise, every praise is due our God. Oh, is God my savior? God my savior. Is God my healer? God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, God my healer, and God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh, we sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory. Hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our Oh, let's wave our hands as we sing. God my savior is God my savior. God my healer and God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Is God my savior? God my healer. Is God my deliverer? Yes, he is. Oh, every praise, let's clap our hands. Every praise is to our God. And every word of worship in one accord. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Amen. Amen. He's deserving of all the praise and all the glory this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated at this time. Amen. We're going to call the Sunday school for this morning. Amen. Whilst we're waiting for them, is there anyone else that will be given our item this morning or wants to say anything apart from our brother Romesh? Amen. I greet you all in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Today I will be reading a poem called Wonderful Mother. God made a wonderful mother, a mother, kind yet bold. He made a smile of the sunshine and he molded her heart of pure gold. In her eyes he placed bright shining stars. In her cheeks fair roses you see God made a wonderful mother and he gave that dear mother to me. I greet you all in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Today I'm going to be saying a Bible verse on Mother's Day. Proverbs 31 verse 2530. strength and honor uh her clothing and she shall rejoice in time to come. She opened her mouth with the wisdom and in her tongue is the law the law of kindness. She looked well to the ways of her household and eatth not the bread of idleness. Her children array and called her her husband also, and he praisth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou exalt them all. Favor is deceitful, and beauty is vain. But a woman that feared the Lord, she shall be praised. Amen. The first preacher that ever can get a child is a woman. There is four or five gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John, and a mother. And a mother should be filled with the Holy Ghost as a woman. A woman who can teach her children how to pray and to know about God and so forth. Lord, we would not by no means forget to thank you for real mothers. For we know that we have such living today, real genuine mothers. God bless them. They are great churches to us and we pray that you'll continue to be with them, Lord. And may they live happy and see the fruit of their womb serving God. And we pray God that those who wear the white rose this morning or the white flower to say that their mother has passed beyond the scene of action today may Lord God they rest in peace and their labors follow them. Grant it Lord. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Thank you for that. The Sunday school we call our brother Amish forward. Amen. Amen. I greet you all in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ this morning. Amen. Share a little testimony on Wednesday night. Amen. As I was coming down to church and at the main robots, Palmia robots, I don't know, I felt very dizzy and uh virtually, you know, went to knock the next guy in front of me. But you know what? The acceleration pedal didn't even move. And I was and as I was driving, I said, "Lord, you know what? I'm going to the house of the Lord, and please take me home safely." And you know, fear grips hold of you. Let's be honest about that. That's a fact. But the truth is, he said he'll never leave you, neither will he forsake you. That's the truth. Amen. Facts will tell you, you know what? This is what's going to happen to you. So, as I was driving, I said, "You know what? I hope brother show is at church today because I'll want to follow him so that I can go safely home. So when I came to the service and you know I I couldn't stand I was just sitting and I wasn't uh like you know singing you know giving it all my best amen. And then as you know the word has to become as the word has been preached and then we after hearing the word you know there's inspiration takes in. Amen. faith builds up. Amen. Muscles. Amen. And then we started to have a prayer meeting. Amen. And that's when hell went loose. Amen. The devil began to tremble and fear. Amen. When the saints began to pray, the Lord will have his way. That's what it is all about. Amen. And I urge you all, Amen. You know, I'm saying this with great sincerity. Never forsake the assembly of yourselves together. Because I believe if I do I wasn't here on that night, wherever I was, I'll let you think about that. God bless you. He's worthy of all praise. Let's just be reverent in his presence. Amen. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. So just raise your [Music] hands. Before this day, no man could tell us just where we came from and where we go from here. Oh, but through the eyes of the prophet God revealed to us before God was God all the way to future home. Sing new things, new things are being declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of here. The angel of God is here leading our souls into the invisible the inaudible the inconceivable. Fate to believe for the impossible. Oh this new day. Oh the angel of God. The angel of God not seen for 2,000 years. He appeared. He's your fixing things for us to leave. Oh, he's waving visions of ourselves before us. So we can walk step by step into what we behold. Seeing new things, new things I've been declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of here. The angel of God is here leading our souls into the invisible, the inaudible, the inconceivable. Faith to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this nude my eyes have not seen eyes have not seen nor ears heard the things that God has prepared for those whom he loves. No, but in this day God display if you say nothing shall be impossible unto you. New things, new things are being declared. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of you. The angel of God is here leading our souls into the invisible, the inaudible, the inconceivable, faith to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this new day, let's sing. Oh, oh, you give them up. I'm determined to declare my praise. Oh sh you not back for this people I for myself. I know very soon I'll be raptured out of here. The angel of God is here leading our souls into the invisible, the inaudible, the inconceivable faith to believe for the impossible. Oh, in this singing this new day, in this new day. Amen. Over to our pastor Adrian at this time. in this [Music] unity. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Everybody feeling good in the house of the Lord? Let's give the Lord a good anchor of praise. Amen. He's worthy to be praised. Amen. and greet everyone in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Our soon coming King. Amen. How many of you know he's much closer than he was yesterday. Hallelujah. Amen. And we are looking forward to see the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. Many people are just satisfied with the word coming. But oh, I want to see him just to look upon his face. So, we want to wish all our mothers, our beautiful mothers, a happy Mother's Day. Amen. If you're sitting next to a mother, greet them and say, "You're looking good this morning." Amen. We thank God for our godly mothers. Amen. For all the love, the sacrifice. Amen. The labors of love uh to correct a child is not easy. Amen. And they say you will never know. Amen. What a mother's love is till you're going through something. Because a mother's love is unconditional. Yes. No matter what kind of a criminal that person is, how many convictions he's got, Amen. A mother's love always reaches out. Amen. Is the love of forgiveness. So that's the closest in the human element we experience to God's love. And that attribute is coming from God. A mother's love is an attribute of God's love. Amen. But God's love is greater. Amen. God's love is far more reaching. Hallelujah. So we are thankful. Amen. So, amen. We'll turn to our Bibles this morning. I pray, Amen, that all of you will have a blessed day. All our moms will have a blessed day. It says in verse 7, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him, for the marriage of the lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready." Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, this bride of Jesus Christ is a married wife. Amen. Hallelujah. How did she get ready? She was given the word to clothe herself. Like Rebecca was given the garments to go and meet Isaac. The bride has been given the word since 1963 to adorn herself. Amen. And get ready. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So, I'm showing you one woman here. Amen. And then we'll go to Revelation chapter 17. Revelation chapter 17. And there came one of the seven angels that which had the seven vials and talked to me, saying, "Come either, I will show thee the judgment of the great that siteth upon many waters." Now remember, it's the same angel that comes and says, "Behold, I will show you the lamb's wife." So this seventh angel with a vial in his hand. Now remember the prophet, he's taking a rock and he throws it up in the air. Amen. If you go and read what the seventh angel did when he poured his vial out, he threw it up into the air. So the prophet of God when he's there in the Amen. out there in the wilderness, he takes a rock and he throws it up in the air and he tells them to get undercover. Amen. Praise the Lord. So I'm tying that up to show you that this particular angel is showing you two women. Amen. One is showing you the lamb's wife, and this one is saying, "I'm going to show you the with whom the kings of the earth have committed fornication, and inhabitants of the earth have been made drunk with the wine of her fornication." Now, this woman, because she was committing fornication, she conceived, and she bear harlot daughters. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So he carried me away in the spirit into the wilderness and I saw a woman sit upon this scarlet colored beast full of names of blasphemy having seven heads and 10 horns. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color and was and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand full of abomination and the filthiness of a fornication. And upon her forehead was a name written, Mystery Babylon the Great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth. And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. And when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration. And the angel said unto me, Wherefore dust thou marvel? I will tell thee the mystery of the woman and the of the beast that carried her, which had seven heads and 10 horns. Amen. Amen. and the Lord blessings through the reading of his word. You may be seated. Glory be to his name. Amen. I'll continue reading just so you get context. So he's telling him, "The beast that thou sawest and is not shall ascend out of the bottomless pit and go into pition and they that dwell on the earth shall wonder whose names were not written in the book of life from the foundation of the world." Now we can rest assured that our names were written in the lamb's book of life. So we are not part of this class of people. Amen. When they beheld, behold the beast that was and is not and yet is. Amen. And here is the mind that had wisdom. The seven heads are the seven mountains on which the woman siteth. Amen. Praise the Lord. There are seven kings. Five are fallen. One is one is not yet come. And when he cometh, he must continue a short space. Amen. And the beast that was and is not even is the eighth and is of the seven and goeth into pition. So you can continue reading to see who this beast is. Now you know that everyone is a buzz this week. Amen. Because they elected a new pope. Hallelujah. Amen. Is anyone not aware that they have elected a new pope? I'm sure everyone is aware. Amen. And a few weeks ago we were telling you that how even within the framework of the Vatican City where they they uh acknowledge their past popes, they've only got one position left, one slot left for the last pope. And that goes back to I think it's a 1700 prophecy or something of St. Malachi where he he detailed the popes that would come and he said when this one comes he will be the last pope. Right? So then you would you know the the prophet was was preaching he's preaching in this message acts of the holy ghost and while he's preaching now I don't want you to lose the context of what he is saying his point when he's preaching acts of the holy ghost there and he's speaking he is not his highlight is not regarding the Catholic church if you follow the quote you'll see what his point is. Amen. Praise the Lord. It's very important to have context because 1954 was not prophecy. Hallelujah. How many of you know that? Amen. It's not a prophecy. He is referencing a prophecy. Amen. Hallelujah. So when he when he's preaching this thing, Amen. When he's preaching it, he's referencing 1950. He's referencing a previous prophecy. If you can put up the quote there. So, the title of my message this morning is Happy Mother's Day to the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Happy Mother's Day to the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. So, which means if you're the wife, the only way you can be mother is you must produce his life. So if you haven't produced his life, then you are barren and unfruitful. Like Peter says, if we don't have these things, we will be barren and unfruitful. So my point to show you, Amen, that there are two women on the earth today. Both receiving seed. Amen. Both seeds will produce an image. One an image unto the beast and one in the image of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Yes. But both women must reproduce. Yes. One will take the seal of God. One will take the mark of the beast. Amen. Amen. This is not the time where the bride is being espoused. In fact, if you if you're a virgin bride, there's something wrong. Praise the Lord. Now, let's get back to this point. Now, here the prophet is is speaking a message and he's talking about the church coming into unity. Right? Then he starts with the thought of how they brought stones from around the world. Cut stones to build the temple in Solomon's time. I'm trying to give you the context of how the prophet comes about to tell you there will be a pope come from the United States. Okay? It's very important. In fact, that is a minor part of what he said. The pope coming from the United States. The more attractive part is what he says after that. Amen. So he says when they went to building Solomon's temple, the stones were cut out from one place and another place and another place. Some of them was cut this way, some of them that way. But the Bible says when they come together, it took 40 years, I believe, to erect the temple. Amen. Now, we've been speaking on 40 years, right? I'm telling you, in the 41st year, something happens. We've always been speaking as well after 25 years. We started out this year speaking after 25 years. We said could this be the time now after 25 years like Abraham where you'll produce the promised son the life of Jesus Christ. We spoke on opening up of dimensional doors. And I'm going to show you the door was open to you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So he's saying but the Bible says they would come together. It taken 40 years I believe to wreck the temple. There wasn't a buzz of a saw. So in silence, under the silence of that seventh seal, a bride was being formed. He says in silence, Amen. wasn't a buzz of a saw, sound of a hammer. In 40 years, the stones going together, stone on stone, only thing they had to do is smear a little mortar across it and set it down there. And it stuck. Stone by stone, stone by stone. Think of it. And here is my idea of it, brethren. That temple there represented the temple spir. Amen. The temple spiritual the temple that we are in now. So he's saying Solomon's temple represents our temple. Know we not you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. When you finally get the thought, you'll see how beautiful this is. So they came into the temple for their blessing. So, how are all the nations of the earth being blessed now? Through whom? Through this temple. We are baptized into the temple of God, into the body of God, into the body of Jesus Christ, and we're in Christ by Holy Spirit baptism. 1 Corinthians 12, therefore there is now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Romans 8:1, that walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit. They desire spiritual things. They don't care about fleshly things. My flesh says I'm too tired. My spirit says you're not. I'm your boss. Follow me. So, who's ruling us? The spirit man. When the flesh says you're too tired to come to church, the spirit man must say, "I am your boss." You wake up and you come to church. Amen. Praise the Lord. see a case out there and the doctor says, you know, that case can't get well. That case is gone. I look at her and I'll say, "That's right." But the Holy Ghost comes and gives a vision, it's going to get well. Then I say, "Thus sayeth the Lord, that man will live." Right? So, we don't walk after the flesh. Amen. No more. We walk after the things of the spirit. I'm taking time to read it and give you the context now. Now when these stones come together they were cut out all over the world in different places. The wood hauled down from their tall cedars. Lebanon was cut brought to Jopa by oxc cut and so forth till they come to the temple. I want you to notice one stone was cut this way perhaps another stone cut another way. Perhaps when the masons were cutting them they might have argued and fussed and everything else like a bunch of preachers does today. Now watch here. He's getting to the point. I'm Methodist. I'm church of God. Glory to God. I belong to assemblies. You keep fussing. But remember it. God is is the one that's doing the cutting. And when this cuts this way and that way, they couldn't understand. But when they went to put it together, the whole thing was laying on the ground and they put it block on block and didn't have to cut no more. Right? Here's the point. Let's get to the quote. Now, the main quote, everyone was flashing everyone. Right? So what is his point? Everyone is divided. It looks like the stone is not cut properly. But when he's brought together, you're going to find he's going to put stone on stone, stone on stone, stone on stone. All right. Now, watch what how he's going to tell you what's going to bring the people together is the point of what he's trying to say. Amen. Now he goes to say, I believe one of these glorious days when this United Confederation of Church goes together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and put over there according to prophecy. So this is not his point. He's saying I believe that when this happens, confederation of churches, pope is brought out of United States, right? Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. Amen. And I tell you, the true church of God will be drove together. That's right. That's the point. Amen. Everyone's focusing on the pope. But the context of the quote is that when the when the confederation of churches get together and the pope is brought out of the United States, he says the church will be drove together. I know there's only one thing the prophet says in the rapture message will drive the church together and that's the power of the shout. So he is saying watch you've seen one effect of the shout call you out of your denominations call you out of your religions but he says watch when this happens the shout still continues and the people will be driven together continues now the real true believers of Methodist Baptist Presbyterians, Pentecostal, Nazarene, Pilgrim, Holiness, wherever they'll be will go together, cemented by the love of God that will make the body of the Lord Jesus Christ all believers. And agnostics and shallow-minded will be cast to one side. They'll go right to the confederation of churches. So, what are we looking for? They got their superman. But we are looking to the promise of now the church coming together. The bride of Christ coming together. Amen. Praise the Lord. So everyone now understand the context of the quote. The quote when he's preach he's preaching about the stones coming together. And he's saying it'll take this event confederation of churches to d amen. Elect the pope, set up the image of the beast, and let them all drive together, the true church of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. When he's saying when the confederation of churches get together, we know it started in the time of the prophet, but they actually signed the final peace agreement in 2023, right? So from 2023, they were getting together to 2025. the United Confederation of Churches getting together from 2023 to 2025. Right? Pay attention there. And brings about the new pope from the United States of America. He says, "Then they'll form an image unto the beast." Right? Now, it's important to ask yourself, how will the image be formed? Right? But let's deal with the second part. So, we dealt with 2023 to 2025. The Confederation of Churches got together. They signed the final document. I'm dealing with United Confederation of Churches. I'm telling you, it was signed in 2023. Final document. You won't find World Religions meeting again. They've already united. Pope Francis did that. Pope Francis is the one that elected this pope now into a cardinal. In 2023, he made him a cardinal. Amen. Hallelujah. Right. The new pope is brought out of the United States. When is that happened? 2025. It actually happened on the 8th day of May. It happened on the 8th day of May. Amen. Praise the Lord. And put over there according to prophecy. Now most people asking the question, where's the prophecy? This is not the prophecy. This is referencing the prophecy. Prophecy must have thus said the Lord. Now, nobody can find the prophecy. So, you're getting all the uh skeptics, right, rising up and saying, "Brother Brandon never prophesied here." He's referencing a prophecy. I say, "Why does it matter? It came to pass anyway." Number one, right? That's just to brush them off. Whether he prophesied or somebody else prophesied, it came to pass. Am I right? Secondly, they come around to the question, is this the pope from the United States? Meaning, they're expecting more popes from the United States. People always want more time. So they're saying, "Yes, maybe this pope came from the United States, but this maybe not the one to drive everyone together." You see how people's minds work. They're saying there could be several other popes come out. How do we know this is the one who comes out from the United States will be at the end time? Hallelujah. Right? Put over there according to prophecy. Then they'll form an image like unto the beast. Now I'm going to give you my understanding of it. When I'm saying my understanding, I am saying my understanding as a student of the word. You don't have to take it. But I'm going to show you the prophecy. Amen. How many of you want to see the prophecy? But you got to I said you don't have to believe it. You got to have an open mind though, right? You got the other quote. I think it was after that I sent it to you. It was one quote after that. He says, "Then in the sixth vision, this is now his prophecies. There rose up in America a most beautiful but cruel woman. She held the people in a complete power." Now I know all of your minds are going to when Kamala stood there on the stage in purple. I ask you when did she hold the world in complete power? Did Camala hold the world in complete power? She couldn't even hold the Democrats together. Okay, let's backtrack. The prophet had seven major visions. Seven major visions. He said before the Lord comes back to the earth to take the people away, right? And he said five of them have been fulfilled. And he was always talking about the sixth one because in his day this had not been fulfilled yet. Okay, everyone on track now because some people are looking at me like they they need revision. Amen. Revision classes. So the prophet had seven major visions and these are prophecies. Some of you are familiar with them. You saw the X-shaped car. He saw the the world wars. Amen. How many of you your memories being joged now? He had these seven major visions. The last and final one he saw America go up in a great ball of smoke. Do everyone understand these visions? These are prophecies. So I am saying as a private student this is the prophecy he's referring to right because he saw this woman rise up in the United States and she held complete power but watch what he says next now he says there in the sixth vision arose in America a most beautiful but cruel woman she held the people in a complete power I say that's not Kamala Again, tell your neighbor that's not Camala. I believe that this was the rise of the Roman Catholic Church. Now, who's saying he believes this? Hello. Come on, somebody walk with me. Who is speaking here? So, how come you believe something different? You going telling everyone it was fulfilled by Kamala, but your prophet is saying, "I believe something else." So, which means you and the prophet don't believe the same thing. Turn to your neighbor, say, "Believe what the prophet said. Come on now. So all the people you told it was Kamala, you need to go phone them and say it wasn't Kamala. Am I right? What is our prophet saying? I believe I is a personal pronoun that this was the rise of the Roman Catholic Church though it could possibly be a vision of some woman rising in great power in America due to a popular vote by women. Right? But what is the prophet saying he believes it? It's the rise of the Catholic Church. There's only one woman who will rise up. We read about this woman in Revelation 17 will hold the world in a complete power. Now, there's a pope, if you go back to the other quote, a pope risen up from America. And watch what watch how he says it now when you reread it. Amen. The pope is rising out of where? and put over there. Hey, come on. Amen. In the sixth vision, he's saying he saw the woman rise up in the United States. Here, when he's referencing the vision, the vision, by the way, was 1933. Here it's 1954. When he's referencing the vision, he's saying the pope will be taken out of the United States and put over there. Another point to mention, this pope comes from Chicago. Chicago is where they held a Christian businessman's fellowship when 300 ministers got together to challenge the prophet on his doctrine. Amen. So the Har daughters rose up to question the prophet on his doctrine in Chicago. Now there comes a pope out of Chicago. Amen. Then a point to observe is he he's taken on the name of Leo. The proverb said Jesus first coming was under the sign of Virgo and his last sign when he comes again is coming under the sign of Leo because he's coming back as the lion of the tribe of Judah. So if Christ himself is coming back as a lion, what do you think the antichrist is going to take a name as? as Leo the lion because he's antichrist. So he's assume he could have assumed many other names of different popes but he's assuming the name of Leo because Christ is coming back as the lion of the tribe of Judah and the antichrist spirit must come to counter that. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. So watch now you're seeing there United Confederation of Churches I showed you completed 2023 new pope coming out of the United States put over there 2025 right then they'll form an image like unto the beast hallelujah praise the lord amen praise the lord so they will form an image unto the beast which is a one world religion and try to unite the world in peace You say why? He's the same Christ yesterday, today, and forever. His powers cannot fail because he's God. God's divine order of the earth. The Holy Spirit today is the same as he was. To reject Jehovah had a penalty. Follow his thought now. Right? To reject Jesus had a penalty. And to reject this, which is the Holy Ghost, people call it foolishness. Is the Holy Ghost. to speak a word against it will never be forgiven in this world to come. This in this world or the world to come. It's more of a penalty to reject the Holy Spirit today than it would be to reject Jesus or the father. Right? Remember, we're dealing with that third part now. Forming an image unto the beast, the mark of the beast. So, I'm taking you through a series of quotes now to show you how that will happen. Pay attention. Right? Then the next quote. So these two women now producing children, one will take the seal of God, one will take the mark of the beast. So the prophet is saying, Amen. I think the seal of God is the Holy Spirit. The Bible supports that the mark of the beast is to reject the Holy Spirit. So how you get the mark of the beast? Reject the Holy Spirit. Amen. How do you get the seal of God? To receive the Holy Spirit. So the one who receives the Holy Spirit is receiving the seal of God. The one who rejects the Holy Spirit is getting the mark of the beast. Maybe maybe it didn't click yet. If you receive the message for your day, if you receive this message, you're receiving the seal of God because this is the Holy Ghost. But to reject this message, to turn this message down, to speak against this prophet, and to speak against this bride is to receive the mark of the beast. Praise the Lord. I hope this is okay. I'm speaking on happy Mother's Day to the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ. Or I can say happy Mother's Day to Mrs. Jesus Christ. Amen. Maybe you're sitting here and you're thinking, "Hey, I don't have a child." Well, the Holy Ghost is still available now. Say, "Birth me, Lord. Birth me this morning." Maybe you're still identifying yourself as bride, virgin bride, pure, untouched. Jesus wants to touch you. You're going around. I'm a virgin man untouched by no man. Jesus wants to touch you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. So one is coming into union with Jesus Christ. One is coming under the union of Federation of Churches. Roman Catholic Church will also produce have already produced our daughters. Because you read there in Revelation 17, she committed fornications with many men. For she was producing many daughters, many har daughters. Amen. We can't receive seed word. Let's follow the thought in the message all things. He says, notice so to reject the Holy Spirit, they accepted the formal side of it. Have a form of godliness, denying the power thereof. Now, here's the Catholic Church. He's showing you now the Catholic Church here. They reject the Holy Spirit to receive a creed, right? They repeat all kinds of apostle creeds and everything like that with a lot of word mixed into it. In fact, when you spoke speak his first few speeches, he sounds so religious. He's quoting Jesus words. He's quoting everything of the Bible. But he's saying they have a lot of word mixed into it. So don't get deceived by that, right? They repeat all kinds of apostle creeds, everything like that, but a lot of word mixed into it and a lot that's not word, right? Because Hail Marys and all of these things. Amen. And then they the word of God, I mean, then they do all things and yet it goes through a formal ritualistic affair. There's no power to it. It's dead. It's just a hull like like that girl's body, the life was gone out of it. It was no good. Nobody wanted it. The life was gone. It's the life that means something. No matter how much you accumulate in this world, how many churches you belong to? What about that soul of yours? What about the life that's in you? Is it right with God? And it can only be right by accepting that great preparation that God made to bring human being across the chasm to himself. That's the blood of Jesus Christ. So I'm saying if you haven't received the blood for forgiveness of sins, you still have a chance this morning. If you're holding on to past sins and and sins are, Amen. You're still caught up in things of this world. The Holy Ghost is here this morning. Amen. The blood of Jesus Christ is here this morning. We can't be looking at all of these external signs and still be in sin and still be wondering, "Oh, maybe maybe there's still more time for me." No. Why don't we quit our nonsense? Amen. If you can see the flashing red light of his coming, he says, "Throw away the peanuts." Amen. He says, "Make sure you got your ticket in your hand, which is the Holy Ghost." And he says, "Stand there getting ready and board that train when it stops." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Now there's a thing that people are m materialistically minded. They're after they're after materialistic things in this life. How much they can accumulate, how much they can get. Let's be spiritually minded. Let's be heavenly minded and see how much of the word we can take, how much of the word we can reproduce. Amen. You know, there was something about Rachel and Leah and those other servants. They always wanted to see how much more life they could reproduce of Jacob. When God shut their womb, they went to pray, "Lord, open my womb." If their home was shut, they gave the maid. So, I'm saying, why can't we be like that? See how much of the life of God we can reproduce. Don't be happy with one stalk. Amen. Don't be happy with one virtue. Oh, I've got faith. I've got faith. I've got faith. But he says add to your faith. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. So the blood is still here. He says no creed will bridge the way. No denomination will do it. No education, no scientist, nothing else but the blood of Jesus Christ is the only thing that will bridge it. The next quote in the token, I've got two more quotes here on this part here. He says, "What about the mark of the beast?" He says, "Those who reject the Holy Spirit is already marked by the beast." So, people are looking for a chip to be put. People are looking for a mark to be put on their forehead, a mark to be put on their hand. Even now, they're telling you about a a a rice size uh chip, a grain that can be inserted here where you can transact. The prophet is saying, "Don't look for those things. To reject the Holy Ghost is to re is to receive the mark of the beast. And I said that's the message of the hour. Amen. His final one in 1963, he's preaching on pardon. He says, "You must reject." Amen. To do this, you've got to reject the Holy Spirit. And he's performing power to accept a creed. You have to see the truth before you can accept an error. If you're going to be a Christian, you have to walk over God's promise in order to get an error because there's a red light flashing before you all the time. This is the word. So, what did Abel do? What did Cain have to do? Walk over Abel's truth. When he had a conversation with Cain, he was revealing to him how come his sacrifice was accepted. Amen. Everyone remember that. And because of Abel's revelation, Cain got angry. He had to walk over the truth and he killed his brother. So that's what they're doing now. You go present in your best way of presentation this word to somebody and you'll see how they will reject it. So they have got to reject truth first before they accept their error because I've even heard it in my own years where they tell us where you show them in the Bible baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You show them amen. got it in the Bible. They will tell you, "But our church, our Bible college, our seminary teaches it this way." So they are rejecting truth to accept a man-made creed. And that's sad. Amen. Hallelujah. You can put up those two pictures. Amen. That I sent you as well. You'll see this the one that was being Amen. I sent you two pictures there. You can put anyone up. The first one in that order. So this was Amen. where everyone is posting this thing prophecy fulfilled. Pope brought out of United States and put over there. Amen. The next one I I just want to show you this. This is part of his speech what he was saying here. Amen. I I'm trying I'm showing you this picture to show you what we just read. They have a whole lot of word but they put in their creeds. And see what he says here. As I begin my mission as bishop of Rome, may God grant me this grace today as always through the loving intercession of Mary, mother of the church. Mary is not the mother of the church. You see how they put their creed in there where in the Bible it says, "Hail Mary, mother of the church." Amen. So you see a lot of it is sounding good but they have their own creeds inserted into the word mother of the church. They again show they are showing you that Mary is the mother of their church and they are saying Mary got children. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Now remember what we were saying on on Wednesday. We said every generation must have a chance at the word. Each generation must have a revival. Amen. And I'm saying now is a time for our revival. While they are getting ready to form an image unto the beast. Amen. Which is a one world religion. We are forming ourselves into the image of Jesus Christ. Amen. We are being formed into the word image. Hallelujah. We are not partaking of man-made creeds. Amen. So I am saying as we examine our lives this morning, can we say that we have reproduced the life of the Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. Or are we finding ourselves as a barren and unfruitful woman? Amen. Praise the Lord. So I'm going to reiterate two women again. Amen. Two women again. One producing an image unto the beast. Both are mothers. One producing an image of the Lord Jesus Christ. Right now who is responsible for this? It's the work of the Holy Spirit. There's only one player. If you if you've been following the quotes, pay attention. I might close now. If you pay [Laughter] attention, there's one major player for both people to receive marks. So there's two things available. One is a seal, one is a mark. But one player, Holy Ghost. To receive the Holy Ghost, you get sealed. To reject the Holy Ghost, you get marked. Right? I'm speaking like this. So that even the children can understand. You take on the mark of the beast, right? So two players, two women, two children. Amen. Who is responsible. So when we are saying holy spirit, receive the holy spirit, receive the holy spirit, the holy spirit is speaking via the five-fold ministry. So, so maybe you're thinking, can I sit at home and come into the image of Jesus Christ? No. The prophet says you got to have a pastor, he says your pastor will see you through. Amen. If you put up Ephesians 4 there, Amen. Hallelujah. Let's see who's responsible now to bring that image to the church. Amen. We can't go contrary. You know, people say they love the word, love the word, but they don't have a pastor. Hello. Yeah. Some of them come floating here too. They like uh got uh what can I say? You know when you got gym membership, you can go to any gym. Yeah. uh they have a problem submitting to a pastor and that is a spirit. How can we say we are submitting to Christ? They're saying they love the word. They love the word. They're in submission to Christ. But Christ is saying my order is the five-fold. So they are saying we are submitting to Christ. But Christ is saying but if you don't submit to the five-fold, you're not submitting to me. Right? So let's read how we are formed into this because let's get Bible. Right? Let's read from verse 8. Wherefore he said when he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive and he gave gifts unto men. Right? First point. Then he ascended. Okay, let's go now to verse 11. Let's get to verse 11. And he gave some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers for what? Let's read now. How are you going to get perfected? For the perfecting of the saints. Let's read right. For the perfecting of the So you see why people are not getting perfected. They are not coming under the five-fold ministry. And even if they under the five-fold ministry, they always got a gripe with the pastor. They don't respect him. whatever he's teaching, they they they take what they want and they throw away the rest. But he says they are there for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. Now, here's the important part. Edifying of the body of Christ till we all come into unity of the faith. So when you under a pastor and he tells you don't join them, don't go to the convention, don't do this. How is he working for the unity of the saints? Hey, let's expose spirits. When he's saying we don't go there and we don't support this, that means he's building his own kingdom, his own empire, and he's not part of the kingdom of God. Because the kingdom of God says they this five-fold will work for the unity of the saints. They won't only come when it's their favorite preacher. When you get someone from the USA, hey, we got someone from America. Now we will go and support it. You get someone from Zimbabwe. Ah, we won't go. Even worse when it's a local minister's preaching, we hear them every week. Which means they are saying, we hear the Holy Ghost every week. He got nothing to tell me. You see, it's all about expectation. Like if you came with a need this morning and you asking the Holy Spirit, speak to me directly. Maybe some of you had questions regarding the prophecy. Maybe some of you had questions regarding the pope. I pray the Holy Ghost made it clear this morning. Amen. If they ask you where did he prophesy, you now can go and show the prophecy. Praise the Lord. Let's see now. Not only that, come into unity of faith and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man and to the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Who is doing this? Through the five-fold, you are going to come into the stature of a perfect man. I'm not saying it. The Bible is saying it. No, but I can sit at home. No, you can't. The reason you want to sit at home, you want to keep your tithes. That's the bottom line. They're lying. They don't want to go to church. They're lying about they want to stay at home and press play. Their true motive is they want to keep their tides. Yeah, that's the truth. You may you're thinking it's carnal, but that's how carnal they are. I promise you they are not sitting and listening to that tape like you think they are. They got coffee in their hand. You know the first service they're there now they're listening. Second service they're more relaxed. Third service now it's gone months and years. Now they're probably having breakfast and listening to it. It's playing in the background. Hallelujah. Now remember what the prophet says that this image that's being formed unto the beast will one day close the churches. Right? So I'm asking you and I'm telling you that no sons of the prophet were ever used in the Bible. Go look at it and you come back next week and show me you you're wrong. Yeah. The sons of the prophet were used. Show me the sons of a major prophet were used. Go look at what happened to Eli's sons. Look at what happened to Samuel's sons. Amen. The sons of major prophets were never used. And what are the sons of the prophets saying? Close the five-fold down. But I thought the antichrist was supposed to do that. Close the churches. You can stay at home at 2 p.m. You can listen. We have a standard time around the world. You all, you see how it's a false unity at a specific time. We can all listen to the same message. It sounds nice, but the Bible is telling you there's a five-fold to bring you to the stature of a perfect man to come into the image. Amen. Full measure of the stature of fullness of Christ. So, whose word are we going to listen to? I am saying this now because some of you may get disgruntled in the future and the first thing you're going to think of I can stay at home and listen to tapes and still be a Christian. Prophet said you can't. He says God don't use mechanical devices. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. There's just so much to go on here. Amen. Maybe I'll end with this. We must be the kind of wife that reproduces the life of Christ. Amen. If by now we haven't taken conception of the word, if you if you're looking at Revelation, you can put it up there 108 from verse 8. What really is happening here is that this book is coming into a people. It's a word coming into a people. And in Luke chapter 8, he says, "My word is a seed." Right? So remember, it's the same book that that John couldn't take in Revelation 5. Now in Revelation 10, suddenly he can take the book. Right? So he's taking the book and then he's asked to take the book from the hand of the angel and eat the book. Eating is symbology, right? Like Eve ate in the garden of Eden. She didn't eat of a fruit like a apple or peach or apricot. Amen. She had a sexual affair with the serpent. So she ate. In the book of Proverbs, he says, "An adulterous woman eateth, wipes her mouth and say, I have done no wrong." Here again, John who is representing the wife of the Lord Jesus Christ is now eating the seed word. And the seed word when it gets into the into her, now let's move to the next verse. Amen. It'll make thy belly bitter. Right? But eating itself, he says, it'll be sweet in thy mouth. Amen. I I want you to read between the lines. Now, the act of eating, I defined what eating is so you can figure it out. The act of eating is very sweet, but when you conceive, hey, morning sickness, belly bitter now. Hey, come on. Somebody's catching this. What? You thought he was having sweet and sour? He wasn't having sweet and sour. Conception was taking place. While he was eating it, it was good to be in union receiving the seed word. But when he con when she conceived, bitter in the belly. Now there's a period of time now 9 months. Right? Then go back, go to next verse. So he goes and he does all of these things. And now in verse 11, when the child is conceived and brought forth in the image of Christ, thou must prophesy again. Amen. Who is this prophesying again? Jesus in bright form. Christ in bright form. Amen. Hallelujah. So, what kind of woman? Let's let's put it up there in in the rapture message. I'm going to close now. Yeah. What the prophet is saying in the rapture message, Jesus wants fruit. Now, he doesn't want apple. Jesus don't want pear. Tell your neighbor Jesus don't want apple and pear. Because some people, you know, they want to read the they want to read uh say I'm going to spend time and read. They'll read this one line and close the book. Yeah. I read the Bible today. They read the message. They say Jesus wants fruit. What kind of fruit? His wife must bring forth the kind of children that he is. I say again, stop telling me you're a virgin bride, untouched. This is the rapture message. It's 4th of December, just before he leaves the earth. He's saying Jesus wants fruit for himself. His wife must bring forth the kind of children that he is. What kind of children? Bride children. Word children. Amen. Anything else? He calls the denominational child. So he wants a bride in the image and likeness of his. The next quote there, the church is married to Christ. We are the wife of Christ bringing forth children. So notice now one message was second coming of Christ the other message was rapture and both he's telling you that this bride must reproduce his life and this has all started because a door was opened. Amen. A door being opened. Amen. We don't have time to go into it right now but word children bright children. So, you remember when I I really don't have time because I must close now. You remember when when they tried to trap Jesus and they brought a coin to him and they said, "Uh, must we pay tax to Caesar?" Jesus said, "Show me a coin." He says, "Whose inscription is on it? Whose image does it bear?" It bears Caesars. Then he says, "Give to Caesar what he Caesars's and unto God what is God's." So, I'm asking you, what image are you portraying today? Whose inscription is on you? Because that's going to show what seed you've been receiving. Whose inscription is on you? What image is on you? The image of the beast or the image of Jesus Christ? Two sons must be born. Now, you know why the prophet is saying when they can Amen. discern the two spirits working in the framework of the Christian church. She will be a super church, a super race and invincible army. Satan will be powerless before her. All because of the image coming now, the two sons being produced. One image of the beast, one image of the son of God. Amen. Mothers producing sons in the image of the father. That's your happy mother's day. We are producing sons. Two women producing sons in the image of their father. That's what's going on now. So yes, you can go wish everyone denominational world too. You can go wish Catholics happy mother's day because they are bearing the image of their father. What did Jesus tell them in I forget the book. I think it's Matthew 8 or it's either John. He says you are of your father. The who you of your father the devil and the works of your father you will do. I am saying unto you you are of your father God Almighty and the works of your father you will do. Let's stand together. Give him praise. Remember whatever we eat is producing an image. Whatever word we are feeding on. Maybe I didn't get to that. But how are they getting that image? By what they are feeding on this. The word they are receiving. They are receiving creeds, dogmas, man-made teachings, and they are producing this image unto the beast. We are eating the true word of God, and we are producing the life of Christ. The prophet would say it like this. We are feeding on the unfailing body word of the son of man. Amen. So I'm asking you even this morning, don't leave here without conception. The word is a seed. I had so much more to preach on this. Amen. But I'm saying the eating of the book is the wife receiving seed. Then the reproduced son, now the adopted son, must prophesy again. Now that we have the inheritance that Adam lost, we have the original spirit. The prophet says, "As you feed on the word, you become the word." Praise the Lord. With your heads bowed, your eyes closed, don't reject the Holy Ghost. The prophet is saying, if you reject the Holy Ghost, the message for your day, you will receive the mark of the beast automatically. [Music] accepting creeds, teaching of [Music] men. He's receiving the mark of the beast. But we are receiving the unfailing word of God. Amen. Let's sing. Amen. Glory. Thank you, Jesus. From glory to glory, he's changing me. He's changing me. He's changing me. His image and likeness to perfect in me. The love that God shows for it. Let's sing. He's changing me. For he's changing. He's changing me from the earthly to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love that God shows for his bride. From glory to glory. He's changing me. He's changing me. is changing me. His likeness and image do perfect in me. The love that God chose to Let's sing now. He's changing me. He's changing. He's changing me from the earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me. The love that God shows for his bride, he's changing. He's changing. He's changing me from the earthly things to the heavenly. His likeness and image to perfect in me the love that God shows to his life. Amen. Aren't you happy this morning? Give the Lord a good hand a clap of praise. Amen. Bringing us back into the image and likeness again. Hallelujah. Amen. Maybe we'll just complete the stuff on Wednesday. Amen. The rest of it. Amen. There's so much there that we can keep expounding on. But as the Holy Spirit allowed us this morning, I pray, Amen. that many things, Amen. Maybe if you haven't heard it before in or in a long time, it will come fresh upon you even now to realize the importance of things. Now, now remember who is fixing this? Brother Brandham says the angel of the Lord is on earth now fixing everything getting it ready for the coming of the Lord. So while the Holy Spirit is fixing other things, external things, remember whatever happens here is internal in the body. Say holy spirit angel of God fix the inter internal things. Get rid of all my unbelief. Get rid of all my statue ways, lukewarmness, cold formal ways. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't kill the revival fires of God. That's another thing to stifle the Holy Ghost is when we can't rejoice with the things of God. Amen. Let's just close this part of the service. Father, we thank you for your word. We thank you, Lord. Lord, we know that revelation can only come from you, oh God. We thank you for the angel of God. We thank you for the Holy Spirit, Lord, that was present. You said, Lord, that you would lead us and guide us into all truth. It can only be the work of the Holy Spirit to lead us and guide us into all truth. So, we are thankful, Father, this morning, oh God. And Father, even as we, Lord, take uh stock of our own lives right now, Lord. I pray you'll wash us in the blood of Jesus. You'll cleanse us, Lord. You'll purify us, oh God. Father, you'll take away everything that's not of you, oh God. Father, we reject every other seed, oh God. We reject every other tradition, oh God. We reject every other carnal nature, oh God. And Lord, we crucify the flesh even this morning, oh God. And we are praying, Lord, the revival of the Holy Spirit will come upon us, Father. Lord, I pray the anointing of the Holy Spirit, Lord. Lord, I pray for the Holy Ghost itself, oh God, to come upon us and quicken us, Lord Jesus. I pray, Lord, that we will reproduce your life, oh God. Father, that we will be Christ on two feet again, Lord Jesus. Lord, we will manifest your glory, your image. Father, oh, we love you, Lord. Help us to bear your image. Lord, help us to bear our inscription in our spirit realm, in our flesh realm. Oh God, in our soul, oh God, that when they see us, Lord, they will see, Lord, this is Jesus Christ reproduced again. And Lord, in the flesh, Lord, the flesh, Lord, may entice us, Father, and bring many enticing things. But Lord, this morning we want to say, arise spirit man. I'm your boss. You will listen to me flesh. I reject the things of the flesh. I reject sin and unbelief. And I accept the Holy Ghost to seal me into the kingdom. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. I pray Lord for those that may have other needs and desires and seeking you Lord Jesus for Lord their daily needs and their daily Lord activities whatever they are trusting you Lord for you know their hearts father I pray you'll anoint them and bless them and grant to them the desire Lord I pray you'll bless every mother Lord even as they are raising up their children in the ways of the Lord I pray you continue to strengthen them Lord Jesus and Father when life seems to be throwing them Lord all kinds of anxiety stress Lord worries Lord I pray they will look to you Lord Lord Lord, Father, your word declares that in our weaknesses, Lord, your strength is made perfect in our weaknesses, Father. So, we we lay all our cares and our burdens at your feet, Lord. We pray you'll grant a special blessing to our mothers, Father. I pray, Lord, that you'll grant to them the desire of their heart, Lord. They lift us such unselfish lives, oh God. So, I pray, Lord, that even this morning, you'll pour out a special blessing, Lord, something extra for them, Lord. Pray you'll grant them the desire of their heart. I pray heal them Lord if they are sick. Deliver them if they are bound. Lord I pray Lord for your peace upon their hearts. Lord may they rejoice to know that they are daughter of God fulfilling your purpose in the earth. Oh God we ask your blessings now in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ with much thanksgiving. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen.
