################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - The Time Appointed of the Father | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 21 May 2025 - Adrian Gengan - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   The Time Appointed of the Father | Pastor Adrian Gengan | 21 May 2025
Speaker: Adrian Gengan
Church:  Son Of Man Revealed Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3LLgDtrK_s
========================================

Amen. We'll turn to Abac. I want to speak on the time appointed of the father. Amen. The time appointed of the father. Amen. Abac chapter 2. Now let's follow what's happening here. The Lord is going to answer somebody who is speaking to him. And Abac is speaking to him. He says, "I will stand upon my watch and set me upon the tower." So this man is standing on the tower watching. He's a watchman and will watch to see what he will say unto me. So he's under expectation. Amen. This watch is not watching for an enemy. He's saying, "I'm watching for what the Lord will say to me." So he that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit is saying to the church, and what I shall answer when I am reproved. And now the Lord answers and he says, "And the Lord answered me and said, write the vision." So God is the one that is encouraging us to write a vision and make it plain upon tables that he may run that readth it. So he's asking us also not to be shortsighted and the vision to be selfish. Because if I expect brother Jaffer to run with a vision, the vision must include him. He won't be enthused about my vision about myself. Amen. But if we have a collective vision for the entire church and I give it to you, you can run with that vision. Amen. For the vision is for yet for an appointed time. Now, we all saw the prophet speak something in 1933 about a pope coming out of the United States. He confirmed it again in 1954. But the vision tried and though it tried, we had to wait for it. We couldn't bring it to pass sooner. We couldn't interpret it. We had to wait. Even they did not know that the pope was going to come out of the United States. But a prophet back in 1933 prophesied about it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. The vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak. Amen. Nobody else must speak. The vision must interpret itself. Amen. Amen. And what's a vision? It's the word of God. So the key is wait for it because it will surely come. It will not tarry. Amen. Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him, but the just shall live by his faith. I want to read one more portion of scripture before you can be seated. In Galatians chapter 4, just read verse 1 and two. It says, "Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differereth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all." So all of this potential is laying within him. But watch, but is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. That's where I'm getting my title from. The time appointed of the father. Amen. The Lord had blessings through the reading of his word. You may be seated. We'll go quickly to the book of Luke. There we read this on Sunday. Amen. We didn't get too much time to dwell on this, but you know, I'm going to uh skip through a lot of it. So, you know that this man had two sons. Amen. And the younger of them said to his father, "Give me the portion of goods that fall to me." And he divided them his living. So his inheritance. So there's a certain portion of the word that's given to us as well. But this boy didn't make wise investments. You remember we were speaking about talents being given. Yes. Amen. So this boy, he came of age and he didn't wait for the report of the father or the tutor to give to the father. He kind of jumped the gun. And I suspect that this boy was a good student. I suspect that this boy was going to get a good report. Amen. Because you'll see on the return, the father already knew his capabilities. Amen. So he makes a demand of the father for an inheritance, for a gifting, for a portion of the word. So what he is carrying with him and going is the father, what the father has allotted to him. He's carrying the father's inheritance with him. But he squanders the father's inheritance when he should be investing it. when he should be amen uh looking to grow it, he starts to spend it. Now remember the kingdom of God works by multiplication. The kingdom of God works by addition. So it shows you that he wasn't operating in the kingdom of God because everything that was happening to him was subtracting. Praise the Lord. So I want to get to this point because you know he joins himself with a citizen of the country and I told you that's a Leosian spirit. The Leysian spirit can strip you and send you to the pig pen to eat pig food. You all know the story you can read. Amen. I want to get to the point where verse 17. And when he came to himself, now there's only one thing promised to an end time people to awaken them from amnesia. Waken them to realize who they are. And this is not their ought to be condition. And that was seven thunders. Brother Brandham says it will take those seven unknown thunders to wake her up again. Amen. That is the opening of the word. That is the seven seals. Amen. To wake her up again. If we if we are looking at the seals and all we are seeing is o riders and something is wrong because the prophet is saying we need to see our name beneath the seal. Hallelujah. The time appointed of the father. So listen to his words. When he came to himself he said how many hired servants of my father have bread enough to spare and I perish with hunger. I will arise and go to my father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee and am no more worthy to be called thy son, make me as one of thy hired servants. Now, if you just remembered what we just read that the heir, as long as he's a child, defer with nothing from his servant. So, that's the stage he is in now. He's still in the child stage. He hasn't been come to adoption yet. So he must remain in the mentality of his servant. So that's why he's got servant mentality and he's saying I will arise and I will go back and ask my father to make me a servant because I have not been adopted yet. Praise the Lord. Amen. That's as far as I want you to go there. Amen. So you know when he gets back to the father's house, the father has another welcoming for him than he expects. Praise the Lord. Amen. Because in verse 20, he says, "He arose and came to the father, but he was yet a great way off and his father saw him." Hallelujah. No matter how far you away from father, father is seeing you. Father has chosen you. Amen. You can't get away from father's eye. Amen. The father may let you drift for a while, but you are always his son and his eyes on the sparrow and he watches over you and I. Nothing can separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus. Hallelujah. So no matter how a son and daughter may drift, may may wander away for some time, but at the appointed time of the father, he's going to bring you back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So even the boy going away, it wasn't yet the appointed time of the father at that time. He had to wait, Amen. for the right time. He had to go through his own experiences. He had to go through his valley moments. Amen. He had to overcome the leosian spirit. Amen. Because to him who overcomes leosian spirit, to him will I grant to sit with me on my throne. Therefore, after this boy overcomes a leady in spirit, as soon as he comes back to father's house, he's able to sit on father's throne. Praise the Lord. So, but the father said to his servants, so watch now. He says, I want to be a servant. But the father is instructing the servants now. Amen. Last week, we were talking to you about who the servants are. It's the angels. Sons of God are higher than the angels of God. Praise the Lord. Bring forth the best robe. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. When father deals with us, he gives us the best. He is not looking to give us a secondhanded robe. He's saying, "Bring the best robe." Hallelujah. Amen. The best robe that you have and put it on him. Hallelujah. Robe him, clothe him. Amen. And put a ring on his finger on his hand and shoes on his feet. Praise the Lord. And bring either the fatted calf and kill. And let us eat and be merry. For this my son was dead and is alive again. He was lost and is found. And they began to be merry. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, I'm saying that the father has an appointed time for us. Amen. We may have been around in the the the message or in the Christian life for many years, but the father has an appointed time for us. Even tonight could be your appointed time. Amen. Where God is going to do something in your life and turn you around. God can change your life around tonight and set you on fire for him. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If there's ministers here, God can stir up that gift within you. If there's song leaders in here, God can stir up that gift within you. If there's a gift within you, God can stir it up even tonight. Amen. Thank you, Sister Mika, for that song. I appreciated it. Amen. Hallelujah. You have a gift on your life. You have an anointing on your life. Amen. And just preserve it and keep nurturing it. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And brother show and you keep encouraging it. Hallelujah. Now watch. God will do things in times stages. He could have sent the message with the seven seals in 1947 but he didn't send it. There was a time appointed of the father. Amen. Hallelujah. So let's read this now in quote number one in desperations. This is preached 1963. Listen to what he says. He says, "And all the things that he hasn't done through the ages in the church ages, he's doing now." Do you see now? Straight away, he's showing you there were things that were appointed by the father for a certain time. He didn't do it down through the church ages. He's doing it now. Back to the word because the messenger the messages and messages and messages How many messages did he bring? Can you hear how he's breaking it down? Because how many messages is he saying there? Three. He's saying because the messages and messages and the messages has to wind up in the entire word. Amen. And in the last days, the seven seals being opened up was to pick up every straggle that's been left off in it and make the whole thing in one great big body of the bride. That them who live back there was, listen to what he's saying now. Follow his thought. them who live back there 7 through seven church ages was not perfect until this church. Amen. Hallelujah. Be perfected. The time appointed of the father. Which means the first one coming to perfection is you. He's just telling you there they were not perfect and they can't be perfect until this church. Amen. be perfected this bride group in the last days to bring them in. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Do you see what an important role we have? Do you see why it's important for us to mature? You see why it's important for us to get into our position? Praise the Lord. because he's saying this bridegroom in the last days to bring them in and all together be taken up. See? So, it's only going to happen up at the headstone to sweep the rest of them up. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can go and read that. It's it's in desperations. Beautiful quote. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ecclesiastes 3 and1. to everything. There is a season. There was a season for you to receive the word. There was a season for you to grow in the word. Amen. There was a season for you to question the word for to get understanding of the word. There was a question for you to settle all your doubts. A time for you to settle all your doubts. A season for it. And a time to every purpose under the heaven. Praise the Lord. Now there's a time for every purpose under the heaven is because the type of person that we are expected to be in this time and season is only going to come through trials and testings. Sunday we speaking on divine nature. We're moving into divine character and nobody can come here in this line here and tell me pray for my character. Lord give me good character. Lord, I want character is molded. Hallelujah. It's shaped through life experiences. You know who doesn't like that? Rebellious people. Rebellious people when the Lord is trying to work doesn't want no I don't want this kind of molding. Moses could have said that. I'm comfortable here in my palace. Why you want to mold me and shape me this way? Character cannot be imparted via prayer. Character takes a molding. Character takes a beating. Until pure gold is coming out. Praise the Lord. So there's a season for something. There's a there's a time for every purpose under the heaven. God knows what he's doing. Why don't we trust the process? Amen. Amen. Now, we we we speaking about Moses and he was a mighty anointed prophet. Amen. And he was born at the right time to deliver them. But you see, it wasn't God's appointed time when he slew the Egyptian. He moved ahead of God's program. He slew the Egyptian. God still had had another 40 years in his timeline, but he went ahead. Hallelujah. And when you're moving out of God's timeline, fear will strike you. Because when we are moving in God's timeline, we stand here fearless. Amen. We stand here powerful. We stand here commissioned. We are not going to move our ground. We stand here knowing this is the time appointed of the father. People can tell us back down. People can tell us go back. We are saying no. We are moving forward. Amen. Hallelujah. So what happened? Fear drove him to the wilderness. But God had another appointed time for Moses. God had set it up. So look, Moses coming into the wilderness. I'm going to attract his attention. I'm going to make him associate with the supernatural. Hallelujah. So even in our wilderness journeys, God is not leaving us, but he's got the supernatural there to meet us. He's got a burning bush to attract our attention. He's got something to catch our attention. Amen. Moses had just left the most powerful kingdom, but he had never seen a bush like this. Amen. He had never seen a presence like this. And he never heard a voice like this that told him the ground that you are standing upon now is holy ground. He had been in the presence of Pharaoh. He knew some kind of reverence. But this was a different kind of a reverence. This was the presence of almighty God. Now even tonight we've got to recognize the presence of God. Praise the Lord. This was a different kind of a presence he was in. He took off his shoes and he bowed down before this. He did. And who was that? Go read it. It was the angel of the Lord in the burning bush. The one that was sent for every Exodus. That same one is here tonight. That same one is here tonight. That same one is here. Amen. For you. This is the time appointed of the father for you to connect with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So God had set this up. Flee to the wilderness, but I'll let you meet my presence. So I'm telling you, our father is so I can't even describe him. Even in desert places, he meets us there. He equips us there. He strips us of all our Egyptian ways. He strips us of all our latest ways. He strips us of all our worldly ways. And he equips us with his word. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, if we if we get to that quote there, why did God allow Moses to stay in the wilderness of 40 years? Here what he says. Let's move past this. Amen. Yeah. Let's stop here. God called Moses to the wilderness. Here what he says. The waiting was not on Moses' part, but because the people who were not ready to receive him. You remember a while ago I told you that the the people are not ready for the manifestation of the sons of God. They don't know how to cope with it. In fact, there's so much of impersonation. Amen. that the impersonation looks more glamorous. So they would rather go for that. They are not ready for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. Because of Janice and Jamus. Amen. But look, the people were not ready to receive him. Moses thought the people would understand but they did not. Amen. We can drop down a bit there. I want to get now after he says remember God had started Israel as a virgin with his word but they wanted something different. So did the last day church. God did not move Israel or let her go into the promised land until it was his own appointed time. So even in our own lives, you trusting the Lord for something. You're believing the Lord for something. We've got to wait for the appointed time. Amen. Praise the Lord. If we move ahead of time, ahead of season, we'll be in God's permissive will. But Moses had to wait in the wilderness for 40 years for the appointed time of the father. Brother Brandham had to preach from 1947 right until 1963, waiting for the appointed time of the father. He said, "The message I've waited for all my life." Praise the Lord. Now he says even Joshua, Joshua was given a commission to place them in the land. And he says the people were putting pressure on him. And listen now he says the people now I want you to understand what we are reading here is a hidden mystery. The portion that we are reading is from pick up your pen and write. Right. Let me tie this for you. In Revelation 10, John is told not to write. I'll say it this way. What John was told not to write, you pick it up. I'm not going to say it. A prophet was told, "Pick up your pen and write. Hallelujah. Because it's a hidden mystery. Amen. You caught it. What John was told not to write, the prophet was told, pick up your pen and write. Because this thing is packed. So I'm saying we are we have what we are reading here now is that the people put pressure on Joshua the leader. The land is ours. Let's go take it. Now, don't we also say that this belongs to us. This belongs to us. This belongs to us. Let's go take it. But never forget Exodus 23 when he says, "Little by little, I'll release it to you so that you're not overtaken by the beast of the field." So that's why we've been speaking. We're moving into higher dimensions of the Holy Ghost and moving little by little. Amen. And we are fighting and overcoming and overtaking. Amen. Gaining ground. He says, "The land is yours. Let's go take it." Joshua, you are all through. You must have lost your commission. You don't have the power you used to have. You see how they talk? You used to hear from God and know the will of God and act quickly. Something is wrong with you. But Joshua was a God-scent prophet. He knew the promises of God. So, he waited for them. He waited for a clear-cut decision from God. When the time came to move, God placed the full leadership in Joshua's hands because he stayed with the word. God could trust Joshua but not the others. Now remember, who is Joshua there? He's trying to bring a reference to himself. God could trust Joshua but not the others. Amen. And he says, "So it will repeat in this day the same problem, the same pressures." Amen. Praise the Lord. Even John the Baptist, John the Baptist went into the wilderness, but at the time appointed of the father, he comes out crying. Amen. He comes, Amen. Repent. Prepare ye the way of the Lord. The Messiah is at hand. We think quickly now about Esther. Esther is there in the kingdom, but it's not yet the appointed time of the father. Praise the Lord. There comes a specific time and these are the words that Modi said to her. Think not to with thyself that thou shalt escape in the king's house more than all the Jews. For if thou allto together oldest thy peace at this time, they there shall their enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place. But thou and thy fathers, thou shalt be destroyed, and who knoweth whether thou would come to the kingdom for such a time as this? In other words, he was telling her, "This is now the appointed time. You've lived in the queen as a queen for too long. You've lived in the palace, but now is the appointed time for you to move into another role. Praise the Lord. Because more uh King Azerus didn't marry her just for her beauty. Praise the Lord. He wanted intimacy with Esther. Praise the Lord. So, I want to get to Ephesians 15 there. Amen. Let's just read Ephesians 15, but we'll read from 14 there. Just take it up one. Yeah, leave it there. Now, listen what the what the Apostle Paul is writing. He says, "According as he hath chosen us, Hallelujah. I want you I want that to sober in the one who created the heavens and the earth. The one who is king of kings and lord of lords. The one who with just one word he could end the entire thing. God almighty. Not a god. Amen. The god. Amen. God Almighty hath chosen us. Tell your neighbor, I am chosen by God. Hallelujah. You know, if you were chosen by the president, it might be an honor. If you were chosen by some uh uh renowned person of this world, we consider it an honor. Even when you're playing sports and you're selecting teams, the captain choose you. You feel so proud. If he call you last, you're not so proud. But God had chosen us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me also say this. We were not deserving. We were not worthy for it. But God looked past our faults. He looked beyond my faults and saw my needs. Amen. He knew me yet he loved me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He had chosen us. And when he chooses us, he doesn't choose us to lose us. Amen. Amen. God doesn't choose us to lose us. And neither does he choose us for us to be losers. Amen. God has chosen us to be winners. God has chosen us to be people of purpose. God has chosen us for his kingdom for such a time as this. God has chosen us to be sons and daughters of God that will carry out his kingdom mandate on the earth. Praise the Lord. I I can just read that like for for another time and say he had chosen us. He had chosen us. Hallelujah. There were so many others that he might have chosen to follow him. Others were learning and great. You know the song to the show to great distinctions to follow him. Men with authority and forceful ability to know how to Amen. It says, "I don't know. I don't know but why, but he chose me to follow him." I love you, Lord. He chose us. You know, you know what that is? We read with would marvel and we see he chose Peter and now he selected John and now he selected Matthew. But then he come in this time. What year was it? 2007 he came to you and he said follow me few years earlier he said follow me if they had to write about our stories it would be written of us when you came in brother Romesh 85 1985 God chose brother Romesh there were so many others is that he might have chosen. Why not choose JF Rollins? Amen. Why not choose somebody else? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. And when did he choose us? He didn't choose us. Now, he didn't choose us based on our own merit. Amen. The Bible says here, he chose us before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Before the foundation of the world. So before he said, "Let there be light." Oh yes. He chose us. Amen. When he was saying let there be light, he was trying to create a world so that we who he chose could come and live in. So whatever you are seeing in Genesis 1 is a result of because he chose us. So now this great God who chose us is a father who will take care of us. So he's going to provide an environment for us to live. So he creates the heavens and the earth. Right? That we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Now nothing can change that. Amen. Read it again. He chose us that we should be holy and without blame. I don't care how many prosecutors you got against you. I don't care if the devil and his armies can come against you. He chose you to be holy. Thank you, Lord. He chose you to be holy. I said he chose you to be holy. No matter of sin can make you unholy because he chose you to be holy. And no matter I was guilty. Hey, feel like singing tonight. Guilty. But Jesus dropped the charges. Amen. We should be holy. Now, now I thought I thought the angels sing about somebody holy, holy, holy. But little messiahs are just like their father. And he chose us to be holy like he is holy. He chose us to be holy. And without blame. Amen. Amen. So no matter what we've done, he came to justify us without blame before him where in the capstone in the headstone. Amen. That's the only place. Why? We just read the quote. It takes up up there to bring the rest of them to perfection. So we were called to be holy in this appointed time of the father. We were called to be blameless in this appointed time of the father at the time of the coming of the headstone. Thank you Lord. This is the time appointed of the father. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children. He's showing us how it's going to come now. You are my child. Adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Amen. So all of the other stages were only stations. The prophet calls it just stations. A station is not your destination. Come on. Your station is not your destination. Amen. Amen. So being coming into the to the church was a was a station. Coming into the bride was a station. Coming as a wife was a station. But the predestination was to be adopted children of God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, God has times appointed of the father and he has certain scriptures locked in there to call you out for this appointed time. So, he put in there Revelation 10:7. He says there in the days of the voice of the seventh angel when he shall begin to sound the mystery of God should be finished as he had declared to his servant the prophets. And then it goes into verse 8 to 11. And you know that is our appointed time right now. Nobody else could fulfill that scripture. Not even John who was caught up in the vision could fulfill that scripture. John was typing an end time people. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm so glad that I'm caught up in the appointed time of the father. Amen. I'm not caught up in somebody else's ministry, but I'm caught up in my own ministry right here on the earth. I'm called to be a witness. I'm called to prophesy again. I'm called to testify again. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory be to his name. Romans 8. This is now what we are talking about. This is the appointed time of the father. You may see it in its infancy. You may see it growing right now. But I tell you, people are not convinced about the urgency of the hour. I believe there's a song third Exodus sings the urgency of the hour. People are not convinced the urgency of the hour. They can see a pope come out of the United States. There's no urgency of the hour. They can see the bride coming into position. There's no urgency of the hour. They can see Trump moving as a key player where all the nations of the world. Even our president is probably talking to him right now. Amen. And if you heard his words, he's so he's so focused on what kind of a deal he can do as if his entire hopes rest on that. And if you know the history would never bow to the United States. They were always opposing them. They said that's one thing we will never do. Bow to the United States. And here he is today bowing to the United States. Praise the Lord. What did it their downfall? Touch not my anointed. You who bless Israel will be blessed. You who curse Israel will be cursed. Praise the Lord. But I'm so glad I'm living in an economy within an economy. Hallelujah. Amen. My economy is God's economy. Amen. My currency is not rand. My currency is faith. And I've got something to generate this kind. They print money. I've got something that generates faith. And faith cometh by the hearing of the word. So I become a faith millionaire. I become a faith billionaire by the word that's generating this faith in me. Amen. So go and tell everyone you're a millionaire. Tell everyone you're a billionaire. Hallelujah. Confuse them with your language. You're a faith Christian. You believe the word of God. Amen. So no matter where you are in this life, remember God has predestinated to be holy. Amen. So when God looks at you, even when you are feeling down and out, God is looking at you as holy. God is looking at you as blameless. Hallelujah. Now notice how we beat oursel up over our past. How we beat ourself up over our past. But here now he says the earnest expectation of the creature waited for the manifestation of the sons of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travail in pain together until now. Amen. And not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit. Even we ourselves grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to wit the redemption of our body. Hallelujah. These bodies are going to be changed. I'm asking you, are you ready for the translation? With all the signs that are around us, with all the signs that are around us, it's the end time. Amen. The gentile doors will still soon be closed. I'm asking you, are you ready for the return of the Lord Jesus Christ? I'm not talking about the 1963 coming. I'm asking you, are you ready for the return of the Lord Jesus Christ? Hallelujah. You see the response brother Sunny gave. Come quickly. That's found in Revelation 22. It says, "Even so, come Lord Jesus. Come quickly." Right? Can I tell you why? Why is that found in the end there? Amen. How many of you ready for some truth? You can find the scripture. Put it up. Amen. Praise the Lord. I want to pray. So, let's just get to this. Amen. In verse 17, Amen. It says, "The spirit and the bride." That's not two people because the spirit is in the bride. Hello. The spirit and the bride. You see the language is confusing because the father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hey, did he not say it'll be Christ in bride form? The spirit will be in the bride. Hallelujah. The spirit and the bride say come. This is Bible now. And let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will let him take of the water of life freely. Amen. Then let's drop to 20. He which testify these things saith, surely I come quickly. Amen. Now John says, "Amen. Even so come Lord Jesus." Now pay attention. He's answering something. Somebody is saying, "Behold, I come quickly." Okay, let me tie it for you. Genesis, he comes in the cool of the day to meet with Adam. And there's a Adam there always to receive him. But there comes a certain day when the one who is saying I come quickly is coming into the garden and Adam can't answer the same way when he says Adam where art thou I'm coming quickly. Adam is nowhere to be found. But when Adam is restored in the end time, oh, come on. God is showing you that in Genesis 3, man fell and he couldn't answer the call of God. Here, when man is fully redeemed and restored, there's a man on the earth who can answer the call of God. Amen. A redeemed man, a Adam man back on the earth, that can now answer father's voice and not say, "I heard your voice in the garden and I hid." Now he's saying, "I'm clothed." Come on. Now it's the end time. The father is saying, "Behold, I come quickly, Adam." And Adam on the earth is now saying, "Even so, come. I'm ready. I'm back in my original condition. I'm back in my original position. Amen. Because the spirit that my original spirit, go back to that verse. Amen. Hallelujah. 17. The original spirit which Adam lost is now back in her. Amen. Is now back in the people. Thank you, Lord. That's what's making her say come. Because the inheritance that she lost has come back. the spirit in the brain. Adam lost the Holy Ghost. Adam lost his original spirit. So now that the original spirit has come back into man, the word fully restored, this is how the book of Revelation ends with a call from God. One call in Genesis, he couldn't answer, but here when he's fully restored, he can answer the call. And he says, "Come, Lord Jesus." Amen. Let's stand together. Give God praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Glory be to his name. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. You know the scriptur is always written like that. Peace be unto you and grace. Amen. From the father and the lord Jesus Christ. Now people would think that's true but it's one. So he says the spirit and the bride are saying come. So the spirit becomes so united with you. You can't tell it apart. Praise the Lord. Glory be to his name. Let's sing and glorify his name. Let's sing that song. Even so come Lord Jesus come.
