################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-04-25 - King Ahas Part 31 Jezebel, Wrong Marriage, Make Up, Eye Paint, Nail, & Earring - Bro. Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2021-04-25
Title:    King Ahas Part 31 Jezebel, Wrong Marriage, Make Up, Eye Paint, Nail, & Earring - Bro. Stephen Shembo
Speaker:  Stephen Shembo
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aXsi2m_yvnY
========================================

Description:
We do not own the rights to the music.
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Above all power, followers, above all kings, [Music] above all nature and all created things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. You were here before the world began. [Music] Above all kingdoms, above all thrones, above all wonders the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your word crucified, laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone. Oh, like a road. Trembled on the ground. You took the fall [Music] and thought of me [Music] above all crucified. Hallelujah. Crucified and lay behind a stone. You live to die, rejected and alone. Oh, like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall. and thought of me above. Let's let's go to him this morning. Lord, what a wonderful song, Lord Jesus. It expresses exactly, Lord, what your plan was, Lord. Because you are above all kings, Lord, and powers and nature, and you are the wisdom, Lord. You're above all kingdoms and thrones, Lord Jesus, yet you sacrificed every bit of it, Lord, because you thought we were above that. Thank you, Lord Jesus. We can't thank you enough, Lord God, for that sacrifice that you made, Lord Jesus. We ask now, Lord God, that you would make your presence known among us this morning, Lord God. That you would vindicate the word, Lord, as it comes forth, Lord. Anoint our pastor, Lord, that nothing hinder the word from coming forth as you have planned, Lord Jesus. Lord, in all that is said and done, Lord, let us remember, Lord, that it won't do us any good, Lord, unless we have that Holy Spirit in us, Lord. Lord, I could use a refilling, Lord God. If there's someone here that doesn't know you that way, Lord God, they might know and remember everything brother Steven says, Lord, and that you have given him, Lord, but without that Holy Spirit, Lord, please come, Lord Jesus, and give of yourself as you have have need in our midst, Lord, this morning. Walk the aisles, Lord. Touch every spirit and every soul here, Lord. [Music] Let Satan depart, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ this morning. Nothing hinders you, Lord God. Have your perfect will, Lord Jesus. Let it lift, let us lift our voices to heaven and sing the songs of Zion and praise your name, Lord, this morning that we can create an atmosphere with which you are welcome. We believe you're here, Lord. We just want to make you feel welcome this morning. Come and have your way, Lord. We give you thanks with joy, Lord, in our heart that we can meet together once again in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen and amen. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. I don't have a long song service this morning. I want to give opportunity to anybody that may have a song on their heart that may be with us. Amen. So, if anybody has anything, y'all can start thinking about it as we sing our couple of three songs. Amen. Praise the Lord. We're going to stay in a G. [Music] Amen. If you're in the battle for the Lord and the right, you just keep on that firing line. And if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. You must keep on the firing line. There are many dangers that we all must face. And if we die of fighting, it is no disgrace. Coward in the service, he will find no place. So keep on that firing line. You must fight. Be brave against all evil and never ever run or even lag behind. If you would win for God, just keep on the firing line and God will only use a soldier he can trust. You must keep on that vir. [Music] And if you wear a crown, then bear the cross. You must you must keep on that firing line. Life is but to labor for the master, dear. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Great you'll be rewarded for your service here. So keep on that fiery line. You must fight, be brave against all evil and never ever run nor even lag behind. If you would find God in the right, you must keep on that firing line. And now when we get to heaven, brother, we'll all be glad. Keep on that firing line. I will praise the Savior for the call we've had. You just keep on the firing line when souls that we have helped to win. Leading them to Jesus from the path of sin. With the shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on that fiery line. You must fight. Be brave against all evils and never rip around nor even lag behind. If you would win for God and right, you just keep on the firing line. One more time. You must fight, be brave against all evil, and never ever run or even lag behind. If you would win for God and the right, you just keep on. [Music] Jesus, hold my hand. I need thee every hour. And through this pilgrim land, protect me by thy saving power. Here my people plead. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus. Hold my hand. And as I travel through this pilgrim land, there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sinking sand. It is the Christ of Calary. Now this would be my prayer, dear Lord. Each day you could help the best I can. For I need thy light to guide me. And oh blessed Jesus hold my hand. [Music] So Jesus hold my hand. I need thee every hour to this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power. Hear my people plead. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Now let me travel in the light divine that I may see thy blessed way. And keep me that I may be holy thine and sing redemption song someday. Now I will be a soldier brave and true and firmly take a stand. And as I onward meet that blessed Jesus hold my hand. So Jesus hold my hand. I need the every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power here. My people, oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I need you there. Oh blessed Jesus, hold my hand now. When I travel through the valley toward the city of the sun, you lead me safely to a land of rest if my crown of life have won. I have put my faith in thee, dear Lord, that I may reach the golden strength. Yes, there's no other friend on whom I can depend. No less than Jesus, hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. I need every hour through this pilgrim land. Protect me by thy saving power. Here my people flee. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I kneel in prayer, I know I'll meet you there. Oh, blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Just when I kneel and pray, I know I'll meet you there. [Applause] Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We need we need to go in there and change this to I know, not I hope. We know we'll meet him there, right? And uh put put uh put saving power right here, too, brother Abel. Thy saving power. Hallelujah. Y'all sound good this morning. I know. I know. Note to musicians F for that song, not a G. I'm about to strain my gizzard out up here singing that high. Just trying to run them together. I'm gonna have to lower something or do something. And I'm not sure about this. [Music] Let's go down to an F. Yeah, that sounds better. I'm going to sing this a little bit slow. We're not going to sing the whole song, but I heard it the other day while I was mowing some grass and uh and it just kind of stood out and I just thought, you know. So, let's sing this. Amen. What can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] What can make me whole again? [Music] Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus for my pardon. says, "I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Oh my cleansing. This my plea. Nothing but the blood of Jesus." Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jes. Let's drop down one verse there. This is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] This is all my rightousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jes. Let's try this last verse. Glory, glory. This I sing. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] All my praise. For this I bring. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. Sing it now. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other clown. I know nothing but the blood of Jes. Let's sing the chorus one more time. Hallelujah. Oh, precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other found I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Glory. Nothing but the blood. Amen. Does anybody have a praise report they'd like to give this morning? Yes, sir. Come on up. We'll let you give it on the microphone. Okay. Good morning, church. Um, I would like to give God the glory for helping me this year. I've been struggling with math, especially since it being virtual. It's been a lot like a lot harder and through the beginning of the year I kind of struggled and then when we took like the midterm test in the middle of the year I didn't I didn't do good at it on math at all. So um last quarter um I started bringing my grade my grade up. I did I was doing very well and about a week ago or I want to say a week ago I was in class and a teacher was telling us she said you know we're making failless and I was like failless you know so she said she said about 90% of everyone like in our grade was failing our classes and so I checked my grades and my teacher hasn't put my grades in so last night I took a test and like dur I was supposed to take the test Friday but I gave myself time I studied a little bit more for the test and I just I was praying very hard because I didn't want to fail the test because it's a important test so I talked to my parents and you know they told me you know to pray consecrate myself and don't let the the pressure get to me so I took the test and like this whole week I was studying for the test and I opened the test. I was like, "Huh?" It was like real simple. I was like, "No way." So, I I took the test, I kept taking it and when I I finished the test early and because she my teacher, she times our test and I usually don't finish on time, but this time I finished on time and I finished taking the test and it said I did real good on the test. I said I got some questions wrong, but I looked back on like uh it was like the paper where I took the test on. I looked back on it and had some typos on it. So, I told my teacher and then I checked my grade and I have like a awesome I have a A in the class and I was so happy. So, I [Applause] just wanted to give God the glory for, you know, pushing me through this year and helping me [Applause] Okay. Well, I have a 153 in my math class. That's good. That's good. 15. Good. Hallelujah. Glory. That's awesome. You know, a lot of people I mean, my kids are all out of school now, but I do try to remain conscious, you know, that our kids, they've been having it rough for the last year trying to do this at home. I mean, you know, I mean, we tried homeschooling ours, but we put their teacher on a screen, you know, and and had a like streaming uh the class and and uh and it's tough doing that because they, you know, you turn your back on them and they they watching cartoons or something, you know, got another tab up, you know. So, but that's great. That's awesome, brother. That's that's great. Anybody else have anything this morning? Yes, sir. Come on up, Brother Kimma. God bless you, church. Um, I just wanted to thank God for his healing power. Last week when brother Steven came up here um he started singing only believe and my back was just like somebody took a the hammer that brother um was destroying that church over there just whacked me in the back. What happened was that my job we I have an account. It's called Senior Solution. It's like meals on wheel. And so some days I'll do it by myself. Some days the guys they have this forklift. It'll come raise up and be right behind my truck. And they bring a pallet. So I bring the milk in six high stack six high. And I pull it, place it on the um on the pallet. And now I'm like up here off the ground. And this happened on Monday about two or three weeks ago. the guy on Friday. You see those um those equipments, you can kind of move the the forks. If you want to transport a smaller pallet, you move the forks in. And for the large pallet, you move them back. Well, whoever worked on that forklift on Friday forgot to move it back. And I was the first client. And so, my pallet was kind of huge. And so when he brought it up, he forgot to bring it back in. So I brought the first stack of milk, put it in the center, and when I was bringing the second one, it jerked. And it was the grace of God that I mean, I should have been on the ground. The milk should have been on the ground, but he the holy the the the angel kept that thing steady. But so I twisted my back a certain way and I didn't feel it right then. So Sunday when I took my flight back on Saturday from the funeral, got to the church, it just I I started feeling it and I came up here. I said, "Brother Stephen, I'm hurting pretty bad." So we prayed and when we left, didn't feel a single thing. We went out went out to eat. When I got home, it fired back up again to the point where I had to lay on the floor. My little daughter here, she had to come and stand to make it pop on my back. I was on the floor. It was hurting so bad. I did not sleep that night. And so I had to get up early in the morning. My wife was like, "You cannot go to work like this." And I'm a type of person I hate staying away from work. I can't call in. I never call in. I said, "I got to go." The back aching. She said, "You're not going." I said, "Honey, I got to go." No, you better call your manager and tell him you're not going. So, we fought it. I guess what? I went. As soon as I got there, the back stopped. Wow. Amen. It was lifted. I mean, I was walking like this. Couldn't even get off out the bed. I got there, it was gone. Gone. Completely gone. You talking about this church. God is moving in this. I want y'all to hear me real well on the internet. God is moving in this church. Let's get ourselves together. We will see the glory of almighty God among us. Amen. Wonderful. I'll call you back. Hallelujah. Glory. Anybody else got anything? Yes, sir. Brother Abel, I wasn't going to say it, but after he gave that testimony, I was like, "Okay, I got to say it." So, a couple weeks ago, I gave a testimony about my ankle when I sprained my ankle. It swelled up. It got purple and I uh was limping on it and I was like, "Devil is a liar." And I went about my life. Well, last week I rolled it off of like off of something. I rolled over and I fell flat on my face and I went to get up and I couldn't even walk on. I was like, "Oh man." Immediately it started to swell up again and the next day it was purple and swollen again to where I wouldn't even wear my shoe. I went to work in flip-flops and I was kind of limping on it and I was like, you know what, devil is a liar. I went to my car, I got my tennis shoes out, I put them on and I jog two miles and the next day nothing and today nothing. Great. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Well, I got one. The Lord gave me a suit. Okay, [Applause] that's all I'm going to say. And I I love it. I'm hot, but I love it. All right. Anybody got any prayer requests this morning? I got one I want to give, but I want um Brother Devin to tell his first. Um I want y'all to keep me in prayer because I think was Thursday morning. Um, I woke up, went to school virtually, then I took a nap in class cuz I don't know, I was just tired. Then I don't know. Um, I seen like I figured I thought it was my brother cuz he didn't go to work that morning. I thought he was coming in my room, but like it was like half of my face was covered by the blanket so I could I could I could see the body. So I came I seen him walking down the hallway and coming in my room and uh which I thought it was my brother but then I couldn't move. I was trying to speak to him see if it was my brother but like it was like I couldn't move my muscles or like I couldn't move anything. I I was trying to say something. The only thing I could move was my eyes and my lips. I was I was trying to move my mouth but the only thing I could move was my lips. I was trying to speak. Then I couldn't move and like it felt like a pressure was on me. Then I don't know like then I just snapped out of it. Then everything was gone again. I think it was a de demonic attack cuz it keeps on happening to me like this. People are telling me sleep paralysis and it just happened and it's normal. So I don't know what's happening. Uh so just keep me in prayer. Amen. Rebuke it. Okay. That happened to my wife when she when we got married. It was happening to her in Panama and I was stationed in North Dakota when we got married. It followed her to North Dakota. Uh she would sometimes find herself sleeping under the bed. When I I would have to leave our house for three days to work in the military. So she was there by herself. Didn't know anybody. Couldn't speak English. So she would find herself under the bed trying to find, you know, comfort from this thing. And uh I think I think it was there we started trying to, you know, get into church some. And she rebuked that thing and it has never followed her again. So throw the name of Jesus on him and see what happens. Okay. Praise the Lord. Um anybody else got anything? Yes, ma'am. What's her name? Cor McNair for surgery. Okay. So, Cora McNair, you said for surgery for her heart on Thursday. Okay. Wednesday. Okay. All right. Um, anybody else got anything? I start my new job tomorrow. I'm a little bit nervous about that, but I think I'll, you know, it's just the jitters because it's all new, but I am thankful that I have have a job as well. So, Brother Kimma, do you mind coming back up and praying over these things for us, please, sir? I've got a couple of announcements to make and then we'll Yes, sir. Brother Todd. Okay. Blockages. Is he going to have to go in for stance or anything? Okay. What's his last name? Do you know? Okay. God knows. Yeah. Okay. Let's let's just bow heads. Gracious heavenly father, has our precious brother uh Polycar preached one Wednesday night on Thanksgiving. Dear Jesus, how much that sermon touched me. You didn't even have to pray to multiply the bread. All you did was you gave thanks to Almighty God and the thanksgiving brought forth the miracle. Help us as a church to start giving you thanks. Dear Jesus, that you may move on the scene. Oh father, help us to raise our voices, oh God, to give you thanks. I give you thanks, Lord. Oh dear Jesus, thank you Lord for all that you have done. Sometime we ask, we ask but we never give you thanks. Help us as our Lord has showed us, Father, to be a a grateful people to be a people that return thanksgiving to you. And we shall see we we already are seeing the glory of God move among us. the glory of that shikina that your prophet spoke of. We see it here in our midst. Thank you, Lord. Thank you for your healing power. Thank you for your salvation. Thank you for all that you do for us, Lord. We we cannot say it's by our own might, by our own merit, but it's by your grace and your loving, tender mercy. And this morning, Father, we are coming again to raise our voices to you, Lord. You heard the request that went before you, our precious sisters, auntie. Lord, may you take her that surgery that's taking place before the doctors even touched their heart. We bind, oh father god, our faith together. As your prophet said, the third pole is here. May we see, oh father god, the third poe move among us before even the doctor's knife touch that heart. We believe you to be there, Father, to touch the heart, oh God, that thy heart may be made well, Lord. Our brother here who's been bothered by this demon, Father, we rebuke it in the name of Jesus Christ. You've given it power to your church, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. May that thing go back to hell in the name of Jesus Christ. Take the service now, Lord. continue to bless us, oh father, and all the other requests our brother Todd, oh God, may you go, oh father god, wherever he is, Lord, and may you unblock, oh father god, the blockages, Lord, who built the body, Lord Jesus, who created the body, the heart, if it's not you, Lord, oh God, if you can in Genesis, Lord God, 18, it is said there that you took dust from the earth, Lord, and You made three bodies. He only need a heart, Lord. May you grant it to him, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. Take the offerings now, the tithe. May you bless it, oh Father God, for your kingdom. Bless the giver, Lord God. And those that don't have, may you place something in their hand for you do love a cheerful giver. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. God bless you. Hallelujah. Um today will be the last day um that you can you know give your information about the COOD books. So, if there's anybody that um has not had an opportunity yet and um yeah, building fun day at the end of the service. Um I was, you know, like I mentioned earlier, I was cutting grass and I listened to Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir Pandora Station when I do that. And uh that song uh Psalm 34 came on. You know, it was one of the songs the one of the last songs we sang at the convention, the last convention that we had at the previous church. And uh it just breaks my heart when I hear the song because I want to sing it. I want to sing it with a group of people. So I want to ask, you know, I mean, we're we're preparing to move into a church and but we don't have to wait. we can try to get together and if there's anyone interested, that's what I'm asking. If you want to sing in a in a group, um, let's let's get together. Just let me know. And and it doesn't have to be that song, but that's a wonderful song. We don't we we don't even need a 30 people to sing it. We just, you know, just a few if you're interested. So, um, just want to get get that out there because there's some other songs that, you know, that I hear and it's just it's it's a little bit heartbreaking. Does anybody have a song this morning that we want to sing? We want to give opportunity before we turn brother Steven Loose. Come on up, Sister Victoria. And then we will probably go ahead and let our pastor preach this morning. Amen. God bless you. [Applause] Who am I that you are mindful of me? That you hear me when I call? And is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me? It's amazing. Who am I that you meet? That you hear me when I call? [Music] Is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me is amazing. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. And I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Who am I that you are mindful of me? That you hear me when I call. And is it true that you are thinking of me? [Applause] How you love me? It's amazing. It's amazing. And I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend and God Almighty. Lord of glory, you have called me friend. God almighty, Lord of glory, you have called me friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. You call me friend. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. [Music] Hallelujah. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. Hallelujah. Woo! Hallelujah. Brother Stephen, Brother Devin has a song on his heart. Is that okay, sir? We got time. Come on up, brother. Praise the Lord. Amen. Um, C, maybe. I'm not sure. I'm not sure [Music] when the music fades all that stripped away and I simply come [Music] longing just to bring something that's worth that will bless your heart. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song in itself is not what you have required. [Music] You search much deeper within through the way things appear. You're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made it. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. King of endless worth. No one could express how much you deserve. [Music] Though I'm weak and bored and all I have is yours. Every single breath. [Music] I'll bring you more than a song. For a song itself is not what you have required. You search much deeper. If through the way things are, you're looking into my heart. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I've made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. When it's all about you, it's all about you, Jesus. give back to the heart I made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I made it. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's all about you, Lord. It's all about you. It's all about me. It's all about you, Lord. It's all about you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All about you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When can we get that in our heads? It's not about us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's sing Only Believe again this morning. [Music] We got others here who have God-given talents to sing and maybe to play other instruments and they're not using them. Let's pray for them. I'm not calling any names. I believe that everybody knows what gift they have. And it might not be singing and it might not be playing an instrument. It may be speaking in tonesues. It may be interpreting tongues. It may be other gifts. Even preaching whatever. Ask God to cultivate that. It's unprofitable to put it in the backyard and bury it. It's for the glory of him. It's all about him. Amen. Let's have a seat. Now, this is important. We have to believe that right? That's right. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] All we believe, all things are possible when all me. Lord, I believe it. Lord, I believe. Amen. Lord, I believe. All things are possible, Lord. I believe Lord. I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I one more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. That's exactly right. Jesus is here. All things are impossible. Oh, Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Yes, Lord. Jesus is king. All things are possible. Jesus is. Amen. You believe he's here this morning. Hallelujah. We thank you Lord. We thank you for your presence and we thank you for your anointing this morning. Thank you musician. That will be all about the music. God richly bless you and it's good to see everybody this morning. Those that are present here and those online. I believe we got some family members. Brother Gautier from Atlanta. I seen you and your wife. You're welcome. Amen. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I believe we will be taking the building fund offering today if I'm not mistaken at the end of the service. Trustees handle that. The next house meeting will be on May 22nd. I already received questions coming up. You're talking about question. Somebody drop a question about the baptism being baptized in the word or in the body of the Lord. I'm trying to get the question pretty good. So if you can, you didn't write your name, so I don't know how to talk to you. So if you write your name, I will go and ask you to give me more clarification about the question. So if you put it about being baptized into the body in the word. So just go ahead and rewrite it for me so I know exactly just trying to catch your mind and make sure we address it appropriately. Amen. But it's wonderful the question that is coming up. It's telling me that people mind are now sucked into the word. Amen. You're thinking more about what about this, what about this, what about this. That's how you grow and we want to grow. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. At the end of the service, Sister Lorel and the deacon will be talking to the sisters for 15 minutes. Just 15 minute of fellowship. All the sisters is no exception. Nobody excluded. We have family church here. Amen. Everybody's in there. Sister Lurel is more specialized on the cooking. So what I learned according to brother Brandham, when you see a talent into somebody, just pass the ball and let them score. It's for the entire team. Amen. So when it comes to cooking and everything, I don't want to put a burden on the whole church. So we put more weight on sister L'Oreal because of that specialty. She does the big bulk of it, the body of it. Then you can bring on the little dessert back and forth. So you got more relaxed at home and then the church take care of it and then we move forward. Amen. But we don't want to put too much on her because we in the body. We don't want to burn her up completely. So we want to share the burden a little bit to all the sisters. Even if you 15 years old, you can share the burden. Amen. We want every family to participate onto this. Amen. Sister Lurel will be doing the big cooking, but to p to participate as far as showing what to do, handling the stuff, putting stuff appropriately. So, some people rest and some people are rotating, some people are resting, some people are rotating. So, it might take you a month before you come back. So, you might take a month going there and being relaxed before somebody else take over. So, if we do it once a month, it might take you maybe three months before you even come back. Amen. So it's not going to be something that is going to be heavy. It's just we want to share the burden. We want everybody to participate. We don't want a certain group only participating and other feels like they are not part of it. Or I don't feel like I need to do anything. They never ask me. No, we want to open that door. If you have a talent, bring it. If you can be a blessing, do it. If you can uh support the church every way you want to cook something that we don't know that is a specialty for your home come and bring it. Amen. So you feel like everybody has been given opportunity to participate. Everybody clear so far? So that is under the deacon because it's spiritual question and answer and it involve food. Anything that is spiritual anything that goes with food goes under the deacon. That's why the two deacon will be there where you're talking to. So the head is the deacon. Amen. So sister Lurel is just there to kind of help on the food and everybody else is welcome to bring your thought, bring your idea, share with sister Lorel and call her. You know her numbers. I don't have to give it to you here. So you know what to do, sister. I'm off from there. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So remember that. Only 15 minute and everything should be okay. Everybody clear so far? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's go to our sermon. Exodus chapter 34. How many listen to the sermon on Wednesday? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Because on Wednesday, we touched the prostitute on a spiritual level. Amen. We went through every characteristic that I can I can get on a prostitute on a spiritual level. I wanted to put a foundation spiritually, then we come back on the black dog naturally. Amen. So what you see spiritual is going to be manifested on the natural. Everybody clear so far? So if somebody is sleeping, I hate to be saying this, if you're sleepy, sit on the back, stand there, we will be okay. Amen. Because sometime it's like it's contagious. It start from one person. If you start yawning and the next person start yawning. So we don't want that. If you're sleeping, just go ahead there. Don't contaminate somebody. We want people to stay awake. I'm giving scripture and quote because I don't want you to be in the air. Amen. I don't want this church to be in the air and say in the message we just do see this. In the message we just don't wear uh makeup. No. No. I don't want you to ask like that. I want you to say, "I do not wear makeup because I see it in the scripture and I see where brother Brandham say it." Period. Amen. Not just in the message, we don't do this. We don't wear a pant because we in the message. No. No. I do not wear a pen because the Bible says and brother Brandham says that's it. No more in the air. Amen. No more I'm just doing this because mama told me to do it. No. Every scripture, hearing scripture, whatever. High heel scripture. This scripture. This scripture. This scripture. This scripture. So when you fight, you don't talk to people. My pastor say if somebody say why do you do this? You say take your Bible. Open here. Open here. Open here. Open here. And you back off. When they say what? So who how do you know this? Then you pull Malachi 4. Amen. Amen. Then you pull Malachi 4. Then you tell them God send a prophet. Now it's a different story. Amen. Remember, put the scripture first. He catches it. When he comes back, he say, "Where do you get all this stuff?" Then Malachi 4 comes up because when he comes, he can slay the prophet of Ba. Exodus 34. Amen. You got me going. I will be checking on the time. Exodus 34:E14. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Remember in the book of Proverb, my son, you need to be connected to wisdom. Amen. It's a man connected to Christ. Christ, the wisdom of God, into marriage, into the bride of Jesus Christ. Then you are baptized into that body and you become part of uh part of the bride. Then that will protect you from a strange woman. Amen. Exodus 34:14. For you shall worship no other god. For the Lord whose name is who? You see how your God is. He doesn't want anybody to touch you. He doesn't want no preacher to touch you. He doesn't want no pastor to touch you. Amen. He want only himself. He can't share his bride with somebody else. Amen. Yes. He can't share his bride with anybody else. Your God is jealous. Amen. He can turn the whole world upside down if you touch to his brother. Amen. Amen. I hope ministers understand that. Hallelujah. He say whose name is jealous is a jealous God. Hallelujah. Amen. Unless you make a covenant with the inhabitant of the land. You might be seated. God does not want you to make a covenant with the inhabitant of the land that are not part of your country. God is talking to Israel. He say you are Israel. I'm taking you to the promised land. When you get to the promised land, I don't want you to interact with the people in the promised land. And matter of fact, we already know that the people in the promised land came from the lineage of the serpent. It was the serpent lineage that went there and sat there. In other words, I don't want a repetition of what happened in Eden. Because in Eden, it was the serpent going to the woman. Then I separated them together. I say my lineage will stay in the land of Eden. And then I'm going to take the other lineage to the land of Nod. Then in Genesis 6, the daughter uh the sons of God begin to go back again to the land of Nod and begin to go to the lineage of K and begin to get married to those lineage to the women from the can lineage. And that's where Ham got his wife. That's right. Okay. That's why that's where Ham got his wife. That's why his wife committed adultery and pulled the serpent seed and crossed the ark. Amen. Hallelujah. Unless you make a covenant with the inhabitant of the land and they go a waring after their water, it's not going to be you who's going to go after their God first. It's going to be them going to their god. Watch carefully. Amen. Going after their god and do sacrifice to their god. And what and one called you and you eat of his what? Sacrifice. In other word, it's not going to be you. You getting married to them, they're fine. But they're going to tell you, you know what? I have a god. And before you know it, when they go worship their god, you're going to be invited. So the devil work with you slowly before you find yourself into idolatry without knowing what is going on. Amen. Verse 16. And that take of their water. God does not talk about the women here. He's talking about the son, the sons of God. Remember in Proverbs 7, the sons of God taking the daughter of men. Amen. Genesis 6. Now then verse 16 and that take off the daughters of the daughters their daughters to your son and their daughter go worrying after their what? So those daughter of the land those daughter which are the lineage of Cain which are which are Canaanite have a strong connection with their gods. In other word, they have a relationship with their God. Amen. Just like you need a relationship with Christ, they also have a relationship with their God or their religion. So what God is saying, if you take a daughter of the world and you bring it into Israel, that daughter of the world still have a relationship with the God of the world. Make sense so far? And if you do that, they have an impact on your sons. Amen. And go a waring after their gods. Come on. And make your sons, you see that? Yeah. go a waring after the what? After their God. They didn't say here that their daughter will follow you. That's right. Do you understand young people? The women of the world will not follow you. They want you to go over there. I seen young men backsleading in the message, going outside, pulling the women and bringing them up. Before you know it, you will see that woman have a tendency to go back. Amen. You thought you going to change them. Let's go to Deuteronomy chapter 7. Remember the daughter of Canaan. God doesn't want any relationship because they are connected to their gods. Their gods are pagan gods. Pagan gods. Hidden gods. Yes sir. Anybody clear? He's God. Pagan's god. And God is telling you that they are closely tight with their religion. So don't think you're going to bring them to Israel. They actually have power by the scripture to take you away from God. By the scripture because the scripture cannot be broken. Deuteronomy, you need to understand the laws of God. You don't put yourself in trouble and you say, "I know I have the Holy Ghost." No. the laws of God will kick in and you're going to find yourself in adultery. Amen. Don't presume too much. Your fortification is behind the word. If you stay behind the word, then God back you up. You don't go outside the word and then expect the angel to back you up. Hallelujah. Deuteronomy chapter 7 verse one. When the Lord your God shall bring you into the land when you go to possess it and has cast out many nation before you, God is going to kill them. That's a prayer answer. Brother Jimmy, I pray for you last night. I say, "I want to see you in church." And here he is in the church. Amen. I was praying last night. I prayed. I pray and he came in my mind. I pray. I say God if he can come to church and here he is this morning. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Thank you Jesus. And he said, "And when the Lord your God shall bring you into the land when you go to possess it, and has cast out many nation before you, the Hitat, you know that lineage, and the Gegoshat, you know where they come from. And the Amorite and the Canaanite, you see that? and the Perizzat and the Havite and the Jebusite, seven nation greater and mightier than you. And when the Lord your God shall deliver them before you, you shall smite them. God want you to kill them. Why? And utterly destroy them. I don't want anything to be done with them. Amen. You shall make no what? No covenant with them. No show what? Don't show mercy to the God of this world. He won't show you mercy when he get a hold of you. If he get a hold of you, he's going to slay you. That's right. Don't show mercy. No corporation to them. Verse three. Neither shall you make what? Marriages. Marriages. Young people, marriages, don't bring me one and say, "Brother Steven, I need to get married." No. You're going to find another pastor. Clear? Did you hear me? Did you hear me? Did you hear me? You're going to find another pastor. Play too much. Neither shall you make marriages with them. Your daughter you shall not give to what? His son. Now you young sister, you don't go out. Everybody clear? Nor his daughter shall you take to your son. It looks like both ways, but watch where God is insisting. Not too much on the women. Watch where he's insisting because there is a power in the woman to pull the man. Okay? There is a power in a woman to pull the man. That's why the scripture say by your life you can convert a husband that is not Christian because there is a channel in a woman that can pull a man. That just drop fresh. Amen. That's why he's insisting on the man going after women. Watch again verse four. For they will turn away your daughters. Why he's insisting on the son? They will turn away your son from following who? They have a power to remove religion away from you. Amen. That they may serve other water. Not only did they stop your relationship with God, they don't stop there. Once they cut off your relationship with God, they're going to take you to worship their God. You want to get married, you need to pray. Amen. Amen. That they may serve other God, so will the anger of the Lord be kindled against you and destroy you. How? This is what Bellam did. Just being the woman pull Israel and the fire struck Israel. Everybody clear? Go to Deuteronomy 17:17. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I will try to push. I have two stops. I will go all the way to the first stop and see if I have time. If I have time, then I drive to the high heels. Deuteronomy 17:17. Everybody there? God is giving the criteria to a king in Israel. You can read this at your own at home, but I just want to get something here. This is God talking about a king. Deuteronomy 17:17. You know what? Let me give it to you. I don't want to take that time. Let's go. 15. You shall in any way set him king. Go to 14. When you are come to the land which the Lord your God gives you. I I run away from this because he's going to open a channel right there. But I will try to stay away. When you come, you are come to the land which the Lord your God gives you, and shall possess it, and shall dwell therein, and shall say, I will set a king over me, like as all the nation that are about me. That question pop up now. That's why I was running away from it because you're going to say, why did God was mad at Samuel over there when Israel requested this? There is a key mystery hidden there. I can't get into it. I was trying to run away from it. Amen. You shall in any wise set him king over you whom the Lord your God shall choose. Everybody clear? One from among your brethren shall you set king over you. So when they came to Samuel, it looks like they have a backup scripture. And God was mad at them. How can God be mad you bringing him the scripture? You see the channel? It is written, the devil bringing it. Amen. You may not set a stranger over you which is not your brother. Verse 16. But this is the king. He shall not multiply horses to himself, nor cause the people to return to Egypt to the end that he should multiply horses. For as much as the Lord has said to you, you shall hereafter return no more that way. When you go, you burn bridges. You don't go back that way. 17 is the key. Now, neither shall he multiply what? This is a king, a man do not multiply women. Why? Neither shall he multiply wife to himself that his water turn not water. The women still have the power to even take a king of Israel and turn his heart away from God. You see defenses, you see wisdom. Protect yourself behind the word. Amen. Neither shall uh that his heart turn not away. Neither shall he greatly multiply himself silver and what? Gold. Everybody clear so far? No marriage with the Canaan nothing. Everybody clear? Let's go now to one more. Then the other one I'm going to give it to you on the pulpit on our screen. When we put the screen, if you would online sometime you put double screen, put a single bigger one so they can see or somebody after church goes to review the sermon, they can follow the quotes and everything. If you would please. First Kings chapter 11. Everybody clear? Verse one. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. But King Solomon love many water many water. You remember in the book of proverb Solomon keeps saying wisdom will protect you from a what? A strange woman. These women are strange. They are foreigner. They are not part of you. They have their own religion. Amen. King Solomon loved many strange women together with the daughter of Pharaoh. Stranger, women of the Moabites. You see, Ammonite, Edidomite, Zadonian. Remember that one. Keep in mind Zidonian. You're going to see where Jezebel came from. Okay, somebody caught it. And heat of the nation concerning which the Lord said to the children of Israel, you shall not go into them, neither shall they come into you, for surely they will do what? Turn away your water. After the water, what do you expect to happen to Solomon? What do you think? It's the law. It's going to happen. Amen. Solomon clung to these who love in love. I love her so much. And he had 700 wives. They say don't multiply. He multiply. Don't go after them. He went after them. Amen. 700 wives, princesses, and 300 concuban. and his wife turned away his water, the law kick him. For it came to pass when Solomon was old that his wife turned away his heart after and we and his heart was not perfect with the Lord his God, as was the heart of David his father. For Solomon went after Asharov, the goddess of the Zidonians. and after Malcolm the abomination of the Ammonites. And Solomon did evil in the sight of the Lord and went not fully after the Lord as did David his father. Then did Solomon built a high place for Kimosh. Not only did he worship, he begin even to erect the temple for for God. The same men that built the temple of God now begin to build the temple of devils because of women. What power was in these women to maneuver a child of God? Lord, give me time. Amen. And Solomon did did uh verse 7. Then did Solomon build a high place for Kimosh, the abomination of Moab, in the hill that is before Jerusalem, and for Molech the abomination of the children of what? Ammon. And likewise did he for all his what? Strange wives which burn incense and sacrifice to their water. If he have 300 700 strange wives, how many altar did Solomon build? He built 700 churches for the God of the hidden because God you don't play with him. When he say do not touch the tree, don't touch the tree. 2 Corinthians chapter 6:14, "Be ye not an iniquity together with who?" These women do not believe the the God of Israel. They are unbelievers. Everybody clear for what fellowship? This relationship, this marriages brings fellowship. Make sense? What fellowship has righteousness with what? On this side is righteousness. Everybody clear? This is our righteousness. Clear? And what communion? These marriages bring you into communion. What communion has light with? What? Light is on this side because God is the light of Israel. This one is darkness. Remember Wednesday. And what conquered this marriage bring you in conquered? You got blend. And what conquered has crushed with who on this side is crushed. The wisdom of God with fear bion wickedness. Everybody clear? And what agreement? A marriage is an agreement. What agreement has the water. These sons of God are temples of God. If they are temple of God, who are these women? No. And what agreement has the temple of God with? Who? These women are adults made flesh. You seen them that they are human beings. You think they are human just like you. They actually the adult made flesh because you are the temple of God. Yes sir. They are adults. So when you get in agreement with them, you are already joining to idolatry. That's right. That's right. For ye are the temple of the living God. That's you. As God has said, I will dwell in them and walk in them, and I will be their God, and they shall be my people. Wherefore come out from among them and be ye water. I don't like this kind of marriages. Amen. Say the Lord. And touch not the water. These women are unclean. They are prostitute. The well is not a running well of water because a running well of water is self-cleansing. Amen. and touch not the unclean thing and I will receive you and I will be a father unto you and ye shall be my sons and what daughters say the lord almighty let's pray heavenly father lord we thank you again for your grace your love your mercy father and for everything you have been doing for us lord we have done what every man here might do s lord but father to come interpret the word and bless your children. That is an action of the supernatural work of the Holy Spirit. Lord, may you move me completely out of the way. May you come and speak to your children, Father. May you touch those that have sickness in their body. May you heal them. May you break every spirit of resentment, every spirit of rebellion, every spirit of unbelief, every demonic spirit that will try to block the reception of this word in the heart of your children. Father, may the devil and his army be completely sealed out. And may only the Holy Spirit, Lord, be shut in with your children this morning. We commit it all unto the hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Let's go to part 31. Amen. On Wednesday, we talk about this prostitute. We got here from Revelation 17 and from Revelation 18. On Revelation 17, if you recall, John was taken or carried away in the spirit. In other words, it was the spiritual aspect of this woman. Then when we went in Revelation 18, we found that same woman in a natural version of her. Amen. But in the natural version of her, she had fine linen which is a form of godliness. When we went to chase after this woman, her name was a mystery. And through the prophet, because a mystery required the teaching of the spirit, brother Brham unfolded to us. And we demonstrated this on Wednesday by the quote and the scripture that the name of the woman was Jezebel. And by Jezebel, she was the great Babylon or the woman that is bringing the Babylonian Empire back again into existence. That empire that started with Nimrod was again revived in the end time by this woman. Everybody clear? And that woman according to revelation 17 is a church which we know clearly that that church have seven foundation just like the bride have seven pillars. She have seven also mountain and she sit on seven mountain. And we found out on Wednesday that the city that have seven mountain was the Vatican which is Rome talking about the Catholic church and the pope. Everybody clear so far? Now the key spiritually about this woman is this. Brother Brham says in the message the revelation of Jesus Christ. He said take the holy scripture and see if there was anybody in the Bible ever baptized using those title name father son and holy ghost. It denotes three gods. In other word here you here here you Israel the lord your god is one god. Now this is bringing three gods. Brother Brandham say it is for a pagan ceremony. Remember these women are pagans. Everybody clear? And Catholicism is nothing else in the world but a pagan form of water. So the whole in revelation 17. Jezebel is a woman that makes paganism. Everybody clear? Which we call hiddenism, which we call the life of unbelievers plus Christianity. Everybody clear? She won't kick Christianity completely away from you. Amen. Solomon, you will continue to go in the temple of your God, but you will also worship other God. She blends them together. Everybody clear? Yet God want you to kick completely Babylon out of your life. Catholicism means nothing else in the world but a pagan form of Christianity. And from the Catholic Church came Martin Luther and John Wesley Baptist Presbyterian and so forth. Those are the harlot which is the daughter of the prostitute. Everybody clear so far? Now the historian says that all evidence that Jesus was born in the month of April when all other life comes forth but they have changed it back to the 25th day of December. We already clear Christmas five days after after the pagan god so they could put their ceremony how it is still a mixing of the pagan custom the pagan lifestyle the pagan worship form of worship mixed together with Christianity. Brother Brandham say paganism and Christianity and c and catholicism is nothing in the world but a bunch of what? Pagan superstition and what? Christianity of cast. In other words, the stuff that you already abandon in your life. The stuff that was from your old worldly life. Catholicism have a power to bring that in your religion and mix it with paganism. Everybody clear? Put it together. That's right. That's true. And the Protestant the daughter that knock to it is just exactly the daughter of the mother prostitute. That is exactly the key. I want you to remember here. Jezebel in the spiritual mix paganism with Christianity. Everybody clear so far? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Since we checked the spiritual aspect on Wednesday, let's go now into the natural aspect. And the reason why we do this is for this. Everything in the natural taps the water. So what you see people doing in the natural, it is nothing else but a reflection of the spiritual. Everybody clear? Are you aware of that? Everything in the natural taps the spiritual regardless anything. Amen. You just watch the way the women act and it shall show you where the church is. The women morals is in Laia in the world. How brother Brandham say physically the morale of the women not in the spiritual in the physical in the natural aspect. It is nothing else but in the world in the cosmos which we already explained to you that the fashion of the world. Everybody clear? And that morale physically it brings the women to be howaked naked miserable blind and don't know it. Amen. The people the women of the world and the church is in the same stage. Watch the natural tap the spiritual right through each time. Everybody clear so far? So, as we getting into the natural, let's go back to Proverb 7. Everybody clear so far? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Proverb chapter 7. If you dare, you can say amen. Hallelujah. Verse one. My son, the sons of God. Again, clear. Keep my word and lay up my commandments with you. Keep my commandments and live and my law as the apple of your eyes. Bind them upon your fingers. Write them upon the table of your heart. Say to wisdom, you are my sister. We already explained you this. And call understanding your king's woman. Get in the bride. Everybody clear? Amen. Why? That day may keep you from a what? Strange. These women that Solomon went after them were strange women. Get into Christ is going to protect you from worldly women. Everybody clear that they may keep you from strange women, from the stranger which flareth with her words. The Catholic Church does the same thing. I can prove it to you in the book of Daniel. If you need that scripture, you see me. Now watch verse six. Now for at the window of my house I look through my caveman and I beheld among the simple one. The naive. Amen. Among the naive one. I discern among the who? The youth. A what? A young man. A son of God. a young man, a son of God, a youth, but that youth is naive. He have not been exposed to the world. He have not tested the world. He have not tested sex. He doesn't know anything about it. He's blind. He's naive. I watch among the and among the naive, there were many youth But among the youth, one of them draw the attention of Solomon. What is wrong with this youth? Amen. I beheld among the naive, the simple one. I discern among the youths a young man void of what? A young man without the proper protection. A young man without Christ. a young man without the proper equipment to handle life. And because of lack of that equipment, what happened to this young man? Everybody clear? Remember on Wednesday the prostitute is calling and the bride also is calling. Everybody clear? Remember the prostitute sit on the way and the bride also sit over there and everybody's calling. Wisdom is calling her children and the prostitute also is calling her children. But they found out that among those youth, one of them did not have Christ. And by lacking Christ, something attracted him to a prostitute. Everybody clear? Verse eight, passing through the street near her corner. So she already in the path of this woman. And he went the way to her house because there is no protection, no blockage. In the twilight, in the night, this is when it happened. Even though you don't go in downtown, you can do it on your computer. Everybody clear? In the night, in the evening, in the black, in the dark night, brother Brandham say at 2:00 a.m., that's why the activity of devils are in the top. Young people, at 2 a.m., shut your computer. Amen. Amen. Young people, at 2:00 a.m., shut your computer. Glory to God. Hallelujah. In the twilight, in the evening, in the black, and the dark night, and behold, there met him a water with the water. The word attire means the clothing. This woman is a holot but naturally she's portraying something. She have a message different than the message of the lamb. Remember when God clothe Adam and Eve, he clothed them with a lamb skinin. But this woman have a different attire and her garment or her clothing is a clothing of a whole lot. So by just the look you can tell this is not a good woman. Everybody clear? With the attire of a harlot and a saddle of heart. The heart is the heart of Satan, the heart of Jezebel. But the attire, the natural way this woman present herself is inappropriate. Everybody clear? 1 Thessalonians 5:22. Abstand from all appearance of what? So when you see a woman that is bringing a bad appearance, you don't have to think twice. You don't have to look twice. You need to turn around and run away. Abstand from all appearance of evil and the very God of peace sanctify you holy. And I pray God your whole what? Spirit. Spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless unto the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. Everybody clear so far? So the appearance, the natural look, not the spiritual. The natural look of this woman is a harlot because the the anointing upon the churches is the anointing of a harlot of Jezebel. So the women of the world being under the great prostitute that sits under many waters, under many people are going to be reflecting that anointing of prostitution. Everybody clear so far? Amen. There are three major keys naturally speaking with this woman Jezebel. The first key is that the induction or the interest of Jezebel into Israel is through a forbidden marriage. Do you follow me? God say, "I don't want my children to get married with strange women." Amen. But for some reason, Jezebel enter into Israel being a strange woman. What is going on, brother Stephen? The first and the very important things thing that we learn about Jezebel is that she is not a daughter of what? Any woman that is not part of your church, part of the bride, part of Christ, is considered a strange woman. Hallelujah. Nor is her induction, her entrance into the tribe of Israel one of the spiritual admission as as was that of who? Ruth de Moab. So, brother Brham is saying that the entrance of Jezebel into Israel is different than the entrance of Rof. Yet Rof was also a stranger. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. In the book of Ruth, chapter 1 verse 14, the Bible says, "And they Rof and Opa lift up their voice and wept again. And Opa kissed her mother-in-law, but Rof did what? Cleave unto her." One kissed goodbye and left. One cleave unto her. What does he mean? And she said, "Behold, this is Naomi. That sister-in-law is gone back unto her what?" Do you follow me? Who are the people of Orpa? The Moabitete. And unto her what? So the rejection of Orpa from following Naomi has a meaning. Oppa loved the God of Moab. That's right. Are you following me? And O love the people of Moab. Oppa love the gods of Moab. And O love the people of Moab. There was a strong spiritual relationship between Oah and her God. Oah and her nation. Opa was under the national spirit of Moab which was a demon. Do you follow me? Praise be the name of the Lord. Return there after that sister. In other words, follow her. You want me to explain you what she did? She's not just going back because she love her father. No, she love her God and she knows the way I'm going, we're going to worship a different God. and she didn't want to be part of that. Amen. She could be my my daughter-in-law as long as we stay in Moab. And she killed and my children got killed in Moab. Now I'm training her. If you truly love me, let's go all the way. She said, "Huh, I will be a part of your family. Only Naomi, if you stay in Moab, if you move from Moab, I am not going to move with you." Amen. Everybody clear? Return thy sister-in-law, and Ruth say, entreat me not to leave thee. Oh, return from following after thee. Are you ready? For whether thou goest, I will do what? Where was Naomi going? In other words, I am willing to go to Israel. Amen. Yes, sir. Come on. Everybody clear? And where thou do what? Not only do I want to go where you are going, but I want to go there and be a resident of Israel. Amen. In other words, Rof is cleaning up her life completely. Rof is rejecting Moab by her confession. Do you follow me? Is it clear so far? So I am where you go, I will go. In other words, I am renouncing Moab. Do you follow me? I am renouncing my resident as my citizenship as a Moabitete. I want to get a citizenship of Israel. Read between the line. Come our Lord th I want to also I don't want to just go and get into Israel and be a resident of Israel but I want to be part of the people of Israel. I want to blend into your people. I want to learn their lifestyle. I want to behave like them. I want to be one of them. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The people will be my people. Come. You ready for the next one? You ready for the next one? And thy what? Will be what? I am refusing all the gods of Moab. And I'm going to take Jehovah as my God. That's the way a woman enter into Israel. Are you there? If somebody is in the world, they must become they must repent. They must be baptized. They must clean up all of the worldly habit. All of the denomination habit. Clean up everything. Accept the God of the prophet William Marion brother. Hallelujah. Then they become part of you. And the God of William Bion Brham, his name is who? The Lord Jesus Christ. Did you finish? No. Let's continue. Ruth, where the do don't even bury me back over there. [Music] Are you there? This is a Moabitete. When Jacob was taken into Egypt, before Jacob died, he said, "Don't bury me here. Take my bones to the promised land." When Joseph was about to die, he said, "Take my casket to the promised land." Who gave her a revelation to be buried in the promised land because the resurrection will happen in the promised land? I want to be part of the resurrection. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. I want to be part of the rapture. I don't just want to go in Israel and lodge in Israel. Accept your people. I accept your God. I accept the quickening power. I want to be part of that rapture. Hallelujah. Where that dest will die. And there will be what? bury in the promised land with Abraham. So when you pull Abraham, I'm also coming. Hallelujah. And the Lord do so to me. And more also if ought but death part the me when she saw when she saw that she was steadfastly minded. This was not a pleasant word. This was coming from the heart. Amen. She really mean it to go with her. Then she left speaking unto her. In other words, that's it. Let's go over. You know what happened to Ruth, right? So coming back again, Jezebel her induction into the tribe of Israel into the tribe of Israel. One one of spiritual admission was that of Ruth the Moabites. No sir, this woman was the daughter of Eshbah. King of Sodom. First Kings 16:31 who was the priest unto Austertity. He had gained the throne that is his father by murdering his predecessor Phelis. So we see right away that she was the daughter of a what? Does he click? Jesus look at the Pharisee. He said you are of your father the who? He was a murderer from the beginning. She was a daughter of a murderer. This certainly remind us of what? In other words that anointing of the canite women. That's the anointing on Jezebel. That's the anointing on women that are on the world in the world. Everybody following me? And the way she became part of Israel was not through the spiritual channel that God had ordained for gentile admission, but she came in by what? Forbidden marriage. And add to Ahab, the king of the how many tribes? 10 tribes. Number 10 is a good number. It's a bad number. Brother Brham say when the tribe were 10, they were conno. So she went to the corner part of Israel to the brother that are backsliding to the brothers that got conno to the young people that are sucked into the world. That's where that anointing is moving. The 10 tribe of Israel. Now this union as we have seen was not spiritual. It was political. And so this woman who was steep in what? The love of their gods did not have the least desire to become a worshshiper of one true God. They don't want it. Solomon, you want to marry me? I will give you what you want, but keep my temple in Israel. Everybody clear? But rather she came with the avow intention. Brother Kelly, of turning Israel away from the water. When you get married to them, they will remove you from the message. When a preacher got married to them, they will remove that preacher from the message. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother says, "These sons of God was the sons of Seth, the lineage of of uh of Adam. So the daughters of the Canaanite, the Caines that they were what? Beautiful." Because the sons of Seth came was the son of Adam who was the son of God. But the son, the daughters of Cain, who was the son of who? Satan. Now notice they noticed just at the end before the anti-olivian destruction that the daughters of the canat were what? Pretty and what there was something about these women that they are different than the women of Israel. They are different than the women of the lineage of Adam. There is something about these women that makes them beautiful. There is something in these women that makes them attractive. There is something these women do to make them look fair. Hallelujah. Now Jesus saying as he was in the days of Noah so shall I be in the so shall he be in the coming of the son of man. Women how? What makes them attractive? What kind of women? Canaanite. See taking the sons of God. Sons of God taking the cana to praise the name of the Lord. What is wrong with a canite woman? You ready? Okay. Now, what a difference in this day. In this day of conception, instead of him being her ruler, you follow me? When you are clinging to the women of the world, she's going to take the leadership of your home. Do you follow me? You now going to be the head of the house. She will be the one to rule your house because Jezebel was the one ruling the house of Ahab and ruling the nation of Israel together. Yes, sir. It's in the natural now. Amen. She has become his what? Paul say that they are what? Why you are what? Do you follow me? You are temple of God. But Paul didn't say that they are temple of Satan. Paul says that they are ador. You're going to worship a woman. You're going to worship the woman. Are you following me? Yes, sir. How are they though? Lord, father help me. She rules him. Sure. She rules him. Now you can probably well understand what I have been hitting it by her what? Come on. And her what? And by what this beauty face? You follow me? The face this form the rest of the body. Amen. By her beauty, by her sex control, her shape that was given to her by who? So these women are going to control you by their beauty. They're going to control you by the sex control. Because as a daughter of Adam, as a as a son of Adam, as a son of Israel, you are not equipped enough to handle a worldly woman. Amen. You are not experienced in sex enough to know how to satisfy a woman in the world. I am talking to this church. Leave me alone. Amen. Are you there? She's controlling by her beauty, by her sex, and by the form. If you ask a young man, why do you love that woman? Why do you love that woman? It is not because of her character. You fell either for beauty or you fell because of a shape that look like a Coca-Cola bon or you fell because of a sexual desire, but you are not equipped enough to handle her. You are not sufficiently equipped enough to handle her young lady. You are not sufficient enough to handle a man that smoke marijuana and that smoke whiskey because I prove to you by brother Brandham that marijuana and whiskey raises the passion of men. You're going to have a beast in your house until he's going to make you do sodomy with him. Do you follow me? Should I repeat again? Should I repeat again? You are not equipped enough to handle a worldly man. He is more specialized than you. He's going to make you do stuff in the bedroom that your mind will be perverted. Amen. Because it's a different kingdom. That's why God say don't associate with them. They coming from the lineage of Cain. They coming from the serpent. They are more specialized than you. I don't want you to get entangled there. That's why when Israel went to all do you follow me? And bring the women sir. Moses got angry. Moses say every woman that have been touched by a man kill her because you cannot reach her level. You can't do it. Do you follow me? You cannot reach her level. Amen. Amen. You're going to be tormented because she was touched by man that is not your caliber. Are you there? And you're going to have trouble in the marriage. Amen. You're going to find trying to do this and this and try to get all kind of surgery. You don't need surgery. You don't need surgery. Do you hear me? Brother Brandham went to a stadium one time. I don't know how brother Robert coded quickly. Brother Brandham went to a s to a stadium one time and as he passed down he see something written there. You think brother Brandham was telling stories. Brother Brandham say what I saw written was saying it is not the size of the dog in the fight. Do you understand me? But is the size of the fight in the dog. Do you follow me? You don't need any surgery. Do you follow me? It is not the size of the fight. We are dealing with the black dog. It is not the size that matter, young people. It is the fight that matter. Do you follow me? Can you read me? Do you follow me? That's why it is wrong for a young man to masturbate. Do you follow me? Because you are training your brain a different way. Amen. You are giving a different timing to your brain. Yes sir. And when it will come time that you are needed, your body is responding according to your masturbation. You destroy your fight. [Applause] Hallelujah. Do you get me what I'm saying? Stop doing what you do in your bedroom. Amen. Stop doing what you do under your blanket. Amen. Stop doing what you do in your bathroom. You are destroying the fight. Amen. It is not the size. Brother, brother Brandham say that is the paradox with Samson. He say that Joe Samson as a big man with a muscle. He says Samson was not a big man. He was a slain man. But the difference with Samson was the fighting Samson. Do you understand me? That's why David said he renew us. He renew our youth like a what? Hallelujah. Do you follow me? Do you know what Samson did to the gates of Gaza? Do you know what he did? When the anointing came on him, Samson pick up the gate of Gaza. Where did he go? Where did Samson go? He went there was a hill. Samson picked up the gate. And he went all the way and he went all the way to the hill. Do you follow me? When he reached the hill, what did he do? He dropped the gate. The hill is the highest point, which is the climax. It's not the size of the dog. It is the size of the fight that can take you all the way here. You not specialize to handle that. Stay away. I hope you got it. By the byproduct that Satan, she is sent to deceive sons of God and she can sway more of them to hell than any other instrument Satan got. That's exactly right. I'm talking of immoral now. Not you sisters. We shall give your place right place in a few minute in the word of God. Stop reading all kind of nonsense. Amen. Hallelujah. Benam teaching came down among Israel and they invited all the Israelite up to a big feast. The big blood they had. Oh, some big party sh uh shending of a thing up there they had. And when they got up there, these Israelite people begin to see these pretty how sexy sexy dressed moabitete women. Yes. Was not like the common girls down there. [Applause] There is a difference with a daughter of God and a daughter of the world. Amen. Yes, sir. Oh, they look so pretty. My how they were made the shepherd and how they could show themselves and they fell for it and begin to commit what was in these women that bring a man out and the daughter of Israel could not do it. Just the same as Bum's teaching that he calls the pretty intellectual scientific women of Moab with their fli her and pers perfume to entice the sons of God against their own water that worked and had water in the water. They are working mothers and their hands are hard. Those that are that do not work, they don't cook, they don't like the kitchen, the hands are soft. When you compare, you say this one is soft. Bring air. You're going to eat in a restaurant out every day. Are you there? with no makeup on ent. Let us marry one another because we are all the same. What? Equal. That was a lie. It was a lie. An achievement of the to get the sons of God to marry the daughter of what? That's what this anointing is all about. Everybody following me so far? The second key to Jezebel is when Jezebel enter into your life. When a young man or a young woman get connected to a worldly man or a worldly woman, it doesn't stop there. Do you follow me? Jezebel has her second stage that she takes you into. The second stage is she revive the pollution that you escape. I'm going to explain it together. When you start coding a woman of the world, automatically it shows you are in a backslaving condition. Are you there? You are not where you are supposed to be with God. That's why you get attracted over there. And once you get attracted there and you start having a relationship with that woman, you start having a relationship with that man, what's going to happen to you is everything you did bad in the past will be revived again. Amen. Where do you get that? First Kings chapter 16 verse 31. And it came to pass as if he had been a light thing for him Ahab to walk in the sins of Gerobam the son of Nebath that he took to a wife who we in the natural. The daughter of who? Eth. Do you see where brother Brandham got it? Yes. King of the what? I told you. Do you remember? I told you to remember Zidonian. Yes, sir. And went and serve who? And worship who? So by being John to Jezebel. By default, by the laws of God, automatically Ahab is going into idolatry. Does he stop there? No. Because she's controlling you by her beauty, by her attractiveness, by her beauty, by her sex control, and by the form of her body. That's why she must wear tight clothes to accentuate or to expose her shape. When I see her, I'm dead. Yeah, you are going to be dead. Are you there? Worship him. And he will up for who? Just like Solomon did, built a church for Bale in the house of B, which he had built in Samaria. And Ahab made a grove. Ahab did more to provoke the Lord God of Israel to anger than all the kings of Israel that were before him. Why? Why is this woman when she enter into you, she make you spit on the prophet? Why is this woman when she catches somebody, she will make that person even curse brother Brham? You're going to do stuff that even the people that were before you could not do. It is Jezebel. In other words, renounce that God. Renounce everything. Don't go to that church anymore. Don't be part of that church anymore. If you want to stay with me, if you love me, you stay here. I'm not going to your church because your preacher is always preaching against me. Yeah, that's it. Watch now. In his what? The days of who? Ahab. The days of Jezebel. In his day. Because Jezebel was the one ruling. In his day did Hel the Bethleheat built what? When Israel was coming from Egypt, they first the city of Jericho. Yes, sir. You follow me? Jezebel will revive Jericho. Do you understand me? And God told Israel, "Destroy everything in Jericho." And when they destroy it, uh Joshua came and put a curse on the city like nobody rebuilt this. That's right. Let me go here. Indeed, in his day did hya the Bethl built Jericho. He laid the foundation thereof in Abraham his first son. When he laid the foundation, his first son died. Why? And set up the gate thereof in his youngest son. He put the gate. His youngest son died according to the word of the Lord which he spake by who? Joshua the son of Nana. The Holy Spirit type of Joshua. And the young men thou spies went in and brought out Rahab. Who was Rahab? A prostitute. Who was Jezebel? Rahab living in Jericho was a prostitute until she left Jericho. Do you follow me? When she was in Jericho, she live as a prostitute. When God deliver her, God destroy her past completely and wipe her record completely so that he cannot chase where Herab was. Are you there? God wipe everything completely. But Jezebel revived Jero back again. Are you there? Her father, her mother, her brethren, and all that she had, they brought out all her kindred and left them without the camp. And they did what? They burned the city with what? Because the wall was already destroyed by God. They burned the city with fire, and all that was there in only silver, gold, and the vessel of brass and iron, the four element of the image of Daniel, which is the world. Everybody clear? They put it in the treasury of the house of the Lord. And Joshua saved who? The Holy Spirit save her out of the hollow house. Come on. out of the Jezebel anointing he saved her about the hall and her father's household and all that she had and she dwelt in Israel even unto this water she became part of Israel just like Ruth because she accepted the spies because she hid the water which Joshua sent to spy to Brother Brandham say those two messenger play tapes for her. Now Hallelujah. The messenger were human beings but brother Brandham said they play tapes. How did they play tapes? The tape become a human being. [Music] Are you there? And when you play a tape, you don't change something. Yes sir. You are only repeating what the tape say. So it was preacher that swallow the message and repeat the message according to the way the message was given. Yes sir. And Rahab received that preaching and that preaching loosed her from the house of prostitution. And Joshua destroyed the city. Hallelujah. And Joshua adjourned them at that time, saying, "Cursed be the man before the Lord that rise up and built this city of water. He shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and his youngest son shall he set up the gate." That's why that man tried and they killed his firstborn and his youngest one. But Jericho was revived. What was Jericho? Hallelujah. Oh Lord, help me. Hallelujah. This poor blind man sitting outside of the big wicked city. Always was a what? A wicked city. As far as I know, still a what? In the Bible. It is represented as the road to what? The way of the prostitute in the book of proverb was the road to what? Jezebel is remove is resurrecting your old life that prepare you to go to hell. Amen. That's why a brother backsliding. When you begin to quote a woman of the world, before you know it, you begin to drink beer. You before you know it, you begin to drink wine. You're going back to the old life because those women will revive the life that you left. You're going with a man of the world. Before you know it, to please him, you must put makeup. You must wear high heel. You must put sexy dresses because that's what pleases him. It was the stuff that you left before you going back to them. Are you there? Jerusalem sat on the hill. Jericho sets in the valley. And the good Samaritan found a man coming from Jerusalem down to Jericho. He fell among thieves. Think of it. He was what? A brother who caught a woman outside is a backsliding brother. When you see a sister begin to talk to a man that is not a message believer, he is she's backsliding. That's right. Coming from the heavenly to the water curse. Jericho is a cursed city. Jerusalem is a blessed city. He was on his road backsleading when he fell among thieves and robbers. This is why when you take a wrong way, when you begin to go down Jericho, when Jero is revived, if you had a good credit, your credit bad, you begin to get in depth, your money begin to go, you begin to lose a car, you begin to lose a house. All of these things happen with a prostitution with women. Your record increase, ticket today, ticket tomorrow because you are you you are falling. You are vulnerable to thieves because that's the road to Jericho. Yes. You want to get in trouble, you can come back, but your record in the states is going to take seven years to clean you up. Hallelujah. And robbers that strip him. And that is when you shall fall among thieves and robbers. When you start backsliding away from God, just expect the enemy to be along the road. Jericho was always a cursed city since the Jews possessed Palestine. Joshua said, "Curs is the man that shall build this city." Jericho always represented what? Blacksing. Jerusalem set above Jericho, the heavenly. And at and as he left Jericho going down, you were going away from who? Jezebel. Revive the escape pollution. Everybody clear? In Ezekiel 23, we found out a hol. And as soon as she saw them with her eyes and dotted lusted upon them, she sent messenger onto the water. This woman begin to love the man of Calin, the man of Babylon. Right? Remember when a Babylonian spirit get into you, it doesn't stop there. When it get into you, it destroy you first, then it's going to revive your old life. These women got a problem in Egypt. They lost their virginity in Egypt. That's right. You remember the story? We already went through this. And God rescued them and brought them to the promised land. When they enter to begin to have a relationship with the Babylonian women, watch how that spirit of Babylon is going to revive the spirit of Egypt. And the Babylonian man, the Babylonian came to her into the bed of love and they defile her with their whoredom and she was polluted with them and her mind was alienated from them. 19 Yet she did what? You think she's going to change? No, she's just going from one dep of Satan to the next one. She multiply her wardom in calling to water. What makes her remember Egypt back? Because she got connected to the Babylon spirit. They did to her certain things that in order to keep that relationship in oil change, you need that old life in calling to remembrance the days of her water where she played the water in the land of water. A connection with Babylonian spirit will always bring your past back again to life. Amen. That's good. Amen. Are you there? For she dotted upon their params whose flesh is as the a flesh of the water and whose issue is like the issues of water. You are not trained young woman. Don't go in the world. You're going to meet one of these and you're going to get in trouble. And furthermore, that she sent for men to come from far off unto whom a messenger was sent. And they came of whom you did wash yourself and painted the water. Now to please those men, you must put a makeup because they are not used to the women of Israel. They are used to the women of their caliber. You must fit those women to please those men. That's why you begin to put high heels. That's why you begin to put nails. I'm going to get into that in a few minutes. Are you there? Pet the second. I'm still okay. So chill out. Don't put pressure. We okay. So when they speak great swelling word this preacher of vanity they alo they seduce through the lust of the flesh. This preacher through much wantedness those that were what? Clean escape from them who who live in what? This kind of anointing when it comes and touch a preacher, follow me very carefully. It will make that preacher begin to preach through your lust. You follow me? And then begin to bring you back again to the life that you already escape. Let me go slowly. While they promised them what? That preacher will begin to tell you that I want to free the woman from bondage. I want to give the women in the message liberty. It's in the scripture. It's in the scripture. I want to give I want to promise liberty to the women. We have been so tight to the women. We mean to free the women. It is the Babylonian spirit that enter in and want to revive back the things that you left. Because before you came to the message, you were wearing high heel. You were wearing earring. You were painting your faces. You were wearing all the pants. You were wearing mini skirt. When you came in the message, you were free from that one. But when a preacher backslid, that anointing will begin to want to give you a liberty. Not truly a liberty, but to bring you back again to where you came from. Because who the son has free is free indeed. They free you from pagan not to free you to go back to pagan. Amen. Brother, brother, here was one of our Christian sister painted up like a water. I said, "What's the mother?" She said, "Well, glory to God." My who told me it was a what? Sister were not putting makeup. They begin to put the makeup. Why did you change sister? My pastor is liberating women. You are not wearing pent. Why are you wearing pent again? My pastor say he was okay promising you liberation but actually bringing you back again the old life. It's a Jezebel spirit. Liberation of women. What's the matter with you? No such a thing as that. Christ liberated you from what? Christ destroy your Jericho. What kind of freedom do you want again? Christ liberated you from sin. Then act like it, dress like it. About time the church get built up and get a good start, then something like that set in. In the time we think message believer are already on the top, something like this start back up. Amen. She said, "Well, I tell you, my pastor told me I could do all of this and had enough paint on to paint a barn. Her fingers look like she has been eating raw beef steak and blood over her water." She painted her long fingernails. I thought, "Woman, you don't look like a Christian to me." Listen lady, don't you let that kind of nonsense be poured down your throat. A good old fashioned case of the baptism of the Holy Ghost will do what? Take that out. Take that out of you. Just exactly. Remember, you lost some ground somewhere. When you are finding yourself into something like that, you losing ground. Do you follow me? Now Peter continue while they promise liberty they themselves are servant of corruption for of whom a man is overcome of the same is he brought to order it he it shows that the preacher has been taken over by a spirit for if after they have escaped the pollution of the world through the water the knowledge of the Lord and savior water God came and free you from Jericho free you from the world. You already escaped the pollution. You already destroy your Jericho. They are again entangled there in overcome the latter end is worth with them than what somebody who does that is hard for you to win and back again. Don't waste your time. They're not going to listen to you. For if they for it had been better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, it was good for them not to be part of the message. Then you have a chance. Then after they have known it to turn from the holy commandment, deliver unto them. But it is happen unto them according to the true proverb. They are fulfilling the word. The dog, the black dog is turned to his own and they saw to that was washed her to her wallowing into the water. The one who reactivate that is Jezebel. Everybody clear? The third one, Jezebel bring hiddenism and paganism to your new Christianity lifestyle. 2 Kings chapter 9:30. And when Ju was come to Jezrael, Jezebel heard of it, and she did what? Hallelujah. Three things she did in the scripture. Number one, she did what? She painted her face. Why does she painted her face? They control by beauty. face by sex control and by the form. She painted her face. Come on. She did what? Which brother Brandham explained that it's cutting her hair. Why do you leave the message? You start cutting hair. What is the cutting hair doing? It's making you sexy. And look out at the water. Look out at the window. Hallelujah. This window, can I raise this? This window, this is the house of Jezebel, her palace. Everybody clear? There is a window. Do you follow me? Jezebel is here. Amen. She never went to the window. Only after she did something. Do you follow me? The only time she appear on the window on the internet window. It's in your scripture. Is after she painted her face and she cut her hair. After she fix herself up, that's when she take a picture to post. She never post when she's natural. She always post when she have big glasses. She fix her hair a certain way. Then you see a sister. That's right. Why you didn't post before? That's it. If she doesn't look good enough, she's going to airbrushing. That airbrushing is like a notificial makeup to give you an appearance you don't have naturally to post on the window. It is an anointing of Jezebel. You will hate me. You will love me in heaven. Yes. This is the territory of Jezebel. Number one, she painted her faces. William Marion Brham. Oh, you old rock and roll and boogie woogie. Where did he come from? Somebody say, "Preach on the black dog and music." Out of the heart of Africa. I just left Africa. You young women with that penton. You know where he came from. That is a mark of what? Hiddenism. Everybody clear. It is a mark of hiddenism. They paint their face. That is where you get it from. Hidden doesn't Christian wash their face. Amen. That's right. That they must scorch a little brother. That must scorch a little kind of kind of scorch a little brother. You better be scorched here than burn somewhere else. Brother Brham say the reason why if you need the code to see me that they pent their face the painting of their face was an act of worship to their god. They were doing that to worship their god. Oh and I don't blame many women to look your best or whatever. be clean and lady that's all right but I just hate to see somebody disfigure themsel these women don't even look like human but look clean be like a lady and men don't be sloppy that is not humble wearing all kind of clothes I'm just a humble no sir go get a suit don't try to do things like that just Be an ordinary brother. You see, and just be yourself. I hate to see anybody trying to put on something they are really not. The picture people post on the Facebook, you must see them bright. The day you see the person, she's not bright. That's right. Because they remove all the stuff that they have to appear on the window to please people. Are you there? the territory of Jezebel. The nails, you ready? We talk about the nails with Nebuchadnezzar in the book of Daniel. Brother Brandham say now there is a place when you get this amnesia. You already left the word. You might get like Nebuchadnezzar who exalted himself one time and God let him think he was a what? An animal. He lived out in the wilderness and ate grass like an ox. His hair grown down his body like eagle feathers. Those those haircut you see young men African-American have they don't want to comb the hair. He had become the heart of a beast. That was amnesia because he had forgotten that he was a king. He had forgotten that he was a what? A human being. And he thought he was an animal. So he acted like an animal because she forgot she was a water. That's what make her grow her nail. Let's continue. Brother Stevening spirit. Me I went to church. Nebuchadnezzar was a great man. But because he got holy, God give him the spirit of Phox and let him eat grass for seven years. And his what? fingernails grow out like some of these what women do around here. That is what and he got demon what a man in the Bible made his finger grow because of a demonic possession. Do you follow me? We are not only engaged but we are married. The church is married to Christ. We are the wife of Christ being reinforced children. How would you like to come home for a night for your devotion to your wife? And she's got a bunch of little children. You find that when she comes in her nail may be painted. That is if you are of the what? Everybody clear? Deuteronomy 21 sees among the captive. God told Israel, if you go to war and you win a country and you bring captive and those captive are women, number one, you only marry those that were virgin. That's right. I can show you the scripture. You see me? Everybody that was not virgin, you kill them. That's what God say. Marry the virgin. But you don't just get that virgin and bring her in. Do you follow me? You don't just get Rof and bring her in. Ruth must go through the process. She must forsake her God, her country, her people, her land, everything must be forsaken. Then she's part of you. God say if you find among the captive a beautiful woman and has a desire unto her that thou west have her to a wife, then you shall bring her home to thy house. That's it. No. And she shall do what? A shaving of a woman hair. Meaning she's refusing the first headship she has. Do you follow me? That's why Ruth say your God must be my God. I'm renouncing the first headship that I have. I am taking that off. I am becoming part of Israel. Don't stop there. We need more clean up. What is the next clean up and and pale her what? Trim her nail. I'm bringing you the scripture. So you don't say it's a law. Are you there? Amen. Because the pairing of nail the nail the women that were having long nails were the women of the pagan the Canaanite. So when you enter the congregation of Israel, cut off, remove those nails. And she shall put the remnant of her captivity from what? Those dirty clothes that held you captive. You must take them off. You must change your apparel. You must change your attire. Are you there? and shall remain in thy house to do what? To be well her who and her for what? She just have to think a separation that her father and her mother are dead. In other words, her birth is destroyed. She's born again. Her natural birth is destroyed. Wow. Are you following me? Remove your hair. Remove your nails. Remove change your way of dressing. And then renounce to your first birth. Are you there? And after that, you shall go into her and be a husband and she shall be your wife. If not, don't get there. The process of Ruth, brother Stephen, I'm not doing this. This is not what I'm doing. This is what I'm doing. Message believers, many of them. It is a clear coat. I'm not getting long hair. I'm just doing small nail like this. Get the marriage picture of message believer. Watch all of this. I didn't put a red color. I didn't put a green color. I didn't put a pink color. I just make a clear quote and just a little bit longer, not too long, the territory of the black dog, brother Brham, the spirit that went out of that man that drove him like a maniac does the same thing today in people. It is them spirit thousand times thousand. The devil comes in with just a little opium. You follow me? If you're sleeping, wake up. You follow me? It is just like they take a little school girl. The first thing they will do is get her smoke a cigarette. They don't give you marijuana. Not yet. See, they get her what and the next things they do, they shall get her a little water. Next step. And then the first thing he ends up into water and then from them into the water. What does he do? He drive them insane. Just go crazy and the devil guts them. What are you saying brother Steven? The devil is in smoking cigarette. That is his leader. Can you read it again? M form cigarette. Cigarette. Now if he sees you are pretty smart and going to catch that, he shall never let it go any further than what? Cigarettes. If the devil God say catch your nail you following me and the devil make you think like I'm not painting them red I'm just putting a clear coat I'm not just growing them longer I'm just growing them a little bit brother Brandham say it's a mild form if he understand that if I push her to putting red she will catch up that I'm going under a demon. He will let you there and never let you move to the next thing. That's why you sister are bound by this spirit. You can't progress. If somebody tells you, "No, no, no. I didn't put any P." It's the devil holding you there. Why did he keep you on the mouth form? Because he knows you pretty smart enough. You're going to catch him. But what is that mouth for going to do? If he sees you are pretty smart and going to catch that, he shall never let it go any further than cigarette. See, as long as he can just hold you dead long enough till he can take get your life snap out. That's it. Don't think because your nail are short, because you putting a clear pant, you're going to be all right. You're already against the word of God. And that's why you struggle. That's why you have problem. That's why you have difficulty because something is holding you. The devil doesn't want to get you to the next step because you're going to wake up. Yes, sir. That's why you have all of this in the message. And you paying money to go do this. Come on. Hallelujah. Another territory of the black dog, the earring. Let me look at the time. Yeah, I got to stop. Let me finish by this. Hallelujah. The earring. Why is hearing wrong? Genesis chapter 35. And God say unto Jacob, Arise, go up to who? And dwell there, and make there an altar unto God, that appear unto thee, when thou fled from the face of Esau, thy brother. And Jacob say unto his household, and to all that were with him, Put away the what? God. Jacob in his own house has strange God. Question, where did those strange god come from? From Jacob or from the wives? Can you answer? Who was hiding? Who was hiding the gods? Do you see? Yes, sir. Jacob go there get a wife. But as he's bringing Rachel back, Rachel is hiding stole the idol of her father. What love has Joe have Rachel to the adults? Not her adult, the adult of her father. She picked it up and hide it. His father came to take ad away, but she keep holding and lied. Want to get with Ador to the promised land. That's right. Are you there? In the scripture, Jacob said unto his household, to all that were with him, put away the what? God, the strange god that are among you, and be what? Those gods have a spirit of uncleanness. Amen. Are you there? And change your water. Remember the woman that you get captive, she must remove her garment of captivity. She must trim. She must cut her hair completely to show that she's under a different headship. And then she must be well, refuse her birth, natural birth, and be born again. Are you there? Who answer? Oh, right here. And be clean and change your garment and let us arise and go up to water. In other words, we cannot go to Bethl, brother Caleb. We cannot go to the house of God. We cannot go to that temple without me cleaning you up, Jesus. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You cannot enter into the house until I clean up the strange God from you. I clean up the wrong dresses from you. I clean up the all the uncleanness, the pollution from you. I want you get clean up before I put you in the house. Let us arise and go up to bed. I'm going to the airport. This was my first stop. And it worked. And I will make thee an altar unto God. Who answered me in the day of my distress? And who was with me in the day which I went? And they gave unto Jacob all the water which they were in the hand and all the water stop. Did Jacob told them to give them the earring? No. Why did they give the earring with the god? Why did they accompany their god with the earring? Why did they connect the god with the earring? Why did they couple the god with the hearing? It goes together. It's for the worship of hidden. Hallelujah. Oh strange god which were in the hand and all the earring which were in the what? And Jacob hid them under the oak which is shaken. If you follow the next verse, the Bible says the fear of the Lord came and begin to protect Jacob. That's it. Are you there, brother Brandham? I can prove to you that come from the devil. I can prove you that nothing in it. The originate of it was what? And as long as you wear it, it's a mark of water. Now I just came back from Africa. I have been in the hotels jungle and found out exactly where what did brother Brandham give you a scripture? Brother Brandham connect earring with the God of the hidden and in the scripture Jacob shows you earring connect with the gods. Why you don't wear earring in a message? Not because it's a law because it's a pagan worship. Why you don't wear makeup? because it's a pagan worship. Why you don't wear high heels? I will get to that not today. Are you there? And all that stuff come a lot of water. That's why when you give your wife, it's going to be simple. Not a lot of water because you're going back again to water. Glory to God. A lot of Jews wrap around your neck and ears and everything. Where that come from? It is the what? And the Bible don't want a Christian to be a what? I don't say that you are hidden because you do it. But you are making yourself look like one, a woman with the attire of a harlot. It's because your pastor didn't tell you the truth. The Bible said, where is the scripture, brother Brandham? Did he lie? No sir. Did he lie? No sir. If she has not got any fingernails, you who let your fingernail grow because you don't have it. Come on. God already gave you the God of variety. He made you wonderful, beautiful just the way he wanted to. Are you there? And want to put someone if she has not got any teeth, you already got them. and need some have not got any arm and you need one. Have not got any hair hair and you need one. We already went with the hair. You have not got any those things that's different. But when you pull out the real good teeth because they are just not as bright as they should be, then you done wrong. If you got red hair and you want black and you go down here and color it black just because you done wrong. I think so. There is no scripture for that. only bob hair. Hallelujah. Amen. Let me finish it. If you didn't have any hair, you wanted to wear some hair and be all right, but wear one that look like human. If you didn't have any fingernails and want to get some fingernail, don't get them like what? Horse of a navy beans. Get real fingernail. If you have not got any of those things, who doesn't have fingernails here? Everybody have them. What else do you need? What else do you need? If you have not got any teeth, get you some that make you that make you some. Get them. But don't pull your God-given teeth just because they are little crooked and they are good teeth to get some. Don't dye your hair or something look like something that come out of a meer somewhere. If you are colorless, you want to make yourself look like you got some color. It's all right. I imagine. But don't make yourself look like a Don't make yourself look like a physical. Don't make yourself look like a like a born somewhere being what? Hallelujah. Any people that is really wanting to find God, they won't let no church dictate to them the things that they can't leave. That or the other. If you got the nature of God in you, you shall go to what? You shall go to the right thing. You shall stand for the right thing. You shall do the right thing. You shall think the right thing. You shall live the right thing. If you are a duck, you like water. If you are a Christian, you like Christ. If you are devil, you like the things of the devil. If you are bazard, you eat the dead things. If you are a pig, you eat manure. Where you are today, you claiming to be up there eating the things of the Lord. Then go down at the root with the devil. There is something wrong with it. Quit listening to them spirit. They are devil. No matter if you have to stand alone, my sister. Men and women that ever amounted to anything nearly had to be men and women who stood alone with who? Amen. Let's stand. [Applause] I'm sorry. I promise I can get to high heel. It says it's in the next stage, but I can't get no more. We need to stop here. We need to pick it up again. What is the take-h home message? You are sons and daughters of Abraham. You are sons and daughter of the end time bride that has been redeemed by the end time message. That message came to clean you up from paganism, from hedenism, from unbelieving, from all these lifestyle that we had. And God don't want you to go back again to that same lifestyle. You want to get married, pray for God to give you a Christian woman that look like a Christian. You want to pray, get married, pray for God to give you a godly young man that looks like a godly young man. But don't go and mix yourself into a fellowship, a communion, an agreement, into marriages with strange women. You're not going to be able to control them. They're going to control you by the beauty, by the sex, and by the form. Don't think you can go get any kind of man up there and bring it here. sister, you're not going to be able to control them. I know a sister, the parents said no, no, no, no, no, no, no. She refused. She got married. The man got into the message and struggle with women for years. Amen. Amen. Today they both divorce. The woman is out back. The man is out in his own way. The children backslid. If that woman would have listened to her father 30 years ago, she would not be into the same situation. She thought she can handle that man. You cannot handle that man. That man was going on with women while being married. You want a man that's going to stay at home, seek for a son of God. Those up there, you're not going to fit them. You're not going to be to their level. You're not going to satisfy their passion because the fools of devils until they get clean up from the devil. Then it's a different story. But don't put yourself into a risk. Some people was in the world, they came into the message. That's a different story. You are born in a message already. Stay away. Amen. You who are under makeup, under all this kind of things and nail and things, those that are online, just remember it is not against brother Steven. It is against the word. God doesn't want any trait, any attire of hidden women. It is God against hedaism. all these things, Christmas, all these uh uh uh what uh uh Passover, Easter stuff, pagan because Jezebel bring paganism into Christianity. Mix it together. When you swallow that pretty good, they're going to revive your old life and you find yourself back again backsliding. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you again for your grace, for your love, and your mercy. Father, like the house of Jacob who you gave a commandment to go back to the promised land in order to build you a house. Father, they could not go back to the promised land. They could not build that altar of beta which was the house of God until Lord the things that was in the camp got clean up. Lord, you took me down this road and we went all the way down deep. what I usually refer to the deep the midlife zone of the ocean into the territory of the black dog just to clean up the life of your children to remove all kind of nonsense that was read on the on the magazine on the internet about having sizes having this or getting two surgery you must boost your breast all this kind of stuff it is to please the men of the world we don't need no surgery we don't need anything all we need is to be connected with you Christ. Father we preach there is a lot of material have been delivered but may the Holy Spirit continue to work Lord and to unfold to give revelation and to free your children. Father if there is any on the internet any that is present here any that is streaming Lord that think that they have a right to continue to do what they're doing. Father, may you be merciful to them because we just present to them the word and now they are duty bound either to accept it or to reject it. But Father, may you give grace enough Lord that every rebellion, every spirit, every love of the world that is helping that is binding them to be cling to those things may be completely taken away. May father they go to that step where Ruth reach Lord where she renounce the God of Moab. She renounced her country. She renounced who she was. She renounced her citizenship. She renounced her God. She renounced everything. And she was willing to go the extra mile to be part of the commonwealth of Israel. Father, we come from different ways of life, Lord. We come from different continent. We come from different background, Lord. Father, but may we understand that we have been called to be daughters and sons of God. May we renounce all our country, all our custom, all our habit, all our all our citizenship. But father, may we come under the citizenship of the Holy Spirit, Lord, under the headship of the word so that over there we all can look like your son and your daughter. Father, may you touch the young people. May you touch the adult, Lord. May you touch the sick among us. May you heal them completely. Lord, may you deliver those that has been bound by this demon, this spirit, Lord, that is blocking them, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, this seducing spirit that is blocking them into the nails, into the painting, into the hearing, into the things of the word. Father, may you deliver them, Lord, completely from that bondage, from the lands of the hidden in the name of Jesus Christ. May you be with us, Lord. continue ministering to your children as we commit everything in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you church. I went 11 minute over. I'm sorry. God bless you. [Music] I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Well, you can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back though none go with me. Still will will follow. No go with me. Still will will follow. No none go with me. Still I will follow. No turning back. No turning back. [Music] Hallelujah. I won't prolong the service any anymore. I know the ladies have to meet. I do want to throw this out. Excuse me. If anybody here is if if anybody here is struggling with these things and need prayer, speak up. Don't be scared, don't be embarrassed or any of it. Just say, "I need a little help." You know, there's ministers here. We got deacons. We got a praying pastor. So, don't, you know, don't hide the struggle. Overcome it and pray, you know, get some help. Amen. Won't you come up here, brother, and dismiss us this afternoon? Amen. Y'all enjoy your afternoon. Think on these things, right? Lord God, we coming to you humbly, Father God. Let's giving thanks, Father God. Come to thanksgiving, Lord Jesus Christ, as saying thank you for allowing us to draw nigh to your presence this morning, Lord God. Thank you for your grace and your mercy, Father God, your longsuffering, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for reaching out your hand, Father God, and cleaning us up, Lord God, Jesus Christ, and preparing us, Father God, for for the for the great supper, Father God, for the wedding, Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, we pray, Lord, that today, Father God, I thank you for the word you've given us, Lord. Thank you for revelation and understanding, Father God. Thank you for giving us wisdom, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for showing us the the correct way to go, Lord. Father God, we pray, Lord Jesus Christ, that as we leave, Father God, we pray, Lord, that we feed on your word, Lord Jesus Christ, that the the increase may come, Father God. Father God, that we look over, Father God, what we went over today, Lord Jesus Christ, in our own time, Father God, and you show us more, Father God, than you showed us today, Lord, for your word is eternal, Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, we pray Lord Jesus Christ that you forgive us, Father God, if if we allow any demon, Father God, to try to give us give us any thought, Father, any unrighteous reasoning, Father God, any anything that might have risen up against us, Father God, we pray that you forgive us, Lord, for you know our hearts, Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, we bind every demand even force, Father God, of of hardiness, Father God. Bind every mind even force, Father God, of unrighteous reasoning, every religious demon, Father God. Lord Jesus, we pray, Father God, that as we leave, Father God, we leave you, get home safely, Father God, we pray, Lord, that we pray for one another, Lord Jesus Christ, that we become one body under Christ, Lord. Father God, we love you, Jesus Christ, and look at Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Thank you, my brother. Don't forget the building funds back at the back. The baskets are out in a chair and
