################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 64 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 64 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QpRvr8dgjEg
========================================

God will hear you. He always hears a desperate soul. That's what I'm trying to tell you about. Hallelujah. Our dear Lord, Jesus himself in the world's greatest battleground, Gethsemane, he cried out in despair. Should he take the sins of the world or should he just remain on earth with his beloved disciples what he wanted to do? But watch his humility as he humbled himself. Not my will but thine be done. Humbled himself to the word, the promised word of the God of heaven. Notice then he went a little further. And if he went a little further, how much more ought we to go a little farther? See, and notice the scripture says here in Luke that he prayed earnestly. Brother and sister, if Jesus had to pray earnestly, how much more have we got to pray earnestly? If Christ the God of heaven made flesh had to pray earnestly, then how much more are we sinners saved by grace? Pray earnestly. If if the decision throw the son of God into despair, [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] We stand. Y'all help me out. Something just hit my throat. On holy ground. Hallelujah. And I know that there are angels all around. [Music] Let us [Music] praise Jesus now for we are standing in his presence. on. Let's sing that again this morning. We're standing on holy ground. Hallelujah. We are [Music] standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all [Music] around. Let us [Music] praise Jesus now. [Music] We are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] This is holy ground. We're standing on holy ground. For the Lord is near and where he is is holy. [Music] This is holy ground. We're standing on holy ground. For the Lord is near and where he is is holy. We are [Applause] standing on holy [Music] ground and I know that there are [Music] angels all [Music] Let us [Music] praise Jesus. [Music] Now let us [Music] pray his presence on holy [Music] ground. Let's bow our heads this morning. Amen. Lord, we thank you for this day, Lord, that you've given us, Lord, that we might enter into this little building and worship you, Lord God. And Lord, we don't want to take advantage of or take it for granted, Lord. That when we enter in here, Lord, we are standing on holy ground, Lord. And the song is true, Lord. Where you are is holy, Lord. And we thank you, Father, that you've allowed us and granted us, Lord, permission to enter in, Lord. So, we come with our hearts open this morning, Lord, to receive your word, Lord. We've come, Lord, just wanting to lift your name on high this morning, Lord God. Give us this day, Father, our daily bread, Lord, that we might just feast on you for a while, Lord God. You are the word, Lord. You're the bread. You're the water and you're the life, Lord. We thank you, Father. We're going to lift our voices up and sing to you, Lord Jesus. And we want to just sing with zeal, Lord, and with joy in our hearts, Lord, that as you hear us worship, Lord, and sing praises to you this morning, Lord, that you find it acceptable, Lord. A sweet savior in your nostrils this morning, Lord. Lord, come and touch our pastor, Lord. Bless him, Lord, as he prepares, Lord, to bring the word this morning, Lord God. Bless the word, Lord. Bless it, Lord. Bless our musicians this morning, Lord. Bless our singers, Lord. Hallelujah. And bless our technicians, Lord. And Lord, for this congregation, Lord God, the purchase of your blood, Lord, whether it's visible or invisible, Lord, we just want to extend, Lord, those blessings to our brothers and sisters as well, Lord. We thank you, Father. We give you all glory, honor, and praise and ask you take control of the complete service. Lord, bless each heart present, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Turn around and greet your neighbor this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] It's scary. [Music] [Music] Isn't she wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful isn't Jesus my Lord. Wonderful I have seen him have heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. [Music] I have seen, hear, and heard what's recorded in God's word. Isn't Jesus my Lord? Wonderful. Yes. He wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus, my Lord. Wonderful. I can see you recorded in God's word. Jesus my Lord. Wonderful. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the [Music] blood. One day I died. I know it was the blood for me. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood. I know it was the blood for me. One day when I was he died upon the cross. I know it was for [Music] me. They nailed him to the tree. They nailed him to the tree. They nailed him to the tree for me. One day when I was lost, he died on the cross to the tree for me. He hung his [Music] he died for me. One day when I was he died upon the cross, he hung his hand for me. They laid him in the tomb. They laid him in the tomb. They laid him in the tomb for me. One day when I was lost, he died upon the cross. They laid him in he glory. But he rose up from the grave. He rose up from the grave. He rose up from the grave for me. One day when I was born, he died upon the cross. He rose up from the grave for me. He reigns as king of kings. He reign as king of kings. He reign as king of kings for me. One day when I was born, he died upon the cross. He brings for me. Well, Jesus is myior. I shall not be in his love and favor. I shall not be moved as a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be moved. Just like the water. I shall not be moved in my Christ. I shall not be moved in his love. I shall not be moved. Like a tree that's by the water. [Music] I will [Applause] shall not be I shall not be [Music] a shall not be moved. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not. I shall not be on his word. I'm shall not be. No one. I shall not glory. Hallelujah. I shall not be moved. I could [Music] sh I shall not be shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be I shall [Music] not. I shall not be in his love. I shall not [Music] be. I shall not be I shall not sing. Oh, I shall not lose. Jesus will fail me. I shall not move. Just like a tree that's planted by the Lord. I shall not last. [Music] Hallelujah. I shall not be moved on. I shall not be by the water. I shall not be moved. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not be. I shall not. I shall not be shall not be. I shall not be [Music] I shall not be [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you. Hallelujah. No matter how much controversy or criticism or controversy, that's somebody else's problem. Can't be moved. We're not built. We're not built to to move. I have one more this morning. I claim the blood. I have a source of strength when I'm weak. Amen. that takes me through when life is pressing me. Amen. Praise God. I have a source of strength when I am weak. That takes me through. When life is pressing me, I have a [Music] source of power from above. I'm covered [Music] over by a shield of love. I claim the blood Jesus shed on God. Glory. Those precious blood saint were made just for me. For all my sins. All my sickness. my [Music] pain. When I need healing, I just pray those precious blessings. Let's sing this next one. Listen to this now. I do not know how others make it through. [Music] You never [Music] go to Calary as I do. [Music] For there's a [Music] healing cleansing stream which [Music] flows with peace that only is redeemed can Let's lift the angels. I claim the Jesus sh on Calary. Those precious blood saints were made in all my sins. all my sickness and my pain. When I [Applause] need I preious. [Music] Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Amen. Those precious blood stains. I know it was the blood. Y'all can be seated for just a minute. I have a couple things here to read. We do have a couple of specials. Amen. So, we have a praise report here from Sister Naomi. She says, "I just want to thank God for healing my body." Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Brother DM has um combined a praise and a prayer report on me this morning. So, uh I think his parents were due back yesterday. Is that right? So, they're returning today, which is the praise report part. He said the um the flight had to be rescheduled, but thanks be to God, they'll be home around evening time this evening. So, let's uh keep them in mind for that traveling mercy. Amen. Uh I don't I haven't flown in a while, but I know it gets crazy. I think the airports to me would be the craziest part. Um I got another prayer request here from uh the three Hamiltons that are present. Excuse me. Two the three young Hamiltons. Well, that didn't sound right either because y'all because y'all are praying, too. I'm sure we'll say all the Hamilton family. Brother Charles and uh Sister Kayla are on their way home. They've got a 12-h hour car ride. So, Brother Charles wanted me to um uh ask for prayer mercy there as well or travel mercy as well. Amen. So, uh I have one last one which is kind of a praise report as well. Um, we uh want to remember brother Bernard this morning. Uh, he can use a touch in his body and we initially had that thinking that he wasn't going to be here, but he's here. So, he still needs the touch, but he's here. Amen. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Smiling, why don't you come up this morning and lead us this morning? Amen. But Smiling was I think one of the first ones here this morning and that's that's good. Travels a little bit. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. May God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Let us bow. Precious Father, we truly thank you Lord God for blessing us to be able to come to the house of prayer once again. a place, Lord God, that we can be fed spiritually. Lord, we thank you, Lord. Oh God, I pray that you forgive our unconfessed sins. Oh God, thank you for your precious blood that you shed it on Calvar's cross. Oh God, I pray that you bless this offering, the tithes and the offering. Oh God, I pray Lord that you bless those that give and those that have and those that have not. Lord, let it be for your glory. Lord, we truly thank you Lord because Lord, we are living in a glorious hour for the bride of Jesus Christ. We're about to leave this place. Just a few more turns of the sun and we'll be going home. We can look around and we can see the coming of the Lord. We can look around and see the prophecies has been fulfilling our day. Lord, your word is true. Every word is true. We believe every word. We may not understand but we believe. Lord, we thank you for our pastor, Lord. a man of God that believe the message of the hour, that's preaching the message of the hour, and that's living the message of the hour. We thank you, Lord. I pray, God, that you bless him and lead him and guide him and bless his family as well, God. Lord, we truly thank you, Lord God. Lord God, it's such a glorious time. Lord, we got something to look forward to. Amen. The bride is only qualified to go to the marriage supper of the lamb. Only the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, I thank you for this message of the hour. The Lord himself has already descended with a shout, with the voice of the archangel. And we thank you, Lord God. Seven angels came down with the seals that was written on the backside of the book. Only the bride know the mystery. We are the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we are so happy Lord. We thank you Lord for spoken word tabernacle. Lord this place where we are no where that we know that the miracles will take place in this place this day in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And oh God, I pray that you grant traveling mercies for those that are traveling, those that are sick, you say with your stripes, we are healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, we thank you, Lord, and pray that you continue to bless the remaining part of this service in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord God. God bless you. Amen. Praise God. But we got a couple of specials this morning. Amen. Are you singing first, Sister Yoket? Okay. Amen. Then we have one other. Amen. Praise [Music] God. God bless you all. [Music] I'll be right back. [Music] Jesus, bright as the morning star. Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to me? [Music] Jesus song that the angels sing. Jesus dare us to my heart than sweeter than springtime. Purer than sunshine ever my soul will be. Jesus, you're beautiful to [Music] me. Jesus, bright as the morning star. Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to me? Oh Jesus, song that the angels sing. Jesus, dearer to my heart than sweeter than springtime, purer than sunshine, ever my soul will be. Jesus, you're beautiful. Oh [Music] me, Lord, you're beautiful. So beautiful. Oh, beautiful. So beautiful. So beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Oh, beautiful. So beautiful. So beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. You're wonderful. Wonderful. So heavenly beautiful Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Morning star. Morning star. Lord, you are Beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. [Music] Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Beautiful. Beautiful. So beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful Jesus. You're beautiful to [Music] me. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. [Music] [Applause] Wonderful. We have one more special. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. [Music] Oh, oh, oh, oh. who laid foundations for heaven and earth. Jesus the mighty one who gave us voices to echo his word. Jesus the mighty one and whose name is sung among thousands of stars. Jesus the mighty one proclaiming the majesty of who you are. Jesus the mighty one. Sing great is the Lord. Sing great is the Lord. Sing halleluah hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one who brings the waters when we ask for rain. Jesus the faithful one. And who set the path for the lightning today? Jesus the faithful one. And who is the sun at the break of each day? Jesus the faithful one. Oh, and who tells creation to bow and obey? Jesus the faithful one. Sing great is the Lord. [Applause] Sing the Lord. Sing hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one who cast the rod from our enemy's hand. Jesus the sovereign one who parts the sea makes us walk on dry land. Jesus the sovereign one who casts out fear and the darkness to flee. Jesus the sovereign one and now we rejoice because you set us free. Jesus the sovereign one. How great is the [Music] [Applause] Lord is the Lord. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one. He's faithful. Jesus the faithful one and he's so Jesus the sovereign one and he's mighty. Jesus the mighty [Music] one. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the one. Jesus the mighty one. Woo. Hallelujah. Glory. I needed that. Amen. That was wonderful. Amen. Let's stand. We'll invite our pastor out this morning. Praise God. Everybody happy, I hope. Amen. How could we not be happy, Brother Greg? Amen. Only [Music] believe. [Music] Only believe. All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I [Music] believe all things are possible. [Music] Oh, I [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. [Music] One more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are [Music] possible. [Music] Jesus. Jesus is king. Jesus is [Music] king. All things [Music] possible Jesus is. Amen. You believe it this morning. So, let's give him a big clap of Thank you very much, musician. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. You might be seated a little bit by God's grace. And let me go over everything that I got here. Amen. Glory to God. Did you sleep well? Praise God. Good to see you, Sister Naomi. God bless you. [Laughter] [Applause] Praise God. Praise God. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] If you don't understand what's going on, she lost her son and she just lost her sister and got sick and she's right here. Praising the Lord. If you don't understand what it [Applause] means, the enemy was trying to afflict her body, but God is real. [Laughter] Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. There are little things that only those that go through stuff understand. I don't know why I call her name. Hallelujah. But God is speaking to her something. Amen. If you tried today and you give me time, you'll see what God have in mind for us. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any new family members, subscriber, first time, second time in spoken word. I was told that brother Joe is right here in the family. So all the folks that came from Canada, Brother Joe, everybody just stand so we can welcome [Applause] you. Praise God. Welcome again to Spoken Word. You might be seated. I didn't see your wife and the baby. Okay, no problem. Praise God. So welcome again to Spoken Word Tabernacle. We believe everybody is good and I believe you are all up to date with the sermon and we are reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood book church ages 70 weeks of Daniel the seals adoption or somebody is listening to the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Amen. Whatever we do in our life we mind the message of the hour. Amen. Ask the young uh young brother, brother Joshua can tell you very well. Amen. We had a wonderful young man's meeting yesterday and we started in courtship and brother Paul, brother Joe, that was the first time brother Paul now graduated to be part of the young man and he started with courtship. But I told him he's young enough to even get engaged into courtship because yesterday we gave them the five crucial point of God with men before giving him a wife. Five crucial point. They all know what it is. There are five crucial point God have with a man before he give him a wife. If I break it down, we won't preach anything. Amen. Five of them. And I went one, two, three, four, five. And I ask a question. How many people are ready for courtship? Nobody. It's it's there. The deacon were there. It's recorded. I asked them a question. I say, "Okay, these are the five point, five criteria God have before he give you a wife." I say who is ready for courtship? No one. I said before I talk to you about how which family you have to look at and the woman is let leave all of that. Let's deal with man. What is a man? And before God even think of man being alone, what are the five criteria God have? They all know about it. you ready for courtship? None of them. So they were loaded and I told them you go ahead sit down and ponder and meditate on this. Brother Paul, meditate on this and then when it's soaking in pretty good courtship sheep part two then we continue. Amen. This is different than young sister. This is something you don't have any clue about it. This is only for boys. Yes sir. For men because they the patriarch. They the one that will start family. They are the one initiating the courtship. Five things that a man should have. And they are lacking because we didn't have this. We only survive by the grace of God. Some of some of our marriages we just rammed on each other maybe at the nightclub and then we got married and the grace of God was so strong until we stand together and then we became Christian then we gave our life to the Lord and we begin to understand what marriages are but that won't be the case for you no father can be a drunker and then converted and want his children to go to the same path. Amen. We're not preaching you so you go back again and suffer the things that we suffer before we get married. You have all the choices before you to begin right and to enjoy your life until we meet you into the air. Amen. Amen. If you want to learn the hard way, be my guest. I told them, "I will still be your pastor. You will be calling me all the time. And I'm going to remind you the young men meeting. I say, do you remember what I was telling you? This is exactly what you're going through." Amen. Because one error is going to be fixed on the other side. Hello. You didn't get me? Can you give me some volume? One error is going to be fixed on the other side because a bad woman won't die quickly. You can put all life insurance on her. She won't die quickly. God will make sure you pay for it because you didn't listen to the warning. Are we together? So parent, let's stick with the message of the hour. If you have any question, see the deacon. They can give you what we spoke about. Amen. So we see you brother who organized it brother Enoch or brother Joshua because you you order now uh compared to the other one please talk to brother Enoch and the deacon and tell me when is part two so we continue to sore even if he take part 10 I would take part 10 because you are boys amen and I don't play with boys because one thing wrong we will be all suffering the whole family will suffer. Are we together? Amen. All right. How many people read the message I send in the church group? Shot. Two messages. Praise God. If you didn't read it, I will hold you accountable of the message. Amen. Everybody's clear. We establish the legacy in this church. And our legacy is on the word of God. What the Bible says, and what the message of the hour says. Amen. Outside of that, there is nothing else that I will comply with you. Any question? Any question? No, sir. So, make sure parent, let's stick together with the word of the hour. Young people, let's stick with the word of the hour. Children, let's stick with the message of the hour. This message has no legacy for foolishness. Amen. Amen. Amen. until I become so nervous when they talk about a young people gathering because 80% of the time it's a recipe for disaster. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can you say amen my brother? Amen. Ah so let's stick with the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Musician, let's stick with what? The message of the hour. Technician, let's stick with what? The message of the hour. spoken word. Let's stick with what the message of the hour. If what I'm preaching here is too strong for you and you cannot stand it, find another pastor who will let you do whatever you want to do and he doesn't care about it. But as for me, I care for my sheep. As for me, I want to know what you're doing. As for me, if you in trouble, I'm going to be there and I'm going to watch what is going on. Whether you like it or not, I'm going to use even my force to make sure I save you because I love you. Love is disciplined. Love is strict and love is corrective. So, let's stick with the message of the hour. If you have a problem you don't understand, come and sit with me. Come, let's talk. If you don't understand something that was taught, it's online. Go back and review music. Go back and review what we talk about. Amen. Amen. Unless you say that I'm going off to another church, that's fine. But as long as you hear, my friend, I'm going to stand toeto toe with you until you get married. Are we together? Are we together? So wherever you going, reflect the message that you have been preached here. If I don't preach what I need to preach today, that's fine. Because you're not responding the way I'm waiting. Let's go to 1 Corinthian 11. I was trying to spare you this. Amen. Amen. A pastor is not a pastor that will let you do whatever you want to do. Yes, sir. If you got one like that, leave that church. Yes, sir. You didn't get me. Leave that church. That man doesn't care about your soul. He care about your tithing and your offering. You can go kill yourself. He's fine. Amen. Amen. 1 Corinthianap 11 verse 2. You there? Amen. Young men's understand this because I thought I touched with them this yesterday. The Bible say, "Now I praise you." You might be seated. Now I do what? I praise you. Who's praising people? Paul. Paul is praising them. Paul say I praise you brethren that you remember me in some things in all things. Paul is praising this believer. Why? Because this believer they remembering Paul when in all things. So there is nothing in the lives of this believer. That they were doing without first remembering Paul. Amen. This Paul here is not the man Paul. But is Paul the messenger? It is Paul the message. Because the message and the messenger are one at the same. In other words, Paul can be taken off the scene. But till today we are reading Paul. And this believer whatever they do, they always first remember Paul. Brother Stephen, everything you do, you want to have a quote for it because of this. Amen. You want to do this, what does Paul say? You want to do this? What did Paul say? You want to get married? What did Paul say? You want to travel? What did Paul say? You want to eat? What did William Bran say? [Applause] And Paul say, "I praise you. I praise you. Why?" Because everything you doing in all things you are thinking about me first because he was not Paul he was God in Paul and Paul say if I if somebody comes and preach something that is contrary to what me Paul are saying you call that person a curse and Paul say even if an angel come from heaven angel and come down and say something different than me. Call that angel a curse. That's why whatever this believer were saying or were doing, they always remember Paul. You want to receive the praises of God, remember what William Marion Pranam says. Whatever you want to do in your life, what did the message says about this? I praise you brethren that you're remembering me when in all things and do what? And keep the ordinances as I delivered them to what to you. So this believer kept the word pure repeat what brother Brham said and keep what brother Brandham said and remember what brother Brandham said because when you believe his prophet You are guaranteed to succeed. Learn that from today young people. You want you you are trying to do something. What does the message say about it? Amen. Amen. We're not just living like people who don't have uh any guidance. We are children of the light. And not any kind of light, the evening light. Amen. So the light came to shine our path. So we know how we are going and where we are going and how we need to walk. If not, you going to be ever learning and never come to the knowledge of the truth. It's a disaster. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I told the young man, I say before God gave Adam, Eve, God gave the word to Adam. God didn't give the word to Eve. He gave the word to Adam and that was it. Because God knew that if the word is in Adam, Adam would take the word and give it to Eve. And if you go to Genesis 3, you will see Eve repeating the commandment that God gave to Adam when Eve was not there. Who taught Eve that? I say, young man, are you ready to teach a young woman at home, the word of God? You want to get married? Are you ready to sit with your wife and to talk to her about the mysteries of God? Are you ready? Because you don't read the message yourself. You don't listen to the tape yourself. You don't read the Bible to yourself. A leader blind trying to lead somebody. Amen. I gave them an example. Zechariah was the only one in the temple. With Gabriel, women did not get inside the temple. And Gabriel spoke to Zechariah. And Zechariah doubted and he became dumb. But he got the message. The message was you're going to have a child and his name is going to be John. Amen. When he came out, he was dumb. He was unable to display or unable to communicate the message that he receive. Do you follow me? But God already gave it to him the message. But the day John the Baptist was born, They can show you the scripture. They ask, "What is the name of the baby?" It was not Zechariah that answered. The Bible say it was Elizabeth that answer and say the name is John. Are we together? How did Elizabeth know that the name of the child is John? In other words, Zechariah, even though he was dumb, he managed to take the word, the message and to convey the message to his wife. And the Bible said they brought him something he have to write on. So he write so he wrote the message on the table to make sure his wife speak the same language. If you ask Zechariah, the name is John. You ask Elizabeth, the name is John. A husband and a wife must speak the same language. [Applause] You want to get married, you need courtship, how much of the message do you know? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. So give me the next date my friend then we can move on. But as for me and this church, this church doesn't belong to me. This church belong to the Lord Jesus Christ. I'm put here as a manager. Amen. As a steward, so I must obey the master and I must stay true to my to my position. Amen. Whatever cost come, I'm willing to take it because of this message. Because we already got separated from there. It was tough and we got used to it. So now I have zero tolerance. Are we together? Amen. I have what? I want to know where my children are going. Amen. I want to know where the young people are going. I want to know where they are. If you ask me right now, where is Charles Hamilton? I will tell you. Amen. Because he told me where he's going. If something happened, I can dispatch a deacon. Amen. I'm a shepherd. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. Okay. Our question and answer will be on July the 19th. Shake somebody's hand. say, "I I hope you're still alive." Praise God. Everybody got The devil don't understand. Every time he bring pressure on me, he always work. He helped me lose weight and all the good stuff. everything work. So, it's a blessing. [Laughter] Oh, glory to God. Our question and answer will be on July the 19th in the same place. The married couple meeting. Just give me some time. I'm going to send you the date. I'm in the middle of the construction. Brother Set can talk to you about it. But, uh, Brother Set love your faith with works. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Uh I was told that young sister meeting some of you wanted to have a meeting. So if you do some are full fine suit yourself with your fullness. Those that are still looking for the word see the deacon. Put all your question send it to me. We open up again. I must be available to make sure you are full to the brim. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh so see the deacon, you talk to the deacon or send me no just go to the deacon and deal and and deal with the deacon and they can talk to me. Everybody clear so far? Amen. At the end of the service, we will have a water baptism and try to be as far as we are outside. If we have not baptized somebody, let's stay with the atmosphere of the church. Once we finish, then you can check your friend and talk about uh which restaurant you're going to eat and everything. Everything will be well. Amen. Is brother Polycarp Jr. here? Junior. No. Oh, he's right there. Oh, praise God. He's over there. So, I have to hand this. Sorry, daddy's on the flat. He will check it over there. But congratulation from graduating from high school. Come on, buddy. [Applause] They gave you a big one by God's grace. Congratulation. Keep up the good work, my friend. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The second one is brother Benjamin Sherry. Congratulation buddy. Amen. Despite everything the devil did, he still managed to graduate because you cannot defeat God purpose. God purpose for your life will happen. [Applause] Is sister theres here? Praise God. So we keep this for next Sunday. Brother Kelly, I believe I cover everything. Anything else that I have forgotten? Okay. So, let's go to the reading of the word. Say it again. Go. Praise God. Can you sit? Sister De, they got you a purple one and she will be the one baptized. God bless you. Congratulations. Thank you very much. Praise God. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. New in the message. She will be baptized today after service. So I'm expecting you older sister, older younger sister to be a testimony and an example for her. Amen. Amen. Oh, now let's stand for the reading of the word. Now you can turn your clock on. Yes, sir. Amen. Praise God. Amen. I apologize. I say on Wednesday, brother Brandham say something on Wednesday and then it shift me because my way of hearing God is different than your way. I'm very sensitive especially to the voice of brother Brana. And then it shifted me and then I was puzzled between two messages. I say, "Okay, should I go with the season or should I leave Hezekiah and Paul?" And I sat down. I sat down until the spirit gave me clarity. Then I settle down. I cannot skip Hezekiah. I need to go by Hezekiah and pick up Paul and then we can go. What do you do in season and out of season? And I sat down and I work work all night. I tried to put Paul and Hezekiah together. It's not working. Hezekiah, open up. Open up. Open up. Open up until there is no way I can even touch Paul. One one scratch on Paul. So we are dealing purely with Hezekiah. This could be a very difficult lesson. So pay attention and stay on board. Are we together? Amen. Decrease the moving because this could be difficult. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. I spoke to brother Malcon from Canada. God richly bless him. He greeted the church and uh he had some meeting that are going on in Canada uh with the young people. So he called me he say I just want you to know the speaker so you make sure if somebody want to come there you comfortable with those minister because he doesn't believe in young people going everywhere that's what he told me. So you want to go there you see me but he greeted the church he greeted brother Freddy he knows you very well. So, uh, just want to pass on if he's taking care of his sheep, I need to take care of mine. Amen. Because I will be answering before God because of you. Amen. So, you don't love me here. It's good. I will when we get over there. Oh my God. We will be hugging each other. We will be hugging each other without any problem because you can't get there without perfect love. Unless you stay here with a world that is in confusion when Elon and Trump are batting heads. Stay here yourself. Suit yourself. Flight attend and prepare for takeoff. Amen. Let's go to Jeremiah 29. Make America great. Make America great. Make America great. There is no great America. We have a kingdom that is coming. That is the great kingdom. Hallelujah. People want to stay here. [Music] [Laughter] My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph 5 garment part 64. Amen. My theme today is the divine purpose. This is completely gone. But rub it, please. Divine purpose. Divine purpose. And Hezekiah's prayer. because I'm unable to touch Paul. If I touch Paul, you stay here five hours. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as I can go with the ability you have given me when it come to speaking your word, especially this precious message. We are unable to even touch it because Lord, Father, this is so sacred that only the Holy Spirit can come and maneuver your word yourself because you are the author of this word, Lord. Father, may you move me and the audience completely out of the way. May you come and bless our soul, touch and feel us and those that are online in Jesus precious name. Amen. Jeremiah 29. You need to have your Bible. Jeremiah 29 verse 11. The Bible says, "For I know, we know who knows, right?" Amen. The thoughts that I think toward you says the Lord thoughts of peace. Now you begin to understand that and not of evil. It doesn't mean you won't go through trial. You understand this now? To give you an expected end. So the beginning good, the ending guaranteed to be good. We clear? Let's go to John chapter nine. You might be seated. John chapter 9. Glory to God. John chapter 9. I want you to keep a couple of things in mind as we are soaring. Amen. The first one these things comes from brother Brham. The first one is in the exposition of the seven church ages in sardisian churches. Brother Brham say but as usual when one regard a verse how superficially he will come up with a what? A superficial understanding. That's why brother Brandham say it's a shallow mind. Yeah. And brother Brandham say when a pope come from the United States the shallow man will go to the ecumenical council. Those that say superficially with the message and you can't catch really because the beast you need to get under the thunder to see what the devil is doing. Without the thunder the devil will go around you. It is the thunder that shows you exactly sir how the devil operate and you can block the devil and get away from it. Amen. If not, you'll find yourself swallowing something that look like Christianity, but it's purely from the devil. Are we together? Brother Brham says in the message, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." Number two, he say history always does what? Repeats itself and scripture has a what? A compound meaning to it and a compound what? Revelation. So the Bible some a scripture can say one thing and a scripture can turn around and say another thing. Amen. That's what render this word almost unlimited because you can look at different angle but you looking at the same thing. Everybody okay? If you stand outside of this church and you look this way you are looking at the church. You will see things about this church over there. Amen. But you didn't see everything. Make sense? If you go back here, you're going to see something about this church. And if you go around the other side, you will see something. In other words, it depend on which angle you taking. Amen. We clear? Amen. So keep those two things in mind as we soaring. John chapter 9 verse uh one. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible say, "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth." This man was not a baby because he could talk before the Pharisee himself. This was a grown up and adult man. Amen. And but he was a man that was blind and his blindness was from his birth. Amen. What we trying to draw there is he had an illness that have been with him for a long time. Amen. Keep that in mind, my friend. Amen. He was suffering for something. Amen. Amen. For a long time. It is something that started from birth. Until the man became an adult. He was still struggling with it. Amen. And he got used to it. Amen. And he already develop how to live his daily life still carrying that illness. Until him and the illness became one. Are we together? Amen. until he was identified by the illness. So if they see him instead of calling him by his name, they will call him the blind man that sit over there. If they want to give a reference to him, they say the blind man that sit at the corner. And he also accepted that identity as a blind manise because everybody knew that he was blind. It was something that came to his life, a tragedy that happened to his health. Amen. For a long time. Are we together? Are we together? Praise God. Verse two. and his disciple asked him. So his tragedy had already theory that were coming up. Some people look at his situation for a long time and begin to try to find answer in the word. What did brother Brham says about this? And some find answers. They say according to the message of the hour, are we together? According to the message of Moses, these type of things happen when the parent sin. Are we together? Because according to the law, there are certain disease, certain plague, certain curses, that will follow the family all the way through the fourth generation. So you might be completely innocent of something, but your great great grandpa did something and because of what he did, you are receiving the whooping. Are we together? Amen. So by the word for a moment of time these people were right. Amen. Amen. Amen. We know the mystery. We know why they suffering like that. Because somebody did something in their family and they carried that into their family. That's the reason why they are suffering this. Are we clear so far? Amen. But thank God it was Jesus that saw him. Amen. Everybody saw him but could not bring a solution. But one day another man saw him. By the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And the disciple turned to Jesus Christ. They say wait a minute this thing has been here for a long time. We all got question about this boy. So since we have access to the supreme intelligence since we have access to we have access to the prophet himself. Amen. The one who can tell you what happened yesterday, today, and forever. Let's go quickly and take opportunity and say, "Father, what's wrong with this boy right here?" Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Amen. And they begin to guide Jesus Christ in the answer already. They didn't say, "What happened to this boy?" No, they say, "What happened to this boy? Did his father sin?" So in other words they say Jesus go this way this way. We know the word is already there. You are the word follow this way. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. The Bible says in verse two and his disciple asked him saying who did sin? In other words we want to know who sin. comma this man or his what parents that he was born what blind. So if they got that information, they can tell everybody, "No, no, no. It was him that sin. The Lord spoke to us." The reason why he's going like this, it was his parent. Amen. Because they already have the word. The maker now is answering. Amen. Amen. Verse three. And Jesus answered, saying, Jesus answered, sorry, neither has this man seen. Hallelujah. the only one who can put an end to that theory because let every man's word be a lie only God's word can be the truth in other words the Supreme Court Amen is giving the verdict amen who sin not this man okay so he might be his parent now continue continue master Jesus Okay. He was near there. Neither has this man seen nor who? His parents. Ah. So, how many people seen in this neighborhood? I ask you a question. In this neighborhood, how many people sin? No. Nobody. No. No. No. No. How many people told lies? Because they were gossiping about the young man. They say he was his parent and some say he was himself. All of them were wrong. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, it's a problem that have nothing to do with you. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. And it's a problem that have nothing to do with your family. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. A trouble that have nothing to do with you. Even though you spent so many times thinking you did something. Amen. You corrected this. Did you correct it? Did you correct it? It's not going. [Applause] Yes, sir. Amen. Your parent went and repented to church and sleep on the floor and cry and cry. It's not going. It has nothing to do with you. It has nothing to do with your parent. But where is the origin of this? Amen. Wow. Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Jesus said, "Neither has this man sin nor his parent, but what a mystery." That the works of God should be made what? Manifest in him. So this trouble hit this boy for a purpose. Amen. Is he too strong? No. And that purpose has nothing to do with his father. It has nothing to do with himself. It was God's purpose that open up an illness. Yes, sir. to strike the boy for a long period of time because God wanted to display. God wanted to use that boy as an example to show his power. [Applause] In other words, you going to change from a problem into a testimony. I don't know if you you understanding me. There was a time they say the woman that goes to dialysis but there came a time they said the woman that was delivered from dialysis. It is no longer dialysis but it became a testimony against dialysis. In other words, you become the word that people can use. to get blessing. [Applause] Are we together, my friend? Are we together, my friend? Are we together? Illness, suffering for a long time for a divine purpose. Ah, what a consolation. Amen. What a consolation because I suffer so much. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't know why this came. Let's s my friend. Amen. As we are in this subject right here. We found out that under the heaven we got three element my friend. Under heaven we dealing with time. Yes, when it come to our prayer. The second one we dealing with season and the third one we are dealing with purpose and this is where we are with our purpose. Everybody clear so far? Amen. Now, brother Brham says this again. He say I ask him for something sometime and he shake his head and he says what? No. Brother Brandham say I just much I just rejoice so much about that as if I if he can as if as I can if he said yes because we always ought to ask what thy will be done you begin to understand this one in other word God we are clear with this have two answers that's why he said neither cold or hot not in the middle not lukewarm God have two answers. Either the answer is yes or either the answer is what? No. If the answer is yes, you match his will, you match his purpose. If the answer is no, you did not match his purpose. Or it's not time yet. Or it's not the season yet. Amen. And this no is better than if God would have told you yes. We clear my friend. Amen. This yes is different than this yes. That's right. Amen. Are we together? This yes is the perfect will of God. Are we together? This one is the permissive will of God. Yes sir. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. And brother Brham say when God tells you no he say if that is his will it's a whole lot better than what his yeses if it is his will to what to do it that is when you really love him. Amen. God test your love when he says no. Amen. Put your seat belt my friend. God test your love when he says no. A parent usually test the child. When the parent says no, mama, can I have this? Mama, can I have this? Mama, can I have this? This is the best mother ever. But when mama say no, this is when we need to see your reaction. Brother Steven, pastor, can I have this? Pastor, can I have this? But there will come a time pastor will say no. Show me that you love me. When I say no because our relationship have been always established by yes. Our relationship are established by approbation. Oh that's a nice man. That's a nice brother. That's a nice sister. That's a nice family. Because they always say yes to you. Because they are always there for you. But when you call and they are not there for you, this is the time you show how much you love them. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. If you stop on the street and you see a beggar, a bum and you lower your window, and you give him a $100 bill, he will tell you, "God bless you." He's not a message believer, but he knows better to tell you, "God bless you." Because he's receiving favor. But tell him that I'm not going to give you money. You will get a curse from the same man. [Applause] [Laughter] Is it too strong to handle? Our relationship should not be based on yes. Because sometime we do things against the word of God. When you do things for the word of God, we will praise you. We will clap hands for you. But when you do things contrary to the word of God, I cannot clap my hand. You need a whooping. And you should be happy with the whooping because it's love. [Applause] Say amen, my friend. Amen. Are we together? So God test your love by what? By you saying yes. By him giving you everything? No, he want to see when he blocked if you would go to church. Lord, I pray I pray I pray you don't give me this. I don't go to church. You don't love him. Though he slay me, yet I trust him. Nothing can separate me from the love of God. Amen. Whether I receive it or not, that's not my problem. Amen. But King Nebuchadnezzar, we are not going to bow down. If God deliver us, son, if he doesn't deliver us, son, that is the true love of God. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I asked God for something, he didn't give it to me. So and so asked for something, he gathered. I got upset. Do you love God? Yes. No, you love the material of God. You love the benefits of God. It's like a woman who love a man for money. But he doesn't really love the man. You should love the man whether he has money or not. You love the man. [Applause] Seek ye first the kingdom of God and everything else will be added unto you. Because what we are today was not revealed when we were younger. My wife didn't know I'm going to be a pastor. It revealed as time goes along. So love the man, not the possession of the man. [Applause] Are we together? Young sister, are we together? Are we together? Amen. Look at the character of a man. Look at the character of the young man. Don't look at which car he's driving. You can change car. You can go get a loan yourself. But look at the character. Character will give you everything. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. God test your love when he says no. And God is watching you. If you really love him, this is what brother Brandham is saying. And brother Brandham continue. He say it is best to do what? Have God's will. That is what we he taught us. He taught us what thy will be done. Thy what? Kingdom come. Thy what? Will be done. We must submit. It's not a may, a must. Submit oursel to what? His will. And what? His word. Don't question it. Amen. Don't worry, my friend. Don't question it. What do you do? Believe it. Don't try to find a way around it. In other words, don't try to find a shortcut. God says this. But what about if I do? Stay where God say something because that's where safety is. Amen. Amen. Father Brandham say don't try to find a way around it. Just take it the way you want it is. So many wants to go around get some other way. And when you do, you find yourself doing what? Going on. You found God doing what? Blessing you. But you are working in his water. Permissive will and not in his perfect divine will. Will. Oh, it's working. Nothing happened to me. It's just a matter of time. [Music] It's just a matter of time before you cry. And you're going to cry for a long time. Hallelujah. Are we together? Amen. Because God purpose is supreme. Follow me my friend. The Bible say in whom also we have obtained what? Inheritance. Being predestinated according to what? The purpose of him who does what? who workketh all things after the council of his own what will because his purpose is his will. Amen. In other words, God purpose for your life will dictate your life. It will manipulate your life. Amen. It will influence your life. Amen. It will dominate your life. Amen. Whether you like it or not, God will block you everywhere until you stay in his purpose. Yes, sir. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Let's dive into Hezekiah. Go to second king chapter 18. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, second king chapter 18. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. If you dare, you can say, "Amen." Amen. Keep your Bible open, my friend. Second king, because you can get lost quickly. Chapter 18, verse one. If you dare, you can say, "Amen." Amen. Now it came to pass in the third year of Hosa, a son of Elah, king of Israel, that who? Hezekiah, the son of Ahaz, king of Judah, begin to reign. We're trying to understand who is a Hezekiah because we're dealing with Hezekiah. Before you deal with Hezekiah prayer, we need to know who is Hezekiah because some of us don't want to read the book of the kings. They always love the psalm. They are full of psalm in the head. Short prayer. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Verse two. 25 years old. When did he become a king? 25. Young people, when did he become a king? 25. Look at you at 25 years. What you doing? Look what you're doing in 25 years. You acting like a baby. This is 25 years old. He's a ruler. 25 years old in a message. Immature. He's ready for games, entertainment, frenzy, craziness, carow wings on a roll [Applause] coaster. 25 years old. 25 years old in the message. He's just hanging around. Today he spent his long, tomorrow his pent is short. Like this. Today it's a button shirt. Tomorrow it's an unbuttoned shirt because he's going with the mood. 25 years in the message. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. 25 years in the message. We young men, young people, a young people on the on the throne. A young people on the throne. But this is a young people on the throne. when other young people are joking. What a shame with such a great message. Amen. Verse two, 20 and 5 years old was he when he begin to do what? Reign. So when this 25 years old is coming, all the captain are like this. Amen. Your friend is coming. All everybody's like this. And you seeing he became now a president. Yeah. We went to high school with him. You just telling stories. Amen. You're just telling the stories. And me and him, we were best friend. He was my BFF. Matter of fact, he wanted to marry me. Amen. I hope it's waking you up. Uhhuh. I hope it's waking you up. In other words, you are you you you you don't have time for foolishness. [Applause] A 25 years old in this message is a settle man. A set of woman. Yes sir. Yes sir. A s young man. A young man that is talking with wisdom. A young man people can sit and you can begin to talk with adult. You can be a supervisor in a company. You can be a manager in the big bank but because of immaturity. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says 25 and 5 years old when he began to reign. He reigned 209 years in Jerusalem. His mother name was what? Al Abi. Abi. The daughter of who? Zechariah. And he did that which was what? Right in the sight of the Lord. According to all that David his father what did. So this man was a righteous man. Follow me my friend. Hezekiah very young young people. Hezekiah young people a young people who is righteous. At 25 years old I'm going to read Hezekiah. At 25 years old it's a righteous young man. A righteous young man. Not a sneaky one. Not a hypocrite, not a crafty one. Amen. Amen. He says verse four, he removed the high places. That's right. And broke the image the images. And did what? Cut down the groves. In other words, when this young man got in power, he begin to destroy idolatry. Amen. I can even preach another sermon right now. He begin to destroy all the idolatry in Israel. He was not waiting for somebody to preach to him. He was not waiting for brother Steven to preach to him. He himself begin to remove what is wrong. Amen. This is idolatry out. This one I close my Facebook. Amen. Amen. Don't say amen. I close my Instagram. It's foolishness. It's taking my time. It is self advertisement. Stay right there. Glory to God. Every ador is is removing at 25 years old. He cut down the groves with the kama and he broke what in pieces the what? The brazen serpent, the who that Moses had made a 25 years old young man look at idolatry in the message [Applause] [Music] read it with me please if I have to preach this five sermon I don't have any problem let's go my friend he says he broke in pieces the present serpent that The greatest prophet Moses met the brother and serpent. This boy came and took the breath and serpent and destroy it and nothing happened to him. Why did he destroy it? Break it down. Do you follow me my friend? The Bible say he broke in pieces the present serpent who Moses had made. For those days, for to those days the children of Israel did burn water incense to it. And he call it And he call it what? Neustan. He who call it. No. Who call it? Hezekiah. Hezekiah call it what? Neustan. Do you know what that means? It means a thing of of bronze. In other word, when people begin to burn ence to it, Zechariah Luke, he say that's a thing. Exactly. You missed the revelation. He was not meant to be worshiped. There was a preview of Jesus Christ. This is just a thing of bronze. He took it and broke it. And brother Brandham called him a prophet. [Applause] You need a quote. See me after church. A young man who is so inclined with God, a 25 years old who knows how to detect idolatry and say we am brother, he's our brother, but he's God messenger. We don't worship brother prana. We worship Jesus Christ. A young man who knew how to discern good from evil. 25 years old. Look at your age today. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Swallow everything. Destroy the serpent of Moses. Destroy idolatry. Anything before God. Can I continue? Amen. Verse uh five. He trusted in the Lord of God. in the in the Lord God of Israel. So that what after him was what? None like him among all the kings of what? Of Judah. Nor any that were before him. [Laughter] Can I continue? Israel started together as the nation of Israel. Yes. We clear in here. The first king was who? If you got a problem. No, no, no. The first king. Saul. Then after Saul, after David, after Solomon, the kingdom split. Are we together? The kingdom became the kingdom of Israel and the kingdom of what? And then he continue. Are we together now? So the Bible say of all the king of Judah. So from the time this kingdom started all the way to the time it finished, everybody that was before Hezekiah and everybody that was after Hezekiah, no one could be compared to Hezekiah. Are we together? Amen. This boy trusted in the Lord so much until he excelled everybody. My God. And the Bible say everybody that was before him and after him, no one could be compared to him at 25 years old. Show me young men in this message. Show me young people, show me young sisters in this message that people will look at you and say, "I never seen a Christian like this. Oh, we looking at foolishness. Amen. Amen. I hope everybody was here. Can I continue? Yes. Can I continue? Yes. Verse five. He trusted what? In the Lord God of Israel. Of Israel. So that after him was what? None like him. Remember this was spoken to Solomon. Amen. about his wisdom. Solomon has a wisdom that before him and after him no one. The only one that defies Solomon was was uh was uh Jesus Christ. He said there is a greater than Solomon right here. But as far as trusting in the Lord before him and after him no one. Amen. Amen. Amen. Verse six. For he clung to cling to attach. He clung to the Lord and departed not from following him, but did what? Kept his commandments which the Lord commanded unto what? Moses. So this boy was tight with the message. You cannot deviate this boy from the message. Follow me my friend. Verse seven. And the Lord was with him. And he did what? And he prospered. Why was he prospering? Why was this young man prospering? You want to prosper in this message? You want the Lord to be with you. This is a solution right there. Trust in the Lord. Cling unto the Lord. Stick to the word. Even if your peers are compromising, you stand by the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I have family member who are not message believer. A lot of them my friend and they call me sometime to the reception the wedding as a member of the family. I will show up with my wife. Yes sir. Sometime I don't even get my children. Uhhuh. Because I know what I'm getting into it. It's a Pentecostal territory. When I get there I show up my face. When foolishness begin to start, when the music begin to get frenzy, my wife knows my signal. We just stand. We already showed up. We already give you the gift. I am out because I got to stand true to what I believe. Why do you stay in an environment that is wrong? [Applause] Oh, my friend from high school invited me. If they are drinking beer, get out. [Music] [Applause] We were just invited. Why are you staying there? It's getting out of order. Why are you staying there? No, you want to see that it pleases you. And before you know it, that spirit will leave. I have a parent who confessed to me, I took my children to a party and a spirit picked up on the children. Now the parent is suffering to remove that spirit from the children. [Music] We are a separate people. We are not a mixer. We are a separate people. [Music] [Applause] Denomination cannot cling with the message. The message is separate from denomination. Our work are separate. Our music are separate. Our dances are separate. Our talk are separate. Our entertainment is separate. Amen. Under the name of worship. Young people are worshiping. Worshiing who? Worshiing who? Worshiing who? And moving your hips and everything. Worshiing God. Amen. Under the message of the hour. And you want the pulpit to remain quiet. Not this pit. I was sent to deliver the message. Amen. Why did this young man prosper? Why? Look at the way he cling to the Lord. Amen. 25 years old. Amen. And the Lord was with him. Verse seven. And he prospered wherever he went. And he rebelled against the king of Assyria and served him water. So now we have an image who this Hezekiah is. Follow me my friend. This is the introduction to Hezekiah. So from today you know Hezekiah is a good young man. Fear the Lord. Stay with the message and God bless him for it. Amen. Amen. Let's go to chapter 20 now. That was 18. Let's go to chapter 20. The devil kill you like a frog. The devil knows that if he bring wilderness, you will kick it out. The devil start slowly. That's right. Slowly. Contemporary gospel. Contemporary. Contemporary. contemporary mavericks and then you get to this rock band and before you know it the devil say whatever he's doing now then he opened the world because you got so used to the beat and it's the same beat. It's the same beat. The same beat. Everybody do the same beat. [Applause] Go to message reception. Listen to the song. Not one message song. Every song denomination and the people are waiting for the song. They're not waiting for the evening and every No, no, no. They're waiting for the song. As soon as the song, everybody's up because that's where they came from. The devil gave you a religious nightclub to entertain your passion. [Applause] You listen to the song, you don't hear anything. Glory. Glory. Glory. [Applause] This is what it is. [Applause] This is what it is, my friend. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Why did I come to church today? Good luck. Verse chapter 20. You there? Amen. Verse one. In those day was who? Hezekiah was what? Sick unto death. This righteous man here. This young man, this man who served the Lord sickness struck him. It is not unusual. Even if you a Christian sometime to have a cough, it doesn't mean God left you. Sickness unto death. In other word, a bad sickness like the sickness of Lazarus. Are we going together? Are we together? This boy got sick. Sat down. Lord, I'm doing everything that is right. I am clinging to the word. But this sickness came. What happened? He begin to pray. The sickness is there. Are we together? Amen. Huh? And the prophet Isaiah, Isaiah, the book of Isaiah, that's the prophet. And the prophet Isaiah, the son of Hmons, came to him and said to him, "What?" Thus sayeth the Lord. So the message is coming from who? The Lord. And which prophet? Isaiah himself. Amen. So Isaiah is coming to tell this young man the mind of God for his solution for his situation. I hope we are together. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Set your house in order. Ah with everything that I done. I thought Isaiah is coming. that saith the Lord, rise up and walk. But Isaiah is coming. He says, "Set your house in order." In other words, it was time for this house to be set in order. Brother Glenn, I need some amen from there. Are we together? In God doesn't tell you wake up if it's not time to wake up. When God says set your house in order, in other words, that is the time to do it. In other words, the hour has come. To do what? Set your house in order. Lord, help me. Set your house in order. For you shall die and not live. Put your seat belt. Please make sure you buckle up. God doesn't change his purpose. God doesn't change his mind. William Marion Brham. Hallelujah. Brother Brham say in the infallible proof of his resurrection he says now the devil has fought after he seen that he thought he destroyed the water righteous seed at Calvary. So when the devil nailed Jesus at the cross the devil thought he say I got him. I got him. He's dead. The devil was so in frenzy that he forgot that Jesus was built with the resurrection because every child of God is built with the death and resurrection a child of God when you bring him low after a while he will come up but he will come better than the last Amen. I don't know if we together. You put Joseph at the pit, he comes up in piper house. You put him in the prison, he come back, he's at the right hand. So he goes in more power and power. So your trial is only a channel towards your elevation. [Applause] When Jesus went to her hell, when he came out, he received a name that is above every name. Are we together? And the devil thought he said, "You know what? I got him. I destroy God." Amen. And let's stand. Let's stand by just a moment. Let's stand by just a moment and watch what something take place. What a display. Could you ever imagine the omnipotent God, omnipresent God, omnisient God, the God that is so powerful, the God that is Jehovah Shama, the God that knows everything, infinite God ever let the devil defeat his purpose. Brother say not God, he will never do it. [Applause] Hallelujah. What you think is a defeat is not a defeat. It is a temporary road toward exaltation. The devil can never defeat it. My brother, follow me. Brother Brandham says in God hiding himself in simplicity. Now as we read the word and study the word of God, we found out that the way God we found out the way God does what? He cannot sir never change his program. No sir. What God says he can never go back on his word. In other words, God doesn't speak and take his word back. Then he spoke by mistake. But God doesn't make mistake. Follow me my friend. Amen. We clear on that one. God doesn't change his program. God doesn't change his mind. God doesn't change his purpose. God doesn't take it back. It will happen. The prophet Isaiah came, you shall die. Set your house in order. That is God's program. It is that says the Lord. Amen. Amen. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. Verse uh two. Then he turned his face to the wall and did what? And prayed unto the Lord. Ah in other words, Hezekiah said he got th say the Lord. Amen. That's right. Follow me, my friend. I told you this could be difficult. That say the Lord. And the boy turned around and said, kneel down. Lord God of Israel, are we together? Amen. Verse three, I beseech you. In other words, I beg you, oh Lord, remember now how I walk before you in what? In truth and with a what? Perfect. At 25 years old. And God could never argue with him. God could not come and say what you're saying is not the truth. So he knew which token he's pulling to God. In other words, father, I don't know if you got the right address. It is me. You know how I stood with your word. You know what I did? Amen. Are we together? I walk with a truth. Walk before you in truth and with a what? A perfect heart. and have done that which is good in your sight. And Hezekiah did what? Wet sword. In other words, this prayer was a nonest prayer. This was not Lord God. The Bible say he wiped soul earnestly praying. Yes sir. God listened to the [Laughter] praising verse four and it came to pass before Isaiah was gone out. So the prayer was very quick when Isaiah is still going up and telling people. Brother Brandham say Isaiah was telling people your king will die. Prepare your king is dying. Your king is dying. The anointing struck him. Go back. Go back to do what? To change that save the Lord. But God doesn't change his mind. I I that's why I told you back all up. God doesn't change his program. God doesn't take his word back. That's what brother I'm saying. [Music] He's the Holy One of Israel. Are we together? Amen. Follow me, my friend. Amen. Amen. And it came to pass, verse four, before Isaiah was gone out in the middle of the court, that the word of the Lord came to him, saying, "Turn again, and tell Hezekiah the captain of my people, thus serve the Lord. Oh the God of David, your father, I have heard your prayer. I have seen what? So God so hard because the man wept, sorry, I have seen your tears. Behold, I will do what? Heal thee. On the third day, you shall go out to the house of what? The Lord. And I will add to your days what? 15 years. Why only 15 years? Let's hold on. Hold right there. We will get to 15 years. Okay. I will add to because God Why Why didn't God say two years? Why didn't he say 50 years? Why didn't he say 20 years? Only 15. Hold right there. Amen. Amen. He says, "And I will deliver you and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria, and I will defend this city for my own sake and for my servant David." What? And Isaiah say, "Take a lamp of fig." And they took and laid it on the boil, and he did what? He covered. Now, we got a problem right here. God doesn't change his mind. Amen. God doesn't change his program. God when he speak, he doesn't take it back. For some reason, God spoke. God deliver his mind. God deliver his will. God deliver his purpose. For Hezekiah, that the time has come. Hezekiah, I must take you back to myself. Set your house in order and I'm going to take you back to myself. Hezekiah took prayer and push God. Are we are we together? Amen. And God went to the comment and God say, "Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, that says the Lord. I'm adding 15 years." Jesus. I thought God doesn't change his mind. Don't get quiet, please. And let's preach together. Let's do this, my friend. Brother Brandham say prayer will even change the what? Program of God. [Music] You see how the message is a hot potato, brother. Brandham say prayer doesn't change the brother Brandham say God doesn't change his program now brother Brandham say prayer changes the program what do we accept are we together are we together amen brother Brandham say prayer even change what the program of God there is a prophet one time went to a king what Hezekiah and told him to put his house on in order he was going to do die for what? Thus sayith the Lord expectation. So we believe that prayer is what? The most powerful weapon that was ever put in the care of what a human being. Hallelujah. Amen. So brother Brham is showing you what you have. He said it is the most not the most powerful the most. In other words, a most the top God first give you his word. And after the word, he give you prayer. Follow me if I can get where I'm trying to go. And then the most prayer, the most weapon powerful is prayer. Follow me, my friend. Follow me, my friend. He says you not pray a one time change what the mind of God. Hallelujah. God say go to the left. You pray and God say okay go to the right by prayer. Are we together? Prayer change what? The mind of God. Did you know that? It sure did. Hezekiah was told by the Isaiah the prophet that he was going to die on what that prayer will ever will even change the program of God. Let me go back again. Brother Steven. Where are we at? He cannot never change his program. Amen. Please please you will you will make two two sermon out of this if you continue the way you continue. Brother Branam say he can never what change his program. Brother Branam says prayer can do what? Even change the program of God. And to make it worse, brother Steven, God is not a man. [Applause] that he should lie. Neither a son of man that he should what? Repent. Hallelujah. We are in the heart surgery. Are we together? Amen. The word repent is not what you thinking. The word repent doesn't mean that God sin and God is going to ask forgiveness. He's going to ask forgiveness to who? He's himself God. The word repent doesn't mean that. The word repent means this. Brother Brandham say the exposition of the seven churches. It says there was no other way to get back to God than there is no other way. What now? It is what? Repent. Repent means what? Change your mind. It means what? Turn around. Repent for we so so why will you what? Die. They needed to do what? Repent. And they must what? Repent. They need to have a what? A change of mind and turn toward what? Truth. So when they say God doesn't repent, it means God doesn't change his mind. But in the same Bible, God change his mind. [Music] Amen. He says he has said shall he what? Do it. Not do it. Do you know what it means? In other words, what God say he will do it. Amen. Oh, has he what? Spoken. He shall not what? Make it good. So he says thus sayith the Lord, you going to die. Amen. Behold, I have received a commandment to do what? To bless. And he has what? Bless. And I cannot what? Reverse it. In other words, God cannot reverse. That's right. Amen. I'm reading the Bible, my friend. But God spoke and reverse. What are we doing then? Then the Bible have contradiction. William. Therefore, if there is any what? Contradiction that anyone will think that the scripture contradict each other, that is what an error. Everybody alive enough. There is no scripture what contradicts a scripture. The contradiction is where that maybe it contradict our way of looking at it. But it doesn't contradict what itself. I have been in the what ministry going on how many years? 26 years. I have never one time found one thing in the Bible that contradict anything else that was written where in the Bible. I just know it is not there. [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Ah, with your marion bra. There is your contradiction. Looks like it. Now if you are what? Reading with a carnal mind and not a what? An open heart. It shall be what? A contradiction. Uh-huh. But if you shall read with what? Open-minded. The Holy Spirit has hid it from what? The eyes of the wise and prudent. Jesus say he thanked God for it and has revealed it to who? Babe, such as would learn. If you got a mind and not a what? A selfish mind by the what? A willing heart to learn. The Holy Ghost will teach you these things. [Music] In other words, what me and you now are pasing our mind. There is no puzzling. There is no contradiction. The message cannot contradict itself. Because the message came from the Bible. Amen. And the Bible doesn't contradict itself. Amen. It is our way of looking at You need a prophet. You need God to put it together. [Applause] Are we together? But remember, every scripture have a what? Compound meaning and a compound revelation. Amen. [Applause] Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. What is the first meaning of this quote, this scripture that we read? God gave that save the Lord, right? And God changed. Now it's appearing like God is contradicting himself. What is the key? What is God hiding there that his children need to understand because Esther say if he pleases the king if I find favor before the king Jesus say if it is impossible nevertheless ah not my will but thy will in other words we don't want to change your mind we don't want to push you to reverse that's right what is going on brother Even yes sir. William Marion brother Brana my friend he say Hezekiah was told to make water ready and he get ready because he had to meet who? His maker. So his appointment came his flight was ready. Follow me my friend. Now Hezekiah was what? A king. A what? And a great man. Did you notice his plea here? Lord I beseech you consider I have walked before you with a what? A perfect heart. What the testimony that is to us today and it should be a man that walk who walks before God. Even death was pronounced upon the man. And yet God did what? Changed his mind about him. William Marion Bran. You again using the word change the mind. Ah brother Branam because Hezekiah wanted to do something and God say he would give us the desire of what our heart and Hezekiah time has come. He got cancer on him. Only a prophet. It's written in your Bible. It doesn't say cancer in the Bible. He give the description that he had boiled the bastard. And when brother Brandham begin to look, he said no, he was cancer. So cancer is not new. No sickness is new. Amen. Amen. Brother has a commission with cancer. Oh yeah. He came in the cancer age and they told him not even cancer. So if somebody who knows cancer better, it's brother prana. More than a doctor. Are we together my friend? This is not the milk. Ah okay. And he says brother Brandham say he got a what? a cancer on him or something another and they call it a what? A boil in that day. That was the terminology. But we know boil don't raise any water kill you. They just what? Get well. But he wants perhaps a cancer and he open up like a what a boil. God told Isaiah go up there and tell him he's going to do what? Die. And Hezekiah had something he wanted to do yet. He had an agenda. We will get to that my friend. Brother Brham said, "And God never say, "No, Hezekiah, you didn't do it." In other words, God never contradict him. But he admitted he do it. He did do it. He say, "I'm going to spare you a little um I mean um your life a little longer. I'm going to give you your request." See, because he had been a what? A just man. And he has been a what? A real servant to Christ. So the first lesson that we learn, if you are a just man and a righteous man and you are trusting in the Lord with all your heart and you living a Christian life, God will not withhold something from you. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brham says this. He says when you plead anything to God, you got to be you got to be a what? A reason for it. It's just like the scripture that I often refer to. If you say to this mountain, do what? Be moved and don't doubt but believe that what you have said will come to pass. You can have what you said. Now that is all together control on the what motive and what objective. See if he want what happen. In other word, when you serve the Lord and your motive and objective are right, you have a right to go before God and pray and God must give you what you need. Are we together? First revelation. If you serve the Lord, you cling to his word, you give God preeminence, you are minding God in everything that you do, if something happened to you as a righteous Christian, you have a full right to approach the throne of God boldly and ask God for whatever you want. If your motive and objective are right, God is duty bound to give it to you. [Applause] Because God will never withhold anything to those that love him. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? That's why Hezekiah prayed and he wept so because the Bible says in the book of James, Elias was what? A man of what? Subject to like passions as we are. He pray how? Earnestly. He just didn't pray. He prayed earnestly. Uh-huh. Not just a prayer, but an earnest prayer. A sincere deep prayer. Amen. He earnestly prayed. Amen. That in my might not rain. And he reigned not on the earth by the space of what? Three years and six months. In the message Elijah which is Elias, brother Brandham said now he was a man just like we are. He was not an angel not more than what you and I. He had his differences and what things. And he has his what? Ups and downs in life. His life like we do. But God answered his what? Prayer. Because he did what? Prayed earnestly and sincerely. And before that kind of prayer can be made for the sick or for the end of drought or for anything that we have need of there must be a what a perfect understanding that we are praying in the will of God. I hope we are together. Make sure you are in his will. It must happen. Amen. We clear together. Are we clear together? Are we clear? Amen. Are we clear? Hezekiah prayed. God gave him the desire of his heart. Brother Steven, we understand the first lesson. A righteous man when he get in trouble, he can call 911 of heaven and 911 of heaven will come and rescue him because he's a good citizen. He pay his taxes. Are we together? Are we together? But brother Stephen, the question is still lingering. God doesn't change his mind. This man came, they changed that save the Lord and they gave him what he want. What is that? We are still in second uh king. Right. We are still in verse 20 on chapter 20. Right. Right. Job to uh verse 12. Lord help me. Lord help me. If I can finish Hezekiah. Are we there? Are we there? You there? Amen. Verse 12. We on 20 verse 12. And I mean at that time Beladan the son of Beadan king of Babylon send letter and present. You follow me? To Hezekiah for he had heard that Hezekiah has been what? In other words, the testimony went out and people say the king is healed and the king of Babylon. Follow me my friend. In other word, God didn't kill Ezekiah. Hezekiah survived. Now, we are talking about the life after his healing, after he got what he was asking for. Amen. Follow me. Spoken word. Then the king of Babylon came, not any king, the king of Babylon, came to visit you after you receive a testimony of changing the mind of God. Ah please, please. After you receive your testimony, you change the mind of God. God say no. You say, "Lord, please, I love this man. I love this man. I love this man." The parents say, "No, I love him. I love him. I love him." God say, "Take it." The next one who's coming is the king of Babylon. Have I ever Have I Oh, is my Bible different than you? Ah, please preach with me. Who's coming? The king of what? The king of Jerusalem. The king of Israel. Which king? Why only Babylon? The king of Babylon is sending messenger. We heard that the Lord has delivered you. We heard the great testimony. We brought you present. Ah the king of Babylon is bringing me present when Jehovah healed me. [Laughter] Can I continue? Please help me preaching. Can I continue? Amen. My friend, I have to preach this way so you soak it. If not, you will read the Bible, you don't understand. The king of Babylon came. My enemy suddenly has become a friend. God bless you. We appreciate your work and what you're doing for the kingdom of God. We brought you a contribution. We heard that you are sick. You know things happen in this world. But the Lord healed you. So he came to say good. And Hezekiah say finally the king of Babylon now begin to rem to recognize me. Follow me now. Follow me my friend. Follow me. Brother Tony say amen from there please. You there. Amen. Verse 12. And he came and heard. Verse 13. And Hezekiah hearkened to them. In other words, Hezekiah paid attention. Amen. Amen. And showed them all the house of his wife. Are you following me? the silver, the gold, the spice, the precious onment, and all the house of his armor, and all that was found in his treasure. There was nothing in his house, nor in all his dominion that Hezekiah have not watered. Show them a king of Babylon is coming trying to show friendship instead of verifying. [Applause] Follow me carefully. Amen. Hezekiah got so excited. Finally, the king of Babylon remember me. Come look at my kingdom. Look at this. He took them to the Pentagon. He opened the Pentagon. He said, "Look." He opened the CIA. He said, "Look." He opened this. He said, "Look." He opened this. He said, "Look." It was better for him to stay or die. Spoken word, we are moving now. Spoken word, we moving now. There is a portion in this sermon. I was trying to get into it, but it looks like the way you operating. I'm going to put that with Paul. Are we together? Because this thing is loaded. Are we together? Amen. The Bible said there was nothing in his house. In other words, Hezekiah say ah I'm so proud of you. Come well Fargo. Use a name password. Bank of America password 50 trulian. What else again? First citizen bank. You see you see the Lord bless me. The Lord prosper me. Come you who love to visit. Yes sir. If you notice Isaiah the prophet is not there. Isaiah is somewhere. God spoke to Isaiah. Say go see the king. Can I continue please? Where are we at? Verse 14. Then came Isaiah the who? The prophet to who? The king Hezekiah and said to him, "What says this man?" The prophet came. Hezekiah. Has when you already got in trouble and the pastor is around. God bless you, brother Stephen. It's good to see you today. It's not about good to see me. You see me every day. Isaiah say who are these? In other words, what is the identity of this? [Laughter] Hey, and from where came they to you? Where is the origin? And Hezekiah say they came from a a far country. Uh the detour of lies. When you catch your daughter, your son, what were you doing? I was going. Hey, they came from a far. We know they came from a far country. Where are they from? Where are they from? Where are they coming from? They came from a far country. Which far country? We want to know the country. We need Where they Oh, did I ask you the distance? I asked you where they came from. Can I continue? Can I continue my friend? Help me continue to the airport. He says they came from a far country even from what? Babylon. Are we there? Verse 15. And he say what have they seen in your house? How did Isaiah know? [Applause] How did Isaiah know? He said they came from Babylon. The prophet narrow his eyes. What did they see in your house? Amen. What have they seen in your house? And Hezekiah answer, "All the things that are in my house have they seen. There is nothing among my treasure that I have not showed them." Remember Hezekiah only show his material possession. But look how far Babylon is going. you there. And Isaiah said to Hezekiah, "Hear the word of the Lord, you who wanted to stay in this world." Amen. Behold the days come. In other words, look at what is happening in the future. That all that is in your house and that which your father have laid, even the inheritance, your grandpa left you. Do you follow me? Your money and what your daddy gave you. What your grandpa gave you, Amen. have laid up in store to this day shall be carried there? Into what? Babylon. Nothing shall be left. In other words, as far as you show Babylon, this is as deep as Babylon will wipe everything. Yes, sir. I want 15 more years. Can I continue? Can I continue? Says the Lord. And of your sons. Hey. Oh. Oh. Oh. Please can you read with me? Verse 18. And of your what? Sons. So his error affected his own children. Parent. Put your house in order. Parent. Put your house in order. parent put your house in order. Your error will go far than you think. Do you follow me? He says, "And of your sons that shall issue from you, these sons shall what? Which thou shalt beget?" Uhhuh. That Let's go. The sons that you have are the sons that I shall issue. So even the future children you have not give to birth yet you will have more children and the children that are coming up are already doomed. Remember those children was in in his lungs. Follow me carefully. If Hezekiah die, he died with them. My friend these are in the thunders. If Hezekiah die, he died with them and they are saved. But now Hezekiah ring, those children are coming up. And God was trying to remove them. I'm going to show you. I'm going to I have not entered brother Brham yet. Are we to please my time is gone. Work with me, my friend. Work with me, my friend. Those children were not born yet, and God wanted to take them to go together. Now, Hezekiah, the children are coming up. And God said, "The children that are coming up, can I continue? Which you shall father in the future shall they take away? And they shall be unique in the palace of the king of what? Babylon. Your children that you will be having from today, those children, they will be slave in Babylon. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you tell a normal parent that how will be the reaction of the parent? Will will the parent be happy? No. The parent will be how let's see Hezekiah. Verse verse 19. Then say Hezekiah to Isaiah, good is the word of the Lord which you have spoken. And he said, "Is it not good if peace and truth be in my days?" Do you know what it means? Do you know what it means? In other words, h in my time living here, me I will be good and when I will go and those curses will happen to my children. Now you begin to understand something different. Can I continue? Can I continue? Oh, but me my life is there. If they don't want to listen there themselves, they will reap what they want. Can I continue? Can I continue? Let's see the scene of Ezekiah. Go to 2 Chronicles 32. And we're going to stop here. 2 Chronicles 32. If you can hurry, so we can stop here. 2 Chronicles 32 verse 24. And some of people's prayer of Hezekiah will be answers. Those who want to quit. You there. 2 Chronicles 32 verse 24. If you can go there, we can finish. We there. The same story because the king and the chronicles tell you the same story, but one give you more detail. Follow me and I'm heading to the airport. Buckle up. Verse 24. In those day Hezekiah was sick to death. Now you understand what it means. And prayed to the Lord and he spoke to him and gave him a water a but Hezekiah handled not again according to the benefit done to him. Yes sir. For his heart was what? Lifted up. So after God gave him that saved the Lord that changed the mind of God, a proud spirit. [Applause] Do you follow me? A proud careless spirit enter Hezekiah. When God say, "Hey, my time has come. Leave the earth right now." Hezekiah say I need to stay. God say really you crying like this? Okay, get it. As soon as that say the Lord was reversed, a proud care callous spirit came, sat down on Hezekiah. I'm going to hear the brother Brandham. The Bible says verse uh uh 25, but Hezekiah rendered not again. In other words, he didn't return back according to the benefit of in other words, God did him good, but he's not returning to God good anymore. How can a righteous man now cannot return good? Because he went past the divine purpose. He crossed the divine purpose. He entered the permissive will of God. Now the devil have a right. [Applause] Follow me, my friend. When I say things stay away, stay away because you're going to cross in bad territory. He says he says uh and and and for his uh for his heart was what? Lifted up. Therefore, there was rough upon him and upon Judah. And upon what? Jerusalem. So, everybody begin to suffer because of Hezekiah. Now the nation is suffering. The cities are suffering. God is angry with everybody because he stay alive. Amen. Can I continue? I'm almost done, my friend. Verse 26. Not withstanding, Hezekiah did what? Humbled himself for the proud of what? Of his heart. Both he and the inhabitant of what? Jerusalem. So his influence influence even the nation. Now everybody begin to behave like him. Amen. So that the wrath of God came not upon them in the days of who? You there. And Hezekiah had exceeding much water, riches and water and honor. He made himself treasure for water, silver, and for water. for gold toward Babylon for water. Precious stone toward Babylon for water. Spices toward Babylon for water toward Babylon and all manner of water, pleasant jewels toward Babylon. Storehouse also for the increase of water toward Babylon and wine and oil and store for all manner of beast and f for water flocks. Moreover, he provided him cities and possession of flock and heard in abundance. For God has given him what substance very much the substance that could be kept for his kingdom. Everything is going to Babylon. Are we there? Verse 30. This same Hezekiah also stopped the upper water course of Ghon and brought it straight down to the west side of the city of David. And Hezekiah prosper in all his water works. Watch. However, in the business of the ambassadors of the princes of what? Babylon. Do you see what I'm saying? You just read that. Who sent who sent to him to inquire of the wonder? So they came like ah we heard God did something big for you. Of the wonder. Amen. That was done in the land. God left him. Follow me. God have left him to do what? to try him that he man know all that was where in his heart. So when the king of Babylon sent people God was watching Hezekiah now and the pride that was in him a a spirit rose up and because of that he now put his entire seed his entire nation in jeopardy because of what he wanted to do. Let's finish with William Marion Brham. Brother Brham say yet he grant you permission for to make permit your will a permissive what will knowing what is in your heart. Follow me my friend. Buckle up. Yet he did what? Prospers. You say you can't believe that by prosperity. You can't judge God by what? Prosperity. The world prosper. Bam prosper. But brother, you judge God how? By his word. He keep his word and identify it what? The truth. So remember friend, as long as you live, don't never forget this. God does not change what? His mind. Yet he will what? Bless. He will let you go his permissive will, but he won't change his mind. He won't change his plan. He won't change his word for you. No, sir. You've got to change. Amen. You can't have God's word to match your experience. You got to have your experience to match what? God's word. Are we together? I'm going to the airport, my friend. Brother Brandham said, Hezekiah, as soon as he knew he was a good man, but God say your time has come, Hezekiah, I must take you. I want you. I'm going to take you out. Put all your househ how in order. He said the only one who can tell us the prayer of Hezekiah is brother Brham. Now brother Brham say Hezekiah said to God it shall take me 15 years to do that. [Music] So where is the 15 years coming from Hezekiah? [Music] Brother Steven, that is brother Brham. I don't see that in the scripture. Take Isaiah because I was sitting down and the Holy Spirit I say where is this thing with Hezekiah brother is talking about and finally you there you there take Isaiah 38 my friend last scripture Isaiah 38 where is the because Hezekiah was with Isaiah the prophet you remember? So you can find him in Isaiah. Isaiah 38. Let's go one one one verse. Isaiah 35. You there? Uh 30 uh 38. I'm sorry. Verse five. You there? Please preach with me so I go. You there? You there? Yes. Amen. Verse four. Let's go forward. I read it to then came the word of the Lord to who? Isaiah. Saying go and say to who? Hezekiah. Thus sayith the Lord the God of David. Your what? Thy father. I have heard what? Thy prayer. I have seen your tears. Behold, I will add I will add to you how many days? 15 years. So I have heard your what? Prayer. And because I heard your prayer, I'm going to add how many years? 15 years. So what was add what was Hezekiah asking in prayer? 15 years. It takes brother Bran my friend. Are we together? So who was praying for 15 years? Hezekiah. So Hezekiah went to God and said please give me how many years? 15 years. But God say now put your house in order. Hezekiah say 15 years. And brother Brandham is describing us. Brother Brandham say I will it will take me what? 15 years to do that Lord to do what? Set your house in order. God say do it now. You say it was going to take me how many years? 15 years. How many times have I seen people, you need to be baptized now? Oh no, I need to wait a little bit. I'm too young. I'm too young to get baptized. Good luck. He says, "It shall take me how many years?" 15 years. You need to give your life to the Lord now. No, I need to wait a little bit. To do that now. I know I'm going. I know I'm going, Lord, but it's going to take me 15 years to put my house in order. I can't do it right now. I have not got the time to do it. I just can't get it done. Lord, let me live another 15 years so I can get this thing done. I can put my wife. See, God's commission was what? Put your house in order. He's saying how many years does he need? 15. Don't worry. I'm s I'm finishing with brother Brandham. Hezekiah say I can I can do it in this year. It's going to take me time. It looks like God is your friend. God, I understand, but I need my time. It's I take this back and make this up and take it over there to this fellow here. It shall take me 15. In other words, I need to fix with this. I need to go fix this. I need and all of that need 15 years. Wow. It shall take me 15 years to do it. Just spare me to do it. Give me a little time to do it. See, then God say, I'll be what? Lenion. Do you know what lenient mean? I'll be permissive. I'm going to tolerate but the demon is coming on you. But he had to die what? Anyhow, even after 15 years, you will die. And you asking God for 15 years when the perfect time was thus say the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says, "And then again he took his time. He backsliding." This is brother Brandham. During that time, follow me my friend. He would be better. If he would have went on without it being set in order. Brother Brham say it was better. Leave the house. You go because you carrying your children. Go with your children. Amen. Hallelujah. That's right. But he gave him 15 years longer to put his house on order because quickly what he did, what did he do? He said, "Lord, I am slow. I need 15 years to do it. You got commissioned me to put my house in order. I can't do it for 15 years because I got a loan here." [Music] Ah, shake somebody's head. We going to the airport. Shake somebody's head. We going to the airport. [Applause] Can I continue? You need to get prepared for the rapture. Oh, I got a loan. I got a car loan. I'm still too young. I need to enjoy my time. God need to wait for me to get married so that the rapture can come. [Applause] Fix your house. No, I need to pay a loan. Start being on church. Oh no, I'm still having a lot to say. Spare me time. God is speaking to you. He said, "I got the Lord what here and I got this way over here. I got this way over here to do." Now, he was a godly man. And God's word got to happen anyway. It's going to come to pass anyway. But he stayed for a little while, hold it off. Then he done a sin during that time. He said, "He won't make it come upon me, but he shall visit upon my children after him." So selfish. Are we together? We finishing here. All right. God spoke to the prophet. He said, "Go back and tell him I did what?" I heard him. And what did he do? He brought disgrace. Please help me. Give me five minutes. He brought what? Disgrace to the water. The whole nation. He kindled the anger of God until he would have killed him. That's why do you know that he did what? Backslid on God. He would have been far better on his will. Amen. Of nation, king and all if he would have went and took God first what thing to him. The first ticket God give take it. But he didn't see eternal life that he's going to live with God on and on and on and on. He want to spend give me 15 years so I can enjoy myself before I leave this world. Amen. Amen. But he look hard on the prophet when the prophet had to go back and speak the word to God of God to him after he done this. But God say do what? Go ahead. But you see he brought what? A disgrace. That's why brother Brandham says this. I was just waking up and laying there a little bit directly. I heard something coming into the room and I look and there was something moving in the room and I jump up and I say Lord what would you have your servant know God say do not rebuke that that is the hand of the Lord they brought brother Brham a situation a message believer believing brother Brham with all his heart the baby was dying and mama pleaded and brother Brham was praying and God came. God said, "Do not rebuke that. That baby need to die. Follow me. I'm going to the airport. If you look over here, you're going to see the city of Shalot Desad on the window." Amen. Amen. God came to brother. He said, "Don't rebuke. Let that baby go." Matter of fact, baby goes to heaven. Amen. Do you follow me? Brother say, "Do not rebuke that." So I got her on the phone. I say no, God has called your baby. And so when she come over to see us, the baby died. The woman came to visit brother because I need to know. I was a good woman. I believe the message. God took the baby. He told the prophet that's the Lord take the baby. When she came to see us the night, left her at the house. When I left yesterday, she said, "What was it, brother?" Brandham, my weakness of faith. Was I weak in faith that God took my baby? Follow me. Spoken word. I said you have great faith. You pray for your baby. You and your husband hold on to it. God to raise that baby and he refused to do it because he knows what is best. [Music] I hope we are together because he knows what is what best and you still love him. That is real faith. Anybody when the mountains are moving and things can have what? Faith. But let it go backward one time. Let God say no. Amen. And see how he works. That is when you prove whether you got faith or not. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Well, I went out and pray again. I was in the woods that night. Then of course the little baby had to be taken care of. And then just as I was coming in the Lord Jesus, a vision strike standing in front of me and I heard his voice say, "Don't rebuke that." That is the hand of the Lord. So I knew then that God for some reason had taken her baby where to glory. And it was certainly against the will of the Lord for me to say anything contrary to it. Amen. Amen. Divine purpose and Hezekiah prayer. That's why when you pray, you say, "Thy will be done." Because God knows what is best. Hallelujah. God stop something. You keep pushing. You keep pushing. You keep pushing. You can get yourself in trouble. Amen. Amen. Let's stop here. Then we're going to pick up Paul and show you another angle. Let's stand. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Keep this story in mind because without this you will have a problem understanding Paul. Yes, sir. because I know there is something lingering but we will solve it next Sunday Lord's willing when we pick up on Paul and now you're going to see what goes in because I know your question. So how do I know when a sickness is the will of God or not? Keep it in keep it keep it. How do I know when the sickness is of God or not so that I know not to pray? We'll get to that now next Sunday because this have to be put place because you going with a demand. God say no. So how do I know? Because I have not even touched the man that was born in John 9. We have not touched that man yet. Because that man was sick. We have not touched that sickness yet. Now you're going to see how do you know what can we do not to fall under Hezekiah's error next Sunday. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, thanking you for your grace, for your love and your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as you wanted us to go. And we thank you for speaking to our soul and touching somebody because you spoke specifically to someone this morning. Father, the time is late. Prophecy are going every single year. Things that the prophet spoke for years, they are happening simultaneously, one after the other, showing us that we don't have much time in this world. You are coming to take your bride out. Lord, may you be merciful to the young people. May you remove that spirit of rebellion and stubbornness and worldliness. May you remove any unclean spirit from them. May father you come and bring them to their conscience so that they can realize how late the hour it is. Not only young people but even adult even young children all of us together bring us to a conscience father that we can see the seriousness of the hour and lay aside like Hezekiah everything that is contrary to the word every adult that is contrary to this message and lay it aside completely so that we can trust you and serve you and not fall into the trap of Babylon. Babylon was lurking for Hezekiah because he seen how the Lord blessed Hezekiah. Babylon saw how Hezekiah gave his life to the Lord. Babylon saw the dedication of Hezekiah with the Lord and he was waiting for an opportunity. And father, there is another Babylon today, a mystery Babylon that is watching this brother that is looking around, that is investigating message churches to see what are we doing. Lord, Father, may spoken word wake up. May the young people wake up. May the parents wake up. May the adult wake up, the older wake up, the younger wake up so that we can see that Babylon is lurking. It is the time of Babylon. The pope is right there in full power. May we become serious with your word and may we give nothing way but that safe the Lord and the perfect will of God because that is what will save us. So that when the time will come that we have to depart from this world into the rapture, we won't have anything that would tell us to ask you to linger the rapture. We will be ready because the spirit and the brat say come father help us up and help us up into the water of baptism outside of so that you may touch sister Diana in a supernatural way. Father, come down and break everything. Every tie from the world, every tie from the family, every unclean spirit, everything that the devil attack her, remove it from her life and may heaven be open up and the spirit of the Lord fill her in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. We love you. What is your [Applause] We do have choir practice after uh the water baptism. Let's sing as they get prepared. When I look around and see the good things he has done for me, I know I know he made me worthy of them all. But his blessings, his blessings he freely gives. And I owe I owe my life to him. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so much to thank him for. So much so much to praise him for. Have you seen he has been so good to me? Oh, and when I think of what he's done and where he has brought me from, I've got so much to thank him for. And sometimes while this way I need and I stop and say thank you Jesus for all you've done for me. And one day one day I'll reach the heaven shore only. Just let me. I've got so much to thank him for. And I've got so so much to thank him for so much to praise him for. Yes. You see, he has been so good to me. When I think when I think of what he's done away from I've got so much to Let's sing it one more time. And I've got so much to thank him for so much to praise him for. has been so good to me. And when I think I need my [Music] body has brought me from I've got so much to sing it this way now. And I've got so much to thank you for so much. to praise you for you see you have been so good to me when I think when I think of what you've done I've got so [Music] much I've got so to thank him for so much so much to praise him for. Yes, you see so good to me. And when I think I think of what he's done and brought me from my God. Let's sing it once more as y'all climb the exit for the baptism. Amen. Oh, praise God. And I've got to thank you for so much to praise you for all you see. You have been so good to me. And when I think I think of what you've done and where and where you brought me from. I've got so much to thank you for. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Laughter] [Music] Shall we gather at the river where bright angel feet have tried with it crystal kind forever flowing by the throne of God. Oh yes, we'll gather at the river. The beautiful the beautiful river. We'll gather with the saints at the river that flows by the throne of God. Along the bosom of the river, where the sacred king we are, we shall be in sorrow. Keep the glory of the throne. Oh yes, we'll gather at the river, the beautiful, beautiful river. Gather with the saints at the river that flows by the throne of
