################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 58 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 58 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U6umu4rBW3Y
========================================

refer to tonight. I was thinking on the subject of what we're here [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh Lord. Lord my God, when I in all [Music] wonder consider all the world thy hands have made. [Music] I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. [Music] Thy power [Applause] throughout the universe [Music] disord my savior God to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great thou [Music] are. Sing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Let's sing the third verse there. When I think and when I think that God his son [Music] not send him to die. [Applause] I shares can take it in [Applause] that cross my burdens bearing. He died to take away my sin. He sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are singing my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. Sing my soul, myior God to [Music] thee, how great, how great. [Music] Almighty God, Lord, we thank you for your presence here this morning, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for your redeeming power, Lord, in our lives, Lord God. We thank you, Lord, for the sacrifice that you made on Calvary, Lord, that we might be able to sit here in your presence, Lord God, to hear your revealed word of the hour, Lord God, and to let it quicken that seed that you placed in us, Lord God, before the foundation of the world. Lord, how we long to just want to sit in your presence like this, Lord, and just to love you, Lord God. So we ask Lord God first Lord but we want to thank you first Lord. We want to thank you for everything that you do for us each and every day Lord. We want to thank you for your mercy and your grace in our lives Lord God. We want to thank you for the love that you've shown us Lord that we can pass it on Lord not only to our brothers and sisters Lord but to everyone that we meet Lord God that they may see Jesus Lord God. Have mercy today Lord. Bless our musicians this morning, Lord. Bless our singers this morning, Lord. Bless our technicians this morning also, Lord God. And bless our pastor, Lord. Use the strength that you've given him, Lord. Use the revelation that you placed on his heart, Lord, and come forth today, Lord, revealing yourself to us a little bit more this morning, Lord God, for that's what we've gathered for in your name, Lord, is to know you, Lord. and not only to know you but to know who we are as well, Lord. And we thank you, Father. We thank you for the fellowship that we shared yesterday, Lord. And we just ask, Lord God, as we are seeing, Lord, that there's others that need to come on in this morning, Lord God. May you give them safe travel, Lord. May we just have a good time, Lord. Let us make some noise in your presence, Lord, to let you know how much we love you, Lord, as we sing and as we amen your word, Lord. And bless us, Lord. Bless this precious congregation, Lord. What a joy it is, Lord, to fellowship amongst this group. Lord, bless our viewers, Lord, our screeners, Lord, as well. Streamers, we thank you, Father. We give everything to you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ this morning. Amen. And amen. Let's give him a clap offering. Hallelujah. You may turn around also and greet your neighbor and say, "Welcome to the house of the Lord." We've got kind of a busy morning. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise the Lord. [Music] Alive, alive, alive forever more. My Jesus is alive, alive forever more. Alive, alive, alive forever more. My Jesus is alive forever more. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelu. My Jesus is alive and alive forever more. Sing hallelu. Sing halleluj. My Jesus is my life. Alive, alive, alive forever more. My Jesus is alive, alive forever more. Alive, alive, alive forever more. My Jesus is alive forever more. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. My Jesus is alive. Alive forever more. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. My Jesus is alive. I never get weary. I never get weary. I never get weary. Praising my Jesus. I never get weary. I never get weary. I never get weary. I never get weary. Praising my Jesus. I never get weary. Well, I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting. Praising my Jesus. I feel like shouting now. Well, I never get weary. Oh, I never get weary. I never get weary. Praising my Jesus. I never get weary yet. So I feel like singing now. I feel like singing now. I feel like singing praising my Jesus. I feel like singing now. So I never get weary. I never get weary. I never get weary. Praise him. My Jesus. I never get weary. have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairy stock in thousand to my soul. The lily of the valley I see. All I need to make me fall. In sorrow he my comfort and trouble my stay. He tells me every on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's a li of the valley. The brightest morning star. He's the fairness to my soul. For he all my grief has taken and all my sorrow. In temptation he's my strong and mighty t. I have all for him for taken all my eyes from my heart and now he keeps me by his all the world forsake me and Satan's empty sword through Jesus I shall safely reach that go hallelujah he's the li of the valley the brightest morning star he's the has done to my soul. Now he will never never leave me nor yet forsake me while I live my faith into his blessing. A lot of fire about me. From this man I he my hungry soul shall be sweeping up to glory to see his blessed face where the delight shall ever roll. Hallelujah. He's the li of the valley of bright and morning star. Jesus down into my soul. Will Jesus hold my [Applause] hand? I need every and protect me by thy saving power. I feel Lord look out on me and when I need I know I'll meet you there. Oh blessed Jesus hold my hand now as I travel through this hill from where there is a friend who walks with me. He leads me safely through the sinking and it is the Christ at Calary. [Music] would be my friend Lord to me through the best I can for my life to guide me day and night. Oh blessed Jesus hold my hand. And Jesus hold my hand. I need [Music] every protest me by thy saving power here my people. Oh Lord, look down on me. And when I need prayer, I know I need you. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Don't let me travel in the light. Be thy thy blessed way. [Music] Keep me that I may be holy and singe songs. Oh, I will be a dream and true day. [Music] I always go and I need that. Blessed Jesus, hold my hand. Where Jesus hold my hand every hour and pray. [Music] Oh my [Music] thous. Oh Lord, look down on me. And I will I know I meet you there on Jesus. Let's sing that last verse. Hallelujah. Now when I travel through the valley in toward the saving of the sun, you lead me safely to a land of rest if I find a life I want. I have nothing to be here that I may be sh Oh, there's no other friend I can defend. Oh, blessed Jesus hold my hand. Oh Jesus, hold my hand. [Music] I [Music] feel by my s power. [Music] Oh, look down on me. And when I feel when I blessed Jesus, oh [Music] my. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Hold my hand, Lord. Glory to God. Y'all can be seated for just a minute. I got a little bit to read. We have a testimony this morning. We have a couple of specials. And obviously with the tub out front, we got a baptism to do today. A water baptism. Amen. Wonderful. That's right. Sister Cynthia. Is Jesus alive? Ma'am, he's alive forever more, isn't he? She wanted to give God glory. All the glory for what he's done for her. Amen. And let's give him a clap offer. Praise God. A dead God don't do that. Just Just Oh, you going to come up and Come on. Amen. Amen. Good morning, saints. My name is Christ Cynthia. Some people call me Cynthia, but my nickname is Gal. If it's all right with you, I'm going to read you what I have written down because I didn't want to miss a single word of what God laid on my heart. Saints, I just want to take a moment to testify about something God showed me this past weekend. First off, my cousin looked at me and said, "Yeah, you look like a Christian woman." Amen. And I said, "Well, I try Then Sunday came. I went to take some food over to my aunt's house. She had just lost her husband. I wasn't trying to do anything special. Just trying to be helpful. Just trying to do what I could. But when I walked in, my first cousin looked at me and said, "You shining." Then she then she looked to another cousin who was standing at the sink and said, "Look at Gal. Gal is shining." She said, "Just look, she's shining." And saints, that touched me because I wasn't trying to shine. I was just trying to show up with love. Amen. So I just want to say this to you all today. You got to live in a way where people don't just hear about God from you. Amen. They see God in you [Applause] in how you walk, in how you talk, in how you love, in how you serve. Let your light shine. Amen. Let it shine so bright that even when you're silent, God is loud. I went back and I looked at a message that brother Brandham quoted 61 0903. The title of the message was, "Let your light so shine before men." Amen. And in paragraph 163, he said, "I want to walk so godly before men that people think of me the same as they did of him." I want to be like Jesus Christ. I love you all and may God continue to bless each and every one of you all. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. So, sister Sister Naomi um contacted me earlier this week um this one. We got two this and she wanted to uh also give a testimony this morning in I'm not used to get here but I had to I had to speak up so good. So in the past three weeks I've been praying but I was feeling like I was absent coming to church was good. When I get home I pray but I was feeling like something say and on Saturday last Saturday I pray God I was like God I need to see you you say you hear prayer I need to see you but I don't know what sign I'll come back at night and I'll tell you what sign you need to show me so I need that I know that he's on Sunday morning I wake up I pray the same prayer I didn't know what I needed from God I just knew that I needed God and After Sunday, I went back home. I was tired and I just went I was like, "Okay, God. My spirit is telling me that first I need I needed to make it rain. But I don't need you to make it rain when I'm at work." Because when it's raining, I'm at work. I don't know is winning. And when I'm driving home, I don't want to drive under the rain cuz it's it's a long drive. So, I needed to make it rain. But when I'm close to be at home, when I'm not far from from home. So that way I see that that's you and I forget about it. And on Monday I went to work. I was just tired working and then I just went for a walk. I repeated the same thing and I forget about it. And on Tuesday after work it was hot. It was really hot. And then on my way I was sweating. I was like I just need to go home. And 10 minutes away from work, I just felt like I needed to pray. And I put the music in it. And then I start praying. I started praying in French because that's my first language. And then I pray I I switch the language. I start praying in English, which is unusual because I don't pray in English most of the time. And then couple minutes after that, I start speaking in tongue, which is my first time ever. I tried to cover my mouth but I couldn't stop it and I start speaking in tongue and the Holy Spirit took me like I had to pull over because I couldn't drive at all. So the Holy Spirit took me and put me on the passenger seat and I was looking at myself speaking and I couldn't believe and I start crying. And then after that when I started driving when I was like okay now I need to get home because I can't do this. And on my way home, I was less than 10 minutes away. The sun was shining, but it started raining so hard. And then God told me like, "Naomi, it's raining." And I was like, "Yes, it's raining." And he's like, "You ask for the rain. It's raining." And I was like, "God, what are you saying?" He said, "I hear all prayers." I just wanted to give thanks to God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand. We have one prayer request this morning. Besides all of us having an experience like that, right? Amen. Um I got word that brother smiling this morning. Um had a flat tire on the way to church. He's going to be here, but he's late. But they they it means enough for him to send me, you know, the prayer request. So I want to honor that. Amen. So I want to ask brother Charles, you're right here. We do have two specials this morning. Amen. bless you this morning like you ought to help me pray. God knows I don't know everybody's burdens and everybody's desires and I can't pray for you the way you can pray for yourself. I can't thank the Lord for you the way you can thank the Lord for yourself. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for wonderful testimonies, Lord God. Lord, you prove that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, you prove, heavenly Father, that your word is true, Father. You prove, heavenly Father, that this message, Father, that we believe, Lord, is packed with the supernatural, Lord, is packed with the power and demonstration, Lord God. And we give you thanks for it, Father. For we are such an unworthy people, Lord God, but by your grace, Father, you elected us, Father, and you chose us to be worthy, Lord God. So we give you thanks for that, Lord Jesus. And Father, the best that we know how to do, Father, to humble ourselves in your presence, Lord, to give you praise, to give you honor, Lord God, to lift your name above every name, Lord, in every situation and circumstance, Lord God. Lord, we praise you, Lord God, for your goodness, Lord, towards us, heavenly father. We thank you for that elective love, Lord God, that you shower down, Lord, through this message, Lord God. And though we suffer many things, Father, Lord, you hear our prayers, Lord, whenever we pray, Lord God, but you answer in your time, and you answer in your way, Father, and you do exceeding and abundantly, Lord, more than we can ask or think, Lord Jesus. Now, Father, we pray for our precious brother Smiley, Lord God. Father, we pray, Lord God, that you move speedily, Lord, upon the tire being fixed, heavenly father, that he might come in, Lord, and rejoice and praise the Lord with us, Lord, and step into an atmosphere, Father, and give thanks, Lord Jesus Christ, for what you have done for him, Lord God. Father, we pray, Lord God, for each and every need, Lord, online, Lord God, and among us, Lord Jesus Christ, that you meet our requests, Father, granted us the desires of our heart, Lord God. Father, we pray for the tithes and offerings, Lord God, and the building fund. Father, that you grant us an increase, Father, for thy name's sake, Lord God, for all effort we do, Lord God. You said that offering, Lord, is a part of worship, Lord God. We want to give you all our worship and praise, Lord God. But, Lord, there's nothing we can do without you first doing it in us, Lord God, before you first, Lord God, providing, Lord God, the finances for us, Lord God. And we pray, Lord God, that you move in a powerful way, Lord God, touch someone's heart. You touch someone's heart, Father, to give Brother Bran money, Lord God, for his for his uh his ministry, Lord God, when he had to go on a trip, Father, touch someone's heart, heavenly Father, Lord, to provide the finances, Lord, for your kingdom in your name's sake, Lord Jesus Christ. And we promise to give you all the praise, y glory, Lord God. Bless the remainder of the service, Lord God, the worship, Lord God, and songs, Lord God, that will be sung, Lord Jesus. And even our pastor, Lord God, bless him, Lord God, that he might take his rest, Father. He's labored, Lord God. He's done his part, Lord God. He separated himself, Lord God. Lord God, and he sanctified himself, Lord God, for thy name's sake, Lord God. He's done all that a man can do, Father. Lord, now it's your turn, Lord Jesus Christ. And we look to hear from you. Allow him to take his rest, Father. Let you do the work that you promised, Lord. We commit all things into thy hands in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Y'all might be seated. We're going to invite sister um Shipper to come up and sing this morning. Amen. And then Lily has a Lily has a short a short song up heard um also this morning. [Music] We have been born in an eagle age by an eagle prophet's message to manifest the living word for our day. We have been given wings to fly way up in the sky where no other bird can fly in the head of the atmosphere to fly you. Let's fly so high where the word of God [Music] is a living reality. So so high through eagles in the sky. Since your wings, let's [Music] wor from this world of fear and doubt. We have been given eyes to see. He's the reveal of the fulfilling [Music] prophecy to see our position in God's [Music] word only so high where the word of [Music] is a living [Music] reality. So, so high true in the sky. Your wings and power. [Music] [Music] My soul might [Music] [Music] We have been gathered by the sh that call us out from this fear of war. [Music] And I've been given eyes to see all the mysteries are being revealed. Our lives are fulfilling for all your sins. to see our position in God's world to fight where all the angels go and just so [Music] high you so to eat in the sky. just [Music] situation. We are not called to be an earthbound. I miss you marks on the ground to be living up and down. I began to change and lift it up. I formed a mountain top just sitting in a glass for the [Music] world. Heat. Heat. [Music] in the sky. [Music] So high with the word of [Music] God reality to soul so high in the sky. Oh set your wingsless. [Music] Just set your [Music] we hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Woo! Glory. Glory. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Applause] Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] who laid foundations for heaven and earth. Jesus the mighty one who gave us voices to echo his word. Jesus the mighty one who came his song among thousands of stars. Jesus the mighty one craving the majesty of who you are. Jesus the mighty one. Sing praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Halleluah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty [Music] one who brings the waters when we ask for rain. Jesus the mighty one who sets the path for the lightning to take. Jesus the faithful one who lifts the sun at the break of each day. Jesus the faithful one who tells creation to bow and obey. Jesus the faithful one. Great. Great Lord. You're great God. You're great God. [Music] Praise the Lord. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one. And who cast the rod from our eneus the sovereign one. And who parts the sea makes us walk on dry land. Jesus the sovereign one. And who casts fear tells the darkness to flee. Jesus the sovereign one. Now we rejoice because you set us free. Jesus the one. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the one mighty. Jesus the mighty one. Woo! [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the mighty one. Jesus the mighty one. [Applause] Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you Jesus. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Woo! Brother Charles. Brother Charlie, y'all remember what I said before I came up here? I said, "I feel good today. Something is going to happen." Amen. [Applause] Now we get to hear his word speak. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's invite our pastor out now. What a wonderful atmosphere. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Oh, believe. [Music] Oh, believe all things are possible. [Music] Ally [Music] believe. Oh believe. All things are [Music] possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. [Music] Oh, I [Music] believe I [Music] believe Lord [Music] Oh, one more time. Jesus is here, please. Jesus is here. Thank you, Jesus. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Lord Jesus is here. Amen. You believe he's here. He's already here. Amen. [Applause] Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you very much musician. God richly bless you for everything. Hallelujah. It's amazing hearing testimonies yesterday and what God is doing in the life of his children and continue to do. Amen. Praise God. You might be seated and let me go through some announcement this morning. I have quite a bit of it. So you need to bear with me so that everything will be all right by God's grace. Amen. We need time. I told Brother Robert, I say, "Broad Robert, I need time." And my charger for some reason uh and for my microphone is charged for 8 hours 11 minute. Thank God nobody had a heart attack. We won't have a heart attack here. Amen. So, I got plenty plenty of charging. So I need more time. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Any family members here first time, second time. God richly bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Maybe I don't know your name but you're not a visitor. You're a family member. Welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Amen. Uh I want to apologize for those online because uh our invisible audience they expressed a concern last Sunday. We had to turn YouTube off for about 30 minutes. So somebody was like uh we were ready for the word. So my apology we were giving an announcement and uh not all announcement need to be on YouTube. Some of them need to be for a personal local church. So if you hear you would know it but online sometime we try to watch what we saying especially if it's something really local that's the reason why we had to do it. So our apology maybe next time Lord's willing we will give the announcement at the end if I remember. So we will continue to flow with the service together. Amen. So I got that one clear. Give me some time. I need to go one after the other and make sure. So turn your clock off. Yeah, because it's taking my time. Amen. I believe we up to date with the sermon. We are reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood book, Church Ages, 70 weeks of Daniel, the seals adoption. Or somebody is listening or reading the message of the hour. Amen. We had a wonderful question and answer yesterday. Oh, praise be to the name of the Lord. [Applause] And not only wonderful but our sister, the young sister did great. They cook very well. So we want to always acknowledge that. Amen. Never take things for granted. If everything is working well, we had a nice fellowship and everything was well prepared, organized, on time, which I really like. On time. that one. I need to give you a very big thumbs up. So, God bless you for everything. Amen. And I apologize again. Next apology for those that were on Zoom for some reason the the what do you call it? The caller the connection keep dropping dropping. So before somebody sent and complain we we had an invisible audience. So I apologize again. The technician has been working with me to find an equipment with a higher capacity of hotspot. The equipment came yesterday. You saw me for those that were there bringing a big box to brother set yesterday. So the technician need to work on it and make sure they know what they're doing and we need to try it to make sure wherever we are now we don't depend on anyone's internet. We will have our own hotspot internet that we can move around with it. So that's so I apologize. It's not really the zoom. It's just the connection keep dropping dropping dropping. We already pay zoom for the whole year. So it's about the connection. So we working on it. By God's grace we will be there. So again our apology and the next um uh question and answer will be in July. That will be the quarterly. So you got a break like 3 month 3 month either July or August whichever one the deacon will communicate once they get the date then we bring it to you and put it on the group chat but the majority of the quotes that you needed I already put it on the group chat they are clear and the Lord helped me because I had to to to be on the sermon and then finishing up the sermon and everything. So brother Manhattan had couple quotes that he sent me. I was like praise the Lord. So thank you brother Manhattan for the quote because I use it directly and put it on the chat so everybody can have it. Amen. So if you have any question for what we say the quotes are there. Make sure whenever I put a quotes it's for you. It is no longer my responsibility. Some of you glance and they don't want to read it. So that's your problem between you and God. As far as a shepherd I did my part. So the ball is on your hand. Amen. Praise God. So either it's going to be July because this was uh April, May, June, July. So either July or August, whichever it's going to go, sister, you'll figure it out. Amen. So the deacon will do it. Uh our married couple meeting will be on May the 10th. This will be part six. So again, if you have questions, we cover a lot. If you have question put them on the question box so we review as we moving along or this will be your own decision with the deacon. If we finish this uh series that we going with married couple meeting I can take one series when we sit down and go one on one and you ask question where you miss something but some people won't be able to have enough courage to do that. So to avoid that, you can put your question right there in the question box and go ahead and I will look it up. You don't have to put your name. I will take your question and go ahead and review a part of something that you didn't get well. But if I don't receive it, I assume you got the me uh the material correctly and we move on. Are we together? Brother Benjamin, can you say amen? Amen. Uhuh. Your microphone is not on. Amen. Uhhuh. A little bit more. Can you give him a little volume? So I don't have to depend on someone. Go ahead. Amen. Ah, praise God. So, so if I don't hear anything, everything is okay. Amen. Praise God. So, it's May the 10th. Make sure you you are there. Lord's willing. The young man meeting will be on June the 7th. We will start courtship with the young men. Then we get into engagement. They really really are anxious and waiting for that. So I can see their faces. So don't worry about it. So we will start courtship with them then engagement because they are again behind. So just remember whenever something is already established in this church and it's already been proven by the Bible and by the message of the hour, it becomes a standard for this church. In other words, I will never dodge from the teaching or the standard that have been brought from the word of God and the message of the hour in plain word. If you bring to me something that is contrary to what we already been taught here, I'm not going to do it. Amen. Brother, can you say amen, my friend? Amen. Ah, so if you bring me something that is contrary to what I already been teaching here, I'm not going to be part of it. I'm not going to take it. So don't put pressure on me. Don't even put pressure on the song leader or the congregation and don't even come to put pressure because we didn't announce it here. I'm just not going to be part of it. Are we together? Amen. You can find another pastor and he can go bless you and do whatever he want to do. But as for me and my house and this church, we stay behind the message of the hour. Are we clear? Praise God. So don't start fasting. Everything is okay. So the youngman meeting that is June the 7th, Lord's willing, we will meet together. Now the deacon already have their uh uh computers and all the married couple meeting are already loaded there. So whoever want to review you can go ahead and talk to the deacon. They will put the dates there and then we move on. So you give them time because it's a lot of meeting. It's a four years meeting of question and answer that the technician need to download and download question and answer youngsmen. So it's a lot of work. So be patient. Once it's completed, every deacon will have it. But this is what I'm going to say because it's a tendency for human being. Whenever we put something as a backup, it's usually taken for granted. So people will purposely begin to miss Yeah. Come on, brother. That's the truth. session and meeting because they know that we got a backup. Since we got a streaming, somebody will stay home. Correct. and don't want to come to church because there is a streaming they can sit and have a coffee while they're listening to the message. So that's not going to be the case. No sir. Amen. With these things sir because the deacon are married with one wife. All the deacon are married and they got children and they got stuff to do. Amen. So the deacon will not be 24 hours available for you to keep missing meeting so that they're going to be available to wait for you to come and sit in the home four five hours to review. So we will do it. Amen. We will help you up. Amen. But do make an effort. Have a sacrifice. Whenever we have a date, be there. But if you want to review it again, no problem. the deacon will give you the date that they are available and you work around with them. So Lord willing they should be giving us date for May. You work with the deacon or with my wife and you go ahead and you see but first you start with the deacon because you cannot just say oh I'm not going to go there because I'm going to review with the deacon please. The deacon need a life too. Have I said something wrong? Can you help me my friend? Amen. I don't know what's wrong with his volume. Can you go again? Amen. Ah, I want to hear him clearly. So things are there but I have to say this. I have to say this so that no one take advantage of it like okay I'm not going to be there because I got something to back me up. So let's avoid that. Amen. But if you have a legitimate reason you cannot be there fine. But you're not going to stay home and say send me a Zoom because you just want to stay home. We're not going to send you a Zoom. Amen. Did I say something wrong? You cannot just say you need to talk to the deacon and give you a legitimate reason why you are not there before you receive it. But we not just going to be the if not everybody can stay at home and then the pastor can zoom everything. I'm sacrifying my time to be there. So somebody need to also make a sacrifice to be there so we can learn together. And every time you learn something and you go back and review it, you will understand it better. Yes, sir. So make an effort to be there. But if you cannot make it, there things are there available to help you out. So they are there, we will help you out. But I have to stress because we human being. Make an effort to be in the house of the Lord. Make an effort to be in the meeting. But if things happen, just talk to the deacon. They will kind of work with you and make sure you review things. Everybody clear? Amen. Everybody clear? Amen. So I got that one covered. The Lord's willing at the end of the service we have a water baptism for brother Boaz Namusaka. So by God's grace we're going to baptize [Applause] somebody. Praise God. Uh Lord's willing. This was given to me. We discussed this like two or three month before. So, I know people will say, "I wish I knew." No, no, no. We already discussed this, but we want to make sure that everything was working together for good because we have to take into consideration the health of our sister. But you heard the testimony yesterday. Everything is going well. So, Lord's willing on August the 30th, the venue is already been booked. It's the hotel where we do our meeting on August the 30th. Today it's what we instill in April. So you got May, you got June, you got July and you got what? Four months. August the 30th. Brother Glenn and Sister Joan will have their renewal. So Sister Joan is very excited about it. If you were yesterday, you already saw what happened yesterday. Almost a renewal of vow over there. Are we together? Are we together? How many years, brother Glenn? How many? [Applause] Do you know something? God is working in this church in a powerful way. Please give me my time. Let me be just a home. I had the quote yesterday and I didn't know how many years brother Glenn and his wife has been married. I didn't even know and I found a quote. If it was like three or four quotes and I pick one to use today and what I pick is exactly matching their ears. Brother, I I just ask him right now. I'm going to read the quote and you're going to see how God is working in a mysterious way. Yes, brother Glenn. You want to say something? One thing. Yes, sir. That's why she got away with what she did yesterday cuz it's jubilee. [Applause] So for the invisible audience, what brother Glenn is saying is Sister Joanne did what she did yesterday for those that were there because it's a jubilee. So we will be celebrating 50 years. 50 years of marriage. And if the Lord tell this is the type of marriage I want in this church. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? 50 years of marriage. Oh my God. Praise be to the name. The whole church. is invited. Amen. In a hotel. So don't look for something official. The whole church is invited. August the 30th. So make sure you be there and look nice. Have I say something wrong? Blessed be the name of the Lord. After question and answer yesterday, I linger a little bit and we ended up being in a meeting with my wife and uh one deacon was there. So I was well protected and then all the young sisters stays there and we begin to go in a meeting like a finances meeting again like a review. So we ended up with a decision like you know what if somebody is still struggling now personally in their finances and you need help because I already get you the principal talk to the deacon come let's sit let's go now one and teach you how you can get out of trouble quickly. I don't want to see any young men in this church or any young woman in this church struggling financially. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. I don't want to see anyone because sooner once I finish the first subject with the married couple, I'm going to move into finance to make sure everybody in this church is coming off of all those things because God came to deliver his children. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you hide it, that's your problem between you and God, then I continue. But it's available if you need help. Amen. Because some people want to I want my privacy. No problem. Keep your privacy till you die with it. So there's no problem with it. Amen. But when you go to your doctor, you don't keep your privacy. That's true, brother. When you go to your doctor, you tell him everything. I have this. And you check. You check. You check. And the doctor knows everything. Don't worry, my friend. Glory to God. So, before I read the quote, anyway, I'm going to read the quote and then we go from there because I didn't know this. This is really the spirit of the Lord working right here. Praise God. This is the quote. Brother Brandham says this. Can you see this clearly? He says, I was thinking I was thinking this afternoon we are going down to brother and sisterhood, right? Don't forget them. This is the golden wedding anniversary. I'm reading brother. Me and brother Glenn didn't talk last night. Amen. This is the what? Golden wedding anniversary. I believe the church they are going to have a dinner with them. Amen. This was in 1956 and it's matching what is happening today because it's the word of God. He says, "And I believe the church, they are going to have a dinner with them." I was thinking the other day, how many years? Years. How many years is brother Glenn and Sister Joanne being married? [Music] Golden Jubilee. [Laughter] And I see them both how wellaged. stricken. Have I say something? They are well age and what? I thought yes I am 47 years. There was they was just married 3 years before I was born. So now, Brother Glenn, Sister Joanne, you got your golden jubilee right there with a quote backing everything that you're trying to do and having the church to have a dinner with you. Amen. Are we together? 50 divided by two equal what? 45. Why are you saying that? Sister Olga and her husband. Yes, sir. Are celebrating the 25th anniversary, wedding anniversary. You see how the Lord is working. Brother Manhattan, just stand so everybody can be happy. You can come over here, my brother. We want the church to see you. And they look beautiful. A wonderful couple. Glory. Glory. Glory. Brother. You can stand right here. Congratulation, my brother. Congratulation. Congratulations, sister. You can stand right here and face the audience so they can see how good you [Applause] look. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. You see how church is so joyful and sister Olga has a testimony. Amen. So I'm going to let sister give her testimony before we pray for them and bless them again. So that from here to 50 if the Lord Terry everything double [Applause] double that sister speak perfect English but for some reason she want me to translate. Go ahead sister I will translate. God bless you. My testimony is not really related to marriage, but it's about my daughter, Sister Joa. I was not ready to give this testimony. I kept holding the testimony to myself. But I felt pressure that I have to do this because somebody somewhere is struggling. And I believe that my testimony will help somebody who's struggling to get faith. When we got married, me and my husband, we got two children, my two son without any problem. Brother Angelo and brother Don without any problem. We didn't want to stop there. We were planning on having other kids, children, lamps, but we could not. So we try after brother Angelo, we try everything for years. Nothing would happen. I could not conceive. I went to seven doctor obgyn. Seven of them perfect completion. And the last doctor, the seventh one, fulfillment, is the one that really discouraged me. He told me that my uh male hormone are higher and there is no way it's impossible for you to conceive. He was even surprised, amazed how I even got two boys because he says according to him, women like me should not even conceive. And I was staying there living like a woman who already reached menopause because I could not even see my monthly cycle for 14 years. [Music] My pastor prayed for me when I was back in the conga and then we waited and nothing happened. When I came here, my my husband told me, "Go and consult with another OBGYn." And uh he went through all the test and he did everything and he came up with a conclusion that what is happening to you is because of the beard that you wear. and he want to give me prescribed me a medication that will stop that from growing. I didn't want to take a medication. And I say just leave me, let me continue my life just as I am. And in the country, I still felt the pressure to have more children uh because based on our culture, the environment that we grew up. And when I came here to the United States, I found people with one child, two child. I say, well, this is normal. So I changed my mind. I told my husband, I say, "Guess what? Just forget about it. I don't want to have any more children. I'm okay now." So I continue my life and even forget about it, not even thinking about having any more children. And when I was still missing, I could not even see my monthly circle. I came and I spoke to brother Steven at that time. He was a deacon and he took me to brother Tim who was a pastor at that time and he prayed for me and after three years everything came back to normal. I begin to see Mas Maso So then my husband came later. You know the whole story because I already testify here. And today the baby's [Applause] ready. Praise God. So that baby is a miracle baby. It's a baby that have challenged all the doctors. All the doctor has been challenged by that baby because Jesus Christ is the same [Applause] yesterday, today, and forever. The baby is right there. So you can see that online. [Applause] Can I say something? That baby could not come until spoken word [Applause] because God is alive. Have faith in what you're going through. Never doubt God. Wait, he does everything good in his own time. Look how we are happy now. Let's give the Lord a big clap offering. [Applause] Brother Manhattan, at least do you want to say something for your 25th years of marriage? God bless you all. I cannot keep quiet. What I will ask to the young people and then the young couples in every couple we got problems but when you love one another you will go over the problem. [Applause] So we bless the Lord for it. Please the Lord so that we can go over our our ups and down. God richly bless you all. If you don't know brother Manhattan, usually he's a man of few words. Praise God. So we will pray for them so that the Lord will again bless them. Amen. So you pray with me together. Let's pray my brother. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you again humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for this couple that is reflecting the true marriage of the lamb and his wife. Lord, Father, there are so many things that you did to this couple that I'm even aware of, Lord. Father, Lord, you gave them a wonderful home. You brought them together when they were, Lord, Father, a distance for 11 years, Lord. Father, you gave baby Joella, Lord. Father, every single day you are doing marvelous things, Lord, for them. Lord, I pray in this 25th wedding anniversary that you bless them. May the cup run over. May Lord, any sickness, any attack from the word of darkness against them, Lord, depart from them and their family and go back to heaven in the name of Jesus Christ. Father bless them and give them the desire of your heart Lord and and their heart Lord and open any avenue any ways Lord Father that things has been going slow. May you open up Lord and bless them so that they can come back and testify more for the glory of your name. Father we bless them again Lord Father in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Glory to God. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a big clap [Applause] offering. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Amen. So this is an example for young people and for the oncoming couple. This is what we want. We want to hear 50, 20, 60 years of marriage. Eternity years of marriage because we came from eternity and we going back to eternity. Amen. This is what we want. Yes, sir. Oh my God. Now I believe it's time to get in the word. Let's stand for the reading of the word. A whole sermon now. It's already been preached. Oh, glory to God. You be gracious with me because the time has been taken and these are important things that need to be done because you will encourage somebody. It will strengthen someone and it's an example for our children to see that mom and dad can stay 25 years and go over their differences and iron everything up and still looking solid as Christian. Congratulation again. God richly bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So, flight attendant, prepare for takeoff. My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment part 58. Amen. Pastor, where are you going? I saw this coach yesterday and I felt led to share with you, brother. Brother say, "Listen, I have read the Bible for how many years?" 23 years. And if I had not read but one line, I could still be preaching on that one line with the new text every night. Amen. New things. How many? Every night. See, it's just so real. It's what? It's how inspired. If it's inspired, there is not. It has no end. It is for what? Everlasting. To what? To everlasting. If one word, I am the Lord. You could preach on that for a what? 100 million years. Amen. Amen. So now you understand why one scripture can go four, five months. And we continue to go from series to series. Amen. 400 million year. And it will be just as fresh as the day it was what spoke. See it is just how it just does what goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on. There is no end to it. So you just keep what ongoing. So since the seven seal has been unfolded there is no way we can put a period to the revelation of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham say even through eternity, God will continue to unfold himself. Are we together? Hallelujah. Let's go to Genesis 37. Oh, glory to God. What a presence of the Lord. Testimonies. Marriage 50, 25. How can they match this one? 50. This one 25. Only God. Only God can do that. Amen. I will try to pick up where we stop and see if we will get somewhere and finished. If we do, then we good and in good shape because I need to show you when you are waiting for your season. What do you need to do? We need to get into that. But let's still deal with a purpose. Amen. Genesis 37 if you dare. Verse 5. Remember we're in Joseph series. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning again. Father, we thank you for the couples in this church to see what you're doing in the middle of couple and the way you are restoring sister Joanne and what you did for our precious sister Olga and Lord what you are doing all over for sister Naomi and even your anointing touching sister Shiffra and everything that is going on in this church in this building father we thank you beyond Lord Father what we can even express Lord this is the father that I can go with the ability you have given us where when it comes to speaking to your bride, he only take the supernatural action of the Holy Spirit. So, Father, I pray that you move me aside. May you come down in the power of resurrection and speak to our soul and bless us and transform our life and fill us and heal us and touch everything in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Verse five, if you dare, you can say amen. Amen. And Joseph dreamed a dream. You might be seated. And he told it to who? His brethren. And they did what? Hated him yet the more. Did Joseph manufacture the dream? No. No. Joseph was excited. Amen. That he got a dream. And he thought everybody will say amen to God's purpose for his life. [Music] He thought whenever he's going to say it, everybody will come and chime in and say yes. Joseph had a dream and when he expressed the dream, his brother hated him. There is a reason why they hated him. Because if I come and I tell you, I say, "Brother Charles, I dream yesterday that I got $20,000 and then I came and I gave you $10,000. Would you hate me?" No. We here. We already pray. I'm clamming. We already pray. Would you hate me? No. If you get if if you hate me, I take you to the mental institution. You cannot hate me because the dream goes into your benefit. But if they headed him because there was something about that dream that they didn't like. Are we together? If you move good, we move. I have plenty of material, please. Okay. All right. Verse five. And Joseph dream a dream. And he told it to his brethren and they hated him yet the more. Are we together? Amen. Verse six. And he said because they already hate him because his father love him more. Now he came and then had the dream. So the hatred doubled or triple whichever one. Verse six. And because I don't have it in the Bible so I don't want you to come and say you say double. The Bible didn't say it. So whichever number he just went more so six and he says to them here please I pray you this dream which I have dreamed for behold we were binging sheavs in the field keep moving and lo my sheath arose okay and sod and also stood upright okay keep on moving moving and behold your sheavs stood round about. Wait a minute. So, okay. Okay. No, no, no, no. Let him finish the story. Continue. Continue with the story. We're trying to see where you're going. So, I'm just giving you the way we react. Okay. Your sheep stood round about and and made obedience. Do you know what it means? Yes sir. Bowing down boy. You number 11 the last one. We bowing down to you. So now you understand why they hated it. Bowing down or made obesence to my sheath. That dream was a true dream. I could not get into dream yesterday. And that dream, our theme today is the panoramic view of God's purpose for our life. You coming up with fancy word. the big picture of God's purpose in your life. So your purpose have a bigger picture than even you think. God's purpose for your life is bigger than you have not even than you have realized. Thank you Lord. You say me going through this? Of course. Give me time. You will see. So God revealed to Joseph his purpose, right? Amen. In symbols. Are we together? When Joseph saw his purpose, he got excited. He said, "Oh, so my brother bowing down and me standing up." So I will be ruling over them. Are we together? The purpose of God for Joseph of Joseph was revealed. Amen. Amen. And if you notice, God showed Joseph the final product. Yes. Amen. Amen. I hope you are with me. That's right. That's exactly Have you seen when they trying to build a building, they usually bring a big picture? Have you seen that? You know what it is? And they bring it and they put it right there. So when you see the what Bobcat or whatever is going on over there, when you pass, when everybody's passing, they look and they say, "Oh, so this is what they're trying to build. This is what they're trying to build. This is what so everybody this is how God dealt with Joseph. He took the big picture and say are we together? Amen. So Joseph woke up in the morning. Oh, I'm going to be a ruler. Did it know what that purpose also have? Yeah. Amen. Amen. That's the key. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Please follow me carefully. Verse eight. And his brethren said to him, "Shall you indeed reign over us?" So they understood the vision, but they only understood one portion of the vision. [Music] It is true Joseph will be reigning. But they never saw what is the benefit. Amen. Of Joseph reigning over you. Amen. All they could look at was like, okay, you taking over. They didn't know the taking over of Joseph was important for their life because if Joseph doesn't reign, they won't be in Go. That's right, brother. Amen. If Joseph doesn't reign, they won't be VIP in Egypt. Amen. Yes, sir. All the privilege they get into Egypt was based on that position. Yes. Amen. So the purpose of Joseph was really a package. Amen. It's a purpose in package. Amen. You can look it up. You looking at the outside but if you open you will see other purpose that are inside that purpose. Are we together? He says they say his brethren said to him verse eight shall you indeed reign over us or shall you indeed have dominion. Do they really understand it? In one way only over us. And they headed him yet the more for his dreams and for his what? words. Did Joseph stop there? God comes again to reconfirm the purpose again. Because when the dream is repeated, it's a principle in the Bible. Verse nine. And they dream and he dreamed yet another dream and told his brethren and say, "Behold, I have dreamed a dream more." They already start heading you and you go back again to them. Why? You should be careful. Yes. But God was working something. And said, "Behold, I have dreamed a dream more. And behold, the sun." You are extra uh I mean extrapolating now. You're going too far now. and the sun, the sun and the moon and the 11 stars when they were 11. So Benjamin was already popping up there. They didn't even pay attention that the dream was also revealing that there is another baby who have not come up yet. There was a Joera. [Applause] Have I said something wrong? who was not there yet. But because of the anger, they could not see the detail because Benjamin was not born yet. He say, "And the 11 star made obedience to me." Ah, how many are we? 1 2 3 4 5 6 10. They didn't even say, "Wait a minute." But we we're missing one. No, 10. He already came up with a dream like this. So 10 of us and the moon and the and the and the moon and the sun. So mommy and daddy bowing down to him. The first time he was ask now he went to the parent. You see when you read the Bible it's like a story. Now it's changing baby boy. Amen. And he told it to his father. Instead of stopping at the brother, he took it to the father and he took it when he includes the father. Are we together? He told it to the father and to his brethren and his father rebuke him. Even daddy got upset. Now what are you trying to do here? You came after me. Maybe because I love you too much. Now you start taking over. I need to recalibrate my love toward you. [Laughter] Are we together? Amen. He says his brother, his father rebuked him and said to him, "What is this dream that you have dreamed? Shall I [Music] and your mama and your mother and your brethren? He's interpreting the dream. Indeed, come to bow down ourself to you to the earth. And his brother envy him. But his father observe the saying. So what I'm trying to point out here, Joseph position was revealed. Joseph position was revealed. Joseph placement. Amen. You were there yesterday, right? Yes. Joseph adoption was revealed when he was a nobody. So your adoption vision is already there. Amen. You are moving or being predestinated onto adoption. Remember on to means you going to it. You are not there yet, but you are moving into it. And you not even the one responsible to move there. Somebody will move you there. In other words, God will slide you into your position whether you like it or not. Because God knew that daddy love him so much. Amen. God knew how long mama waited to have that boy. So there is no way mama and daddy will agree to send this boy to study in Egypt. That's correct. My question. So what start the trouble of Joseph? What caused envy? They dream. What caused the trouble? The dream according to Joseph was the dream bad. So something that is good thought turn up to be evil. I hope we are together. Yes sir. The thoughts of God for Joseph was to put him as a ruler. Amen. But that thought has a mystery. We're going to get into it now sooner. We clear. Are we clear? Drop to verse 18. Lord help me. It looks like Tom is I'm holding Tom. You there? Verse 18. And when they saw him a far off, even before he came near, this is his brethren to them. They conspire against him to slay him. Why do they want to slay him? And they say to one to another, behold the what? This dreamer coming. So what upset them too much is not the fact that daddy love him. That one they can tolerate that in a certain sense because whoever knew the story knows that Jacob love Rachel. Yes. So they can understand they say h you know it's that old love of father and mama. Uh so now the baby's coming from there that's why father is behaving. So give him some time. Understand that. But when the dream come the dream now they can't take it. We clear verse 20. Come on now. Come now therefore and do what? Let us slay him. And do what? Cast him into some pit. And we will say what? some evil beast has devoured him. And we shall see what will become of what dream. Are we together? So they wanted to stop the dream. Glory to God. The dream. Are we together? They wanted to stop. God purpose for Joseph. Take your time, brother. Take your time, brother. Glory to God. Amen. They were coming against the very purpose of God. And they say, you know what? There is a purpose for this boy to reign over us. Let's cut him off so that we can defeat. We can destroy his purpose. But that purpose was not a human purpose. It was not Jacob purpose. Jacob purpose was for his son to stay there and grow up and get married and stay right there. But Joseph purpose from God was for him to become a ruler. And no one can destroy that purpose. Are we together? We clear so far? We clear? Let's go to Genesis 15. If you there, you can say amen. Father help me. If you dare, you can say you can say amen. Genesis 15 verse uh 50 verse 15. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead, they say to Joseph, they say, "Joseph will perhaps hate us and we will certainly repay and will certainly repay us all the evil which what which we did to him." In other way, daddy's dead. So there is no buffer zone here. This boy will let us have it. Amen. Verse 16. And they sent a messenger to Joseph saying, "Your father did command before he died." Not our father. Your father. I'm reading the Bible. Not our father say. No, your father. Your father command did command before he died. Why didn't daddy tell uh Joseph himself? You are the only one that heard the the message. Can I continue? Verse 17. So shall you say to Joseph, forgive, I pray you now, the trespasses of your brethren and the sin, for they did to you evil, and now we pray you. Oh, I thought it was the father praying. So they took the father and couple it with them. Hallelujah. Are we together? So we pray you forgive the trespasses of your servant of the servant of God. Servant of God trying to kill your brother and put him in the pit and tell a lie. For the servant of the glor of the God of your father. And Joseph wept. Follow me my friend. When they spoke to him and his brethren also went and fell down before his face. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. So who ended up where I'm asking you a question. Who ended up where? Never fight God purpose. Yes sir. Are we together? And they fell before their face and say, "Behold, we be your brothers. We are now what? Thy servant." Now they begin to accept we are your servant. Did Joseph say, "Because I'm a chief, you my servant." Who's bringing that? Praise God. Verse 19. And Joseph said to them, "Fear not, for am I in the place of God, but as for you, you taught evil." So who taught evil? God or his brother? You taught evil against me, but God meant for what? Let's let's please work uh our surgery right here. When the brother of Joseph were were thinking evil, God was using that evil. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Amen. And channeling that evil toward the good. I don't know if we together. The fire that can burn you can be used to light your candle. Have I say something wrong? The fire that can burn you can be used to light your candle. So when they are bringing fire, God say, "Oh, great job. I was looking for fire." God pick up the fire and say, "Where is your candle?" So don't get mad at the fire because God will use it for good. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. If I get to this serve and it's a problem, but when people hate you, leave them alone. Leave them alone. Leave them alone. God will use that. The more they gossip about you, it will bring somebody to say, "I need to see that person that they gossip all the time about it." [Applause] So, it's a actually an advertisement in disguisement. And when they will see you, they say, "Wait a minute. Is this the one they were gossiping?" But this is a true Christian. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? You need this type of things especially in the message rank. [Music] Can I continue? Yes, sir. But God meant it to what? For your good to bring to pass as it is this day to do what? Save much people alive. Amen. So what is the purpose? What is the purpose of Joseph reigning? To save. So the dream was more than just ruling. The dream was more than what? Now let me ask you a question. Joseph is praying. Father, I went through so many things. Can you please remove me? Father, I pray you say to pray in the name of Jesus Christ. So our prayer will come to you and I will have a yes in the name the wonderful, precious, glorious name of Jesus Christ. Please Lord, deliver me so I can go back to my father. That prayer won't be answered. No sir. No sir. No sir. I I hope I'm talking to somebody. Yes, you are. God will say no. Because there is a panoramic view. There is a bigger picture of your life than what you are looking now. Now you want to go back home which is normal. But God is looking at something else. Amen. Spoken word in this church, all your blood pressure need to disappear. I don't want to hear people. We serve a true and living God. [Applause] In other word, when you take your case and you give it to God, go to sleep. All is well. [Music] [Applause] Yes, sir. Are we together? Quit worrying. Worry we for nothing in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving. [Applause] Every prayer that is done by Joseph in prison. Lord, Lord, Lord, I stood for your word. This woman lied. You know, you know it's channeling you somewhere. Yes, there is a bigger picture than the prison. The prison is for a season. Glory, glory. Part for house for a season. The pit for a season. There was a season. Joseph was in the pit because they have to wait for his cargo. His airplane, his shipping was not yet arrived. That's why they put him in the pit. When the Ishmael had came up, it was over. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Where are we at, my friend? Verse 20. So, the purpose of the dream is to save how many people? Much people alive. How many? Much people. Do you know what much people means? A lot. A lot. Now if you know this now correct would you worry in piper house? No would you cry in a prison? No. You are even more fortunate than Joseph. Yes sir. Because the seals has been open. Now God is showing you things that are be before over there. Are we together? Joseph was living a life Yes. not understanding but the end is something don't worry my friend verse 21 now therefore do what fear ye not I will do what I will nourish you and what your little ones and what and he comforted them and spoke with them how kindly you see the purpose now who's benefiting who's there walking in Egypt when the police officer come he say I'm Joseph brother and the police officer goes like Now, now you don't worry about the little boy and we bowing down. Now it's not. You don't know me. I'm Joseph brother. Yes. Yes. He's my brother. If you go to the bank, Joseph is my brother. And Joseph is my brother. Everywhere you are, you are going, you are bringing his identity because you know his identity means favor. It means deliverance. It means healing. It means filling of the spirit. [Applause] Everywhere I'm going. Jesus. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? This airplane is climbing slowly but good. Let's go to Jeremiah 29. [Music] Hallelujah. The problem is this stuff require time. I can't preach this like an evangelist. Got to go slowly because it's material for construction. That's right. Jeremiah 29. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Evangelist preach preach their own way. But this type of material slowly. Correct. Cuz we got to make sure we putting the the concrete well. So when the engineering come, he say, "Wow. Who built this? We there. Amen. Jeremiah 29:8. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. For thus sayith who? The Lord of hosts, the God of what? Israel. Let not your prophet and your diver that be in your midst in the midst of you do what? Deceive you. Neither hearken you to you uh to your dreams which you cause to be what? Dream. For they prophesy how falsely unto you in my name. I have not sent them says what? What? The Lord your God. Let's go to verse uh 10. For thus says the Lord that what? After 70 years. After 70 years. In other word, God already prophesy 70 years. Amen. So when they went into Babylon, some people got a super faith, they say, "Oh Lord, no, no, we believe God is alive. We believe Jehovah is working. So let's pray so that in two years we can come out of this." And they begin to pray. They begin to pray. They pray so much until it cause dreams. This is what the Bible says. Am I saying something? Under captivity, we do a lot of stuff until we can even fabricate vision because you trying to come out of it. God came, he say, eh, don't listen to that. There is a purpose why you here. There is a time why you here. There is a season why you here. I know when I'm going to take you out after 70 years whether you dream. Come on, brother. Amen. Amen. Okay, let me continue because uh somebody have not gotten it yet. Let's go to verse 10. For thy s that what? After 70 years be what? Accomplish that Babylon. Uh-huh. I will do what? I will visit you. Do you need to pray? So come on. After 70 years, after 70 years, whether you are dead or not, God is coming down. Not because of you, because of his own purpose. Are we together? Amen. I will visit you and do what? Perform my good word toward you. So the good word toward you will be fulfilled when after 70 years. After 70 years in causing you to do what? Return to this place. to return to this place. For I know that's it. That's it. Now we clear. In other words, God had a purpose for Israel to remain 70 years. God knew that it's important for Israel to stay four years. In other words, I I know why I'm keeping you there. Amen. You are fighting to come out, but I know I know why I sent you to Egypt. I'm waiting for Herod to die. But you want to go back to Israel. You get killed. I know. For I know what the thoughts that I think toward you, say the Lord. Thoughts of what? Peace and water. And not of evil. To give you what? an expected end. You understand this? Now watch verse uh verse 12. Then shall you what? Call upon me. In other words, at that time your prayer are going green light. Yes sir. At this time your prayer are on red light. Amen. I don't know if you're getting what I'm saying. You praying I'm listening but I cannot answer you now because I know what is good for you. But after 70 years, you will think like you got more anointing. Amen. [Music] But it's just the season have changed. Amen. Now everything is working. Amen. Today it seems like it's not working. Amen. Because I know but what I know is not evil. Amen. It is a thought of peace to give you an expected end. Amen. In other words, even though you in the midst of captivity, even though you are in the midst of evil, but what I'm doing is for good. This is what God is saying. Verse 12, then shall you call unto me and what? And shall go and pray unto me. And pray unto me, and I will do what? unto you. So if you pray in captivity to come out, will you receive an answer? No. Are we clear? Are we clear? Amen. Let's start climbing now. I praise God. Now, Brother Brham says this. He says, I ask him for something sometime. He does what? He shakes his head. Now, you begin to understand this. And he says what? He shakes his head. No. He says, "No." I just rejoice so much about that as I can. If he says what? Yes. Because now you begin to understand the purpose of God for your life. Please buckle up. Let's stay tight together. Amen. Because we always ought to ask what? Thy will be done. We will get to that, my friend. His nose, if that is his will, it is a whole lot of better than what? Yes. If it is what? In his will to do it. That is when you really do what? Love him. Amen. Amen. Then brother Brandham continue here in another message. He says, "And let's remember why we are obeying the spirit water." One great lesson that we that we want to learn is never be what? Hastily. In other words, never be in hurry. We want to come out of Babylon. No, no, no, no. I know. Are we together? See, do what? Take your time. And what? Have faith. Take your time means be patient. Are we together? You are slowing me down. Amen. Take your time. Amen. Take your time. Take your time. Means be patient. Go slow, my friend. And if you notice, brother Brandham said, "Take your time." And he says what? Have faith. He says, "Take your time and have faith." There is a reason why God allow brother Brham to speak like that. Yes sir. Amen. By saying take your time and say have faith because it is faith that will help you take your time. Please buckle up. Buckle up as I'm moving forward. The Bible says this in second Thessalonian verse chapter 1 verse4. The Bible said that so that we what ourselves do what? Glory in you in the churches of what? God for your patience and what? Faith. Paul say I glory in you that church. Amen. Because you are a church that have patience and faith. Yes. Why do you need patience and faith? He say in all your what? Persecution and what? And tribulation that you die you do what? Endure. So faith with patience will bring endurance. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. I'm trying to help you my friend. If you want to endure persecution, if you want to endure hardship, if you want to endure tribulation, there is an ingredient that you want to have, you need to have patience and faith. So that even when you struggling in piper house, when you struggling in the prison, when you struggling in the in in the pit, patience and faith of faith toward the purpose of God will keep your morale up. It will keep your nose out of the water. Are we together? Do you follow me? Amen. The Bible says in Hebrews 6 verse uh 12 that be ye not what slothful but what followers of who? Of them who through faith and what patience did what? Inherit the promises. They inherit the promise. How faith and what? Patience. So if you want to inherit something from God you need to have what? Faith and what? Patience. Because if you don't have faith and patience, you will let the thing go. But faith keep you in the destination. And patience help you to hold on knowing that God won't lie. God will bring it in the appropriate time. I hope somebody's getting consolation. I pray for my child. It seems like he's not changing. You need faith and patience. Faith because God answers prayer. Patience is keeping you with time. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Oh, glory to God. In the book of James 1:3, the Bible say, "Knowing what?" This knowing what? That what? The trying of your faith. The trying what? Of your faith. So you already have faith, but the trying your faith and the trying of your faith do what? Workketh patience. In other words, faith will birth. Yes. Yes. Yes. When you squeeze faith, faith goes in birth. Take your time. You are slowing me my friend. True faith, true faith has a pregnancy. Are we together? True faith have a pregnancy. Faith always carry a baby. And that baby is called patience. Are we together? Shake somebody, my friend. We need to stay focused. We need to stay focused, my friend. So, let's focus together. True faith carry patience as a baby. So when you begin to squeeze faith, you are squeezing faith, you give him birth pain. Faith will deliver patience. You are believing God for something. You want to know if you have faith. What if you have patience for what you ask for? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. If you if you ask God for something, Uh-huh. And you still anxious all the time, you don't have faith yet. [Applause] If you ask God, give me a husband. And every man that come, you don't have faith yet. When faith will kick in, you don't worry about man, man will worry about you. Are we together? Are we together? When somebody watches you and say, "Is everything okay?" You say, "Yes, I'm good." Yes, sir. All is well. You have any concern? Because faith has already produced. Are we together? Because faith and patience will help you inherit the promises. It will help you endure the tribulation and the persecution knowing that God is faithful. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. But do what? Let patience do what? Have her perfect work. Uh-huh. That she may be how? Perfect. And what? And tired. Wanting what? Nothing. In other words, when patience come, patience will make sure you get what you asking for. What you waiting for? So that you won't lack anything. So if you take faith and couple it with patience, you are guaranteed to receive what you're looking for. Because if time is taking longer, patience is telling you, patience is there to remind you, hold on. Hold on. Chill out. Everything is good. And faith say, look over there. It's coming. We're getting closer. We're getting closer. And patience say, wait, wait, wait. Keep patient. Keep keep being chill out. You need those two together. Are we together? Are we together? That's why brother Brham even said that fa patience is an outcome of faith. I have the quote my friend brother in the exposition of the church ages in the tatarian church he says now faithfulness and what patience goes how together the bible says this in the book of James behold we count them who happy which did what endured he's happy look how he is he's happy yeah he's happy because he endured [Music] Amen. You don't know the suffering he went through before he became happy. All you see is he's happy. Brother John Paul is good. You don't know what brother John Paul went through. You don't know what brother Charles Sior went through. You don't know what sister went through. You don't know the 14 years she suffered. Yes. But you count her happy today. Because somebody endure. Are we together? Ye have heard of what? The patience of Job. Oh my Jesus. The patience of who? Of Job. You know the story, right? And have seen what? The end of the Lord. The end is an expected end. That the Lord is very what? Pitiful and what? And of tender mercy. But the God of all grace who has called us unto what? His eternal glory. So you are called into what type of glory? Eternal glory. By who? Christ Jesus. After that you have suffered for a while. God will make you how? Perfect. And what? Establish. And what? Strengthen. And what? Settle you. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? And brother say, see, take your time and do what? Have faith. If we ask God for what? Anything. Remember what God answers prayer. He does it when in his time. How? The way it's best. Make what just right for who? Us. Because God is under a principle. And the principle is in Ecclesiastes 3. your everything there is a what a season and a time to water every purpose where under the heaven. If you are still living in this world if you are on this earth right here just know that there is a principle everything has a season. Every purpose have a time. If you understand this you will remove all the trouble that you have in your Christian life. Amen. Last Sunday we saw that God purpose can what? Never be defeated. There is nothing can do what? Defeated. So how what happy ought we to be today. Uhhuh. Resting upon that beautiful revelation which is what? Of the word of the living God. Uhhuh. That there is neither things present. Uhhuh. Nor things that can come. Uhhuh. There's no sickness. I won't commenting this anymore. And what? No sorrow. And what? No death and water. No peril. Or what? Nor nothing can what separate us from what? the purpose of the living God. And we found out that you and your purpose are one. Amen. That's right, brother. Are we together? What God has what? Imagined in his mind. And what God has what? Purposed in his heart to do what? To bring to pass. There is what? No demon. Glory to God. No Reuben, no Judah, no brother in this message. No preacher in the message. No family member, no demon, there is what? No power there is nothing can what ever separate God from great God's great what immortal plan eternal plan it must be as God has said are we together are we together brother Brandham says this my friend in the future home he says you were made for an eternal purpose eternal purpose not just a purpose eternal eternal Not just the purpose. Some people will disappear in the lake of fire. The lake of fire is to clean up everything that is not out of God. You will never see them from eternity. But some people won't be clean because their purpose is eternal. Amen. They are gods. Amen. Amen. Because you was I'm reading brother Brandham so keep your English in school. Because you was the what? The manifestation of an attribute that was where in God that thoughts of you and did what expressed to you. So you are an attribute of God we coming somewhere and he made what? Earth to take you out of it and to make you water a human being and sin come along and pervaded water his way you come anyhow but you was lost with water the world so he came he come and redeem you the express water added attribute and also redeem this earth we will get to that later this earth by the same way then his purpose does what rolls on see oh hallelujah Oh, that does me so much good to fix just what lays out. What is getting brother Brandham so excited? Why is brother Brandham so excited? Because the key is this my friend. Brother Brandham say being eternal with him with God when at the beginning the eternal life that you had not that you have no that you had in the past he's what thought of what you was of what you was only he wanted you he wanted me to stand where in the pulpit say he wanted you to sit where in the seat tonight then we are doing what serving serving his eternal purpose and one that left home only come to the earth to do what? Serve his purpose. Is that right? Is that right? All right. Then after it is what? Finished. It is brought back in the what? Glorified state. It's mature and brought back what? Again. When you left heaven, come on, brother. You left heaven as a touch. That's right. That's right. Brother. Yes, sir. Together, brother. But you will never go to heaven. Come on. The same way you came on earth. No, sir. You will go to heaven in a glorified state. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Lord. Are we together? No. Open Rom 8. Because we need to clarify this. We're moving on, my friend. Let's go to Roman 8. If you dare, you can say amen. Oh, glory to God. Roman 8 verse 23. Very familiar. You there? You are going in a glorified state. In other words, you won't go to heaven the same way you came out. Yes. Amen. You came out unglorified, but you are going out back to heaven glorified. In other words, when you enter heaven, the angel sees you different. They say, "Is this you?" He say, "I'm back in a glorified state." Why? Roman 8:28. For who knows? Roman 8:28. For who knows? And we know that what? All things work together for good to them that do what? Love God. And to them who are called according to what his purpose. So there is a purpose already. Verse 29. For whom he did what? For no in heaven. Right. He also did what? Predestinated to be what? Conformed to what? To the image of his son. That he might be the what? The firstborn among many brethren. Ah because we got a a a stature of a perfect man. We all will become that. Amen. Are we together? Verse 30. Moreover, whom he did what? Predestinate, he did what? He also called. Continue. And whom he called, he did what? He also justified. And what? And whom he justified, he did what? Then he also glorified. Verse 31. What shall we say then to this thing? If God be what? For us. Who can be what? Against us. In other words, the purpose of God is glorification. Everything is just a process. So you won't go back until you are glorified. And if we already know this, who can be against us? In other words, who can come against God's purpose for your life? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Brother says this, may you take me to record this morning, friend, that there is what isn't enough. There is not enough power in all hell that can ever defeat the purpose of God. God will do it how? Anyhow, he said, "I'm sure of this tonight, my Pentecostal who friends, Methodist, and who?" Baptist and whatever you may be, if you stand still long enough and don't get what? Flustered. Stand how? Still, God will reveal his divine purpose to you. Do what? Get quiet. Get quiet and get still before him. Stand still and God will talk to you. Amen. Yes, he will. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham says this. We have heard the Easter story last Sunday over and over and read it back and forth. And today on your radio last Sunday broadcast you hear different ministers even in the message approaching it because it's Easter. But what I thought for my leader group this morning the Lord has given me I would approach it from a different standpoint if I could come to a place of it in Easter everybody's preaching the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham say for me instead of every Easter I have to preach you an Easter message until it become a traditional [Music] glory [Music] it is Easter the Holy Spirit is telling you do A but the people in the message got used to a B. You must bring a B message or you not preaching Easter. Brother Brandham say for me I'm going to do something different. Are we together? Instead of preaching to you the resurrection of Jesus Christ which is important. I'm going to preach something different. What is it? William Marion Brham. Why do we come to this trouble? Amen. This is what I want to talk about. What makes these things come? Why should a Christian ever be perplexed? Why wouldn't not everything just run perfect for a Christian? But he doesn't and we know it. God say, "I have the talle peace and not for evil." But we all know right here we going through things. Why? Glory to God. Where is the thought of peace? Where is the thought that are not evil? Amen. Because what I'm experiencing is evil. Open your ears please. Spoken word and listen to me carefully. Amen. Brother say, "And sometime we have more trouble when we become Christian than we did when we were sinners." That's the truth, brother. Amen. That's exactly right. I was not expecting this. I was not expecting this. I suffered so much, brother Stephen. You don't know what I suffered. Listen to me carefully my friend. He said cause it is written what? Many of afflictions of righteous. It is written in your Bible. These verses we don't want to read them. We will flip them and go to Psalm 23. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Are we together? Brother say many is the affliction of what? The righteous but God [Music] deliver him from some of them. No from them all. If you know you going to deliver me, why do you allow it? Yes sir. Are we together? Brother Brham say God promise. That's it. Amen. Amen. Can you read? God promised many blessing. Pentecostal. God promised many what? Afflictions. How? Strange feelings and what? Strange things that will be beyond what? Our understanding. But it's always done for our good. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know I know the pain you going through, but I got to give you the medication. When I want to fix your tooth, the needle hurt. So, let this needle hurt. Then I'm going to fix your tooth. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Brother Brandham say we can't just understand it because if we did Amen. Then it will not be a faith to us. We will go on with what? Understanding. This brand here love to understand everything. This brand here, what is the point? What are you saying? You see what I'm saying? You understand what I mean? You understand what I'm saying? Because the brain want to understand. But if you understand everything, you are killing faith. And God don't want us to lean to our own understanding. That's right. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. But God want to develop your faith. Because faith can create. Yes, it can. Your brain cannot create. No sir. When you die, your knowledge dies with you. That's exactly right. But your faith never dies. No sir. Are we together, brother? Brother say, but we do and we have it and we believe by what? Faith. What? His word. That it's going to work. How some some good thing for us. If we could grasp that when today when? This morning. If we could grasp that all of our what troubles and there is none of us immune from them even Jesus Christ and if we could realize that those things are for what are good brother Stephen I understand what you're saying but I don't know I just saying amen because we just need to say amen are we together are we together oh I'm saying what you don't want to say it loudly. Now look what God did. Follow me my friend. And then you shall love him. This is what I was waiting. Then you shall go home and in the morning you sleep a little late and you shall love him more than ever. Ah brother still brotherham tell me that. That's what I have been waiting all my life. What is that revelation? God is a contractor. That's all. Yes, sir. I thought you going to come up with something bigger. God is a contractor. And then I'm going to be in peace because you told me God is a contractor. Follow me, my friend. Follow me. God is what? Contractor. How many knows that? He is a what? A builder. All right. Listen how? Real close. Now God back. Now we going to take a chronologist idea of him. God when a 100red billion years ago when he was going to make the world well he just what started he got an idea where in his mind are we clear so far glory to God brother Brandham continue he say now you going to say if he is that great brother Brham how did he ever permit the devil to make sin we are clearing this everything well he knew before the devil was ever What created that we will be what the devil brother say glory what make you excited now I feel what religious oh my he knew before the devil was created that he will be what the devil now you ask what about that what is fancy about it brother Stephen you say why did he let him be the devil that he be proven to be God. That is why he did it. Hallelujah. Why was there ever unrighteousness? Why? You ready? And here is the answer. God has an expectation. You following me? Amen. God knows what is going to happen because he's how? Infinite. So there is nothing going wrong. If all is going just exactly right because he's water infinite and he can foretell the end from what? The beginning because he's water. God, don't think Satan is putting anything on him. Oh no. Oh no. It's just what all working out to display what? His attributes is all. How could a great infinite God who knows everything and let everything it's just the attribute of God being what? Display. And you are displaying what? Your life to one side or what? The other. Brother Steven, we finished these three quotes. And you say something that I was expecting something good to come out of it, but it's just normal. What are you trying to say with this thing? This is the point. Are we together? Amen. When God think follow me now. The thoughts of God are for peace. And not for evil. The thoughts of God are for Joseph to rule. Joseph to reign. Joseph to save much life. Are we together? And it's an expression of an attribute of God. Yes. Are we together? But when that project is launched, do you follow me? That project cannot develop without certain things. Break it down. Break it down. It is the good thoughts that actually attract evil. [Applause] Come on, Lord. I'm giving you time, my friend. I know it's hard. I'm giving you time to ease up this thing and get it, my friend. Amen. Can I Can I repeat it again? It is the good plan of God, the good purpose of God for you that actually bring the trouble. Jesus, speak. I'm going slowly for you. I don't know if you getting me. She said, "Me, we there we there." And she said, "No." So, let me repeat it again. My my sister, it is the good plan of God. The plan of God develop only when there is trouble. I'm giving you time. God can never be a healer. [Applause] Come on. Come on. We now if there is no sickness. So when you say God is a healer, healer must attract sickness. [Applause] I hope we are okay. God cannot be a deliverer if everything is good. It is the attribute of God that call for trouble. Yes sir. Church, I'm taking you to another level. I don't know if you're getting me. It is the dream of Joseph that cause hatred. Come on. Glory. Glory. Glory. Are we together? But hatred is important to develop Joseph dream. It is hatred that put Joseph in the right lane. Amen. Amen. I know this is hard but we are not Pentecostal babies. Hallelujah. The angel said, "Do not teach Pentecostal, baby, spiritual things." I'm talking to message believer. [Applause] No hatred, no Egypt. Yes, sir. Do you do you understand me? Do you understand me? Do you understand me? When Joseph got in Egypt, Podify pick him up and put him in his house. And Pifa begin to love him more. And the love of Pifa was a blockage to Joseph. Big boss. We good? Yes sir. Are we together? Yes sir. Are we together? If I keep Joseph, he will never reach his purpose. Yes sir. I don't know if we together. I don't know if we together. In other words, the purpose of God in your life is what is upsetting the devil all the time. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Brother Robert, I got to spit this out. If you don't have no trouble, I wonder if you got a purpose. [Music] [Applause] Brother Robert, there is a little bit the spit left. If you don't have no trouble, I wonder if you worth something. [Applause] But if you are somebody, that's why the devil hate you. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Are we together? Are we together? In other word, the purpose and you are what? So when Joseph is there at home, the purpose of God is watching Joseph life. That's exactly right. He's protected by his father. So his father would never understand this. Mama love him to death. Mom is boy and the purpose look the purpose look he say I'm I'm block I need to go to Egypt but there's too much love here too much blessing too much blessing today court of many color today this this the purpose say get a dream and he put up the dream in a way to cause trouble that's right that's right that's right I don't know if we together this is a m a major surgery Yes, I'm in the heart surgery, my friend. So when the trouble comes and Joseph begin to cry, the purpose is jubilating. Like now I'm going. Praise the Lord. That's what I was waiting for. [Applause] Suddenly they say, "Let's take him. Let's sell him to Egypt." The people say, "Oh, finally God, you heard my my prayer." And over there, Joseph And the purpose say my name is in the book the book of man life. Are we together? I'm giving that so you understand. Are we together? When he reach Egypt in piper house everything comfortable they love him. Promotion promotion after promotion until he became the second CEO. Everything moving good. The people say I don't see any podify house inheritance here. This house is not your position. You were not supposed to be second to pify. You were supposed to be second to Pharaoh. So the purpose begin to send some stuff and suddenly the boss woman say that boy look cute. [Applause] Do you do you do you follow me? Do you follow me? He was the purpose that did that. And suddenly he got in trouble. It looks like a child that was cursed, but you not cursed. Your purpose is pulling trouble and using the trouble to put you in the right place. [Applause] I have not even started with Lazarus. Where we stop? Listen to me. Their purpose stop and look and say he need to interpret the true dreams of Pharaoh's officer because this gift need to be known and the purpose look at Pharaoh officer they're doing everything good in Pharaoh the purpose say no problem so the purpose put a drone in Pharaoh's palace to watch those two officer The day they begin to get in trouble, the purpose begin to move right here because both of them must meet at the prison for a purpose. [Applause] Amen. Are we together? Are we together? So when that trouble happened, it pushed him toward the prison. What type of prison? Not a lower type of prison, a higher rank prison where the battler and the baker are sitting right there. So even the future Bible of Jesus Christ. He's projecting Jesus Christ and he's also projecting Joseph. Joseph was enjoying his purpose but his purpose was also the purpose of Jesus in the future. So the purpose, the panoramic view was not just Joseph. He was expressing Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Are we together? Are we together? If Jesus say when you were hungry, when I was hungry, you came to give me food. How can Jesus say that? Because he's not here. You must be hungry. Amen. So that you become Jesus to that person. So Jesus will say the Jesus Deon that you give food was fulfilling my scripture. [Music] Hallelujah. I don't know if you get it because God must point somebody that they did good to him in the name of Jesus. I don't know if you're getting me. I don't know. So the attribute your purpose cannot function without evil. [Applause] Evil is needed to fuel goods. That's exactly right. Amen. Amen. How can he be a savior? Hallelujah. Everything is good. Nobody have ever sin. Right. What is savior for? It is the name savior that brought sin. If God keep savior in himself no sin. If God deliver a savior savior say me I don't exist without sin. That's what cause sin. So your purpose your your your your plan cannot be developed without trouble. The trouble that comes to your life are coming based on who you are in your purpose. Hallelujah. That is true. Look at everything in Joseph. Why did he only only Pharaoh officer pick him up? Why? It was the purpose and that purpose took him to a certain prison and they put him there and he even beg please remember me and now when you go remember what I say to you. You see everything I I display the dream. So put Joseph say at this time tomorrow I'm going to hear Pharaoh need you. It was not time yet. Not time yet. In the morning, Joseph boom boom boom. He say hallelujah. They open they say for your food. Amen. You see people in this world, you see people in this world, they are so ungrateful. You can help them and they will forget even what you did for them. There is a purpose. You keep doing what is right. Don't expect something in return. Look out to God. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Because it's not time for the dream yet. The dream will come. And when the dream comes in an unexpected time, unexpected way, unexpected place, this is when they came, they say, "Pharaoh need you." [Applause] The Bible say that man came out and forgot. How can you forget something that was fulfilled? If I tell you, I say, "Brother Charles, tomorrow at your job, they're going to give you a promotion." And you go tomorrow and it happened. Who do you call first? Brother Steven. Brother Stephen, hallelujah, happened. But this man went, he got a promotion and the purpose came and say, "It's not time yet. [Music] It's not time yet." But when the dream is coming, the paper say now it's time. Oh, remember two years. No, there is a time, there is a season, there is a purpose. Yes, Glory to God. Come on, Lord. Are we together? Are we together? Can we continue? Yes, sir. I'm over time. I know this is always a mixed multitude than this. Yes and no. The nos are usually, but I was trying to say quick right there. So, let me find a way to learn. I have not started in Lazarus where we stop. So I'm going to try. Are we together? So the key that you take here, his thoughts for you are for peace, not for evil. But remember that thought when they say peace. Don't be too much caught up by the name peace. Peace means there is trouble. Peace will cause trouble. But just know it's peace. Glory. Glory. Glory. Yes sir. Let me give this illustration. Very good. Flight attendant prepare for landing. Let me give this illustration my friend. Can I give this illustration? Can I give this illustration? You know some of you were here when we show what we trying to build outside. Did you see how beautiful that was? Beautiful. Say, "Wow, finally we're going to have some of those things up there. I'm on YouTube." So, we're going to have some of what is behind there. So, we're going to have a fellowship and we're going to have this. It looks beautiful. It looks great. When we talked about it, we excited. Do you see how much excitement we have? Do you see? After church, every time after church, where you go, we all go in the back. We can't wait. Amen. But let me give you a different view. When that picture was given, that picture was given as a final product. Yes, sir. Amen. It was a big picture. But that picture didn't tell you we going to cut the ground. That beautiful picture was hidden. In that beautiful picture was hidden. The cutting of the ground, the digging, the hammer, the building found gone, the misunderstanding, the impatience. Amen. dead, a mess outside. Now we look messy. All of that was in the beautiful picture. So when they show you the picture, you are excited. Now that God begin to develop the picture, it is mercy. Look over there. Mercy here. Everything. Brother John cannot go over there tomorrow and now nothing is working. But wait, wait. We got a vision. We got a purpose. We are moving towards something. [Applause] Are we together? It is the picture that brought the bobcat. It is the picture that brought the digging. All the trouble and the mess and the and the noise and the disturbance we have outside is caused by the beautiful picture. Why the trouble in my life? Why the difficulty in my life? Why the messy in my life? Now I ask you a question. Does it look pretty back there? Do you get mad? Do you do you get mad? Because you know uh some yes, some no. Because you know that at the end That's right. It won't look like that. Amen. Amen. If you keep it clean, you will never have that. If you keep your life good, perfect without trouble, your purpose will never be developed. In order to develop the purpose, you got to let the hammer come. You got to let the chisel come. You got to let the cutting, the shaping, the everything. Don't worry, it is going somewhere. At the end, you will dedicate the building. [Applause] At the end, it will be good. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? No, I got to stop. Amen. Yeah. Let me stop here. Brother say it is written in one of the scripture in the Bible that the what trials are brought upon us are more precious to us than what gold itself. For it is what God giving us these trials after we become his what? Property. Our what? Confession. Our water. Our baptism. Our water. Our promise to walk in the life for him. Then every trial that comes upon us is to what? Perfect us for his glory. It is to bring us to a place where God can make himself more real to us than he was before the trial come. [Applause] 40 minutes has been taken before of everything that happened, but I'm a shepherd. I'm going to stop here. So, bear with me. We need to pick up Lazarus next Sunday where we stop and move on. What is a take-h home message? What is a take-h home message? You want to be a doctor? Great idea. Everybody happy. Mama look say I have a smart boy. You know daddy I'm so chill. He came out from himself and the boy goes to the hospital and he's mesmerized by how the doctor coming this this this nerve optical nerve and then trigramment on earth and he's like tomorrow it's me later did you know to develop that picture the name doctor called for suffering of study sir called for no sleep. Call for pressure. Call for no vacation. Call for no entertainment. No hanging around. Cooped up in the room with a bunch of books until you cannot read anything. That goes with the name doctor. You want to develop that picture, you must take that in. Amen. But if you take that in actually whatever pain is coming with it, it's actually the development of the picture. You want a baby, a baby looks cute. But wait for the morning sickness. Wait for the clinging on the stair. Wait for you cannot sleep the way you were sleeping before. Wait for a change in diet. If you don't want that one, there's no baby. But when the baby comes, you forget everything else that was in the back. Your purpose in life is what bring whatever is going on. Amen. Amen. Amen. So now Satan is working for you. Amen. Yes sir. Satan is working for you. [Applause] When Satan comes, you say, "Hey buddy, I believe it's time to work on my purpose again. Glory of God. Amen. Because I needed you. Where were you all this time? I need to go quickly where God want me to be. Go ahead and heat up the word. Increase the tariffs. Increase the tariff. Start war with China. Destroy Canada. Do this. Do this. It is bringing me closer to the third pool. The more you squeeze in, the more life become uncomfortable. The more I'm expecting the dead pull. Let's stand. Let's stand my friend. We got a water baptism outside. [Applause] [Music] I'm sorry my friend, I went 19 minutes over. minus the time you took. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Go ponder on this. The Lord didn't want me to get into uh uh uh Lazarus. We will pick up because I thought I get in Lazarus. Then next Sunday I will show you. What do you do when you waiting? But God knows why he was moving. Amen. Amen. Change the perspective of your life. Look at your life different. Amen. There is something bigger. There is a bigger picture. There is a panoramic view than what you're looking at. Hallelujah. God want to fulfill more through you. Yes sir. Than the single request you're looking for. Now you are looking at one thing. That's right. But God is looking at seven things. God will not sacrifice six thing for one. He want to make sure whenever it's accomplished what you ask plus the other one will be all fulfilled. Wait till we get in the life of Lazarus and the resurrection and you see what was in the resurrection of Lazarus. You'll see what the sickness of Lazarus, the mystery behind the sickness of Lazarus because Jesus already knew and he purposely left so that the sickness can strike. How can a creator leave a sickness struck when he was supposed to protect? No, there is something in that sickness. There is something in Lazarus that is calling for that and out of that God will do something for it. Do you know that when Sarah was changed, God didn't just change her? God remove also barness. Do you know that Lazarus died sick? Yes. Do you think when he resurrected he resurrected sick? Because father Brandham say resurrected is not replacement. It's whatever went there came out. Do you think when Lazarus was coming up he was coughing? So he was not just a resurrection. There was a healing that was bundled with that resurrection. So Lazarus came up better than what than the way he went in. Yes. Amen. You will come up better than the way you're going in. You won't go home without being in a glorified state. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you this afternoon. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as you wanted me to go, and I have to obey the spirit. But you know what you spoke to your children, what you spoke to all of us. Things Lord that are bringing a panoramic view, a different view than what our brain can conceive about your purpose in our lives. Lord, that's why now those scripture like everything is working together for good. We begin to understand them more now because we know that there is nothing that will come that won't be working towards your purpose because you orchestrate everything to work according to your divine purpose. Father, may you touch your children. May you help us even in the water baptism outside so that Lord your child can be sealed in your kingdom as he expressed the desire to be Lord father baptized. Bless this church. Father, protect us. Give us travel mercy throughout the week. Lord, Father, we commit it all unto thy hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, church. We love you, brother [Applause] [Music] John. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life, something new in my life. Oh God, do something new in my life. Something new. in my life. Do something new. In my life, oh, let's sing this a little bit. Yesterday has come. Another day has come. to something new in my life. Yesterday, [Music] another [Music] day. Oh, something new in my life. [Music] do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Do something new in my life. Oh, something new in my life. Something new in my life. Do something new in my life. Oh [Music] Lord, I cannot live without you. I cannot live without you. I just can't live without you. Oh Lord, I cannot live without you. I cannot live without you. I just can't live. Let's make our way outside really quietly as we sing a little bit more. Get ready for the baptism of amen. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Do something new in my life. [Music] Oh, do something new in my life. Do something new in my life. There's something new in my life. Oh Lord, for I cannot live without you. I cannot live without
