################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 55  - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 55  - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45zy-zjzEEk
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, a tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to [Music] worship you. [Music] Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing now of power and majesty. Praise to our king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands, Lord. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. Let's sing it one more time this morning from the top. Amen. Hallelujah. My Jesus, my Savior, Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty mighty [Music] love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and hallelujah. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing now of power and majesty. Praise to our king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your [Music] name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Lord, forever I love you forever. Ever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in [Music] you, my Lord. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. [Music] Jesus, nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah Lord. There is none like you Lord. Hallelujah this morning Lord God. Lord, we come into this house gathered, Lord, to bless your name. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Father, for the everything that you do for us each and every day. Lord, we ask that you would come in our midst one more time. Lord God, break forth this precious bread of life. Lord, give us this day, Father, our daily bread, Lord God. Lord, it just feels special this morning here. is we just ask Lord God that you would just come through here with your spirit, Lord, and just fill this place with your glory this morning, Lord God. Lord, as we prepare to hear your precious word, Lord God, we want to ask primarily, Lord, that you would touch the vessel by which it would come forth from, Lord God, bless our pastor, Lord, and just ask that you give him strength, Lord. He said he was loaded this morning, Lord God, and we're counting on it, Lord God. So, we want to be ready as well, Lord Jesus. Bless our musicians, Lord God, and our singers, Lord. We thank you, Father, for these that are dedicated to this service, Lord, as Levites, Lord God. And we thank you. Bless our special technicians as well, Lord God, for ensuring that everything is exactly perfect for you, every service, Lord. Bless our deacons this morning, Lord, our treasurer and our trustee, Lord. And bless this congregation for this is what you died for, Lord God. These are the people, Lord, that you have chosen before the foundation of the world, Lord, to serve you, Lord God. And sometimes we forget what a privilege it is that you chose us and you called us, Lord. Forgive us, Lord. Forgive us for not giving you credit where it's due. Lord, we just want to just give you everything in our lives this morning once again, Lord, a rededication. And Lord, if there's some people here that are going through things which they might not understand, Lord, and it may hurt, [Music] Lord, we just want to lay before you, Lord. We just want to ripen in your presence, Lord. So we thank you, Father. We thank you for everything that we go through, Lord, good or bad, Lord, for we know and we trust you, Lord, that it's for our good. Lord, so may you manifest yourself to us this morning, Lord. We give you all glory, honor, and praise for each person sitting here, Lord, and for each one that may be online. Lord have mercy. Lord, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. We thank you, Father. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Amen. Amen. Turn around and greet your neighbor as well and say, "Welcome this morning to the house of the Lord." Amen. [Music] Sorry. [Music] [Music] Now, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. I won't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. I won't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. I won't let Satan blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine now. Hide it under a bush. You know, I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bush or no. I'm going to let it shine. Hide it under a bush or no. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Now let it shine until Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Shine till Jesus come. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Well, I'm up commander stranger wandering through this world of sin. On my way to that city when the saints go maring. Now when the saints Oh, when the saints go maring in. Maring in. Oh, when the saints come maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number just the same. Oh, I know I'll see my savior. If my life is free from sin, heaven's door will open for me. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints go maring in maring. Yes. When the saints come maring. Lord, I want you to be in that number when the saint goes maring. When we gather around the throne and the gates are closed within I'll be shouting glory glory. When the saints go maring now when the saints oh when the saint go maring in go maring in. Lord when the saints come maring in. Oh I want to be in the numbers when the saint goes maring in. I am waiting for my chariot to swing low. I'm riding on the clouds. I'll ride to heaven. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints are go maring in. Oh, when the saints come [Music] mar when the saints go marching. And when we cry, we cry. I've been redeemed. I've been red. Oh, when we cry, I've been redeemed. Oh, I want to be in that number when I s of maring. And when we crown him, Lord alone. Lord. Oh, when we crown him Lord of Lord. Oh, I want to be in that number. When the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go when the saint go marching in. Go maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Lord, I want to be in my number. Oh, when the saints go [Music] maring. Yes. When the saints Oh, when the saint go maring in the mar. Oh, when the saints come maring I want to be in the [Music] wind. Now once a burden I dwell. No freedom from my sorrow I fail. Then Jesus came and he listened to me. And glory to God, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke those bonds of my prison for me. Now I'm glorifying my Jesus to see. Glory to God. He set me free. So now I am driving higher each day. Darkness of night has drifted away and my feet are planted on higher ground. And glory to God. Yes, he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke those bonds of this prison for me. Now I'm glorified by Jesus to see for glory to God. He set me [Music] free. Goodbye to sin and those things that come down. None of this world shall turn me around. Today I'm working. I'm praying too. And glory to God. I'm going through. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bonds of that written for me. Now I'm glorified my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Let's sing that last verse again. Now, so goodbye to sin and those things that confound. Not of this world shall turn me around. Daily I'm working and I'm praying too. And glory to God I'm going through. So he set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the pre for me. Now I'm glorify my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hey. Hey. If you don't know that freedom, don't leave today without it. You know, you know what I'm saying? That's right. Amen. [Music] Jesus loves me. This I know. For the Bible tells me so. Little ones to him belong. They are weak but he is strong. Yes, Jesus loves me. Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. One more time. Yes. Jesus loves [Music] me. Jesus loves me. [Music] Yes. Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. One more time. Hallelujah. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You know, a lot of people say those are kids songs. I'm one of his kids. I want to approach him like that sometime. You know, sing like a child might stand with me just for a minute if you don't mind. Well, actually, be go ahead and be seated. I got quite a bit to read. I got that backwards. We wanna we want to welcome uh brother brother Claudell Samson and and sister Ruth from Florida this morning. Amen. So welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Our pastor will tell you there are no visitors. Your family here. Amen. I have quite a bit of praise reports and some testimonies and one prayer request as well. So, let me get these in order because there are there is an order to them here. I'm seeing Oh, wow. Okay. Let's start with Sister Hadas's praise report first. She says, "Thank the Lord for my new permanent schedule." Amen. I will now be able to be early for the Wednesday night services. Hallelujah. Hey, God worked it out. Amen. Praise [Applause] God. So, we'll go. We'll go in order on these. This is from the Komodo family. We would like to wish sister Eloise, is that BLEN? A happy 75th birthday. Amen. God bless you, my sister. Amen. Her birthday was uh was the 28th, same as my daughter Rebecca. Amen. And says, "May the Lord," Now, this is from everybody. This ain't just from because you're our family as well. May the Lord bless her with many, many more birthdays. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Amen. So, I don't see a date as far as a birthday on this one, but we want to thank God for giving one more year to our sister Carolyn Thompson. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Pray that the Lord Jesus Christ will continue to bless her life, her family, and all she does in Jesus's na Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Happy birthday, Sister Carolyn. We love you, sister. God bless you. Amen. Amen. We got one more. The Isiari family. Amen. Would like to thank God for the life of their handsome, funny, loving, and most importantly, a man of God, Benjamin Ishiari. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. He will be turning 19 years old. That's hard to believe. 19 already. Amen. This coming Wednesday, he is a true example of this message as a young man reflecting Christ. [Applause] Amen. Now again, this isn't just from the Ishiari family, okay? It says, "We love you and we pray for God to continue to use you for his glory." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, right before I read the prayer request, Amen. Oh, this was this was um written on a prayer request form because it was that's all we had. So, it was another birthday wish for Sister Carolyn. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. We'll let Sister Kayla, she's got some a couple testimonies here. She said she'd keep them short. So, good luck to you. No, no. When God's good, you know what I'm saying? So, I'll give the shorter of the three because there are three. Um, as I gave the testimony Wednesday, the Lord blessed me with a work from home job, which I was discussing with Sister Edie and praying about. Um, but it it it entailed 40 hours of training this week and an exam on Friday. So, my brain was fried, but I passed it. So, I thank the Lord for that. Um, and then on top of that, I had scheduled this class to take which required a state exam before the Lord opened the door for the job. I had that Saturday, but I passed my state exam. Thank you. And even though those are small victories, the largest victory is we've been going through a battle of renovation with a a childhood home of ours. And you know, the ministry preached to us that right before the blessing comes, there's a hiccup or a bump in the road. And you know, we thank the Lord for our brothers and sisters in Christ. Brother Zach came out and looked at the HBAC unit and happened the Saturday before brother the Lord allowed brother Steven to preach it um about the air conditioning and I was just like just something else. I just want the contractors out. I'm done. I'm tired. But I thank honest people for being in our lives. He came he checked it out for us and he said, "Brother Charles, sister Kayla," he said, "Looks like someone intentionally cut the wires to the HBAC in." And I said, "Lord, we're right here at the end, and it's just this could potentially cost a lot of money to be fixed." And we dealt with someone that was supposed to come out to the home and look, but due to scheduling, it didn't happen. And you know, like brother Kelly said Wednesday, you know, the God rises up in you and you just get tired. And I said, "Lord," I said, "We don't need anyone else. The AC is going to be fine and it's time to move." And he put in my heart what our son ministered, you know, his car. He said, you know, to everyone, it may seem this way to you guys, but to me it it means a lot. And so I grabbed hold to that and I used that and petition the Lord. And I said, Lord, I said, this is for our family. We are obedient. We are diligent. I said, Lord, I said, this has to break. The devil has to go. And we went to the we got the call. I said, by the end of the month, we're going to get this call. And Thursday night, my husband came in town from work. Thursday night, we got the call. Contractor's out, air condition fine. We started cleaning Saturday. So to God be the glory. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Isn't it wonderful to to witness the the the the miracles, Amen. in someone's life and just it gives us strength. Let's Yes, ma'am. Okay, hold on. If you can't help it, we want to hear it. I didn't think I would, you know, I always say my God loves me so much and he does. I didn't think I would have make it in church this morning and I I tell the devil, I said, "Not today. I say not today. My my son pressure keep going up, flexing, dropping, going high. I'm like, not today. You choose the wrong person. Not today. You know, and I just put on a tape and I hear brother Brandham, but I just love this message, you know. This is the truth. And you know, and he said he said that blood pressure, that clown archeries that Yeah. It got to go. And then I put on another tape and it start and it said you are God and the children of the most high. And I just want to thank God for the message of the hour which is Jesus Christ that is alive in my heart. Amen. Let's stand this morning. We're going to ask brother Kalema to lead us. If you've got an unspoken Amen. Praise God. He also has a special this morning. So, we'll bring it. God bless you. Isn't God good? I said, "Isn't God good?" Amen. Our God is tremendous. He's awesome. We worship him. Let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we don't have words this morning hearing all of these testimonies. Dear Jesus, this is what we are praying for to see you made alive. Leave the tapes, leave the books, become not a god of history, not a god of William Brandon when he was back there, but a god of present day truth. We have the truth. You're the living God. You told your servant Joshua, "My servant Moses is dead. Take the people across. My servant William Brham is dead. Fight forth. Take the people across." And here we are, Father, this morning. Rejoicing in your word, rejoicing in the testimonies, rejoicing to see you might alive amongst your people. Lord, we are gods. You're the one that said, "Ye are gods and I dwell amongst of mighty, mighty conquerors." Oh Jesus, we don't have words this morning to express the way we feel this morning. Father, we thank you for all the testimonies, Lord. May you multiply them. Oh, dear God, you said the works that I do will you do also, and here we are, Father, you're not a man to lie. That's why you're fulfilling your promises towards us, Father. Oh God, take our pastor in the back. May you bring him out. Oh God, take the man to the side and come and speak the words of life to us. Lord, take the offering, the tithe. Bless the giver, Father. Bless the congregation in Jesus mighty name. Amen. And [Music] amen. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] I enter the [Music] holy of holies. [Music] I enter through the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I am Lord. I worship [Music] you. I worship you. Oh, I worship you. I worship you for your name is holy, holy, Lord. [Music] I enter the holy of holies. I enter through the blood of the lamb. I enter to worship you only. I enter to honor. I am Lord, I worship you. I worship [Music] you. Oh, I [Applause] worship you. I worship you for your name is holy, holy, [Music] Lord. Yes, your name is holy, holy. Lord, for your name is [Applause] holy, holy, holy, Lord. Yes, your name is holy, holy, holy, [Music] loly, so holy, for your name is holy. Your name is holy, holy, Lord. [Music] For your name is holy, holy, [Music] Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's stand this morning for your name is [Music] holy. [Music] Holy. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Let's invite our pastor out this morning. Only believe. Amen. [Music] Holy [Music] believe. [Music] Oh, [Music] believe. All things are [Music] possible. [Music] Holy [Music] believe, only [Music] believe. Oh, believe. [Music] All things are possible, only believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I [Music] believe all things are possible. [Music] I believe. [Music] Lord, I [Music] believe. All things are possible. [Music] All righty. One more time. Jesus is here, please. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is king. [Music] All things are possible. Jesus is [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus is king. God [Music] is Lord Jesus. [Music] Amen. Do you believe it this morning? Let's give Jesus a big clap. Praise God. Thank you very much musician. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you congregation. God richly bless you. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family membersh? You know what? Let be seated so we can make sure we welcome the family member adequately. Amen. Glory. Glory. Sister roof here. Yes, please. If I can get it well. Amen. Any new subscriber online? God richly bless you. Welcome to spoken word tabernacle where we usually say the way message of William Mario is how juicy. It is really juicy and yummy. We love the message of the hour. Amen. Any family members here? First time, second time, God richly bless you and welcome. What I will do is just go ahead and stand. So we welcome you warmly. We don't have visitors here. Brother Jeremiah and Sister Connie, please everybody just stand. God bless you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Welcome. My apology if I do not know your name but somehow you are part of the family. So here we say amen. We shout we get happy in the Lord. So just be free like your home. Amen. So don't be too shy to say amen. Amen. Amen. Because here we do say amen. If you read your scripture the Bible says sila sila sila. It means amen. Amen. Amen. And in this age, God revealed himself as the amen. Amen. The faithful and the true witness. Glory. Glory to God. Everybody slept good. Everybody looking good. And I'm so happy everybody's looking good and smiling. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, glory to God. Amen. I believe we are all up to date with the sermon. We are reading our Bible twice a day. our cood book, our churches, 70 weeks of Daniel, adoption or somebody is listening to the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Lord's willing on April the 12th, this is our appreciation dinner. It will be at a hotel where we had service before in our married couple meeting. And then our question and answer will be on April the 26, Lord's willing. And married couple part six is confirmed. It's based on the menu. It's May 10th. Amen. We already went deep in the last one. Yes, sir. So, the Holy Spirit open up again more. So, get ready. And we're going to dig, dig, dig, dig, dig more. If you already survive five, you will be living. You'll be alive. Amen. You're not going to The last one was a deep one. A very, very, very deep one. and you survive and nobody pass out because it was coming from the word of God and the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh God, the most suen people in marriages are message believers. That's true. Amen. That's right. Amen. I have people calling me internationally trying to get in a married couple. Amen. Amen. Because we were not trained. Especially men are the worst one. Men are the worst one. Sister have even a tendency at time to speak with mama or to speak with auntie man. You on your own and before you know it we on the website and we get more in trouble on the website because the pulpit fair to provide adequate material to prepare people for marriages. Brother Brandham say he found the problem among ministers. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. That's why I push what I push over there. I'm waiting for responses. Amen. Amen. So, merit couple part six on May the 10th. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Youngsmen meeting. We had one yesterday and I'm waiting for the next date. By God's grace, we went really heavy. Everybody was happy. Everybody came out pretty good. I could not talk to them about the business and I hold business for the next time and I want them to master first how to save money. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Then I can go in detail with business. So parent, let's work together. Amen. Amen. Amen. Parent, let's do what? Let's work together. Are we together? I told them I say you men and I have to be tougher on men. Exactly right. That's exactly right. Are we together? When I touch men, I touch mothers. When I touch sisters, I touch daddies. So now I'm talking about men. Amen. So parent when I'm tightening them up, they won't die. They are very smart. They have a lot of potential but they need discipline. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? So when I'm tightening them up, don't make it easy on them. These are the future generation. Are we together? I showed them what $160 can do yesterday. They all know what it means. $160. How you can move from $160 to $34,000 in the bank account. I showed them yesterday. Amen. I show all of them yesterday. And I even showed them a scripture. We read the scripture. Yes. Amen. You go ask them. I gave you the scripture, right? I even showed them the scripture. Jesus say before he can give you what belongs to you, God watches how you are taking care of what belongs to somebody else. I gave them the scripture. Did I give you the scripture? Big boss, I gave you the scripture. Uh, the big boss say yes. Are we together? Isaac, did you get the scripture yesterday? Are we together? Jesus say before he can give you what belongs to you. Amen. So I tell them when you working on Food Lion, watch out. Amen. When you working on Amazon, watch out. God is watching your behavior. Amen. Before he can give you what belongs to you. Amen. And I even gave a scripture where God say before God give you true riches, God will watch how you handle money. That's right, brother. Amen. Didn't I give you the scripture? Amen. Brother Christian, did I give you the scripture yesterday? He's right there. He say yes. So please parent, I'm tightening you tightening. Amen. Are we together? I cannot tolerate mediocrity. No, sir. Especially in young men. There are things I can tell you right now that I told them yesterday, but I can't because I'm on YouTube. Are we together? If you are going to school, be serious with school. Hurry up with school. And get back. That's exactly right. On the job. Are we together? If school is not for you, I told you what to do yesterday. That's right. That's right. either work be serious at work or there are some certificate you can go one year in school and you can make thousands of them I showed you those yesterday are we together so parent when I'm tightening up I love them that's right uh I love them so much but I want all of them to succeed right God cannot bring so much revelation like this without blessing you financially spiritually, materially and physically in every aspect of our life. Amen. Because the Bible say God want us to prosper as what? Our soul are prospering. So if your soul is prospering by the word, I must see also your finances prospering. [Applause] Are we together? Parents, we together. Amen. Glory to God. The tape are there. The deacon hold the the DVD. If you parent want to see what I talk to them, talk to the deacon. Are we together? I'm going to buy the equipment and it will be given to every deacon. So when you go to their house, they have the equipment to play the video. Praise God. Amen. So they're not going to use the iPad or the laptop. I'm going to buy the equipment. The technician are already working on it. And I'm going to give every deacon and myself. So either you go to the deacon or you come to me. If you want to review anything on married couple meeting or anything, we will post a calendar there for the availability of the deacon. So the deacon will tell you when it's available to go review. You don't have to be yourself. You can come as a group, whatever you want to do. There's no problem. Choose the deacon you want to go through or choose my schedule and then you can come and sit with sister Sharon and you will spend some time watching videos. Any questions so far? Yes sir. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Young sisters meeting, whenever you're ready, we move on. Any questions so far? Brother Glenn, did I cover everything? Brother Tony, I cover everything. Brother Robert, anything that I forgot? Everything is clear. Praise God. So, let's go to the reading of the word. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Yeah. There is a different way you deal with sister than you deal with men. That's right. Men are the head. Men are the head. Amen. Yeah. When you say boys, they are the head of the family. So I cannot deal with them the same way I'm dealing with sisters. No way. No way. No way. No way. Amen. These are pilot of homes. Amen. Amen. The sister is coming and she'll be hooked and she's looking for the direction. And if the head is bad, it's a whole mess, my friend. So parent, I'm insisting, my friend. Did I argue with anyone of you? Did we bad heads? Nothing. So everything is good. Let's stay disciplined. Are we together? Don't tell them they're too young. No sir. I told them yesterday they are not young. No sir. And I even told them they waste so much time. That's true. They need to catch up quickly. Amen. Are we together? Don't worry, my friend. Let's go to Psalm 82. Amen. My subject this morning. Amen. The devil is trying to destroy them. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. But if you fail, I won't fail mine. Amen. If you tired of them, I won't get tired of them. Unless somebody leave the church, then my hands is off. But as long as they still part of this church, I will stand with them. Amen. Through their weaknesses, through their failure or whatever, I will back them up. Even if they fail somewhere, I will pull them up and say, "Boy, let's keep moving. All is well." Are we together? Ah, that's the way I work with them. So Psalm 82 my subject is our life journey through Joseph five garment part 55 55 five grace and our theme by the grace of God is season and purpose brother Charles say he was ready this morning for the word I say brother Charles I'm loaded together. So if you loaded, you ready? Everything will work out pretty good. So flight attendant, let's prepare for takeoff. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as I can go with the ability you have given me. But Lord father when it come to speaking, preaching, interpreting the word to your bride, I am completely Lord father not able to do it. It take a supernatural action of the Holy Spirit. That's why we are surrendering ourself myself here from the pulpit and the audience both visible and invisible so that you will be the one speaking the one blessing the one interpreting the one filling the one delivering and doing everything so that at the end of the day Lord Father may our heart burn within us as you were speaking to us along the way Lord Father we commit this service unto the hand bless our soul Lord Father and be with us as we walking through this in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Psalm 82, we would read two verses and I'll let you be seated. Amen. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Since we lay our burden down. Amen. Amen. Psalm 82 verse 6. If you there you can say amen. Amen. Please stay tight. Stay alert. Stay connected. Okay. Don't do a lot of moving unless it's necessary. Pay attention. Okay. Yes, sir. What I'm trying to get into it can go many directions. I will try to stay on the main line. So, let's stay focused by God's grace. Verse six. I have said you are gods and all of you are children of the most high. You might be seated. But you shall die like who? Men and fall like what? One of the princes. So these are dual beings. Amen. You know that. You know, you understand this pretty good, right? Amen. They are gods and they are also human. Amen. 100% God. And 100% human. Amen. 100% deity. Right. And 100% natural. This is very important. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So now buckle up and follow me carefully. You ready? Amen. In Genesis, I did this to help you up, but you need your Bible. in Genesis 1. God of heaven, please help us. Amen. In Genesis 1 verse 14, the Bible says, "And God says, let there be light in the firmament of the heaven." This word firmament here means the cloud. We went through the mystery of the three heavens. I don't think it's on YouTube. I will find if it's uh not on YouTube. We can post it on YouTube if you want to review. Brother Brandham called this heaven the first heaven because there's three heaven. But let's leave it alone. Let's stay focused. Okay. The point the Bible say God say let there be light in the firmament. That's right. There's many direction we can go here. Amen. Remember God already say let there be light. And then here God begin to say let there be light. You see that? But follow me my friend. The Bible say let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven. Let's make this easy. This is the world. You remember this from question and answer. The world was a ball of ice. Yes. You remember that, right? The world, the earth came from the sun. And he was hot. Yes, sir. And I was, as he was moving away from the sun, the temperature begin to cool off. That's right. You following me clearly? Those who wear glasses understand. Amen. If you are here and it's under AC, air conditioning, if you go outside, what happened to your glasses? Fogs is water. We clear my friend. So as the sun begin to move away, as the earth begin to move away from the sun, the earth begin to cool off. We together. As it begin to cool off, what happened? Moisture begin to be created. Yes. All of this I can go coat after coat after coat. I'm trying to stay on the surface. That moisture created water. Are we together? The further the earth was away from the sun, the earth ended up being filled with water. Everybody okay? Are we together? That's why the Bible say in Genesis 1:2 that the spirit of the Lord, are we together? Enter into the earth and begin to move upon the face of the water, the face of the deep. [Applause] If I lost you, raise your hand. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Then God divided the water from the waters. That's right. That's right. Amen. Am I reading a different Bible? If not, we open the Bible and you going to take me to a different route. The Bible say that God separate the water from the waters. Are we together? So God, the spirit of the Lord came and divide this water. Follow me my friend. As this water was divided, a portion of the water was taken up. That's right. Amen. Are we together? Amen. As this portion of water was going up, Amen. it begin to turn into vapor. Amen. It was no more liquid. Until it reach a certain atmosphere, then it became clouds. Amen. Everybody okay? Everybody okay? And the Bible say now there was water above and water below. Yes sir. Are we together? Are we together? Then God glory to God. Can I erase this water now? Now we got water that is called here cloud. This is called cloud and this is still water. Are we together? Then the Bible say this water that is left here, God divided this water with the earth. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? So one part this water was taken into one side and the earth appear. Are we together? The part that the water was taken, the Bible call that the sea. Amen. And the other part now where there was no water was called the earth. Both of these would take you to Revelation 10 and everything. You will see that all of that. That's right. One foot on the sea, one foot on the land. All of that are here. Are we together? This right here is what you call the sky. If you go outside right here and you look up there, you will see sometime it's bluish or whatever it is the sky. The Bible call this firmament. Any question so far? We clear so far? We clear so far. The sun was created before this. You need a prophet. That's right. Are we together? When this water begin to go up, it created again a darkness on the earth because this water blurred the universe. Amen. Amen. I'm saving you time, my friend. Are we together? So that's why God came on the third day. The light was already created. And God say, now read with me, let there be light. Let there let there be what? Light. Light where? In the firmament of the not light in the universe. Light was already there. The sun was already created. But light where? In the firmament. Are we together? Outside of this earth. You got the sun, you got your moon, whatever everything is over. You got the star over there. Amen. But you cannot see them because of this right here. Right. Amen. We clear now. God say let there be light where in the family so that when you look at the sky the sky now became a glass a screen that you can see and watch the zodiac you can see and see the star are we together have I lost somebody the Bible says in verse 14 God say let there be light in the firmaments of the heaven. God want light to appear right here to do what? Divide the day from the night. And let them be what? For signs. Uh-huh. And for what? Seasons. And for what? Days. And for what? Years. What I want you to understand is God is the one that introduced seasons. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? So season is not something in eternity. [Applause] Please preach with me. Did you sleep well? Did you sleep well? If not, I tell the deacon to be patrolling left and right. Did you sleep well? Season is not something from eternity. No, sir. Season is under heaven. Are we together? In this earth here, we got seasons. Is season singular or plural? Plural. Are we together? So if you are outside this earth, come on brother. Amen. You are not subject to season. [Applause] Glory to God. Amen. Are we together? If you are outside this earth, you are not subject to season. But if you are inside the earth, there is a purpose why I read this the scripture. You are subject to what? Seasons. Everybody. Okay. Amen. Okay. Verse 15. And let them be for what? Lights in the firmament of the heaven. To give light where? Upon the earth. And he was. So remember light was already created. The first thing God removed the darkness. Now God again sent the light to light the earth. Verse 16. And God made how many lights? Two great lights. You know who they are. I'm going to help you up. The great light to rule when the day. It is called what? The sun. Amen. Isn't the Bible beautiful? The sun. Continue my friend. And what? And the lesser light to rule the night which is called what? The moon. So on planet earth, how many are living on planet earth? How many? Okay. So on planet earth we have days, we have nights, we are subject to the light of the sun, and we are subject to the light of the moon. Any questions so far? Now after God created everything, God now created man. Follow me my friend. When God I put everything here. So let's focus here. So when God created man in Genesis 1:26, God say and God blessed them and God say unto them what? Be fruitful and do what? And multiply and do what? And replenish the earth and do what? And subdue it. and have dominion over water, the fish of the sea, over the foul of the air, and over water, every living thing that moveth upon the earth. If you notice, this man was not naturally it. No, sir. No, sir. He was created in the image and the likeness of God. He was a spirit man. Come on, brother. The natural man is in Genesis 2:7. We are still in Genesis 1. Are we together? Amen. And God say, "Behold, I have given you what? Every herbbearing seed which is upon the water, the face of all the earth and every tree in which is what? The fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall future. Because the man cannot eat yet, [Music] brother. Are we together, my friend? Put your seat belt. I'm trying to take off. Are we together? The man cannot eat yet. That's why God say he shall be careful with the Bible. You need a prophet. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. He shall it shall be for what? So this man here was both male and female. [Applause] Are we together? And God called male and female Adam. Yes sir. Both of them one name. Are we together? Are we together? Lord. Adam is created. Is male and he's also what? And what I'm showing here is God gave them a diet. Come on, brother. Amen. Yes, he did. That's right. Amen. So, man in the garden of Eden was eating of what? Fruit. Fruit, seed, any question? Any question? Thank you. The Bible says now in Genesis 2:9 when the natural man is created and out of the ground made the Lord God to grow water. Every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for what? Food. We clear now. The tree of what? Life also where? In the midst of the garden. And the tree of what? Knowledge of good and evil. So in the garden of Eden, we got three category of fruit of trees. Okay. Are we together? [Applause] We got the tree of life. Amen. We got the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Are we together? And we got every tree. Amen. That's right. That's right. Your apple, your fig tree, your plum, whatever you want, it's under every tree. Amen. So, three category, tree of life, tree of good and evil, and every other tree. Everybody okay? Amen. And God told Adam in verse 16, "And the Lord God commanded to man, saying, of what? Every tree of the garden that may freely what? Eat, except which tree? The tree of life and evil. Uh-huh. Tree of what? Knowledge of good and evil. The knowledge of good and evil. So man had the right, follow me, my friend. To eat of every tree and to also eat of the tree of life. I'm going slowly. If I if I lost you, you tell me. Did I lose somebody? Man diet was the tree of life. Amen. Yes. Do you follow me? The spirit of the Lord is telling me something and I'm going to tell you it is the tree of life and every are the tree because man is [Applause] do. Amen. Are we together? This is what God just told me right now to tell you. Because God is doer. Man is doer. The deity need the tree of life. And the natural man need every tree. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together, brother? On the translation. If you tired, get my my brother to translate. I want this lesson to soak in so everybody really get it. Are we together? If you tired, get my brother. I want this to get in. These two trees here, this deal with deity and this deal with the natural man. Any problem so far? No sir. Any problem? No sir. So my point is there are season on the earth. Amen. Amen. And God gave man diet and the diet are fruits. Any question? Adam was living off fruits. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know you love steak. But let's go back to the beginning. Adam was living of what? Fruits. Amen. Amen. Everybody okay? Everybody okay? Now I'm going to flip I'm going to flip the picture right now. Follow me carefully. When we go in Revelation 21, I beg you please, God of heaven, help us. Verse one, the Bible say, I saw a what? A new heaven. Not the heaven. Follow me, my friend. Not the heaven. Amen. I saw a water, a new heaven, and a water, a new earth. For the first heaven, and the first earth was what? Passed away. And there was no more sea. Are we together? Take your time, brother. Are we together? Amen. On this earth, this earth, you got sea. But when we go back in the new Jerusalem into eternity, there won't be any more seas. Do you follow me? Amen. We dividing this right here. We got a new heaven. Amen. Amen. And a new what? So if this is new, what do we call this? I love this church. Old heaven and water. Are we together? But in the new heaven, the Bible say there is what? No sea. We clear in the old heaven there is a sea and there are season. Amen. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. Lord of heaven. Now in Revelation 21:23 the Bible say and the city has what? No need of the sun. Are we together? Neither of what? the moon to shine on it. For the glory of God did what? Light in it. And the lamb is what? The light thereof. In the city where the lamb is the light. Over here we got the sun and the moon. To divide the season. But over here we don't need no sun. Amen. No moon. Are we together? Glory to God. Going down to verse 25. And the gates of it of the city shall not be what shut at all by by what? By day. For there shall be what? No night there. That's it. Glory. Glory. Amen. No night here. Brother Steven, where are you going? Are we together? Amen. Now, in Revelation 22, now get ready. In the midst of the street of it, in the new heaven and the new earth, on either side of the river, there is a revelation right here. There was a water, tree of life. spoken word. Can you swallow this? Can you swallow this? Brother Brandham said the tree of life was crushed. Are we together? In the new Jerusalem. Amen. There will be a river. Come on, brother. Are we together? And in on in the midst of that river, there is a tree. Yes. But the Bible say this tree is on either side of the river. That's right. How can a tree be on either side of the river when it's in one place? Amen. Are we together? In other words, if you come on this side, you see the tree. If you come on this side, you see the tree but it's one tree. But you can see it on both side because Proverb Solomon say the tree of life is a she. It's written in the Bible. Come on Lord. He was one man, Adam. Right. But he was male and female. It is one tree, Christ. But Christ is male and female. It is one tree, the tree of life, but he have a branch of a male and a branch of a female. You can see it on both side. Are we together? Have I lost somebody? No, sir. Have I lost somebody? No, sir. The Bible says that on either side of the river was there the what? Tree of life. Do you see the tree of knowledge of good and evil? Here. No. So in the new heaven and earth, there is no tree of knowledge of good and evil because the devil is already put on the lake of fire. Are we together? No tree of good and evil, but the tree of life that was here is still on the other side. We got the tree of life. Lord, help me. The Bible says that the tree of life which bear 12 manners of what? Fruit. Adam in the first earth was feeding on what? Fruits. That's right. Are we together? When we go back to the new earth and new heaven there is of tree of life with how many manner of fruit? 12. 12 fruit. How many month do we have? 12. 12 month. Amen. Amen. We together. Amen. And the Bible say and yielded her fruit water every month. [Applause] I hope we are okay. On this earth here, you got season. [Music] Fruit don't come every month. That's right, brother. Amen. I hope we are together. But over there there is no season. There is no night. There is no moon. There is no sea. There is not even a night and every month. The tree is producing fruit because of a dead time has season. [Applause] Are we together over here? There is no time because we back in eternity and there is no season. This is your deduction, brother Stephen. Where did the prophet say that? Brother Brham says in the message question and answer in 1964 he was talking answering about the seals. Brother Brham said the seals never ended time. Come on brother because the seal the seven one take you and ushering you into the millennium. Are we together? Brother Bronham say time or season until after the what? Millennium. So in the millennium we still under time because it's a thousand year. There is time. But once we pass the millennium there is no more ages. No more time. No more season. Time and season stop at the millennium because God want to prove the devil. Yes sir. That man may live a thousand year without sin. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother say no. It still be water time until after what the millennium. We clear now. So in the new earth no sea, no need of sun, no need of moon, no night, no tree of knowledge of good and evil. Only the tree of life. But the tree of life is producing fruit. Amen. Not steak, fruit. And the fruit is every month. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Brother Brandham says this in the future home in paragraph 425. He say, "Oh, what? Holy mountain." Continue, my friend. There will be streets of transparent gold. Uhhuh. Avenues and houses and parks. If you want to read this, Revelation 21:18, uhhuh. The tree of life will be there. Continue. 12 different manners of fruit. Uhhuh. One each month will be bore on it. Let's go slowly. The people that eat this fruit, they shall change their diet every month. I'm reading the prophet. Is that too strong? Every month you have a different menu. In other words, Adam is back again. Amen. Are we together? But without season. Because over there every month you can go to a tree and you can find fruit. But not on this earth here. This earth has season. Amen. Shake somebody, my friend. Are we together? Are we together? So why are you saying all of this? What is the purpose of all of this? In the book of Mark, chapter 11:E3, I'm giving you time to soak in. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Can I continue? Amen. Ah, in the book of Mark 11 verse what? 13. The Bible speaks about Jesus and seeing a what? A fig tree where a far off having what? leaves. He came if happily in other word purchased. He may find what? Anything thereon. He was looking for fruit. Adam because Jesus is the last Adam. Jesus is the second and the last Adam. The first Adam feed on fruit. The second Adam is looking for fruit. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? [Music] The Bible says, "And if happily he may find what? Anything thereon." And when he came to it, he found what? Nothing but leaves. But leaves. For the time of what? Figs was not yet. [Music] The correct translation is the season of the fruit was not yet. How can Jesus make such a mistake? [Applause] Come on, brother. Preach now. Because Jesus was 100% God and 100% man. Does Jesus make a mistake? No sir. So there got to be a mystery right there. Are we together? Amen. Which clock is Jesus using? [Music] [Applause] But he was not the new heaven yet. He was not the new earth yet. So even Jesus must go through the season. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? [Applause] William Marion Brham. Brother Brandham say in the message what have faith in God. He said the story is very what striking as all Bible reader read much of the scripture knows what the instance Jesus came down from the hill as a what? A human. He was coming down as a what? A human. Hallelujah. Not as a god. Amen. As a human. A man who been what? Up all night fasting. He came down to find what? Something to eat. Looking where? On the tree. Now we could take that from a dozen different angle tonight. Amen. [Music] Amen. You can take it from different angle. Amen. Amen. Remember that tree is a fig tree. And what deceived Jesus if we can call it deception was the leaf. And the leaf of the fig tree is what Adam used in the garden of Eden to cover himself. And brother Brandham called the fig leaves religion and that's the problem in the message. We got a lot of religion on the outside but there are no fruits. [Applause] When you see them, you say, "This is a brother. This is a sister." When you get closer to them, they are backbiters, hypocrites, stabbing people in the back, and different liars, robbers. In this message, leave denomination alone. Let's deal with the message. Hallelujah. Full of religion. Long dresses. Ego here. Ego here. Ego here. Ego here. A hypocrite. [Applause] [Music] There is nothing wrong about long dresses. There is nothing wrong about having an ego. But we need to see some fruits. Amen. [Applause] Where is meekness? Where is gentleness? Where is longsuffering? Where is temperance? [Music] [Applause] Can we continue? Can we continue? Can we continue? Let me pull from that angle. Let me go back again on the highway. Let's go back and stay on the highway. Brother Brandham say you could take that from a what? A dozen different angles tonight. And being the Jewish what nation that was what curse because Jesus came and found no fruit in them. He found them in denomination. Pharisee, Sadducees, Herodogas. And we got denomination in this message. We got clicks. [Applause] clicks of move. We are under so and so. We are under so and so in this church. We are under the message. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Hallelujah. He says every what the word of God written is inspiration and it hooks the whole Bible together on every word in it is the most water is the most wonderful book that was ever written. Push the brake. So coming back to a highway we found out that the creator himself have to go by the season because he was not the new heaven. He was not the new earth. Jesus went as a human being, brother Brown. I'm saying and was looking for fruit. Are we together? As a human being, he didn't see fruit. Because as a human being, Jesus cried. That's right. Are we together? And the Bible say it was not the fault of the tree. The problem was the season. Then de kick in. [Applause] He moved from a human to a god. He spoke the spoken word. Are we together? Brother Brandham say he preached the gospel to that tree. Why? Come on. Why do you curse a tree? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham say in the message what perfect faith. He say but Jesus live where? In a world that that what no one knowed about. That's right. He was what? An odd person. He lived in a world of what? Perfect faith in the water perfect God in which he was That's right. If we live in the water, perfect faith of a water, a Christian to what we are will be a what? A mystic to the world. The people would not understand you. [Applause] Walk how in the spirit what the spirit say you would do what he forbid you would not do then people begin to say the you be a what a mystic person to them that is the way it is to who all believers they are how a mystic the people what don't understand because they live in the world to what themselves Jesus live in the world that nobody else could touch amen the disciple could not understand him amen When he spoke to them, they say, "Why you talking riddles? We don't understand this. How can this be?" See, there was not in the world that he live in. See, they could not what understand him. Nobody could understand him. How can he go to a tree out of season looking for fruit? And the problem was not the fruit. The problem was the season. Are we together? Are we together? David says this. Psalm one very familiar. Let's go, my friend. Blessed is the manhu that walketh not in the counsel of the ungodly. Blessed is who? The man. So they talking about human being. No. Standeth where? In the way of sinners. No water siteth in the seat of the scornful. But his delight that man is where in the law of the Lord. And in his law do he the man meditate how? Day and night. He shall be like a tree which is planted by what? The rivers of water. If you notice there are many river but one word. Let's leave it alone. Are we together? Rivers of what? water that bringeth forth his fruit. When in his season it So even if you sitting by the river [Applause] of waters, you still under heaven. [Applause] Ah, if you want to, you want the quote, see me after church. Brother Brham say, somebody pull this. It is reverse plural of what? Brother Brandham say if you notice it's reverse plural of one word. And brother Brandham say it is the spirit of the Lord with nine gift [Music] nine river of one spirit and a tree is planted there. I don't know if we together. If you need the coach, you see me after church. Are we together? It is a tree that is planted by water. The rivers of water. A tree that is planted by the rivers of water, according to us, that tree should have fruit all the time. But David say no. That's right. Amen. Even though you are planted by the rivers of the water, you will bring fruit only. Even though you are full of the Holy Ghost, the gift are operating fruits are only in [Applause] I'm trying to help you. So the devil won't play game with you anymore because the devil is telling you why is God blessing you, speaking in tongue to you, but he doesn't do this for you. Tell him, "I'm a tree planted by the rivers of water." In my season, in my season, when my time's come, [Applause] [Music] [Applause] are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Because we got a Pentecostal denominational understanding. That's right. Because I got the full anointing of God. So when I'm going steakhouse, McDonald speak the word. You get here. Even Jesus did not do that. He only does what the father shows him. [Applause] Yes sir. Because you are 100% and 100%. Amen. You need to know how you operating. [Applause] Can I say something? The fact that Jesus missed the season didn't remove deity. Yeah. In other words, even unlock deity. Are we together? Are we together? If you're sleeping, I'm wondering. Tell that demon, "Not now. I need to know about my season. Are we together? Are we together? So being planted by the river of water. Amen. All the non- gift are operating doesn't mean everything will happen at the same time. [Applause] Why is God telling you all these things? Why is God blessing you with all this revelation? But you don't see things. know the fruit will come in its season because you are not in here. You are still here. Even Jesus has to remember that he's still under the earth. He didn't follow the season. [Applause] Can I continue? Can I continue? Oh my God. The Bible say he shall be like what? A tree planted by the rivers of water that bringeth forth what? Fruit in his season. In what? Why are they using his for a tree? Come on now, brother. They're using his for a tree. They should have used it. Why are they using his? So that tree is a person. [Music] Yes, it is. [Applause] It's the man that doesn't sit with corners. The man that read the Bible every day, day and night, he meditate in the Bible. He's listening to the message. He's a tree planted by the river. How do you know you a tree? Look at what you're reading. Look what you feeding on. And if you doing that, don't mind anymore. There is a season. Amen. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Oh my God. He will bring his fruit when in his season his what? Leaf also shall not wither. Amen. [Music] All the time. All weather. Covid. No co. [Music] Money. No money. The trees are green. You don't know when that tree is sick. Because the tree always smile. Yes sir. The tree is always happy. Yes sir. You don't know when their packet are full and not monthly because they are drawing sources from the word of God. They meditate in the word of God. The word is charging them day and night. Spoken word. Stick your head in the word. Drink from the word. It will keep you alive. When everybody's complaining, you are babbling. Why I'm planted by the tree? [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Hallelujah. He says that his leaf also shall not what? Wither. And whatsoever he does [Applause] Yes sir. Whatsoever brother Michael certain things that you do whatsoever whatsoever means what? Whatsoever you do shall do what? Prosper you want to prosper. Here is the key. Yes sir. It is not complicated sir. Stay where the river is. But remember in your seasonal [Applause] glory glory glory glory Jesus. Are we together? Are we together? Hallelujah. Are we together? Hallelujah. Oh glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Holy. That's why Ecclesiastes say to everything there is a what? A season. [Applause] You need a baby, there is a season. You need a job, there is a season. You want to get married, there is a season. You need a car, there is a season. Whatever you everything have a season. Yes sir. Hallelujah. Everything there is what season every purpose there is a what? Hallelujah. Every purpose, there is a time for it. Every purpose in your life, everything God put in your soul that you feel like something is scratching you, there is a time. Yes, sir. There is a season. Everything that the spirit is leading you, [Applause] there is a time. There is a season where? Under the heaven. Where? Under the heaven. That's good. Where? Under the heaven. Amen. Amen. Under the heaven. You got season. You got a time for everything. Amen. There is a season. Yes. Because the point of we dealing with a season is because brother Brandham say I ask him for something sometime. And he shake his head and say no. [Applause] Now when God say no, do you come out crying? Oh my God. This relationship didn't work. [Applause] The next time I see you crying, I will bring a a I mean a scripture whooping. [Applause] Are we together? Why are you crying? Who told you it's your time? Who told you it's him? I applied for this job. It didn't work. I could have make 100k, [Applause] five figure. [Music] Lord, you don't love me. I won't go to church anymore. [Applause] I won't sing anymore. I won't play the drum anymore. I won't play the piano anymore. When I come to church, I'm going to sit in the back over there. We used to be our friend. Come on. [Music] [Applause] Because God say no. There is a purpose [Applause] and there is a season. Spoken word. Oh, glory to God. Brother say, I just what? Rejoice so much about that as I can if he said yes. Amen. [Applause] [Music] It didn't work out. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Jesus. I don't know what you save me from. [Music] Because brother Brandham says sometime we marry the wrong man [Applause] and he will be corrected over there. But under heaven you suffer. So if it doesn't work, leave it alone. We want to push push push push push. The man say no. You keep begging him. I know. I know you're going through problem. But talk to me. [Applause] A man that love a woman. You don't teach him how to love a woman. He's the one begging the woman. [Applause] rescue. I'm pulling somebody out of water. Amen. The brother problem say because we always ought to ask what thy will be done. If that is his will, it's a whole lot better than what his yeses. If it is what his will to do it. [Music] If it's the will of God for no, it is more better than if God would have say yes at that time. Yes. At that time you entering the permissive will. [Applause] Now you going to get trouble there. You are eating but it's spicy marriage. Everybody else is saying, "My marriage is sweet. Yours is spicy." You got what you want, but it's spicy. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? [Music] [Laughter] Oh, glory. Amen. Can I continue? Can I continue? Because this is this is the purpose. Why is he saying no? Brother Brandham says this my friend in the message the second miracle. Brother Brandham say as I told you before many times what my friend time and sight is the worst enemy that God has. [Applause] [Music] He looks so cute. Arasa, she looks so beautiful. A Jel. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? You don't see how many time you will go at the court. You don't see how many time police officer will come at your home because there is a I mean domestic violence. [Music] [Applause] That's why I'm tough with young people. That's why I don't play with young people. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham say time and sight is what? The worst enemies that God has. It's time and what? And sight. You look and neither one of them declare anything about God. [Applause] You want it to be done. How? Spontaneous. When God take his time, a bad things. God take his time a bad things and let's just believe whatever he said. [Music] It is taking too long. It is taking too long based on what? Because your friend got married. So they put pressure on you. Were you born in the same day? Do you have the same birthday? No. Who told you everything between you will go along? Where did you get that? [Applause] Then you built jealousy. Everybody is rejoicing. You are [Applause] Why you jealous? I rejoice with my brother. Because it's his season. It is his time. We rejoice together. [Applause] Brother season, I get a house. I say, "Praise the Lord." Call us on a cookout. Let's go sit in that house and enjoy. Can I continue? Can I continue? Aha. Brother Pam says this. Glory to God. He said let's remember why we are obeying the spirit. One great lesson that we want to learn is never be what? Hastily [Applause] see do what? Take your time. And what? Have faith. If we ask God for what? Anything. Remember God answers prayer. He does it when in his time the way it is best makes it work just right for who? Us. [Applause] God knows what is best for you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Now Jesus was speaking. He says father the time has come. Now there is what? Seasons for everything. Continue my friend. Do you believe that? Do you believe that? Do you believe that? Brother Brandham say you saw where in a certain season and you reap where in a certain season because we under the heaven and there is a season when what the time comes that is right for things to what [Applause] happen. Amen. There is a season that the time will come for certain things to begin to happen. Amen. Amen. Read it again, my friend. Amen. Now Jesus here was speaking. He said, he said, "Father, the time has come." Uh-huh. Now there's seasons for everything. Uhhuh. Do you believe that? Uh-huh. You sow in a certain season. Correct. And you reap in a certain season. 25 miles an hour. And there's seasons when the time comes that's right for things to happen. Are we together? Put your seat belt, my friend. Amen. Everything has a season. Amen. Even the word of God has a season. [Applause] I told you put your seat belt. Put your seat belt. I told you put your seat belt. I don't have any choice. I'm going to release the missile. If I taught you this message, it will take what? No effect on you. I'm waiting. Put your seat belt. If I taught you you a what? A Methodist message. It would take what? No effect on you. This is what bride time. If Moses taught the message of Noah, it would take what? No effect. If Jesus [Applause] taught what Moses message, it will take what? No effect. Because the predestinated seed are laying there that will what only be watered by the top of water that is give for what? The seed [Music] [Applause] sir. Don't come in this church and read Charles Burton. [Music] [Applause] Don't come in this church and quote Luther. Don't quote Smith with the wife here. The message was good for that time. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Because the message of Luther will not make your seed to grow. Your seed is wired for another season. With another message, with another messenger, only that word can help your seed. So make sure here we quote only who? William Marian Brown. If a church remove brother, leave that church [Applause] [Music] because they are blocking you from the word of the season. He's my friend. We went with him in high school. He's my family member. So what? So what? Amen. We staying in church dying because of friendship, because of family ties, because we want to be in a certain environment when the word of the season is not there. What's the word of the season? [Applause] Some are even more hypocrite. They already understood that if they remove brother Brandham, they will lose the tithing. People will leave the church. So they caught brother Brandham superficially. But they don't go deep in the message. You who are following me online, your family is dying, your children are dying, and you still staying in that church, leave that church. [Applause] The message preached there won't help you. You are another caliber. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He won't grow in what? Any other conditions. So, how do you expect people to grow in a church that looks like a Baptist? Let me put it again. How do you expect people to grow in a message church that look like a Presbyterian? [Applause] Hallelujah. We staying there to hang out. He says it must be what the conditions that grows it where the carcass is there. The eagle will be what? Gather where the carcass where the killing where the eagle will be what gathered where the fresh water me is the word of what the season there be what the eagles will gather where are you gathering which message is preached there how deep is that message preached we're not sympathizing we must believe the the pastor must believe and be convinced of the message before he preaches it. [Applause] If the pastor has question, the church won't grow. He become it become a cage of unclean spirit. [Applause] How can you preach the message? An uncleanness in the church. Boys are sleeping with church with girls and everything. Something is wrong. Let's go back to the pulpit. Let's check the pulpit. Do you believe the message? Because the message clings. The message change. The message transform. [Applause] We are stuck because of family. We are stuck because of friendship. We are stuck because I'm a white man and I have to be under a white man. I'm a black man. I have to be under a black man. Racist on both side. Racisting black people. Racisting white people. Hallelujah. You only survive when the church is is a black church. You only survive when the church is a white church. I wait for you in heaven. I will see which heaven you will get in because in heaven, African, American, Indian, Spanish, Canadian, everybody in the same place. A bunch of hypocrite. Hypocrit. Put me on Tik Tok. A bunch of hypocrite. All the preacher that preaches in your church are black people. All the preacher that preaches on your church are white people. And we see the whole love of God. Oh, how sweet you. Oh me. Which love of God? hypocritical love. [Applause] Listen to me. I'm not a I'm not a white man. I'm a black man, but I have no problem with a white messenger. I love him. I embrace him. Amen. My precious brother. I love him. I embrace him. I am proud to stand with William Marion Brana. I am proud. Which heaven are you going to? God will judge you. God will judge you. You are mine. God will judge you. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? The word must be the word of the season. As long as you give me the word, I don't care your color. Bring me the word. Oh. Now, God promised to who? To Noah, continue, my friend. Won't work for us today. Uh-huh. God's promise to Moses, we couldn't have Moses's message. Uh-huh. Moses couldn't have had Noah's message. We got the message of the hour. Uhhuh. We couldn't have had Luther's message. We couldn't have had Wes Wesley's message. Uh-huh. Push the brake. So don't come here you young preacher and come here and say I was reading uh Charles Spurgeon. Hey stay with your Charles Spurgeon over there. This seed need only Malachi. Don't bring me Joel Austin here. No TD Jake here. No Pentecostal preacher here. [Applause] The word of the season. Brother Brandham say this is another time God enlighted his word to what? Each age and as the age come along he sent what? Someone there to indicate that word to prove that that is what true. Glory to God. Who is a faithful? Come on brother and a what? Wise servant whom the Lord has made what? ruler over his household to give meat how? In due season. Pastor, watch the season. [Music] If God give you a church, make sure you bringing the meat of that season. Because the word of God has a season. Are we together? Amen. He said, "And the Lord said, who then is thou what? Faithful and what? and wise steward whom his lord shall make water. Ruler over his household to give them their portion of meat in due season. Every age God has a portion. Give us the portion of our time. Who is a wise messenger? Who is a wise preacher? The preacher that will give you the portion for the season. And this season is the season of Malachi 4. Give us the message of Malachi 4. Give us the portion of God for this day. [Applause] Amen. Why? Why? Why, my friend? Because when you are in season, you don't push when your season come. I may shock some of you. Even if you didn't pray, [Applause] when your season come, it looks like the devil goes to sleep. I'm going to show you that, my friend. Can I continue? Hallelujah. The Bible says in first in second king 4:16, this is Elisha talking to the to the woman. Elisha say about this season according to what? the time of life. There is a difference between time of love and time of life. We'll get with that with married couple. I'm not going to release that now. Are we together? According to the what time of life that shall embrace what a son she say name my Lord that man of God do not lie unto thy handmade. And the woman did what? Conceive. Push the brake. Let me reread this again. [Music] And he say about what? This season Elisha is giving that save the Lord. He look at the woman. He say what's her problem? She doesn't give birth. Elijah came. Elisha came. He say do you see this season here about this season? Yes sir. Amen. because he must give time for the pregnancy about 9 month because the boy he was a boy about this season are we together according to the what time of life watch God is working with the internal clock of a woman I will see you in marriage couple meeting God is working with the internal clock of a woman because it's God that created that clock. Yes, sir. That's why he came on February the 28th. [Applause] He was following the clock of a woman. The clock of the brother because it's a woman's circle and when he come in the club he's following that date and this year on February the 28th, seven planet ran up. on February the 20th to vindicate this message. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? God says according to the time of Yah, thou shalt do what? Embrace the son. And she said to that saith the Lord. She says what name my Lord that man of God do not what lie unto thine handmade push the break. Did she believe? No [Applause] [Music] I need more time. You are taking my time. Did she believe? She's saying she's calling who liar. Under the anointing. When the prophet is under the anointing, he's no longer a man of God. He becomes [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God. Glory, glory, glory. Receive. Are we together? So, who's talking here? God drew a vessel and the woman is telling God what [Applause] it is. According to me and you, she lost the promise. It's not going to happen because she doesn't believe. But when the season came, the season didn't mind her unbelief. [Applause] Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. I don't know if I will preach this season my friend. That's why brother Brandham say unbelief does not hinder God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God knows that you are human being. He understand you going through trial and grace over I mean overlap this thing. Jesus. He says, "And the woman did what?" Conceived. And what? And bear a son. At which season? At that season. That who Elisha had said unto her? According to what? The time of life. Because when the season come, it's no longer your problem. Matter of fact, it's not your season. It is God's season for you. So God is in charge, not you. [Applause] If you struggling with this, let me load you with this one. God came down to Abraham in Genesis 18. [Applause] He said, "Where is Sarah?" streak in it. Right. Pass passen [Music] and God say about the time of life Sarah I will come to Sarah search that coming in the Bible it's a secret coming I will come to Sarah and Sarah shall have a child what is Sarah Do you know what Sarah say? Sarah say the spinner shall cook with for him. He ate so much. Look how we begin to talk talk. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? Amen. Amen. And Elohim say, "Why did Sarah and Sarah in the face of God?" She said, "I didn't laugh. [Applause] No, because God's time will happen. [Music] Quit worrying. Quit worrying. There is a season. You don't push anything. It is effortless. You won't even boast of anything. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Because you know how many times you doubted God? But God didn't follow your doubt. God knew that you were man. [Applause] Amen. Can I continue? Can I continue? Can I continue? Amen. The Bible says in Luke 20. Thank you, Lord. The angel Gabriel, he said, "Beloved, thou shall be what? down. Zechariah, you going to have a child? Me, an old man like me. Ah, no. The angel didn't say you won't receive that child anymore. He say you will be dumb. So you don't testify negativity. [Applause] We don't want garbage out of your mouth. Glory and glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because Zechariah, I have heard your prayer. I already heard your prayer. Now I have come down. The time has come. The season has come. And when God is coming, the one who was expecting begin to doubt. But because the season come, the season is removing unbelief. not able to speak until the day that these things shall be what? Performed because thy believeth not what? My words which shall be fulfilled when in their season. The word has a season. Amen. The word God is talking to you have a time. Amen. It will live from a preaching to become a life. There is a time what I'm preaching is a preaching. There is a time it will be a reality. [Applause] Hallelujah. Are we together? The Bible says in Galatian 5, "And let us not be what? Weary in welloing, for in what? In due season we shall reap. Amen. Let us not be what? Weary in what? In welloingo. Push the brake. Why are we weary in welloing? Because we are expecting reward quick. I did it. Nothing happened. You told me to give money. I give money to the poor. I'm still struggling financially. Don't be weary. Don't be. In due season, in due season, every offering you are giving to the poor, God will come back. [Applause] [Music] You are weary because you don't know a principle. There is a season. God is counting all of them. He won't forget it. No, he won't. Oh, glory to God. Ezekiel 34:26. And I will make them and the what places round about my he what? A blessing. And I will cause the shower to come down when in his season there shall be shower of what? Of blessing. So shower of blessing comes in the seasonal. [Applause] Which season are we in now? Spring. Okay. We're in spring. Okay. We are in spring, right? My question, if you don't pray for rain, do you think it won't rain? I'm asking you, if you don't pray for rain and most of us don't pray for rain, that does it stop the rain? Because the rain don't care about your prayers. The rain is following the creator. The creator say spring. When it spring, whether you pray or you don't pray, whether you leave the church or you don't leave the church, the rain still come. [Applause] s and the Bible is talking about shower of blessing. When the time come, when the season come, the shower of blessing will come. This is why you don't understand. You will see a certain time in your life you pray too much. You pray, you fasting, and you expect, you say, "This is the time. I'm going to get something." And it looks like nothing work. I'm talking to somebody. It looks like nothing work. And you say, "Let me push more prayer and you push, you push, you push, nothing work." Then suddenly you reach a certain period when you don't even pray pray too much. You pray just a little bit, but it looks like things begin to happen. Did it happen to you? You don't understand because the problem is the season. Your prayer line went up. But the prayer were waiting for the season. When the season come, it don't matter what you're doing. When the season come, you wanted to speak the word because you pray it happen. You do this, it happen. You do this, it happen. You do this, it happen. Full of faith. [Applause] It looks like blessing after blessing, blessing after blessing, blessing after blessing. The problem is a season. I can't catch it today. But maybe two weeks down the road, I will show you when the season come. How do you behave? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. We found that in John 5 verse4 the Bible for say for the for an angel went down where at a certain season into the pool. Hallelujah. My friend I have not touched purpose yet. I'm still with season. So you must season well. Even on the pool of Bethesda, the angel was not coming up and down, up and down, up and down. No. Amen. Season. And those people have to wait there. Yeah. And one was sick 38 years. It's written in your Bible. He says, "And an angel went down at the water a certain season when into the pool and did what?" And troubled the water and let's continue. Whosoever then first after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole. Stop right there. When the season come and the water are trouble, does the water care who's jumping? [Applause] I I I hope it's soaking when the season come, the water don't don't care who comes. Whether you tall or you short, the weather don't come. The the water is just waiting for the first one to get Amen. Amen. Can I continue? Let's Let's go again. He say, "And the trouble the water whosoever then first after the troubling of the water step in was made how?" Of what? Soever disease he had. Amen. I hope you getting that. When the season come, the identification of the disease was not a problem. Amen. In other words, the season don't care about the sickness. Amen. If it's cancer, if it's this, if it's kidney, if it's high blood pressure, diabetes, that's not the problem. When the season come, whichever sickness it is, the season take care of it. Oh, God. The Bible says, "And a certain man was there which had an infirmity." How many years? 30 and 8 years when Jesus saw him lie and knew that he has been there now for a what a long time in that case but Brandham say he was prostate right because he could fight his way up you need a prophet and then he said unto him if you have a prostate problem I hope you suck that one I hope you got that Ah, will that be made whole? The important man. Answer him. The Bible call him important. Sir, I have no man. Was that the answer? If you fool, I stop. Jesus asked him, "Will that be made what?" Oh, what is the answer? Yes or you begin to explain. Did they ask you explanation? The season don't need explanation. [Music] [Applause] Because the pool was there, but the season was changing. The God of the pool came with another season. He was a change of season from the pool to the person. Jesus was the pool himself. [Applause] He told the woman they were I will give you water that you don't know how to draw. He was a pool. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? He says will that be made what? The question is yes or what? Listen to his explanation. Sir, I have no man when the weather is trouble to put me into the pool. But while I'm coming, another step down before me. Did they ask you all of this? No. Did Jesus get upset? Did Jesus pay attention to his blabbering sir? Amen. Because his season came. Whatever come out of his mouth that doesn't even line up. God don't hear it. Watch Jesus. Jesus didn't say, "Oh, so your case was hard." Oh man, I sympathize for you. Jesus didn't have time to waste. The father already gave him a vision. There is one that needed a season. Go there. Gave him his season and get out. Are we together? And the Bible say Jesus say unto him what? Rise and water. Take up thy bed and what? And walk. That say period. Amen. When the season come, you don't push. Amen. I hope we can swallow this, my friend. The Bible says in Luke 4 13, "And when the devil has ended what? All the temptation, he departed from him for a what?" A season. Amen. That's it. You don't get sick. You don't go to the hospital. You even forget there is a hospital because the season have come that God told the devil, "Push the break. He need a vacation from you. Amen. And you go outside without a mask, you don't get sick. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. The devil departed for a season. And watch when the devil departed, what happened to Christ? The Bible say, "And Jesus returned in what? the power of the spirit into Galilee and they went out a fame of him throughout all the region round about because they put the devil into a custody [Music] they say Satan quiet this is a different season one your time in other word Christ had a season of temptation and there is a season you come out of temptationmen Amen. There is a time that you go through temptation and there is a time you will come out of a temptation. There is a time you waiting for the baby like Abraham. But there is a time you going to come out into a different season from winter to spring until [Applause] summer. Amen. Let me search how to land this ship, my friend. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham say he thought she was drunk. Talking about Hannah at the temple. They did the same thing on Pentecost. They do the same thing today. She said she was not drunk, but she was praying God to take away water. Her reproach and he blessed her. And as soon as she received the blessing from the priest, notice didn't wait. Now God could have put the baby in her arm right then. Brother Brandham say when Anna finished praying, God could have just brought the baby and say this is what we want. This is what we want. I come outside, I see a dealer with a car key. Are we together? God can do that. He's able to do that. He's able to do that. If your season comes, [Applause] the Bible br say God could have put in her arm what right then but she went home how happy knowing that in due season amen I hope we understand it I'm praying God is saying no you don't get trouble you don't get discouraged you go happy because you ship your Amen. You must trust the agency that my case will reach destination. Amen. [Music] Brother Daniel is back there. You trying to ship something from to brother Daniel. You go there and you go to the post office. There is overnight shipping. You know all of that. Yeah. And you pay a little bit more price. And they even give you a guarantee. A warranty. They say if it doesn't happen on the third day, we send you, you come back, we refund you the money. So the post office doesn't want to play again. Are we together? When you to go there and you pay money, expensive $60,000 and then they give you the receipt and they say if it doesn't happen, come back. The post office won't lose that $60. No sir. He will make sure he keep the $60. So when you ship the package and they give you a receipt, what do you tell brother Daniel? You call him. You say, "Hey, how is everything?" "Oh, I already shipped the package, man. Just wait over there." You have faith. Amen. Amen. You have faith that the package have went. And if brother Daniel call you the second time, what do you keep repeating him? And if he bag you the third time, you take a screenshot of the receipt to tell him, "Stop bagging me." That's how you handle Satan. [Applause] Where is what you ask for? I already ship it because faith is the substance of things vote for and the evidence of things not see. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? So when you ship the package, you go to sleep because the package is out of your control. Yes, sir. You're not going to go to the airport and stand and you say, "I want to see how the package is going." This is what we do. The Bible Brother say knowing that in do season God will do what? Bring it to pass. That is the kind of people we need today. Amen. Doing what? Taking God at his word. Why? Because it's going to happen. And if it doesn't happen now in due season, are we together? Are we together? My time is up. I have not touched the purpose yet. So, let me try to see how we going to maneuver and go to the airport. Buckle up, my friend. Flight attend and prepare for landing. Are we together? Brother Brham say he came time and what? One time for the children of Israel to do what? Be delivered from the Egyptian bondage. Are we together? Israel cried. Amen. Are we together? Israel prayed. Go listen to the message teaching on Moses. Brother Brham will show you how Amram and Yed were praying. And it seems like the more they pray the more Pharaoh increase. Amen. Every day a whooping. Every day everybody comes home tired, worn out. And he was attacking men. Because when you wear a man out, You decrease the seed. That's the truth. That's the truth, brother. Because he was killing the baby and it doesn't work. Amen. Remember your Bible. So he say, "Let me take man and wear them." Amen. Amen. Amen. See on married couple minutes. Are we together? Are we together? He was wearing the men and things got worse. Is cry. Israel cry. On the other side, Moses is with sheep. Bear bear bear. He got a wife. Got two children. Free of worries. My life is good now. I came up from all those trouble, trouble, trouble, trouble. Now I'm far away from them. I left them with their fellowship. I'm here quiet on my corner minding my own business. You see how life is good? Show me where Moses prayed for the pillar for the burning bush. The burning bush didn't come because of Moses praying. Sir, the burning bush came because of the season. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Hallelujah. I'm heading to the airport. When the time of the promise did what? True. None. It has nothing to do with you now. Are we together? Your praying time is over now. Now God step on the scene. That's why he told Moses, I have what? Where was God all along? It looks like he heard only now. Where was God all along when they were crying? Where was God? Do you think he was sleeping? Because the Holy One of Israel doesn't sleep nor slumber. But when he come to Moses, he say, I have heard. And I have done what? I myself came down. Why do Why didn't you come 30 years ago? Why? Why? Why? The devil thought The devil thought he can get you off the message. He didn't understand that God has another season in living word. [Applause] Come on. Amen. When the devil come crashing the church, God pulled the season up. from living word to spoken word. [Applause] Now look where you are. Do you want to go back there? [Applause] What did you do? Did you pray for another church? No. Did you pray for a building? No. What did you do for it? Did you pray for anything? Who's supplying? Who's bringing the key player? Who's bringing people? Pulling them from Georgia. Pulling this one from here. Pulling this one. Who's doing that? You. Because the season has come. [Applause] [Music] Let me wind up my friend as I'm landing. If you look on your window, you will see Charlotte, North Carolina. Are we together? Ah, the Bible brother pram say when the time of the promise did what? Drew nine. There raise up a pharaoh who did not know what? Joseph. How can a pharaoh I mean I mean who's here who doesn't know George Washington? I'm asking you who's here who doesn't know George Washington? Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Now somebody rose and they say I don't know George Washington. A pharaoh rose and say I don't know Joseph after everything Joseph did. A preacher just rose and say William Marion brother is a liar. I thought you the one that saw the picture. I thought you were there. What happened to you? No, the problem is the season came. [Applause] The season came. We didn't know the season has come. We were worried about our comfort zone. God say, "I got something better." [Applause] Can I continue? I'm about to land the ship, my friend. The plan. He says they raise up a what of Pharaoh. Who? Who did not know Joseph? Why brother? I thought you believe brother Brandham. No, it's a lie. Everything they say was not true. Am I dreaming or what? No, you don't understand. A season has come and brother Brandham say why is a Pharaoh rising up and just don't know Joseph. Brother Brandham say why? Why the season was there? Thank you Lord. Amen. So when the season come, God make different maneuvers because the Bible say he make everything according to his own purpose. That's right. You wonder why this is going this way. Don't worry. He's in control. The season has come. Amen. Are we together? He says the season was what? They respected Israel until that time. You a Jew. Now you a Jew. What happened? What happened? What happened? Because the Exodus has come. Amen. Amen. They must begin to shake you so that you can get prepared and your mind begin to get prepared to leave the comfort zone. The job that you love so much suddenly problem [Music] problem because they want you to get out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He said they respected Israel until what? That time, but the season was there for no more respect. Jesus, we will touch purpose. Sister called this season. Are we together? He says, but the season was there for what? No more respect that God could shower down his judgment upon the people. The time had come. That is what the devil tries to do all the time. Burn you up on something. Make you what? Sicker when you prayed for. Sicker when you prayed for. Make you think you have what? Lost your experience with God. He's what? Lying to you. The times come when you got to stand on what? God's word. And stand how? Alone. But when that time come, do what? Stand there. There is got to be a time when you got to separate yourself between your feelings and your faith. [Applause] The time has come that you must separate what? Your feelings. From what? Your faith. Forget about your feelings. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? We gave too much time to the feelings. Crying, crying, depressed, depressed. That time is over. The time has come. Lord, separate your feeling. It hurt me so bad. It hurt me so bad. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're going to have heart problem. [Applause] Can you imagine? Can you imagine? He hurt so bad. We were friend now he does away. The time has come. We must separate the feeling from a faith. Me I believe the message I stand for the faith. The time of feeling is over. Why should I be heartbroken all the time? And when you heartbroken, what does he do? Does that change anything? You the one going to sleep crying and and and that rascal is laughing. I'm not going to sleep crying when you laughing. You are anointed by the devil to torment me. I'm also anointed by God to live a peaceful life. Whether it rain or it doesn't rain, whether it's dark or it's not dark, the time has come to separate the feeling from your faith. That time is now. That time is when? That time is today. God bless you. Let's stop here. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? Save your health. Amen. Amen. Save your blood pressure. Save your heart. Save your mind. Before you go insane about people in this message trying to please everyone. Yes, brother. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Trying to be approved by everybody. Try to be included by everyone. No sir. No sir. If what separate me is faith, if it's because of this message, so be it. Amen. Are we together? Amen. The time has come, brother Zach. The time has come to separate your feelings from your favor. Feeling cause us trouble. Feeling cause us discouragement. Feeling cause us all kind of questioning. God, the time has come. The season has come. Make a difference. You say feeling. If you want to continue, that's your problem. But me, I'm looking at the promise. [Music] I'm not going to cry because of you. If you trying to be mean, that's your problem. Because you might be a scorpion. So your life is always biting, biting, biting. I won't change you. So my life is a dove. And let me also live the life of a dove. [Applause] In other words, grow up. Put your big pants on. Stop crying. Stop being a crybaby. [Applause] [Music] Tell that devil, I won't cry. It didn't happen. Yeah, it didn't happen because it's not my season. It doesn't mean God didn't hear me. God told me he hears my prayer. And God told me he take his time. And God told me he works everything and makes everything beautiful in his own time. My responsibility is to believe. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? The time has come. separate your feeling that little petty feeling and you offended and when you offended you punish the message when you offended you punish the church I won't go to church because so and so offend you so so and so has a power to dictate my life and my religion [Music] some people told me they said brother Steven you left leave I the whole church. Do you see what they post online? I say you wasting your time. When I left that church, I block them. I block them. I block them. I don't want to see what they doing because they have another agenda. I have my agenda. I'm walking in the different light. [Applause] Why should I watch what they doing and be trouble all the time? Hallelujah. I have too many fishes to fry. That's right. Too many message to listen, too many lessons, too many too many sermon to prepare for spoken word. Why should I waste my time on you? [Applause] Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this afternoon. Amen. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us, Lord. Father, this is as far as you wanted us to go. The remaining, you know, Father and usually every time you stop me somewhere, there is an element that we could miss that you will bring it again, Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, you spoke with your children about the season to strengthen their faith faith and to stabilize them to understand that everything Yes, sir. is under control. You have a season and you have a purpose for everything that concern our lives. Lord, may you bring peace to the heart of your children. Amen. May Lord Father this be the season that they will rise up and be delivered from whatever they have been going through. Amen. Lord, may this be the the season of their visitation. May this be the season where things will begin to move in a different direction. Lord, Father, whatever they going through, visible and visible audience, you know what they're going through. But I pray that you take over from here. Lord, I have done what I can do. But you know the remaining father, I bless them in the name of Jesus Christ. May Lord, father, you give them beyond what they expect. Amen. And protect us in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Brother Jeremiah, do you want to greet the church? Yes sir. Yes sir. Please before we give to brother. Hallelujah. Want to respect a pastor in the midst of us. Yes sir. And give honor where it's due. God bless you my brother. Thank you. Hallelujah. Then you can take over. Yes sir. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Yes, sir. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. I don't need much of an introduction. Amen. Because we are one. Amen. Amen. It's the word that connects us. We have the same blood. Amen. The same father, the same spirit. Amen. [Applause] I feel like the rapture could take place. Amen. I never heard brother Steve speak. Amen. So, we were in the area. I mean, the wife on a little getaway. I said, I want to go by brother Steve this morning. But it wasn't brother Steve I came to see. I believe I'm heard from my theophony. I believe I heard from my theophony. And what is your theophist saying? Come up. Come on. Come on. Eagles don't feast down [Applause] here. I'm going to stop. I feel this. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. from the little church back home in Marian where we we was doing some work there in Marian. So y'all pray for us. But I thoroughly enjoy myself. I thoroughly enjoy the spirit of the worship and amen just the spirit I feel in this building. But most of all, I thank God for this word God gave us. Yes. You know sometime I realize we have so much that we can feast on and we waste our time on foolishness. [Applause] This is what I tell the people back home in Mar. I don't have time for it. I don't have time for it. It's too much we got to give the people. Amen. The saddest part about this message is that people are sitting in me churches in bondage. [Applause] [Music] How can we be in the truth of the revelation of this word and be in spiritually bondage? Come on. I'm not going to let nobody bow me. No church, no pastor. Hello. [Applause] God bless you all. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's sing a little portion of this. I shall not be moved. Well, Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved in his love and favor. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the [Music] waters, I shall not be moved. Well, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like the tree that's planted by the water. Y'all are dismissed. Enjoy your afternoon and meditate on what we've heard. In my Christ abiding, I shall not be moved. In his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. Well, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. Well, if I trust him ever, I shall not be moved. He will fail me never. I shall not be moved. is like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not Let's sing the next verse. Amen. On his word now. On his word I'm feeding. I shall not be moved. He's the one that's leading. I shall not be moved. is like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved now. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved now. Glory hallelujah. I shall not be moved. Anchored in Jehovah. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not. Next verse, [Music] please. In his love abiding, I shall not be moved. [Music] I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved now. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be just like a tree that's planted by the waterers. I shall not be moved. Though all hell are sail me, I shall not be moved. Jesus will not fail me. I shall not favor. Just like a tree by the waters I shall not be. Let's sing that last verse now. Hallelujah. Though the tempest rages, I shall not be moved. On the rock of aes, I shall not move. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waterers, I shall not be [Music] moved. Amen. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
