################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - The Chosen Ones  The Revelation of Identity & The Voice of God Part 2 - Bro Tony Allen - Tony Allen.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-23
Title:    "The Chosen Ones" : The Revelation of Identity & The Voice of God Part 2 - Bro Tony Allen
Speaker:  Tony Allen
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NE9d6xCLJnU
========================================

Description:
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] You were [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we be upstanding tonight? Amen. Even as we commit the service into the hands of the Lord. Amen. Can we all bow our heads and pray together? Father, in the name of Jesus, we are grateful Lord to be in your presence tonight. Lord, we are grateful Lord Jesus to be counted amongst the living, oh God, this day. Lord, we are grateful God for your protection Lord. We are grateful for your love, oh God, your compassion, your mercies, Lord, upon our lives, Lord. We just want to thank you tonight, Lord. We just want to thank you, God, for how far you've been with us, Lord Jesus. Oh God, how far you've brought us out of every trials, out of every challenge, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and we just want to give you all the glory tonight, Lord Jesus. We just want to bless your name, Lord. Father we commit oh God the service into your hands Lord first asking for your forgiveness Lord. Father if there be anything in our lives Lord Jesus oh God we come humbling tonight Lord and asking father for your mercy Lord. We asking Lord may you forgive us oh God father of every unrighteousness Lord every ungodly act to God father in our lives Lord we ask father God for your forgiveness tonight Lord and Lord we ask Lord may you take preeminence of the service tonight Lord we ask Lord may you come down oh God mightily Lord even as we sing oh God and praise you tonight Lord and worship you tonight Lord we ask your presence oh God fill this place Lord and father may you set the atmosphere you Lord, Father, for your your servant tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and ask him, Father, may you take him aside, Lord, and preach your word, oh God. Speak, oh God, through him, oh God, take absolute control, God, those on their way coming in your hands, Lord. Those who couldn't make it tonight, Lord, are in your hands, Lord. Father God, if there is any sick, oh God, amongst us tonight, Lord, we asking for your healing power, Lord Jesus. Tonight, Lord, we asking for a breakthrough tonight, Lord Jesus. God, may you take absolute control, God. We thank you, Lord, and we bless you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. We just want to worship the Lord tonight. Amen. With your grace and mercy. Amen. Your grace and mercy brought me through. I'm living in this world because of you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and [Music] mercy brok your grace and mercy won't be true. I believe this moment because of you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and [Music] mercy broke me through. Let's sing one more time. Your grace and mercy brought me through. I'm living this moment because of you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and mercy broke me through. One more time. Your gracious [Applause] mercy broke me through. I'm living this moment because for you. [Music] I want to thank you and praise you. [Music] your grace and mercy hold me. I want to thank you. I want to thank you and praise you too. Your grace and [Applause] mercy will [Music] be Lord. I come to you. Let my heart be changed renewed. Flowing from your grace that I found in you. Oh Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I receive in me will be stripped away. Oh, by the power of your [Music] love. Holy Glory. Oh, let your love surround me. Oh, bring me near. Oh, draw me to your side. [Music] our way our way. I'll rise up like and I will you spit with me Lord by the power of your love. [Music] Lord unveill my eyes. Oh Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you face to face the knowledge of your love. You live [Music] in me. [Music] Oh Lord, renew my mind. as your will unfold in my life in every [Music] day. Oh, by the power of your love. Oh, be close. [Music] be close. Let your love sur [Music] Draw me to your [Music] side. My way. I'll rise up like the and I will sto with you. Your spirit filled by the power of your love. Hold me close one more time. Hold me [Music] close. Hold me close and let your love surround me. Hold me near and draw me to your [Music] side away. I rise up like [Music] a and I will sow in you. Your spirit lives me by the power of your love. And I'll show you. Oh, and I'll show you. Your spirit lifts me up. by the power of your love. One more time. And I'm so with you. And I so you spirit beyond the power of your [Music] love. Amen. And amen. Amen. We're going to s with the Lord tonight. Amen. Are we expectant tonight? Amen. We want to worship the Lord. Amen. There's not a friend like the Lord Jesus. I believe remember the song. Amen. There's not a friend like the ly Jesus. No, not one. No, not one. Not a good no not one, no not Jesus our struggles. He will guide like the lonely Jesus. No, not one. No one like me is so hard. No, not one. No, not [Music] one. No one. No one Jesus. Jesus. know about our trles. He will guide till the days come. Oh, there like a holy Jesus. No one [Applause] [Music] knows. No, not one. All I want is Jesus. I want Jesus. Jesus out our trus. There's not a [Music] friend. No, not one. No [Music] one by the words. things that are higher, things that [Music] are my [Music] peace and free. Oh Jesus [Music] Christ. I am to the Savior. believe in my sin and try the [Music] [Applause] [Music] true Jesus. [Applause] I am I [Music] will strong to follow you each day. Do what you say and do what you will. way and I will make this to him and free Jesus will come to them to Is [Music] this Jesus Christ? [Music] Yes. I spend vanity for me and [Music] see you to me. my burden over. Oh, by God's word I bless my sele. [Music] [Music] to the wonderful. Oh my God. I'll give it to Jesus. Oh, now I give to Jesus everything. Now [Applause] I rape There was [Music] great life to be [Music] my mercy. There was great [Music] to be from your burden of sin the sping the Power in the blood victory in the wonderful power in power is power ground in the preious blood of the lamb from your shorth. [Music] They sing with wonderful power in the world. Power [Music] power working power can be white Fire in the power in the she still lost in the life he wonderful [Applause] Power is power. [Applause] [Music] Power working power of the lamb. There is power. Power working power of the lamb. There is power power working power. There is power. There is power. Power. Wonder working power. [Music] is power. Wonder working power in the presious. There is power. There is power. Wonder working [Music] power. There is power. worthy in the preious blood. Amen. And amen. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. There is power in that blood. Amen. Amen. We just want to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. Tonight. Amen. I don't have any written prayer request or praise report. Amen. But we just want to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. Um Amen. So um we're going to call brother John tonight. Amen. We want to thank the Lord for our lives. We want to thank the Lord for unspoken requests tonight. Amen. We want to bring before the Lord those who couldn't make it tonight. Some might not been feeling well tonight, but we ask that the Lord will touch their bodies. Amen. Remember my wife and remember sister Yok bed in prayer tonight. Amen. Amen. Let's stand this evening. Amen. Sound like we have a few that uh may need a touch in their bodies this evening. So, let's keep them on our part as we go to the Lord this morning. Lord, what a wonderful, wonderful thing it is to be here in your presence this evening, Lord God, in the middle of the week, Lord. Give us a refill, Lord God. We just want to lay ourselves before you, Lord, humbly, and just ask that you come and give each one of us a touch, Lord God. Not just in our bodies, Lord, but in our spirit, in our soul this evening, Lord, we've come to hear your word once again, Lord God. And that's just the most precious thing in our lives, Lord Jesus, is to hear from the throne, Lord God. So Lord, we just want to cast away any thoughts that we have that may interfere, Lord, with our worship tonight, Lord God, and our attention to your word, Lord God. Let it just leave the building, Lord. And let us just concentrate on you, Lord God. May your spirit just come, Lord, and just fill this place, Lord God, where the maybe even the preacher just can't even preach, Lord, because it's just so strong, Lord God. Have your will, Lord God. Lord, we could use some miracles here, too, in this little building, Lord. So, we want to call on you for that as well, Lord God. We can we count it, Lord, that each one that's sitting here is already evidence of a miracle, Lord God. So we know that you're that you're able. You're still alive. You still do it, Lord. So we're just asking, Lord, have your will this evening, Lord God, in each life in the place, Lord, touch those streaming as well, Lord Jesus. I do have something I would like to bring before you this evening, Lord, in the form of a prayer request. It's a friend of mine, Lord, that I've been trying to get him here uh to come visit, Lord, and his wife just had evidence of some little mini strokes, Lord. They found an aneurysm. She's only 58. Lord, her name is Lisa. His name is David. Lord, you know who's on my heart. So, we just want to place them before you, Lord God. Touch the tithing, Lord, the offering. Lord, touch the building fund as well. Whatever you place on our hearts, Lord, we just ask, Lord God, that you use these things, Lord, for the furtherance of your kingdom and for the gospel sake. Lord, we love you, Lord, with all our heart, Lord God. We don't want to just come and ask for things, Lord. We want to thank you for what you do already, Lord. What you're doing right now tonight, Lord. We could see a miracle with this atmosphere tonight, Lord God. And we just want to yield ourselves to you. Bless the man that's coming behind the desk, Lord God. We thank you, Father. Bless our deacons, Lord. Bless our trustees, Lord. our pastor. Above all, take preeminence, Lord, and bless this word tonight in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We got one more song to sing tonight. Amen. But we've got a special that comes before the minister preaches. Amen. And it's the minister that is going to give us u the special tonight. Amen. So, um, we want to be upstanding and take this song, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Amen. I want to praise him tonight. Amen. Amen. We want to shake the devil tonight. Amen. I remember I believe we remember this song. Amen. Amen. So, we all start with a clapping. [Applause] Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. Holy is the Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy to receive glory. Worthy to receive honor. Worthy to receive all our praise. Let's sing it one more time. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, hol is the Lord God Almighty. Worthy to receive glory. Worthy to receive honor. ready to receive all our praise today. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him and lift him up. Oh, praise him. He saw his name forever. Praise him. Praise him and lift him up. Praise him. Praise him as long as you sing forever. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. He's all his name forever. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Worthy to receive glory. Worthy to receive honor. worthy to receive all our praise. Thank you, one more time. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy to receive glory. Worthy to receive honor. [Music] worthy to receive all our praise. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. He saw his name forever. Praise him. Praise him and lift him up. Praise him. His song is forever. [Music] Praise him. Oh, praise him and lift him up. Praise praise him. Oh, his name forever. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in a dream. Praise him. Praise him. As long as you stay forever. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him and lift him up. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Oh, exalt. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the praise him. Praise him. Exalt his name forever. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him in the temple. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, exalt his name forever. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him and praise him. Praise him. on his name forever. [Music] Praise him. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] decl. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We're going to take praise him again and ask brother Steven to come. Amen. Let's go. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Oh, his name. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Rejoice his name forever. Praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him and lift him up. Praise him. Praise him. He sought his name forever. Let's give him a praise offering tonight. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are you happy tonight? Ready for the word? We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here? God richly bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle to our convention on Wednesday in the middle of the week. Good to see you, Sister Mill Miriam. God richly bless you. Praise God. The Lord have touched you. Good to see you. Amen. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Everybody clear with the purpose of God? Because I'm looking at the purposes of God. You are the purpose of God. Amen. It releases tension. It releases pressure from our life. Your prayer is answered. God will say yes. But if he says no, maybe it's not the time yet. Maybe your per his purpose is a little bit different than your purpose. That's the reason why he's saying no. But he has something better in the plan. And he's taking his time. He will make everything right in the right time. Amen. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. His BFF, his friend Lazarus got sick. How can you be a BFF to Jesus Christ and get sick? Amen. You should be immune. Amen. But brother Brandham say when I read in other quotes, brother Brandham say Jesus knew that Lazarus will get sick and he left. If you want me to, I can search the court and pull it up. So Jesus knew that brother that Lazarus will get sick. But instead of blocking that, Jesus left purposely and he let sickness strike for a purpose. How can you put that up together? You need to be in a certain level with God. Not a crybaby level now. A certain level because every everything is working together for good. You know that song. Praise him. You know you should do everything is working together for good. And it was for the disciple. So to strengthen the disciples, somebody must get sick. And without the sickness of Lazarus, you would not know that he is the resurrection. Because in Easter he just prove what he says that I am the resurrection. But we but before you even reach Easter first he must prove that he is the resurrection. Amen. Amen. Oh God God help me. I I I try to stay away from Martha because Martha is the one that has been brought up in John 11. So I try to stay away completely from Martha because if you try to open Martha, it's a whole different theme of what who is Martha. Usually we look at Mary. Mary, Mary was sitting at the feet of Jesus Christ. There is a whole mystery lock in with Martyr. Amen. Showing that you Let me leave it alone. Okay. So my wife is looking at me like please don't ask me that the Martyr home just leave Marta alone. It's a it's it's a deep revelation. You got to go through court court again. I was searching for something else and then I begin to see Martha. Martha Martha say my God. So there is something about Martha and he will strengthen you differently than you think because sometime we think serving the Lord is only being behind the pulpit. You see but it's it's all different thing all together. This message is so deep and powerful. Amen. Amen. Remember we have our question and answer this uh Saturday. Brother Robert, if you would please remember to send the the the reminder. I believe it's going to be at the same place that we usually do. It's a quarterly, so get there on time. The last question is tonight. I already pick up the question that was there. Basically, we still have old question. That one is for the couple meeting. So, you don't have to deal with it till May the the 10th. And remember with the couple meeting, we will do the uh Mother's Day in that day. So you free Sister Joanne on Sunday to organize everything. So sister Joanne will take care of you in May 10th and we couple everything together. And something else that you will only know when you get there. I won't say that you will only know only when you get there. If you get there then you will know something else that will take place there. I won't say it from the pulpit because we will announce it on Sunday but we will start it on Saturday. So I just leave it alone. So don't come and ask me or poke or play with my heer. You don't know the scripture. Go search the scripture. Play with the heer. What does it mean? So I it will explain you what your pastor is trying to say. Amen. So remember question and answer. You pray about it. So we get there. It's once every quarter and then we move on. So tonight I'm not the one preaching. Praise God. It's my night. I'm trying to catch up and relax and enjoy the service, too. So, we got brother Tony Allen preaching tonight. A singer, a deacon, a preacher. Amen. That's why one of the song uh request is for him. So, he's going to sing and then preach the gospel. He can do both of them. So, we go with forever. Good to see you. Only believe. Oh, believe. Oh, we believe. All things are possible. [Music] All believe, all believe. [Music] All believe, all things are possible. [Music] Only believe Lord I believe it. Lord I believe. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, I [Music] believe all things are possible. [Music] Oh, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Lord [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Oh faith possible Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. Come on, put your hands together for the Lord Jesus Christ. If you love him, put your hands together tonight. [Applause] [Music] You know, Brother Brenham talking about those old rugged soldiers on the cross that comes out on Wednesday nights. those rugged Christians. But I was thinking um to do a special and I and I was thinking today and I was like, you know, God do so much for us and and he he does things that he don't have to do. But but we are chosen tonight to be in the sheepfold to be amongst those people that he picked Yes, sir. to heal when they get sick. those people that he's picked to give direction to when they get lost. So, we a special group of people tonight and and and we we just don't thank him enough and and just just something as simple as the air that we breathe, you know, he he gives that to us and and and he don't have to do these things. So, we we just going to take a few minutes and just give him praise, the honor and glory that he deserves for ju just forget about everything that happened today. We're here for only one reason, that's just to lift up the name of Jesus. And and he he brought us this far. He he allowed us to come in this building tonight. So we going to forget about whatever took place before we got here. And we're not going to worry about what going to happen when we leave from here. Let's praise him right in here, right now while we got a chance. This is the air I'm breathing. This is the air I'm [Music] breathing. Your holy presence living in [Music] me. It's the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. Come on, lift your hands tonight. [Music] This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence. Your holy presence living in me. in me. This is my daily bread tonight. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. Come on, give it to him. He deserve it. He deserve it. This is my daily pray. It's because of your very word tonight. Your word spoken to me. Come on, lift your hands tonight and say. Come on, keep your hands up. I'm desperate for you, Jesus. Desperate for you. Hey Now I'm lost without you. I'm lost without you. Without you. Jesus. Oh, this is the air I'm breathing. This is the air I breathe. Come on. He's here. He's here. This is the air I breathe. Lord, it's because of your holy presence tonight. Your presence and it's living in me. is living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily [Music] bread. Oh, this is my daily pray. to your very word. Your very word spoken to me, but I'm desperate for you. [Music] I'm desperate for you, Jesus. I'm desperate for you, [Applause] Lord. Lord, I'm lost without you, Lord. [Music] Lord, I'm desperate for you, Jesus. [Music] I'm not I'm lost without you, Jesus. Without you. Come on, lift your hands. Tell them I'm lost without you tonight. I'm lost without you. Come on, tell them you lost without him. I'm lost without you. One more time, tell them I'm lost without you. [Music] This is the air I'm brea This is the air I breathe. Come on. Can we keep saying that right there? This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I'm brea This is the air I brea. One more time. This is the air I breathe. This is the air I'm brea Come on, put your hands together. Come on, give him praise [Music] tonight. Come on, give him praise tonight. I'm lost without him tonight. I'm like a ship without a sail. I'm lost without him tonight. Musicians and we're lost without him tonight. Amen. Amen. We're like a sheep without a shepherd without him. That's right. I just want to say it's just a pleasure to be back here on convention night. We're glad to be in the house of the Lord and and and and you know, we always study and we we come up with material, but we don't know how it's going to, you know, come out. But we trusting and believing that the Holy Ghost is going to reveal what it is he wants to reveal tonight. Amen. And I believe that he will If you get your Bibles, we'll go to the book of Matthew and we're going back to chapter 22, verse 14. Yes sir. Hold that and let us bow. Let us pray. Dear Lord Jesus, oh God, we come to you, oh God, once more, Father, we come before you, oh God, trusting and believing that you met us here, oh Father, and we come to pull on your word, oh God, and that you will speak whatever that you will have to be spoken tonight, oh Father. Oh God, whatever situation in the building tonight, oh God, I pray that you will minister to it, oh God. But reveal your word to us tonight, God. Unfold the words off the pages tonight. Oh father, speak to your bride tonight, oh father. Oh Lord God. And then when we leave in here, oh God, we can testify, oh God, that you had came down and spoken to us tonight. And we can leave different than we came in here. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. The book of Matthew, chapter 22, verse 14. For many are called. That's right. But few are chosen. Amen. And you can be seated. Praise God. My title for tonight will be the chosen ones part two. And we will try to deal with the revelation of identity. Amen. And the voice of God. Yes. For we go back to the book of Matthew and it says, "For many are called but few are chosen." And and and I I ask you a question tonight and and what what are you chosen for tonight? What did God choose you for? And we want to begin by going back to this quote question and answers in 1959. Yes, sir. Paragraph 123. Amen. It said, "Before there was a world, that's it. You were in God's thoughts." That's it. Amen. To give you the Holy Ghost. Because he knew Yes, sir. that you be wanting it. Amen. And he chose you himself. Yes, sir. Because you desire. So you had the desire. He chose you in Christ before you or Jesus, any of you was on the earth. And he sent Jesus to die. That's right. To prepare the way to send the Holy Ghost to bring you to himself. And brother Bren say, "hm, oh, that just I know I made this is the church. So I'm at home now." You see, you are. Oh, that is so rich to me to think it's not what I wanted. It wasn't my desires. It wasn't my will. It wasn't my choosing. I had not one thing to do with it. But before the war ever started, God saw us and put our name on the lamb's book of life. Before there even was a world, Yes, sir. talk about God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we want to revisit the message perfect faith. Yes sir. Which is in 1963 and it's paragraph 94. And brother Brenham says now watch now. And he said to us if ye abide in me Yes sir. In my word in you St. John here he says you can ask what you will it'll be done. Yes sir. Then recognize your position in the scripture as a believer. Yes, my brother. See, you got to recognize your position as he recognized his position. Exactly right. And we go on into the message, what was the Holy Ghost given for? And this was in 1959, paragraph 98. And he says, God was over us with Moses. That's it. in the burning bush, right? He fed us with mana on high, right? He walked with us for three years and six months here on earth, right? But now he's in me. That's it. It's not me that speaketh. Uhhuh. It's him. And he says, I know who he is. And he goes on to say, and I know who I am. He said, I ain't no more, but he is. All right. So, this is a two-fold revelation that God is dealing with right here. So, so God is saying it it's it's an imperative first that you must know who he is. You you you must have a revelation of who he is. That's right. And and outside of that, that that's not enough. You must have a revelation of who you are. Yes, sir. Amen. Now, last sermon we we we spoke about the sufferings and we dealt with sufferings and and and we went to first Peter chapter 2:e 19 and and and Peter says, "For this is thank worthy if a man for conscience toward God endure grief suffering wrongfully." Uhhuh. And then he goes on verse 20. He said, "For what glory is it when you be buffeted for your faults, you shall take it patiently?" That's right. He said, "But if when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently, this is acceptable with God." That's right. Then first Peter chapter 4 verse 12. Yes, sir. You got to say, "Amen." Amen. He says, "Beloved, yes, sir. Think it not strange concerning the fiery trial which is to try you." That's right. As though some strange thing happening to you. He said, "But rejoice in as much as you are partakers of Christ's sufferings." That's right. That when his glory shall be revealed, you may be glad also with exceeding joy. Yes, sir. So Peter saying, you got to find some happiness in this. And then he goes on and say, "If you be reproached for the name of Christ, happy are ye." For the spirit of for the spirit of glory and of God rested upon you. On their part, he is evil spoken of, but on your part, he is glorified. And if you don't mind, turn to First Peter chapter 5. Yes, sir. You going to need your Bibles tonight. Yes, my brother. First Peter chapter 5:10. Yes, sir. He says, "But the God of all grace, who have called us into his eternal glory by Christ Jesus," he said, "After you have suffered a while, after it's going to make you perfect." That's right. And it's going to establish you. That's right. It's going to strengthen you. That's right. And it's going to settle you. That's right. So Peter is saying these suffering is is is going to actually reveal to you who you are. [Applause] There's a purpose for this suffering. It's going to do two things. It's going to reveal Christ to you and it's going to reveal who you are. And this and this suffering comes to establish you and settle you. Cuz if not, you will you would believe in God one minute and then next minute you won't believe in it. He he will be God for for one situation and then the next situation he won't be God to you. So these sufferings come to settle you, to establish you, to strengthen you, so you can know exactly who he is so your faith won't waver. Chapter 11, verse 6. He says, "But without faith, it is impossible to please him." That's right. For he that cometh to God, Yes, sir. must believe that he is. I'm going stop right there. The first thing you got to have a revelation of who he is. That's right. and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. Now he's saying you got to have a revelation of who you are. So if you can catch a revelation of who Christ is and if you can catch a revelation of who you are, there's nothing can stand in the way of faith. There's no doubt can stand in between you and faith when you know who he is and you know who you are. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Let's turn to the book of Acts. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Chapter nine. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. You got to say amen. Amen. And we know this story, but let's let's let's see what the Holy Ghost has to say tonight. That's right. Amen. And Saul yet breathing out threatenings and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord went unto the high priest and desired of him letters to Damascus. So so so Saul had a desire to do these things to to do what he was getting ready to do. He had a a desire. I'm talking about a passion. A passion. Come on now. He He was confident that this is what I want to do. He You couldn't talk him out of it right there. He He was real confident. He desired of him letters to Damascus to the synagogues that if he found any of this way, whether they were men or women, men or women, he might bring them bound into Jerusalem. And as he journeyed, he came near Damascus, and suddenly there shine round about him a light from heaven. So Saul didn't see nobody. It was a light. And he fell to the earth and heard a voice saying unto him, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? And he said, "Who art thou, Lord?" Now, we talking about the same man. Yes, sir. That had a desire that had a passion to persecute the Christians and all of a sudden he calling out, "Lord, and and and the the only revelation he got to go off of, he only heard a voice." So So you mean to tell me this voice that came to him automatically gave him a revelation that that was Lord? [Applause] And he said he said, "I am Jesus whom thou persecuted." It is hard for thee to kick against the pricks. And he trembling and astonished said, his whole condition changed. I I want you to see this. He he went from being bold to persecuting the Christians. Now he in the presence of the Lord. And and when you get in the presence of God, it does that to you. He began to tremble. And he was amazed and said, "Lord, what would thou have me to do?" Now he you already know that he wanted to persecute the Christians. That's right. So the whole will Uhhuh. change. The whole will of Saul changed. Now Saul don't want to do his will. Now he asking Christ, Lord, what can I do for you? Did you notice a change? Now he wants to do the will of God. He said, what would you have me to do? And the Lord said to him, Arise and go into the city, and it shall be told thee what thou must do. Amen. Amen. And the men which journey with him stood speechless, hearing a voice, but seeing no man. That's right. So, so if these men was with were with Saul, that mean they had the same desire that he had. That's right. That they they they was with him. They had the same desire that Saul had. So why they didn't call him Lord? Glory to God. Why they didn't call him Lord? Many are called but few are chosen. He only chose Saul. They heard a voice, but Saul heard D voice and it came with revelation of who Christ was. And and and when God and see this what you got to understand, when God reveals himself, he automatically reveals you to you. He don't just reveal himself to you and stop. In the midst of him revealing itself, it also reveals to you who you are. [Music] It says Saul arose from the earth and when his eyes were open, he saw no man, but they led him by the hand and brought him into Damascus. And I want to skip over to verse um see go to verse 17. And Ananas went his way and entering into the house and putting his hands on him said, "Brother Saul, brother Saul, the Lord even Jesus that appeared into thee in the way as thou camest have sent me that thou mightest receive thy sight." Yes, sir. and and see and God was working on both ends. He he gave he gave Saul the vision of the land on the hands of Ananas and then he gave he tells him to go fulfill the vision. So God always works on both ends. Amen. And fulfill be filled with the Holy Ghost and immediately there fell from his eyes as it had been scales and he received sight for with and arose and were baptized. Yes sir. And when he had received meat he was strengthened. Then was Saul certain days with the disciples which were at Damascus. And straight away he preached Christ in the synagogues that he is the son of God. And so Saul lost his vision. It seemed like a bad thing, but it actually was a good thing. That's it. So in in losing his vision, he he found out who Christ was. And and then he also found out who he was. He found out through blindness that he was going to preach the gospel. He found out that he was the chosen one. So, so that's why these things come. It's a purpose for it. If you don't mind, turn to the book of Mark, chapter 5. Mark chapter 5 verse 25 this is the woman with the issue of blood. Yes sir. Amen. And the verse 25 say and a certain woman which had an issue of blood 12 years long time of suffering. This is this is this is 12 years of suffering and has suffered many things of many physicians and has spent all that she had and was nothing better but rather grew worse right and she had heard of Jesus came in to press behind and touch his garment. Now, she gathered up enough faith that if she could touch his garment that she would be made whole. But but it but it it didn't start at that garment. She had she had to believe that the man that had the garment on had so much power that that all she had to do was just touch the hem of his garment. So, so she she put faith in the garment because of the man that had the garment on. So, so she did she didn't waver with who Christ was. She she believed that he was who who she heard about. She heard about him and she believed that he was that man. But but remember what I told you that ain't enough just to know who he is. But but now she need to know who she is. [Applause] For she said if I may touch but his clothes I shall be made whole. And the Bible said in straight way, yes sir, the fountain of her blood was dried up and she felt in her body that she was healed of that plague. So that mean right then she had a revelation that she was already healed. And and we talked about this. She had no desire to have a conversation with Jesus. She had faith in the garment. She touched it and she felt the healing and she know she was healed. But that that's not all what Christ wanted to do for her. She believed in him but but Christ said that's not all I want you to do. I want you to know who you are. And verse 30 saying Jesus verse 30 saying Jesus immediately knowing in himself that virtue had gone out for him turned him about in the press and said who touched my clothes? And his disciples said unto him thou sith the multitude thronging thee and says thou who touch me? And he looked around about to see her that had done this thing. But the woman fearing and trembling, see that's that presence of God again. The woman fearing and trembling knowing what was done in her came and fell down before him and told him all the truth. And and remember this woman was an outcast. She was an outcast. But she believed in Christ so much she pressed her way to him. She believed in him. So verse 34, and he said unto her, daughter, [Applause] say, daughter, thy faith have made thee whole. Go in peace and behold of thy plague. Christ could have let her walk away. She had already got her healing. He could have let her walk away, but he wanted to reveal to her who she was. See, she already know who he was. So Christ say, "I'm not going to let you walk away without revealing to you who you are." [Music] [Applause] And the message be searching God. Sir, you know it's a sc it's 1959 paragraph 38. I'm sorry. Be certain of God. 1959 paragraph 38. Yes, sir. He said, you know, it's a strange thing. May God let this soak into every one of you. If you never hear me preach again, let this be a message. It's strange, most strange that sometimes that God does things that way. You know, when we have confessed our sins and met every requirement that God requires, we believe on God, there's a circumstances has to be met and it's according to his will. Uhhuh. And we've confessed our sins and we made all the wrongs that we have did right doing everything that we know how to do. Every requirement that God has made or asked, we have met that requirement. And yet, he lays silent and just won't answer us. Uh-huh. I'm sure that I'm speaking to people this morning. He said, "Who has come to that place?" He said, "I've been the prophecy. I've been there many times myself. When I went back and trace my life and turn over every stone and I find that I've did something wrong, I go confess it and say, "Lord God, I'll make it right and go do so." Then come back again and say, "Now Lord, thou are God. You will answer me. Surely I met every request that you required me to do and every requirement I have met it and still have still he won't move seems to set silent that's when you got to be sure that he is God don't be discouraged the only thing is that in your heart to be certain of God he said my text be certain first before you do anything be certain in your heart that is God. And when you met everything he said, then you are sure that he's God. That's when faith goes to work. Right there, faith stands steady for it knows that he is and you met every requirement you believe that he is. And faith holds steady. Oh, blessed be his name. Faith won't move, for it's sure that God is and it rewarders of those that diligently seek him. He said, "May this go way down deep and never move from you." Brandham tabernacle. He said if you met God's requirement and your heart you believe that he is God is only testing your faith for he loves to do that. He say you confess your sin and you met every requirement that God requires and still he lay silent. Remember faith says that he is. Then faith holds on to it. Not knowing what it's all about, but it knows that he is and it's certain that he is s in the message the Pat's vision 1960 paragraph 135. Yes, sir. Brother Brown say all right the first of all revelations is the supreme deity of Jesus Christ. He said, "You must know who he is." And when you hear the voice, he said, "All right." The same voice that sounded on Mount Si, the same voice that sounded on Mount Transfiguration, the same one, one like the son of man, it was Christ in the pillar of fire. It was Christ in the cloud. It was Christ in Moses. And and and they tell him to say, "Don't let Lord, don't you speak. Let Moses speak." But if they would have caught the revelation, it was still God and Moses. They should have they should have feared Moses just as much as they fear his voice because it because his voice was God [Music] and the mighty God unveiled before us. 1964, paragraph 25. Yes, sir. Brother Brown says back in the Old Testament said we found that that found out that God availed himself from unbelievers. God has a very odd way of dealing with people. He hides himself from the unbeliever and he reveals himself to the believer. He say God does that. Jesus Jesus thanked the father that he had hid these things from the wise and the prudent and will reveal it to the babes such as we learn. So we find that God never changes in his nature. He always doing his work the same. Yes sir. We found out in Malachi 3 that he said I am God and I change not. So he works in the same principle all the time. Amen. Yes sir. Amen. And brother Brenham says in the in in the message the great shining light. He said oh in 1957 paragraph 37 he said oh Christian will only do that. Now watch the stars, but watch God's word as it unfolded. And we will only notice it today and see that how God has promised in this day the things that we so gallantly stand for. God has promised these things such as healing the sick and doing the great miracles, right? And and and he like I said, when God reveals himself, he also reveals to you who you are. Yes, sir. It It's like It's like God moving on a man and and and and he say, "God has revealed to me who my wife is. God has showed me who my wife is." So if God revealed to you who your wife is, stay right there. In the midst of him revealing that to you, he must also reveal to that wife who her husband is. So he just don't re he just don't reveal to you who your wife is. When he does that, he already revealed who that wife is. He already revealed to her who that husband is for her. [Applause] [Music] And we as Christians, we we we got to change, you know, the way we talk. You know, God God has chosen us for these things. He chosen me for healing. I I know the scripture say ask for what you will. But some things the bride don't have to ask for it. You got to get to a point where you don't ask. I don't have to ask for healing. He already gave it to me. I just thank him for it. Brother B say if God come down right now, he can't heal you no more than he already did. So So why you asking for something that already belong to you? My job is to thank him for it and keep on walking. Just thank him for it. I don't have to ask for healing. He already gave it to me. All I got to do is say, "Lord, I thank you for the healing." And brother B say, "Take him at his word. Take him at his word. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Brother Butter Bon say what think he of Christ? Who who do you say that this man is? I ask you tonight, who do you say this man is? Is this man able to supply your needs? Is this man able to heal you when you need healing? Is he able to give you direction when you're lost? Do you know this man? I'm asking you now. Do you know this man? [Music] Brother Bham say what? Think he Christ. 1957 paragraph 26. He said we could go on and on and on. He said but let's just ask and get some scriptural authority for who Jesus Christ was. He said what think ye of him? He said of course his friends you say brother Brenham would testify him. He said, "Let's ask his enemies about him then. Let's see what the enemy says." He said, "The devil himself know that was the son of God." See, just confessing that he's the son of God is not enough. The devil confessed that he was the son of God. The devil knew he was the son of God. Just knowing that won't cut it. But what set us different between them is that we got a revelation of who he is and that we can take him at every word. And that's the part that the enemy can't do. He don't want to take him at every word because if he take him at every word, he got to be converted. And that's what he don't want. [Applause] Glory to God. Yes, my in the book of Acts chapter 19 verse 15 it said and the evil spirit answer and says Jesus I know and Paul I know he said but who are ye so he this spirit confessed that he know who Jesus is he confessed that and he also if you a believer he know who you are so how can the enemy know who you are and you don't know who you [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] in the book of Romans chapter 10 verse 9. It it says that if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus which is what the enemy did and shall believe in thy heart that God have raised him from the dead thou shalt be saved and shall believe in thy heart that's the part the enemy can confess who he is hallelujah turn to the book of St. John chapter 9. Thank you, Lord. The book of St. John, chapter nine. Yes, sir. You got it. Say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Chapter nine. It says, "And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. And his disciples asked him, saying, Master who did sin, this man or his parents that he was born blind?" And Jesus answered, "Neither has this man sinned, nor his parents, but that the works of God should be made manifest in him." He said, "I must work the works of him that sent me while it is day that night cometh when no man can work." Right? He said, "As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world." He said, "When he had just spoken," right? So Jes Jesus just he he basically just having a conversation, but he's not talking to the blind man. He's talking to the disciples. So he he spat on the ground. Yes, sir. And made clay of the spittle and he anointed his eyes of the blind man with the clay. And he said unto him, "Go wash in the pool of salom." Now I want you to notice at this point right here, this blind man never laid eyes on Jesus. That's exactly right at this point. That's exactly right. He never laid eyes on it. That's exactly right. And and he he he said unto him, "Go wash in the pool of salom, which which is by interpretation sent." Right. He went his way therefore and washed and came seeing. That's right. Now, when he came back, Jesus was gone. [Applause] He he he could he could see now, but Jesus wasn't there. So, so evidently he didn't see the man. He he never laid eyes on the man that anointed his eyes for his sight. Yes, my brother. And it says, "And the neighbors therefore and they which before has seen him that he was blind said, is not this he that sat and beg?" Some said, "This is he?" Others said, "He is like him." It looked like him. He say he say but but he said he said I am he yeah I'm the one. Yeah. Yeah it was me. You talking about a man happy that he can see. He said yeah that was me. He said therefore said they unto him how were thy eyes open? Who open? Who open your eyes? He answered and said, "A man that is called Jesus made clay and anointed my eyes and said unto me, go to the pool of Saleom and wash." And I went and washed and I received sight. They said unto him, "Where is he?" They want to know where he at. Uhhuh. He said, "I know not." See, Christ was gone. He didn't even know where he went. That's right. So they brought to the they verse 13 say they brought to the Pharisees him that a foreign was blind. So they took him to the Pharisees. Yeah. And it was the Sabbath day when Jesus made the clay and opened his eyes. Oh yeah. On the Sabbath. Then again the Pharisees also asked him how he had received his sight and said unto him, he put clay upon my eyes and I wash and I do see. Amen. Therefore it says some of the Pharisees, this man is not of God because he keepeth not the Sabbath day or said he can how can a man that is a sinner do such miracles and there was a division among them. Now what what part of them that didn't tell them that that nobody can do these type of miracles without God? They missed that part. And and Jesus told him, he he said, "If you don't believe that I'm he," he said, "At least testify that what I'm doing, I'm doing what they say I will be doing when I come." He said, "At least testify the works." And they and they said unto the blind man again, "What sayest thou of him? What what do you think of him?" And he had opened down eyes. He said, "He is a prophet." and and and and this was the pro uh the prophecy of Moses. I think I think it was in Deuteronomy. Moses prophesies with this prophet. That's right. But we're going to find out later on. And they say it was Moses disciples. But the Jews did not believe concerning him that he had been blind and received his sight until they called his parents to him that had received his sight. And they asked them, saying, "Is is this your son? He said, "Yet he um who you say was born blind, and how then do he now see?" His parents answered them and said, "We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind. But by by what means he know now seeth, he know not. Or who have opened his eyes, we know not. He is of age. Ask him, he shall speak for himself." Now see, his parents was being real smart about the answer. They they they answer, but they went, you know, they went around. They was real careful with their words. He say say these words spake his parents because they feared the Jews. That's right. For the Jews had agreed already that if any man did confess that he was Christ, he should be put out of the synagogue. So they were going to place you as an outcast. Therefore said his parents, he is of age. Ask him. And then they called again called they the man that was blind and said unto him, give God the praise. We know that this man is a sinner. Th this is the very Christ that walked before them and they didn't even recognize who he was. And and the blind man said he answered and said whether he be a sinner or no I know not. One thing I know that where is I was blind now I see. Then then they say to him again what did he do? What what did he do? How did he open your eyes? Come on man quit playing. Tell him tell us what he did to you. And he answered to him, "I have told you already and you did not hear. Wherefore would you hear it again? And will you also be his disciples?" [Applause] [Music] And they reviled him and said, "Thou are his disciples, but we are Moses' disciples." So if you was Moses disciples, Moses, Moses prophesied of this prophet coming. So you you mean you telling me you was disciple of Moses? So that mean you ain't following the full message. You're not following the full message of Moses cuz Moses prophesied of this. If you didn't know who he was, you should at least say what he prophesied that somebody was coming that was going to do these things. So So that's how people do. They follow the prophet, but they don't want to do everything that the message says do. [Applause] and and and the blind man verse 30 he said the man answered and said unto them why hearing is a marvelous thing he he said he said he said this is this is very marvelous this that you don't know hence he is and yet he has opened my eyes he say now we know that god heareth no sinners but if any man be worshiper of god and doeth his will him He hearing. Yes, sir. He say since the world began, was it not heard that any man open the eyes of one that was born blind? He said, if this man were not of God, he could do nothing. He said, they answer and say to him, thou was allto together born in sins, and do what thou teach us? So, so they tell him that, "Oh, you Oh, you a preacher now [Music] and and they cast him out." And and and Jesus and and and Jesus heard that they had cast him out. So now he's an outcast like the woman with the issue of blood. And Jesus when he had found him. So that mean Jesus went looking for him. [Applause] [Music] He went looking for him. And Jesus said unto him, "Thou has been, thou has both seen." No. Verse 36. No, verse 35. I'm sorry. Jesus heard that they had cast him out. And when he had found him, he said unto him, "Do thou believe on the son of God?" Now remind you that I said this blind man never laid eyes on Jesus. This is this is the first time he laid eyes on him. But that's right. It ain't like he knew who he was. If if he would have known we who he was, he could have said, "Hey, there's there's the Christ." But he couldn't do that because he didn't even know what he looked like. He didn't even know what he looked like. Take your time. And he said, "Do thou believe on the Son of God?" Yes, sir. And he answered and said, "Who is he, Lord? Yes, sir. He didn't know. He didn't know who he was at first. I know not who the man is, but all of a sudden, he have a revelation that he's Lord. And all he had to go off of was a voice. [Applause] He had no visual evidence that he was the Christ. It was the voice. God say, "My sheep knows my voice. [Music] Who is he? And it it's strange. It's strange that these these these men in the in the synagogue. Yes, sir. They were they Let's see what Brother Brenham said. Let's let's go to the message. Influence influence 1963, paragraph 205. Brother Bren, Brother Brenham says the blind man when he was healed. Yes, sir. He couldn't hold his peace. He said, "Why?" He was in action. He said, "Peter went in action. The woman went in action. The blind man, he couldn't hold his peace." He said, "Is this man a" and he repeating what they said? He said, "Give glory to God." That's what they told him. Who know this man is a sinner? in in paragraph 2 06 he said this is a strange thing that you all don't know who he is and being leaders so these men that Christ walked before that didn't catch a revelation of who he was these was actually spiritual leaders in the synagogue these were preachers preaching the word and didn't have a revelation of who he was many are called but few are chosen [Applause] [Music] In the book of Romans, my brother chapter 10 verse 13, it says, for whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. And it says, how then shall they call on him and whom they have not believed? That's right. And how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? Right. And how shall they hear without a preacher? And how shall they preach except they be sent? That's right. As it is written, how beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace and bring glad tidings of good things. Yes, sir. So now I'm I'm I'm beginning to wonder what what were they teaching? What what are they teaching in the synagogue? You don't even have a revelation. What what are you preaching? In in the book of Matthew chapter 7 verse 22 verse says many will say to me in that day Lord Lord have we not prophesied in thy name. That's right. And I and in thy name have cast out devils and in thy name done many wonderful works. And then will I profess unto them, I never knew you. depart from me, you that work iniquity. So So that mean they they they knew, right, but they chose not to do it. And and and verse 24 goes on to say, "Therefore, whosoever heareth these sayings of mine end doeth them, I will liken him into a wise man which built his house upon a rock." Amen. In the book of St. Luke 6 verse 46 and it says, "And why call ye me Lord, Lord, and do not the things which I say?" That's right. He he he marked a believer, this blind man. So we going we going to go on to chapter 10 and and and and Jesus going he going to change the script. He going to he going to go into the parables now. Now he dealing with with another set of people, the unbeliever. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you," St. John chapter 10, sir, "He that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbth up some other way, the same as a thief and a robber." He said, "But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep." Amen. To him the portal openth, and the sheep hear his voice, and he calleth his own sheep by name, and he leadth them out. And when he puteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them, and the sheep follow him, and for they know his voice, and and a stranger will they not follow, but will flee from him, for they know not the voice of strangers. He talking about a believer. He said, "This parable spake Jesus unto them, but they understood not what things they were which he spake unto them." So Jesus is going to repeat it again, but he he's just going to say it a little different. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep." And all that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. He said, "I am the door. By me. If any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture. The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy. I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly. He says, I am the good shepherd. He said the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep. He said, but he that is a hireland and not the shepherd who's on the sheep or not, seeing the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep. You know what a hireland is? I'm just paraphrasing. It's just it's some it's someone who takes a position but don't be dedicated to the position and and and he takes the position for for all the wrong reason but for the concern of the sheep. I how take a position for material wages and gain have no concern for the sheep. And and what Jesus was saying, I am the good shepherd. I put I lay down my life for the sheep. I go before the sheep. He said, "But don't be like the hireling. Don't be over the sheep and don't have no concern for them." He said, "Cuz when the enemy come in to kill, steal, and destroy, that hardening is going to flee." He said, "But that good shepherd leaves the 99 and go get the one." That good shepherd leave the 99 and go get the one. He puts his life before the sheep. [Music] Praise God. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. And if and if you notice, Jesus was all his his his purpose was to give you the revelation of who you are and who he was. Yes, sir. And he started with himself. And after his resurrection, he came to Peter you know he says St. John chapter 21 verse1 15 he says when they had denied Jesus said to Simon Peter Simon the son of Jonas lovest thou me more than these and he said unto him yeah Lord thou knowest that I love thee? And he said unto him feed my lambs. And he said unto him again the second time Simon son of Jonas lovest thou me? He said unto him, "Yay, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee." He said unto him, "Feed my sheep." And he said unto him the third time, Yes, sir. Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? And Peter was grieved because he had said unto him the third time, he said, lovest thou me? And he said unto him, Lord, thou knowest all things. He said, thou knowest that I love thee. And Jesus said unto him, feed my sheep. Yes. So, so the sheep got to have a shepherd. Let's go. Let's go to this. The sheep got to have a shepherd. Yes, sir. And and and this shepherd must have the revelation of the good shepherd. He He must have that revelation of the good shepherd. And and and the message, the good shepherd of the sheep. Yes, sir. 1957. Paragraph 10, Brother Vernon says, and you know, if you were going out, especially in my country, he says, to have a little picnic, we just have to have a little shade to have a picnic. He says, he's now if a little tree had been stuck out last year by someone, he said, we couldn't have very much confidence that we'll meet much shade there. He said, but you go to where the big old stately oat stands. That's right. where the trials and temptations and the swinging of the limbs back and forth and back and forth has moved that old tree till them roots are way down deep in the ground. He's saying you could pretty well believe she is still standing there. He said that's the way I like to get an old God saved saint that's welled the storm. He's saying their roots are still holding deep in the love of God. He said what it means to get a person like that and have a little time of fellowship means so much. Yes. He said, "Now, it was a strange thing." Jesus said here in St. John 10, "I am the door." He said, "I always wondered how he could be a door and be a man." Uhhuh. He said, "That used to bother me." He said, "How could he be a door and yet be a man?" He said, "When I was over in the Orient, I found out what that scripture meant." He said, "Here, I am the door and all that comes before me is robbers." And then I wonder how that was. Uh-huh. And he says in the orient how they take care of their sheep. He said the shepherd brings them at in at night and he counts them everyone to see if everyone is in. He say if there's one missing he will not lay down until he goes out into the deserts or whatever he's hurted all day long and he will find that sheep lay it over his shoulders and bring it in. I talk about a good shepherd. He said, "Then when all is in the fold, then then the shepherd lays himself down at the gap. He He He is the door to the sheepfold. There's no other way." He say, "It's a quarrel. Got a top over it and nothing can come in to those sheep until it cross the shepherd." And I and I and I looked at a documentary on it and I was like, "Lord, what what is he saying?" So basically what he's saying, he these sheep are led in into this area and they're surrounded for protection. And he he leave this one little gap open and it's the only way in is the only way out. He said that one little gap that he leaves open, he said that is where the shepherd seeks at. So so so that the enemy can't get in. So he plugs himself in the gap. Yes, sir. Amen. And he says, "And what a relief, what a lovely thing to know that when we are tucked into his blessed keeping, he becomes the door. And there's nothing could happen to you." He said, "No matter what it is, it all has to come by the shepherd. If it's sickness, it might be for your correction, but it might be for a testimony against the enemy. It might be for the exaltation of Christ's name." He said, "But nothing could come to you except he permits it to come." He's the door to the sheepfold. He said all that comes are robbers. All that ever comes to him trying to get you. He said trying to take you out of his fold is robbers, evil ones trying to take you from his fold. But they cannot get you. He says, he said, I just love to bleak that out. Nothing can bother you if you are in God's sheepfold. He said, for he is the door himself, and there's no other way. Everything has to be permitted by him. That's right. He say sometimes you say, why do I get sick? Uh-huh. It may be for his glory. He said, "One time when they were passing, you know, you're talking about the blind man, the disciples said, who sin, this man or his parents?" And Jesus said, "In this case, neither sin or his parents, but that the works of God might be made manifest." He said, "Little did he know if through his youthful days being blind, he was born blind, and through his youthful days, it might have been hard for him to understand." He said, "But after a while, he finds out it was a for a testimony of the Lord Jesus." Now, God does things like that. And I I remember reading when brother Brenham was saying how God introduces himself to people. Yes, sir. He introduces himself to the believers. And when when he felt led to go to the well to meet the Samaritan woman, Brother Baron said he picked that Samaritan woman. She she would she would he introduced himself to her to introduce himself to all the Samaritans. He picked one Samaritan to introduce himself to introduce himself to the whole race of Samaritan. So, so this is what he came to do to introduce himself to the believers. Thank you, Lord. Paragraph 14, he says, "And God selected the great shepherd of the flock, the Lord Jesus, and gave him all the authority Now, another thing, before he can go to leading his sheep, the sheep has to know the shepherd's voice. And another shepherd could call, that sheep would never listen to him. He would never pay any attention to any shepherd but that one. And brother Ben said, "When God calls a shepherd, say he already called some sheep for that shepherd." So it ain't no coincidence that you here tonight. There's no coincidence that you were hearing spoken word tonight. Cuz once he called brother Stephen, he also called some sheep for that shepherd. And he also said when he called you to be a part of the sheepfold, he already ordained a shepherd for you. [Applause] Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And he says in the natural realm if something happens to the shepherd and he's fired or sent away on what a time a sheep ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra ra razor has in those countries to find someone to take care of these sheep again. He must this shepherd must be gentle, right? He must be loving. He must have a certain kind of voice. Jesus said he said my sheep hear my voice. What other voice can he have but the voice of God? [Music] He said, "My sheep hear my word." Anything outside of it, they'll not follow. So believe So believing that Christ that Christ was um Jesus was the son of Christ ain't enough. A believer will hold on every word. They will hold true to every word. And he said that the true shepherd lays down his life for the sheep. And he also said the hireland shepherd won't listen. He would run away and leave the sheep. So, hallelujah. So, I'm thinking about these preachers in the synagogue. They had no revelation of who Christ was. And the first thing they did was put the man out, right? They they they place placed him in an outcast status because they originally didn't have a revelation of who Christ was. So, so that's that's why he says many are called, few are chosen. And to be that shepherd, you first must have a revelation of who Christ is. Like they say, how will they know except a preacher show them? And if you don't have that revelation, you can't preach that revelation to them. But I don't know about you tonight, but I'm so glad that we got a shepherd tonight. That we got a shepherd tonight to have the revelation of Jesus Christ. And I'm so glad that I've been chosen to be a sheep in the sheepfold to be to be a sheep in the number that I can receive the revelation because he's been chosen. He been called. He's been picked and he would not leave the sheep wounded. He will lay his life down for the sheep. He will go before the sheep. And when one is lost, he will go find them. He will go get him. He got a different revelation. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Yes, sir. Thank you, Lord. And the in the second half of that scripture, like we said, the the second fold of it, you got to know who you are. You got to know who you are. That's right. And brother Benham, Brother Brenham was talking about a talking about remember the little the story the little boy that that went and looked in the mirror that never seen himself before. Say he walked up to the mirror and uh you know he he seen he seen another little boy in the mirror. Say say he waved his hand, right? Say the little boy waved his hand back. So So he checked him again. Say he pulled on his ear and say little boy pull on his ear and say finally he got close and say he got a revelation. He called his mom and said, "Mama, that's me." And and and you got to look in the word. You got to identify yourself in the word and you got to say, "Hey, that is me." When Christ promises you healing, you got to look at the scripture. Say, "He's talking to me. Every promise in the book belongs to you. But you got to know who you are. He said, "Ye are gods tonight." When I see that scripture, I say, "Hey, that is me." Let us stand. [Music] You got to know who you are tonight. You got to You got to have a revelation of who Christ is. And you got to know who you are. All right. And that open the doors for faith to take in action to set in action and then that kills all doubt because the two the major two revelations you have you have received a revelation of the enemy can't enemy can't pull you to and fro. Amen. Because those two revelation cast out doubt. Amen. Those two revelation That's right. is what makes you stick your chest out with confident. Jes Jesus didn't Jesus didn't ask God to hear his prayer. He said, "I already know you heard my prayer because he knew who he was." He knew who the father was. He knew who he was. And you got to have that same confidence tonight that you know who he is. And then true in your heart that you know that you are a God and with that revelation there's no doubt that can stand in between. Let us rule. Dear heavenly father, oh God, oh Lord God, we have received your word tonight, oh father. Oh Lord God, you have came and walked the earth, oh God, for three years and six months, oh father, and oh God, and you constantly reveal yourself to the believers and you hid yourself from the unbelievers, oh Lord God. But thank God tonight. We was chosen not then, oh God, but before the foundation of the world. And and we have a revelation of who your voice is. And when you speak, oh God, we hear the voice. And when you have spoken, oh God, we have heard the voice. And we thank you for that revelation, oh God, that you have chosen us tonight to to receive all revelations, oh God. You have picked us tonight, oh God, to go back inside of you, oh Father. And we'll thank you tonight, oh God, that we are special people tonight. Oh God, if we can just believe, oh God, and just know who we are tonight, oh Lord God, we will grab up enough faith to to produce a rapture, oh God, and we can leave out of here. Oh father, it takes that kind of revelation to produce a rapture. Father, we must know who you are and we must realize who we are. And in doing so, we can take a rapture. Oh God, Lord God, Enoch knew who you were, oh God. And Enoch knew who he was. And in being so, oh God, he had a pull for something that never existed, oh God, to take a rapture, oh father. And that's the kind of faith that we want tonight, oh Father. And we need that tonight, oh God. We pray that oh God if anybody liking that kind of faith oh God that you would penetrate their heart tonight oh God and reveal yourself to them oh Lord God and reveal to him who they are oh Lord God that we can take a rapture and get out of here oh father Lord God we commit this sermon into your hands oh God we thank you for all things in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen give the Lord a hand clap of praise amen Amen. Thank you. Thank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Two things. Amen. You got to know who God is. And you got to know who you are. Oh, praise God. Praise God. It is so clear, so simple laid out. So clear in the scripture that you cannot even miss. He went from one example to the other and the Holy Spirit lay out everything so clear. Amen. You saw the blind man the first time when they asked him, he says he is a prophet. If you look at the scripture, he say he is a prophet. And Jesus waited until they cast him out. Because when they cast him out, then he's good to listen. [Laughter] Brother Brandham preached the message going beyond the camp. So if you want to find them, you got to find them beyond the camp. Jesus never moved back to find this man until they cast him out. That's what the Bible says. I was just I'm just listening. I'm just going to what he he already preached. Amen. The Bible say when Jesus heard so Jesus was waiting. He say he's still part of it. He's still part of it. Oh, they cast him out. Praise God. Now I can go talk to him. And if you notice, it was not him that found Christ. Watch the scripture, my friend. It was Jesus that now begin to look for him. After he was cast out, Jesus begin to look for him. And I was waiting for brother Tony to finish the scripture and for some reason he did it. Do you mind if I finish it? Do you mind if I finish it? I was just waiting. I was like, "Come on, come on. Come on. 36 35 36." And he move on to another. I'm sorry. I'm just going to read it. I just can't help it. Amen. It will it is so beautiful. You read this scripture over and over and before you know it, you begin to see things differently. Amen. It's in verse 35. That's where brother Tony stop. The Bible says that Jesus heard that he had cast him up, that they had cast him out, and when he had found him. Let me make this clear. I'm not trying to preach another message. I'm just going with what the brother already laid up, but it's something that just came straight right there. Go to verse 17. Oh, glory to God. When a minister begin to touch stuff like this, he begin to open up things. You just say, "Oh, glory to God." The Bible say, "They say unto the blind man again, what say thou of him that he has opened thine eyes?" He said, "He is a prophet, not the prophet." Remember the woman at the well at first say I see that I perceive that you are. So Jesus have to move with her from a prophet to a higher revelation. Amen. Now in verse 35 Christ came to find him. The Bible says in verse 35 Jesus heard that he had cast that they had cast him out. And when he had found him, he say unto him, "Do thou believe on the Do you know what the son of God means?" Right? That's why they want to kill Jesus Christ because of the son of God. The son of God means God. Amen. Verse 36. And he answer and say, "Who is he, Lord?" This is where he stopped. "Who is he Elohim?" Yes. "That I may believe on him." Verse 37. And Jesus say unto him, thou has both seen him. The first time you heard it, now that have both seen him, and it is he that has talked with thee. In other words, the personal revelation of Jesus Christ right there revealed directly to him. Verse 38, and he said, Lord, I not for just a miracle now. Now I believe and he did what? He Oh Israel. You only worship one God. Amen. So in other word he came to the final point the absolute the revelation that this man is God and they seal his story in the scripture. You got to know who God is and you got to know who you are. Amen. God came in this end time and came searching for you and God find you and God told you who you are. And God told you for four, five months. He keep repeating that you are God. You are the same breed as I am. You came from God. You have been predestinated to be conformed to my own image because I'm the first among many brethren. You are just like me. But now you need to know who you are. Because when you know who you are, the problem between your relationship and God is solved. Because the difficulty you're not sure who God is for you. There is a diffic I mean if you go in a store and you find a man in a store and you talk to him you are limited because you don't you don't have an established relationship but the relationship you have in this church you can easily call brother Khalim at 2:00 and he won't get mad because brother Khala will look at your phone call and say oh this is brother Zach relationship open up doors so when you know who God is and who you are and the relationship between you and God. Now you know you have confidence. Now you have faith like brothers preach. Now you know when you are approaching you know who you are approaching who you talking to. There is no better friend like Jesus Christ. There is no one that you can explain your problem so plainly without any problem like the Lord Jesus Christ. It is Jesus Christ. Amen. Remember who you are. God bless you. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you again humbly tonight. Father, we thank you for speaking to our soul and blessing us tonight, Lord. Father, to know who you are and who we are, Lord. Father, your prophet say that when two omnipotent meet, the miraculous must take place. Your omnipotence has already been proven throughout the ages. You are omnipotent, God. But Lord Father, the problem was on our side to believe and to recognize that we are also omnipotent. That's where the devil has been working so much on our failure, on our weakness to discourage us to come and to climb to that revelation. But father, you came back tonight again to show us that we are sons. We are daughter of God. Lord, you don't just stop about healing us, blessing us, attending to our need, Lord, but you go further than that to make sure that we realize who we are because there is a power in that identity to know who we are, Lord. Father, may you help each one of us tonight. May no one miss that revelation, Lord, because the time is getting very tight. Things are tumbling left and right. People all over the world are going crazy. There is pressure here, pressure on the trade, pressure on the tariff. All kind of stuff is turned upside and down, war here and war there. And the time is coming, Lord. Father, that we must depend on the God that we serve for so long. The one that created us, the one that sent us here for a purpose, the time of the third full manifestation have come. Lord, Father, help each one of us to remember who we are. that we are not the children of chos and elab Lord but we are children of almighty God children of the most high one Lord that the hour is coming that the son of God must be manifested because this is what creation has been waiting all along Lord father may you bless our brother and strengthen him Lord remember him and the family Lord Father and protect each one of us and give us travel mercy as we go into our respective place and if time terry Lord may you help us and bless us in the question and answer and the oncoming service on the weekend. We commit everything unto thy hand. We bless your name and thank you for everything in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead. He car for you. He carried for you. Sunshine or child. He car for you. He car for you. He car for you through sunshine or child. He carth for you. He provided. Oh, he provided for you. And he provided for you through sunshine or shadow [Music] heighted for you. Through sunshine. Oh, through sunshine or shine. He provided for you.
