################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - Trials and Tribulations Lead to Divine Fellowship - Bro. Polycarpe Omambo - Polycarpe Omambo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-25
Title:   Trials and Tribulations Lead to Divine Fellowship - Bro. Polycarpe Omambo
Speaker: Polycarpe Omambo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0DBykW0zN0
========================================

a doctor about three days ago said, "You got two children. He gave you a female examination. He said you had a cyst on the womb." She looked down, bowed her head, she said, "That is true." And I said, "Now, if you read the New Testament, is that like Jesus Christ who told the woman at the well, that is true." And I said, "Well, why did you come to me as a Christian? Why didn't you go to your Muhammad and prophet?" She said, 'I think you can help me now. I said, 'I can't help you, but if you'll accept this Jesus who is here now, who knows your life and knows all about you, he'll help you. She said, I accept Jesus as my savior. That did it. That was it. 10,000 Mohamads come to Christ that afternoon. Amen. See about 30 years on the mission field and turn one over by literature where in 5 minutes time 10,000 come by the gospel being made manifest. Amen. God never did tell us to build churches. Never did tell us to make schools. They're all right. Hospitals and so forth. God knows we need them at this program. But the commission of the church is to preach the gospel. But we passed out tracks literature from Asbury, this fine little place up here, which God bless them people. That little Methodist college up here at Wilmore, Kentucky is one of the finest spiritual little places in the world. I suppose at this time they're fine people. And I was coming down out of uh I forget his road ship, but [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can be upstanding tonight. Amen. Amen. We just want to bless the name of the Lord. Is another wonderful privilege to be in his presence again. So we just want to bow our hearts tonight and commit the service into the hands of the Lord. Father in the name of Jesus, we are just grateful once again. Lord, Father, oh God, to be counted amongst the living, oh God, tonight, Lord, we just want to express our joys, oh God, before you tonight, Lord. You've been good to us, Lord. Father, you've been our shield, Lord, been our back, so Lord Jesus, God, you've been, oh God, Father, the strength, oh God, Father, in our weaknesses, Lord Jesus. God, we just want to bless your name tonight, Lord. We just want to bless your name, Lord. Give you all the glory, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for keeping us, Lord. We thank you for providing all our needs, Lord. We thank you, Father, for blessing us, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father, for giving us all everything, Lord Jesus, that we ever needed, oh God, in life. Lord, we just give you all the glory, Lord Jesus. God father is another evening Lord and we are asking Lord may you take prereeminence tonight Lord may your spirit oh God take absolute control tonight Lord Jesus oh God we've come once again Lord to hear from you we've come once again Lord to feel your presence Lord amongst us Lord to fellowship with you and with one another Lord Jesus oh God we ask oh God father for a united spirit oh God father one in your word Lord Jesus oh God that oh God you move mighty Lord amongst us tonight Lord we commit oh God a song service into your hands Lord asking father God may you set the atmosphere Lord and Father God committing your minister tonight into your hands Lord may you use him Lord may you speak through him Lord those on their way coming Lord we ask for protection Lord Jesus oh God regardless of the weather Lord Jesus we know oh God you've already cleared the roads Lord Jesus for them Lord lead them safely Lord Jesus oh God to your presence tonight Lord we thank you Lord Lord, we bless you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we prayed. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. We just want to worship the Lord. Amen. I want to take this song heart of worship. Amen. [Music] When music fades and all is stream and I simply come long just to bring something that's of bre that will bless you. I'll bring you more than a song. For a song it is still is not what you have required. You search much deeper within through the way things. You looking into my eyes. I'm coming back to heart of worship all around you. all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for being all about you. [Music] Jesus came in this world. No one how much you deserve. [Music] All we can pour. All I have is yours. Every single gra [Music] I'll bring you more than a song. for a song itself is not what you have required. You search my sleep for the way things appear. You [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. Jesus, I'm sorry, Lord, for the king of all around you. So you I'm coming back to the heart of worship [Music] around you. about you Jesus. I'm sorry for being [Music] around you. One more time. I'm coming. I'm coming back to you. I worship all about you. You Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the pain I made. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. [Music] It's all about you. It's all about you. [Music] It's all about you, Jesus. Oh, all about you. [Music] All about you. All about you. It's all about you. It's all about you. [Music] about [Music] you. About you. I'm coming back. I'm coming back to the worship. It's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the things I made. So you [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, [Music] worthy is your name. Jesus Jesus, [Music] lamb of God. Worthy is your name [Music] Jesus [Music] of God worthy. Jesus [Music] Jesus [Music] worthy is your name Jesus lamb of Worthy is your name. You are my strength. You are my strength. When I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all. [Music] taking you as a precious jewel. I give her a fool. You are all Jesus. [Music] worthy your name Jesus lamb of God worthy your name my s taking my sin my cross my shame rising again. I bless your name. You are my only hope. [Music] When I fall down, you break me up. When I am dry, you feel my heart. Oh my god, [Music] [Applause] worth your [Music] lamb of God. worthy. Oh Jesus. Jesus [Music] might [Music] worthy. Jesus Christ worthy Jesus [Applause] worthy. Oh, Jesus. Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Lamb of God. Oh Jesus God is your name Jesus. might Jesus worthy. is your name Jesus [Music] of God. Worthy is your name. [Applause] [Music] your name. Amen. And amen. Amen. It's just beautiful to worship the Lord. Amen. Amen. We want to praise him tonight. Amen. Amen. I believe we know this song since Jesus came into my heart. Amen. Amen. If we don't know it, we're going to learn it tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. One wonderful chain my life has been rolling ging my heart. I have died in my soul. For as long I am Jesus ging to my heart. See Jesus g my heart. Praise Jesus into my heart. [Music] So joy of my soul and see [Music] Jesus to my heart. I receive from my word. When I go in Jesus with your name is Jesus Jesus into my heart. Jesus my heart. I s jous [Music] to my heart. Oh, of that my heart will still give me my heart. Jesus to my heart. Jesus to my heart. was the joy of my soul like the seesus to my heart. Oh, I love them. And for me, Jesus [Music] from the sea beyond I can see Jesus. Jesus came into my heart. Jesus came into my heart. joy of my soul. I could see Jesus. I shall go to dwell in the city I go. Jesus came into my heart. Let me show you when I go. Jesus came into my heart. Jesus came into my heart. Jesus came into my heart. Oh, you my soul. I can see my Jesus. Jesus. Jesus came into my heart. Jesus came into my heart. The joy of my soul. I can see Jesus. One more time. What is Jesus? Jesus came into my life. Jesus came into my heart. The joy of my soul like the secret of Jesus came into my heart. Oh, what a friend. I see what Christmas [Applause] [Music] I need. Oh, because we do not care. [Music] We need to go and every trial and temptation [Music] anyway. We should never be to the Lord in praise. We find a grace of faith. Jesus loves our every still [Music] take it to the Lord in The praise is [Applause] to the Lord in prayer [Music] by the [Music] things the higher that I will raise. I am I will come to me to go to the savior my s is the true one. He is just one and the word of Lord. I will raise to him and bring Jesus. I will bow to thee. I am to follow the Savior faithful and true he will say do what he willing he is living I will so glad and Jesus in highest will come to me. I only am to enter the kingom the path of rest upon me still when I enter to him Jesus Christ. I will note. I will. I will. And I will come to thee. for all the Christ my king away. Glory in the highest I shall sing. Standing on the rock in the corner. Standing standing standing on the pro of my standing standing [Music] on the cross. [Music] on the crosses I can unfailing [Music] myself by the living word of God shall prevail standing on the promises of God standing standing standing on the promises of God my standing Standing standing. [Music] I am standing on the promises of God. Standing on the cross right now can see perfect blessing in the blood for me. Standing in the living with Christ being free. Standing on the promise in the standing standing. Standing on the promises of God. My standing standing. I am standing on the pro standing stand. Oh, standing on the rock in the standing standing. I am standing on the rock. Standing, standing, standing on a pro of God. My savior. Standing standing. I am standing on the promises of God. The name of Jesus with me. All the suffer [Music] they will joy [Music] of heaven. Precious name. Oh, I see. Oh my joy of heaven. Take the name of Jesus. Yes. The shield will never escape. If temptation round your bre of pious name, oh sweet. Oh my joy of heaven pre of heaven. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The sweetest name you can ever hear. Amen. The name of Jesus. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Glory to God. We just bless the name of the Lord for another convention night. Amen. As the pastor says. Amen. Amen. Wow. Got a bunch of praise reports. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. I'm going to start with this one. Amen. This is Sister Laurel's 60th birthday celebration. Amen. and said, "The FBI family cordally invite you to celebrate our beloved Sister Lurel's 60th birthday on July 4, 2025 at our home at 264 Roberts Road, Blackburg, South Carolina at 400 p.m. Come join us for food and fellowship as we thank the Lord for a wonderful wife and mother. We ask that each family please bring a drink and dessert. Amen. We look forward to seeing you." Amen. So 4th of July, the Fabby family cordally invites us to celebrate the sister birthday or sister Lurel. Amen and amen. Amen. This is a praise report from um sister Victoria Komodo. Amen. So the Komodo family would like to wish sister D a happy 50th birthday. Amen. Amen. Says her birthday is tomorrow, June 26th. May the Lord May the good Lord continue to give her strength and many blessings. Amen. So this is from the Kimodo family and from the church family. Happy birthday, Sister D. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And this is from Brother Robert. Amen. says, "Praise to our Lord Jesus for the milestone that his grace has brought the wife and mother of our home, Sister Lurel FBI. Tomorrow is her milestone birthday. Thank you, Lord." Amen. So, showers of love on you, my dear wife. And that's from Brother Robert. Amen. Have a day of joy and blessings. Amen. So, happy birthday to to Sister Lurel. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. So, this is okay. I'm going to read it. Amen. This is a praise report from Sister Hadasa. Said, "I would like to thank the Lord for blessing my mom, Sister Lurel Fabby with 60 years tomorrow. I am thankful for for her being a mother that does all she can for her family. Amen. The church family and the body of Christ. May she continue to be blessed. Amen. And to be a blessing. Amen. Amen. So, another happy birthday to Sister Lurel. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Now this is a prayer request from sister Pam. Says pray for Ty Monroe. Amen. She have two surgeries coming up. One tomorrow and Friday. She's battling cancer. Amen. We said pray also for Tasha. She has stage three cancer. Amen. So uh we want to um remember sister Tasha. Amen. And also Sister Tia Monroe. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um we invite brother Michael March. Amen. To thank the Lord for this wonderful testimonies. Amen. And also commit the two sisters in the hands of the Lord that the Lord will touch their bodies. And any other unspoken request tonight we bring before the Lord. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Hello. God bless you. Let us stand and pray. Lord Jesus, we come before you and we want to thank you for gathering us together in your house, giving us another opportunity to come. Oh Lord, we are coming in this house, Lord, to magnify you and to worship you to give you all the glory because you deserve all our praises, all our glory. Father, you've done so much for us, oh God. Lord, I pray if there be anybody who is sick here, Lord, that you may heal those who are sick here. I pray for sister Monroe Tyler. And I also thank you, Lord, for the praises that we've got for birthday, for our dear sister, sister L'Oreal. Oh God, she has been such a wonderful sister in our family, the church family here. Lord, we want to thank you. May you continue to bless our God so that sink may continue to bless many others. Oh father, Lord Jesus Christ, as we approach the most important moment, Father, may you bless the preacher today, take him out of the way, oh Father, and speak to us, Father. Take the tithings and the offerings, Father, and may they be used for the glory of your name and for the gospel, Father. You know the many needs that are in the church, Father. You know the church building, we want to thank you for it, Lord. All things workketh for good for those who love you father and we love you father. Thank you father for providing for us. Remember those who are online father if there is any need with those who are online father. Father may you provide for each one of them father. At the end of our meeting father let we go home with hearts that are grateful and say lord thank you for speaking to us. Come and speak to us now. Amen. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. We thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. We still have one more song to sing before we invite the minister to the pulpit. Amen. Amen. I believe the Lord has given us the sword to apply. Amen. The sword of the word in this end time. Amen. So, we're going to confess that tonight. Amen. With this song, I've got sword in my hand. Amen. Can we have standing even as we sing the song? Amen. Amen. [Music] I got a sword in my hand and I am I will Oh my gosh. [Music] [Music] for my soul. No matter the dark and all around [Music] Jesus Christ and I am excited to my body no matter show in my head and I encourage [Music] I will make it on the no [Music] my enemy [Applause] for my soul. No matter how they move all around me Jesus Christ and I am excited to bring my body for sure that I will eternally in my I am with the other one in my heart and I understand that I will make it on the other side. No matter how the devil is in my way through my enemy Jesus Jesus Christ and I am excited. He's going to bring me to my body. Oh, no matter how long I know for sure that I will live. Praise God. It is hard to stop such a wonderful music especially on the convention. Let me look at the time. Praise God. If I have a place that I need to enjoy more, it's the house of the Lord. Amen. Think about what the devil trying to do to you all day long. And now you got your time for revenge and then you sitting quiet. I'm going to get the glory going. Then we'll bring the preaching. Praise God. Come on. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I'm going to let the glory roll in the rolling rolling glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get there. Oh, I'm going to let the Lord roll over. I'm going to get myself that day. I'm going to have to come on my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Oh, I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why I never can shout about the love that floods my soul. Yeah, I must confess. I can't express the feelings deep inside me. For the things I know and cannot show, one day will overflow. I'm going to let the glory roll in glory. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have the time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'll pass the clouds and I'll shout so loud. May song like thunder, my fearful life will fill the sky until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, the gates above stand before my savior. I let my soul let the glory roll from the rolling cold my [Music] glory rolling. the rolling holy glory. Oh, I'm going to get inside myself when I get inside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Let the glory roll in glory. I'm going to tell when I get the dream. I'm going to have the time of my life when the love of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Amen. Glory to God. So that last demon is already completely gone. So you ready for the word of God? What a blessing. 50 years old. Jubilee. God bless your sister D. God bless your sister. 60 years old. The Lord is wonderful. Everybody looking still strong and young. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let's give him a big clap offering again. Amen. It is that quickening power. It's already start working. Amen. The rapture is getting very very very very close and our Adam's body begin to react and synchronize with the coming of the Lord. Amen. If you don't have that experience, get the Holy Ghost inside of you. Then you will begin to see exactly what we're talking about because it's the spirit that is inside that will quicken our mortal body and we will be changed in a twinkling in a moment. Oh my, I can't wait when the Holy Spirit will open up the way so we can dig into this so you know exactly what happened when the rapture comes. It won't be like okay we going to be maybe flying like this and this one may be no no no no no you need to know exactly what's going to happen and brother Brandham even explained how the sweep will come on you so you need to understand and when you begin to feel it you say okay [Laughter] it's time to go amen if you see your loved one coming up you say oh praise be to the name of the Lord I knew you were coming and I knew we ready to go amen I will go court after quote and scripture after scripture and quote after quote. Brother Brandham even tell you how long we will stay here with our loved one. Yes sir. And what is the purpose of us first saying together before we meet Jesus Christ? There is a purpose on that one. Amen. I will read brother Brandham quote after quote after quote. I was about to dive into it and I got a block from the boss. So I have to wait till he open up the way. Amen. But at least on the meanwhile we can glory in our infirmities. Did you review the sermon? Amen. So pray for me so on Sunday we can get into that thorn and see what is the turn of Paul. What is he really all about? So now you will minimize everything, every dart that the devil is throwing towards you, you will understand that the more he throws, the better you become. Amen. Because everything he's throwing actually it's truly a blessing. I know it hurts but it's a blessing. But you will see what Paul does. Because remember, as long as that guy is there, then the power of Christ will rest. If you take that guy out, I will show you even in the life of brother Bran and you will see how it goes. Amen. We are most privileged people and anxiety time is over. Amen. It's over. Completely over. God is leading his bride all the way to the last push and before we know it, we'll be out of here. So, we greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ to both visible and invisible audience. And my brothers here, I shook your hand. I don't know your name, but welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. You're not a visitor, you're a family member. Amen. God bless you, my sister in the back. And anybody else that I forgot, God bless you. And welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Here we say amen. We you enjoy the word. So if you want to say amen, don't be shy. But I know if the spirit is in you and he kick you, you will say amen regardless of who is around you. Amen. Glory to God. It's a convention night. So I'm not the one preaching. It's brother Polycarp. It says in a little while he have not preached. So brother Polycarp will be preaching and brother J. Albert will be translating. So by God's grace, God in his time, in his season, according to his purpose, he provided a translator so I can get a break. Amen. Let's go. We finally believe. Oh believe. Oh, [Music] how are [Music] we [Music] all living in the living. [Music] All things are possible. Holy [Music] Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. for [Music] I believe [Music] I believe all things [Music] Amen. Amen. Yes. Everything is possible to those that believe this evening. It doesn't matter the situation. Everything is possible. Thank you. May God bless you richly. I want to thank the pastor for this opportunity that he gave us to come into the house of the Lord to make a little noise for the glory of God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Because we're beings from heavens. May God bless the pastor. his wife and his children and those that belongs to him. We render grace to God for allowing us to come to his presence. I thank you all that are present and those that are online. I believe I believe you will never be dis um I believe you will never be disappointed because you did not come to listen to a man but to listen to God and see God but we can only see God through men. May God bless you richly. [Music] Without taking too long, we can go to the books of Daniel. Daniel chapter 6. I will start from I'll start from Daniel chapter 6 verse 21- 22 and 26 over here just to um save time you can read it at home because I believe all of us for reading a chapter in the morning and a chapter in the evening. That's why the servant of the Lord is standing here. Amen. Everything will pass but the word of God will never pass. I read in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Then Daniel Then said Daniel unto the king, "Oh king, live forever." Amen. My God. [Music] My God has sent his angel and have shut the lion's mouth. [Music] that they have not hurt me. For as much as before him innocence was found in me, and also before thee, oh king, have have I done nothing? I mean, have I done no heart? [Music] Then was the king exceeding glad for him and commanded that they should take Daniel up out of the den. [Music] So Daniel was taken up out of the den and no and no manner of hurt was found upon him because he believed in his God. We'll pray to the Lord. Lord, eternal father, the creator of heaven and earth, the author of the word that we just read. We're here before you this evening, knowing that in the evening time, we have food that's not like any type of food, but a food that comes from. And in that meal, everything is found. Well, this world is in chaos, but we have the solution to all of our message in this in your word. That's why this evening, we come Lord Jesus by the promise that you promised us. We want to attach ourselves to see the evidence of that in our lives. There are those that came sick. There are those that have problems, but they can only find solution in you. And there's no man that can bring solution. But it be you. That's why we call you. So you may remove us out of the way and that you may take preeminence. May you may you speak to your people. May you heal the sick. We deliver those that are captive. May we come to those that are need and confirm those those that are trying and lift those that are that have fallen. Save those that are lost. May you manifest yourself this week. We thank you for it all while leaving you the preeminence in the name of Jesus Christ. take the control from the pulpit to the last row and may every door be closed that we may listen to you and you alone in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. May God be worshiped. Amen. You will notice where we just came from reading a little. Daniel the servant of the Lord said that God has sent his angel. So he said to the king to close the mouth of the lion. Amen. Amen. In what condition did Daniel found himself in the lion's den? Daniel had not sinned. He didn't steal anything from anyone. He did not commit any sin. And we read that he testified that even before God, even even before the king and men, he had done no wrong. But this evening, me and you, we can have this same declaration that we have not done anything against God and against man. But you see, Daniel found himself in trials. And during trials, that's where he met God. That's where he had fellowship with God. It wasn't someone else. It was God the creator. Just like this evening. I don't know what type of trials that you're going through. I don't know what type of tribulation that you're going through, but this evening your God will tell you that trials and tribulation that produces your fellowship with God, a divine fellowship. Amen. You have to remember that you're God. He's called Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Rafa. He is the God that has many attributes and those attribute cannot operate. If you do not find yourself in a trial, if you're not going through a tribulation, it's not because you've done something wrong that you're going through trials or through tribulations, but maybe in you had missed something. Maybe you don't have patience. Maybe you don't have uh loyalty. Amen. Amen. Maybe you're lacking something among all the virtue. And God occasionally may bring a circumstance because he wants to see you in his image in his likeness. He is perfect and you also need to be perfect. So when you're lacking something, he is specialized in every case. He can create something to bring you closer to him to bring you to have fellowship with him. Amen. Amen. I want to read something and be certain of God. The prophet of God is saying this in paragraph 97. [Music] Be certain of God of 1959 January 25th. If the preachers preaches the word And the man that receives it, believes it, and acts upon it, something has to happen. If you're a sinner this evening, Amen. Amen. You have to be saved. If you're sick, you have to be healed because God promised it. If we're certain of God, unless if you have something else in your spirit, but if you're certain of God, that he is the one that give the promise, he's the one who made the promise and he is capable of completing his promise. He will do it this evening. Your situation will change this evening. Amen. Amen. I'll read in paragraph 39 he says this you know when we have confessed our sins and met every requirement that God requires. We believed on God there there is a circumstance has to be met. and it's according to his will. We confessed our sins. We made all the wrongs that we have done, right? Done. Everything that we know how to do, every requirement that God has made or asked, we have met that requirement. And yet he lays silent. He just won't answer us. Listen, I'm sure that I'm speaking to people this morning for us is this evening. Amen. Amen. to certain people that are going through that. [Music] Here the prophet is talking that maybe one of us are going through a trial that maybe you've done something that maybe you yourself know. [Music] and the the prophet is saying if you obey to the requirements of God and you confess it and you fix it there will be nothing that will stop you will have your your desire if you're sick you will be healed amen the prophet says is maybe you went through something that's bad or you did it wrong somewhere and you're condemning yourself the prophet is talking here that even he himself he found himself that he does something wrong and when he had done that what did he do he would return to God let's read the prophet He says, "I've been there many times myself. I've went back and traced my life and turn I've went back and traced my life [Music] and turned over every stone and I find that I've did something wrong. I'd go I'd go confess it saying Lord God saying Lord God I'll make it right and go do so then come back again and said now Lord our God you'll answer me surely I met every request that you required me to do and he still won't move. He seems to be uh he seems to set silence. That's when you need to be sure. You need to be certain that he is God. You don't need to be discouraged. Hallelujah. The only thing that is the only thing that is that in your heart to be certain of God in those situations. Amen. Amen. Amen. Anything that you could do or that you have done. But if you go back to God based on the norms, based on his requirements, not based on your own thoughts, not based on your own will, but based on what is written, based on the will of God. It is written in the scripture. That is the the will of God. The message that we're reading is the will of God and you're fulfilling those requirements. There will be nothing that God will obtain obstain from you this year. I'll read a little bit in the beginning and ending of the gentile dis dispensation paragraph 28 of 1955. [Music] And as I noticed, then God permitted Satan to give him the test. The trials that you're going through. It's the creator, your creator that allowed Satan. Why did he allow Satan? Like I just came from saying a few moments ago, maybe in you there's no loyalty. Maybe in you there's no patience. [Music] Maybe in you there's no love. And God knows that you're his children and he creates. He arranges himself with the devil and the Satan will come to you to do a wrong to you. Amen. Amen. But when you're a child of God, you will seize yourself and you will return to God. You will repent. You will recognize that and in that instant you will pray to God. You will cry before your God at whom you have done wrong. At whom you have disobeyed and your God is there to save you. Why does he do that? Is to bring you closer to him. Because you let yourself go by your own understanding, by your own will. You're saying, "I have to do this. Nobody is above me. Let me do this. And when you do your own will, your own will will cost you. And that's why you need you start to cry. And when you start draping your tears before your God, he will accept you, my son, my daughter. And he will wipe your tears. Amen. Amen. So you make go beyond. Amen. Amen. Paragraph. [Music] And as I noticed then God permitted Satan to give him a give him the test and oh they tested them by the fire. They tested them also by the lion's den. And every instant God brought them out more victorious. Amen. Amen. And you look at the trials that you're going through. These people that we saw here, we'll see it later on. They tested them in the fire in the uh fire furnace and in the lion's den where the lions were hungry. That's right. They did no wrong. But look what happened to them. Amen. Amen. They were firm before their God. And look at you at what condition that you are. What situation or trials that you're facing? Amen. Amen. And over here it was God who provoked those situations. Many are the testings of the righteous. But God deliverth him out of them all. Here the prophet is saying that all there's not one trial that God cannot deliver you out of. Amen. Amen. How marvelous that is. How we appreciate that. trials, tribulation, test, all working for good to those that love God. After a while, God can see then that he can put his trust in you. Then he'll do great things for you. Amen. You notice um usually when we deviate from the word of God, God is always in his word. Every single time you will take negligent to God's word. In that same hour, that's when the devil will play with you. That's when the the devil will try to claim you and will hate you. And if you're a child of God, you will return to your father and he will forgive you in paragraph 31 say Now let's go to 30. Now we find out then that Daniel became an instrument in the hand of God. [Music] Daniel became an instrument in the hand of God while he was away from his own people, out of his own city, away from his own church in a strange land. God used him church. Daniel here far away from his people, far away from his family, far away from his um church and he was firm. How about you? In your family, in your own church, in your own country, and you're sinning like there's I don't know what. You're in church. And maybe you're even serving God and you're residing in the wrong in sin. Daniel was far away from his country, far away from his family, far away from his church. Let's take the church as his bride and you the servant of God. You're close to your wife. And you're sinning. You're in your own village, your city, but you're sinning. Is that truly? Is that truly the spirit that was in Christ that is in you that is in us? Because if that spirit that was in Christ dwells in us, We will have the desire that were in Christ. We will be dressed with those desire to do good instead of doing wrong evil when we stand behind these pulpits. I'm not here to attack the denominations. I was never in denominations. So what I am attacking with the people of my house. So if I if I am going to talk, I would talk to the people in my house. Amen. Because usually we say the people of the world they're doing this, they're doing sin. They're um lying. They're they're stealing. they're living an unclean life. But we we find out that the prophet say we'll find it here somewhere of a tree that was double. Amen. Amen. that dwells with us but can also do all kinds of wrong or evil towards us. Like it is written in the exposition of the seven church ages. I will read in pages. [Music] Give me a few minutes. Give me a little second. Okay. I'm in the page in the age of um and we're in that age of La the Christian of the age of Laudia towards the bottom it is written this [Music] we see now why there's two vine There is a true vine and a false one. Amen. Amen. We see now why Abraham had two sons. One is of the flesh. He was persecuting Isaac. Amen. And the other was based on the promises. We see that the same parent produced two twins. One knew and loved the things of God. And the other one knew a very good part of the same truth. But he was not of the same spirit. which made him persecute the elect um the elect child. God did not find pleasure to rebuke him. He he rebuked He rebuked them by love for the sake of the elect. The elect cannot persecute the elect. No my brother nor my sister. An elect persecuting an elect. No sir. I'm standing at the pulpit that I go persecute brother Kimma or brother John or who or who else. That mean I am not an elect. Amen. Amen. The elect cannot persecute the elect. The elect cannot do wrong to an elect. [Music] It's those that are the the reprimment that are doing that to the elected and that are destroying them. Amen. Amen. They truly destroy them. Oh. Oh. The reprimand or the repro the repro they appear to be religious. They're in a message. They're covered with quotes. Someone can do you wrong. Let that come to you with a citation, with a quote saying that you can support it. You're a brother. You can support it. Amen. But there are certain sins sin that are unforgivable. What is the sin that's unforgivable? It's the it's you know the word and you're rejecting the word. You know what is right and you're not doing what is right. That is a sin, an unforgivable sin when you're persecuting an elect. May God be glorified. That's why we must pay close attention. The prophet of God gives an advice. Oh elect of God, be on your guard. Study carefully. Work to your salvation. With fear and trembling. Put your confidence in God and fortify yourself by his power. Your adversary, the devil, he's roaming like a roaring lion, seeking whom he shall devour. You must stay, dwell in the prayer and be firm, where in the end time the true and the false vine both vine are immaturity. is it's right before they bloom. The wheat bloom. This we has to be a euical from the church has to be tied around before they be burned. They have to be gathered and tied before they be burned. Amen. Amen. May God be worshiped. [Music] My brothers and sisters, we're in the end time. [Music] You cannot have a good fellowship with God without first having something. Amen. Amen. You cannot act or be led by your own will. Meet God. Amen. Amen. You need the word of God to meet God. The word the word of God is his will. Amen. Amen. I will read something. The prophet was talking about how Daniel was an instrument in the hands of God. Now you could be far away. You can be away from whatever you may be. You can be away from all your loved ones or you can be away from your church, but you can still be an instrument in the hands of God because God will because Daniel was an instrument in the hands of God. God can use you for a testimony. Amen. or for anything that he wishes to use you for. I'll read a little bit in I know 1960 April 17 in paragraph in paragraph 28 it is written in one of the scriptures in the Bible that trials are brought up that trials are brought upon us are more precious to us than gold itself. Amen. Amen. Excuse me for an instant. It's God who sends us the trials. When does he sends us the trials? after we become his property. Amen. Amen. Amen. confession. After our confessions, our baptism and our promise to walk in life for him. Then every trial that comes upon us is to perfect us. It's for a a goal to perfect us for his glory. That's right. [Music] And it is to bring us to a place where God can make himself more real to us than he was before the trials. imagine you could come to God [Music] and you started a light um a loosely life and you're deviating away from God. You're getting away from God. Now the trials will come to hate you. You want to touch on this and it doesn't work. You want to advance and it's not working. [Music] And your God would tell you that you must return. Everything that you're touching, he is hating. When he is hidden, you don't you do not have discernment because you're walking based on your based upon your own will, not the will of God. You're trying to make your own will to be the will of God and that will never work. When you're forcing your will to become the will of God, God will leave you. You will think that you're prospering. You will think that you're prospering. But when God will touch somewhere that where you were lifted off, you will fall all the way beneath. You will fall all the way to the ground. Amen. Amen. Because our God is not a He's not a big God. He is our father. When there's problem, he will spank you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. May God be with worship. I'll jump a little reading paragraph 30. And remember, in all things, Satan tries to make us nervous and upset us to get us to think. Oh, why did this happen? My brother, my sister, what happened happened? Well, God is waiting for you is a good confession. fix your life and continue walking. It's not why why why instead of crying for the why. You need to pray God. Return to God and um cry to God. Forgive me that I am your daughter, your son, that I am your daughter. And if there's a person that you've wronged, that person, you need to fix it with them. You need to see them and to fix with them in humility, not in arrogance. To say that, oh, I already asked you forgiveness. No, sir. It's you who wronged them. You need to humble yourself and the Lord God will give you forgiveness that that person will give unto you. Amen. Amen. In paragraph 61 crucifix in paragraph 60 actually. And they have to have a crucifixion before you can have a resurrection. And before the church will ever be able to see the resurrected power, before I can ever see a new ministry take place myself, before you can enter into a new fellowship with God, there has to got to be a self crucification. So that there come so that there can come a resurrection. You need to die on yourself. You need to die to your own will. Me you find yourself that maybe you're beautiful. Like I was telling to my children's I was telling to my daughters when you're taking driver's ed and they're teaching you how to drive. I have never seen you take those practice car bringing it home. They do not bring it home. So my daughters you are not You are not those practice cars that people have to get on and practice so they may go somewhere. I was not talking. You do not need to do that. Do not do it. You are not a practice car that that men have to come and practice in your body to go exercise in their own marriage. No, that's the the gospel that that the prophet has preached. No, you're not there like we see in today's day. certain pastor or men of God or the religious ones, the religious men that are preaching to the married woman that every man may be a servant of God. They have they have their in their side friends that they may talk dirty talk and comfort themselves and allow themselves to play with each other with the um woman of someone else. Those are in the message. Do not do it. My my um daughters, my sisters, do not do it. Those are the representative of the devil. Those are the devil in flesh that will come in thinking that they're your brother. Those are not your brother. Amen. Amen. That's the devil. It's a person in the form of religion that could destroy a whole household, a whole family. Amen. Amen. Do not do it. You're not a You're not a training ground. That people had to come and applied that and test. Amen. Amen. [Music] So you must keep your body jealously. You must keep it. So you may be honored before God and before men. That honor will be in the eyes of God and before the man. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. I will read still in the same title. I know 1960 February 17 in paragraph 47 of I know. It was until the Hebrew children was forced into the f the fiery furnace on one of their most outstanding trials that they're seeing one like the son of God standing among them among them. Their troubles produce the son of God standing among them in the breeze to wave away the heat. But until they went into the fire, that's when did the comforter appeared. Usually in your prayer you say, "My comforter, my comforter, when have he ever comforted you?" And now you find yourself fallen in a tribulation, in a test, or in a trial, and you continue to cry. Why? Because in that time that's when the comforter comes to comfort you to tell you my brother my son my daughter in this tribulation I am with you I was I was with Shadrach Meshach in the furnace you my sister whatever you're going through I am also with I was with Daniel in the lion Then in that in this tribulation I am with you when the children of Israel was going through the Red Sea. Maybe you're in front of a situation for you that is the river the Red Sea because the sea you cannot go through it. through it. So let the person who let the children of Israel, he is not far away from you this evening. He is right near you and he is also in you even in the boat when the disciples were with Jesus. It was not them that provoked the storm. They did not call for the storm. They didn't signal for the storm, but the creator of the storm was with them in your tribulation. You had to know that he is the creator that in your tribulation in your sickness, he is the one that created all things. He's the one that can command this sickness. He is with you. It's it only takes it only takes for you to have um confidence in him. The prophet of God said when the minister is standing at the pulpit, everything is possible for your salvation this evening. Everything is possible for your healing this evening. May it be cancer. What is cancer before God? What is sickness before God? This evening, God is way bigger than all of those. Amen. I'm going to drop a little paragraph 45. Every believer, every Christian believer, that mean there must be believers that are not Christian. There are certain believers that are not Christian. They also go to church with us, but they are not Christians. [Music] Paragraph 85. 84. Every Christian believer has to be pushed into those trials. My brother, my sister, if you're pushed into those trials, if you were visited by the son of the devil, [Music] you must know that you're a child of God, that you're a daughter of God. It's God who allowed you to go through that. And you can go back and look where you pass. That God gave you victory. He didn't give victory to whoever. He didn't give whoever the victory. So you must rejoice. You have to know that God was the one who allowed it. Amen. So you may have a testimony that there are certain people that could go all the way to the frontier that have not fallen. Amen. Amen. Because there will be certain people that will give excuses. He said that we fall because of this because we were like this in that day. They will say look my son look at my daughter. Look at my son and my daughter. They went for but look where they stopped. You become a testimony. So take courage. He says this, "Every Christian believer has to be put on the ash heap. You know the ashes when they take the wounds, the branches and you call the fire. It's burning. Those those little dust is what we call ashes. Meaning you fell all the way down. You find yourself in a condition that you're down all the way in the ashes. Why do God put you in the ashes he when you arrive at the ashes he go now brings forth another experience. That's what the prophet of God is saying so that he can come forth with an experience that I know that my redeemer liveth that your redeemer is alive. Amen. Amen. We don't come here this evening just to sit and talk about some historical affair. which is all true. But we come here with a testimony this morning. I know that Jesus Christ is the son of God. I know it beyond any shadow of a doubt. I know that he raised from the dead and he lives in me today. He is mine and I am his. I am a joint hair with him in the kingdom of God. Are you sick? Be certain of God. And the doctor says that you need an operation. You You haven't got money to do it. You have a need. The Lord God is asking you, do you have a need to be healed? He is the same tonight. He is the same tonight. Amen. I'm jumping a little. He tells us, I believe, that God evil in paragraph 272. 258. Be a Christian of good reputation, for we are aliens here. This is not our home. Our home is above. We are sons and daughters of the king. Let our lives be a reputable life. Their life there live a life that honor that we claim to be a Christian. And if you can't live that kind of life, then stop being called a Christian because you're only bringing reproach. You're only bringing reproach upon the cause. Is your life worthy of the gospel? Let me let me convince you. Let me um let me let me beg you as a minister. Let me um beg you in the in the name of Jesus Christ. That was the prophet that was like begging. Run away from the anger of this. Don't serve the god of this evil age. The god of this evil age is is hypocrisy. Amen. Amen. It's uncleanliness. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, I know you say it's good. They're fine. Exactly. Exactly. A mixed tree. You you cannot mix knowledge with God's word. Somebody is coming with you with knowledge starting to talk to you about something else deviating you you away from the word of God. May you be a male or a female. Get away from that those type of people. Any type of relationship that you may have with them. Any type of relationship that you may have or friendship that you may have with them. Amen. Amen. You need to get away from those type of men. May God be praised. I like to go fast. He says something here [Music] that the god of this evil age is married with a man. If it the God of this evil age. A woman is married with a man and she goes out and makes love with another man and has an affair with him and and come back to her husband. He should kick her out. Is that right? She must be true to him cuz she is vowed to him. And the bride of Christ is vowed to Christ by a vow. And he is the word. Not even a wink at the other side. A woman should not even wink at another man. She should she should make no signs no emotions no emotions to she should make no signs no emotions at all towards him. For she is absolutely a bride to one group to one bridegroom. [Music] Meaning we are not supposed to make a wink or wink at another word because our bridegroom is Christ and he is jealous. Amen. You see here in the god of this evil age in paragraph Notice the children of of obedience and disobedience have nothing in common. It's like it's like we're in a message. It's like we're in a message. We have no relationship with heathens. We have no uh we cannot marry or espouse an unbeliever. [Music] We cannot go and espouse someone else's wife that are in the world. The man is still alive and you're going to espouse a woman of the man that's still alive or the man the husband is still alive and you're going to the wife and proposing to the wife saying that I will marry you. while you're in the message and you're married, for example. Amen. Amen. That is the representative of the devil. Exactly right. They disobedient worship their God. Oh, they say we believe the Bible. mixed. Yes, it's a mixed tree. See, they add the world and knowledge to it. Satan's tree mixed. See, she took from Satan's tree good and evil. Oh, we believe the word surely, but not all of it. Eve believed the word, too. But let Satan take his people and pervert it a little bit. That's what it is. The Bible says, the Bible say, "Whosoever shall add one word or take one word from me, the prophet says he is the same, he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever." Notice meaning the person who added or taken are doing evil like the snake had done in the garden of Eden. He has the same punishment. Amen. Amen. Because he's saying that God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The serpent who has sinned and done that remained broken down to the curse that God had um rendered him. That's right. Amen. This evil age is this evil age is of darkness yet belongs to church. [Music] Their God their God. They love him for it. The way he lets them, they have no condemnation. Nothing brothers, nothing bothers them as long as they belong to a church. Balam taught this the church the same thing. But we're all the same. Mm- mm. We're not. [Music] Someone comes tell you that we're the same human. We're all humans. No, no, no. We're not the same. We're not the same thing. That's what Ba Bum tried to do. You have to remember it was an unforgivable sin. Three times in the Bible, three times in the Bible for any person to add one word of their own interpretation to God's word after it had been vindicated the truth. Amen. It's true that in the Garden of Eden, one word added caused death in the world that we're living in. When Bum added the word saying that we're all the same, they God never did forgive Israel that every one of them perished in the wilderness. So now I'll end just be a bit patient with me. [Music] Every every one of them perish in the wilderness except the three that God brought out. [Music] Jesus said there they're everyone dead that's eternally separated. Amen. Amen. [Music] They're all gone. Never was forgiven. It's an unpardonable sin. Never forgive them. Oh my. Flee ate children of the evening light. Amen. Amen. May God be praised. [Music] So you have to flee like the prophet said he said you feel it. Let me tell you, you let somebody come at your house and don't like you very much sat in your house just a little bit and feel that funny feeling. Someone meaning someone meaning someone that you know that he doesn't like you. Listen now to the prophet. Multiply that feeling. Multiply that by 14,000. Now then you get what I'm talking about. Those type of people will you approach them pastor a person that does not like you that he comes to sit near you the prophet is saying multiply that by 14,000 and after that you will understand what he's talking about may God be praised may God help us then you get into a place where everybody loves loves you. That welcoming feeling just Oh my and you could just stay there forever. See? Amen. That's a See, it's a spirit. I'm running fast. We can jump a bit. We're gonna jump certain things in paragraph. What? What makes good woman? What makes good women pull on them vulgar clothes and get out there? [Music] What makes even now when it's still cold little 16-year-old girls with clothes on that she ought to wear she ought not to wear before her mother and out on the street. Usually you um you people like to condemn us the preachers. Listen to what the prophet is saying here. Because not that child, that child don't know any better. But that's it. But because some preacher in the pulpit failed to hold this post of duty, like I was telling to my children, you're not you're not a trash can for a sexual act that they may come and touch you. When someone is marrying you, they honor you. And you have to honor God. And you will be happy. In that day, I will dance like never before because I will be glad. Amen. Amen. Amen. And you're in the word. Amen. Amen. He failed to hold his post of duty to smell his homework. That's exactly right. Sure. A woman get on the street and all sexy dress and things like that. And the sinners look at them and don't and don't know that she is actually just as guilty as she lived with that man. Jesus Jesus said so. Jesus said, "Whosoever lookth upon a woman to lust after her, have committed adultery with her with her in his heart, and will have to answer for it at the day of judgment. Straight is the gate, and narrow is the way." That's right. The prophet is saying here paragraph 150, I know you think I'm a hard guy. I'm not hard. I'm your brother. I love you. You also my sisters, I am placing myself in the place of the past of the prophet. I am not hard. I love you. You need to run. Run from the wrath that is to come. Go to the cross and cry until your heart is filled with his spirit. [Music] They'll turn your back from everything of this world and walk godly before him with your heart burning for him. Amen. Excuse me. I'll close. I'll read I'll read somewhere in God's provided way for this day 1964 February the 6 listen to the prophet there is no better way for they never found a better way for a baby to to get what it what it wants, then cry for it. If you give him a bail and you say, "Junior, you're only three days. [Music] But now, when you want to when you want your bottle, raise your raise up this bell and ring it. see if that'll work. The prophet saying that don't work. It won't work. The the baby cries for eight for what he wants. That is God's provided way. The louder you cry, the louder you cry, don't whip the little fellow. He is only following God's provided way. He wants something to happen. That's right. It's the only way he knows. He It's the only way he knows to call his mother. Is to scream for it, cry for it. Listen to God recommends this for his children. God recommends this for his believing children. He did not he did not not intellectual speeches. Not some great theology theology theology not theology to teach theology. Not theology to teach but to teach the word the word of the the message of the end time. [Music] Because if you're not taught based on the word and the message, the Bible say, "My people perish by lack of knowledge." And when you don't have that understanding, you will perish. Somebody will come and deceive you and you will let yourself be deceived. Somebody will bring you left, you will go, but if you have the understanding, the knowledge, you will say, "No, I will not do that." Amen. Amen. He says that God wants you to cry for your needs. That's right. Cry out for it. [Music] You're too stiff and scr and scrouchy. You'll never re you'll never get it. If you're ready to limber yourself a little and cry, God will give it to you. He likes to hear his children cry. Cry your needs to God. God wants it. That's his provided way. Cry out for it. That's the way the baby cries and that's the way he wants you to cry. Listen to 52. How long does a baby cry? [Applause] Until he is satisfied. And that's the way the believing Christian should be God's child. There is a problem. We will come out of this. Your problem is waiting for you after this. But you're taking it loosely. And the prophet is saying the baby will cry until they're satisfied. Amen. Amen. And he says a Christian, a believing Christian should do That's the way the belie. If you see that God made the promise, don't give it up. Cry till it's answered. Cry. Cry till you see God vindicates his word. When God vindicates his word and proves it's here, then you don't have to cry no more because you got it. Walk away and thank him for it until you do that. Scream out till you get it. Cry out with all your faults till you receive it. I like that. Persistence. persistence, holding on. He gave the example of Abraham who waited 25 years. He was waiting for the u promised son. Amen. Amen. Now the prophet is also inviting us. When you have a problem, you need to you need to also do it. I read in paragraph 759. Yet Abraham had a right to the promise just like you this evening. You have a right to the promise. Healing belongs to you. Every blessing belongs to you. So why are you not possessing it? Because you have never cried. You never took those seriously. when Hannah had take um her condition seriously. She even made the the servant of God lose his GPS. The servant of the Lord did not even have discernment to understand that Hannah is in the church in the house of God and she is praying. the servant of the go the servant of God is saying that you talk wine. She said no it's the it's the weight of the um case that I have that are pushing me. It doesn't matter what my husband may tell me or may give me but I am in need to have a child because it's a promise for me. You say in the house of the Lord, there's no surrender. And she she attached herself to that promise. And I believe this evening, you need to attach yourself to a verse. May each of you are attach yourself to a verse. Doesn't matter your situation this evening. Attach yourself to a verse. God cannot speak like this in vain. Amen. Amen. When David, when David had picked up the stones, they were a small little stone. But those small stones, God took control of it. So he may pierce Goliath to make the giant fall. So if you take only a scripture this evening in the promise of God, the giant is before you will fall. I wanted to read the prophet. Yet Abraham had the right to the promise and the promises. Yet he had to fight. You also have to fight to possess it. Amen. Amen. There you are the believers today. Yeah, we're Yeah, we're air. We know that you're heir of all all things. Yeah, we're heir of every spiritual blessing, every physical blessing. every blessing in the Bible promise every promise. Yet you have to fight for every entropy. That's God's that's the way God God is set up. It has always been like that. You have to fight to possess what you know is yours. Even for your husband, if there's a problem, you need to fight if there's a problem because it's your husband. Even for for your wife, if there's a problem, you have to fight for your wife. Even for your children, if there's an issue, you need to fight for your children because they're your children. And the prophet is saying, you have to reclaim. You have to claim. Amen. Amen. They will fight to possess it. That's what we must do to save the promises is yours. But if you ever get you ain't going to get it easy. So there's promises, but I'm not going to obtain it easily. Now you're understanding the trials that the trials is bringing you closer to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going to parachute the m musician may come forth. Amen. Amen. Amen. I am heir of everything. Amen. It's given to me. I am an heir. I can claim everything that God promised me. It's for me. It's my how do you get it? By by something you done? No sir. It's the unmmerited gift that God gave us. And it's ours. It belongs to us. Satan cannot hold it. If you go to him, if you go to Satan with the scriptural authorative word was saying, saying it is mine, lay it down. Amen. Amen. Glory. I like that. Satan, lay it down. You took it from me. You give it back because I'm serving. You notice you give it back because I'm serving. Notice notice on you. I've got the notice written right here on the word. Heaven and earth will pass away, but this notice shall shall not. So I come with this notice to serve on you. Jesus Christ said, "Whatsoever I ask in the Father, in the Father's name, he'll give you if I say to this mountain, be moved, and don't doubt in my heart, but but believe, but believe that what I've said shall shall come to pass, I can have what I said. Lay it down. That gets him started. Don't get him. Don't get him started. That gets him running. Lay it down because I have come with the spiritual authority. I am a believer. You get it? Yes, sir. May God be worshiped. He told to Joshua, "Every land that you possess." Joshua also possessed. When he saw that he was facing the enemy, a bunch of enemies, he stopped the son for 24 hours. This evening, just take a scripture, take a verse. That little stone that's in your hand, all it takes is something in your hand. can pierce the Goliath in your life. Amen. Amen. Our God, he takes what is nothing, what of what is of nothing to show his greatness. David only has stones and those stones pierced Goliath. Why? Why? Because he had a commission just like you have a commission. You have the promises of God. All it takes is a a stick in the hand of Moses. He delivered the people of God. He delivered the people of Israel from the hand of Pharaoh. It doesn't matter how insignificant the stick that he picked up. But when God is there, God takes control. Take your situation this evening with a simple prayer. Take a simple scripture like Moses took a stick like David who picked up a stone. Me and you this evening let's take only a verse a scripture and this sickness will go away. The pastor may come, the sickness will go away. It doesn't matter the situation, it will go that will come forth. It doesn't matter your situation. The prophet of God has said that this evening everything is possible. You can be saved just like you can be healed. [Music] So, we're inviting the pastor who will do a word of prayer with a verse that each of us will take in their heart to conquer the enemy, to conquer the devil. It doesn't matter your situation. May God richly bless you. Praise God. Let's stand. [Applause] Do you have your scripture? Do you have your verse? You have it. You know, David was going through a trial one time in a scripture and the trial was so hard because he was coming from his own son. There was no time to go to the bush because the invasion was getting greater. And all he did, he just spoke. He said, "Lord, turn the council of Ahito into foolishness." Amen. That was it. And the man whose wisdom was like that say the Lord. If he say something, it always happened. That man wisdom was trouble by his simple prayer. Amen. God hide and he reveal himself in simplicity. He bring trial not to destroy you. After trial you'll be settled. You'll be refined. You'll be corrected because all there's no trial that can come in your life that is not connected to your purpose. Every trial in your life is aligned with your purpose. In other words, depending on what type of engine you are. That's the type of fire you going to go through. Stop comparing yourself with the next neighbor. Stop looking and say, "Why am I the only one going through this and everybody in the church is going through this?" You don't know what everybody's going through. Amen. Somebody might be healthy in the body, but spiritually they are disturbed. Somebody might be spiritually fine and they're struggling in the body. This gentle walk, it's an individual walk. It is between you and the Lord. Amen. Take that simple scripture. Take God at his word. God is simple. God is not complicated. God is the one that take the word that looks so complicated and break it down until you say, "Whoa, I see it right there." Because that is her purpose. That is his purpose. He hide it from the eyes of wise and prudent and he revealed them to the babes, those that are predestinated. And once God revealed it, it doesn't belong to God anymore. According to the scripture, it belongs to you. Take that verse, apply it to your trouble. Right? Maybe you have applied many time you say I did it over and over and over and over it doesn't work. Brother Brandham talked to us about I believe it was Benjamin Franklin. If not it's Thomas Edison the one who tried many I don't know how many wires tried tried tried today that man is dead for years we still enjoying what the man discover. Amen. Your persistence will save your family. Your perseverance will save your children. If you give up, maybe you're the one God have chosen to hold the entire family together. And because of you, the family standing. Take that simple, very simple smooth stone. He took five. He didn't use all five. He just used one and one took care of the job. There's so many scripture in this Bible. Maybe one is important to be anointed tonight according to what he spoke so we can bring our Goliath down. Let's pray. You pray on your own and use your scripture. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight. Father, thanking you for your grace, thanking you for your love, thanking you for your mercy, for coming down and speaking to our soul, Father. Lord, you the author of this walk. You're the one that started this journey, Lord. And we thank you because you are not only alpha, but you you are also omega, Lord. Father, we come in obedience to your word as you spoke to us, Lord Father, tonight to take, Lord, Father, that simple stone, that simple passage of the scripture and destroy what seems to be, Lord, Father, standing in our ways for years, a great Goliath that has been threatened for days and days until, Lord, Father, the entire house is terrified because of this demon. Lord, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that your mercy goes among every family members of this church, those that are here and those that are streaming online. May Lord, Father, every devil from every house Lord, any stronghold that has been built around Lord be completely destroyed and may you set Lord Father your children free Lord there is not a time too late Lord. Father Lord when the disciple thought that Peter was gone at the very eve Lord Father that he could be killed Lord you send your angel and deliver him Lord Father I don't know who is in a tight situation that needed a touch and help from thee Lord Father I pray that you come down Lord and lift up the banner upon your children Lord may you provide the healing may you provide the solution may you provide the deliverance may you provide the Holy Spir spirit because the hour is very late when we see everything that is going around the world Lord. Father we can see Lord that our departure from this earth to meet you into the air is very near and close Lord. Father I pray that you take the building project unto the hand. You are Jehovah Jara Lord. You the one Lord that started the work and finish it. Lord as you have started may you provide and lead everything. Lord, we thank you for another inspection that we have passed this week, Lord, because every step it is taking, Lord, Father, your grace, Lord, Father, upon this church to give us victory from one side to another, Lord. Father, may you strengthen and give us travel mercy, Lord, as we will go to our respective place. May you protect us, Lord, and take the remaining of the weak unto their hand. Remove everything that the devil is trying, Lord, Father, to attack your children, Lord. We pray that you Lord strengthen brother Pony, strengthen brother Albert Lord. Father may you bless them Lord. Father remember also the desire of their heart Lord as they are giving themsel Lord to unto the uh service of your kingdom. Lord, I remember the musician, Lord, always on point of duty, always making an effort to be on time to make sure, Lord, Father, they are fresh and they are ready, Lord, to render you, Lord, the worship according, Lord, Father, to the desire of your heart, Lord. May you bless every single musician, Lord. May you give them the desire of their heart, Lord. Father, may you remember the technician back there. May you remember, Lord, Father, the trustee and the deacon and the treasurer, Lord. May you remember every family in this church, Lord. May you look at those requests that they have been waiting for years, Lord. Father, may Lord, something trouble you tonight, Lord. Like King Ahazarus was trouble, Lord, until they were no sleep, Lord. And they have to bring the chronicle, Lord. And from the chronicle, Lord, Father, you took it to bring, Lord, Father, a victory for Morai, Lord. Father, we are the modern morai Lord that you have chosen Lord Father in this time Lord I pray Lord may you look Lord Father in your book of remembrance Lord. Father may you bring Lord Father something and come down to our life Lord and free your children Lord remember Lord Father what you spoke to us according to John 9. Lord, Father, bring Lord, Father, glory unto all the trial and the tribulation and Lord, Father, the difficulty that you have allowed to come to our life, Lord. May you, Lord, Father, who changes the curses unto a blessing for Israel, Lord. Father, under the atonement of a physical lamb, Lord, but now we have the spiritual one, the perfect Lord. Father, not the the the the tap, but the antitap itself, Lord. Father, may you come down and grant unto us, Lord, the desire of our heart, Lord. Father, we humbly ask it, Lord. Father, according to your word, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Go ahead, bless it. The tri the pool I felt was more than I Sers are giving over the strength of myself just [Music] something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully. Overcome my trident, [Music] giving me victory. [Music] He's a reality. Something keep holding me [Music] before me. his temptation of his desire to steal away my [Music] foundation [Music] the strength I need to keep [Music] [Applause] Something is holding me. Every day I see he's holding me faithfully to overcome my tri. He's got me constantly. Every story is a reality. Something is holding me. Jesus. Jesus is holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's got me constantly giving me victory. He's a reality. Jesus keeps calling me. Jesus. Jesus keeps calling me. Every day I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's got giving me victory. He's a reality. Jesus keeps holding me. Jesus. Jesus keeps holding me. Every day I see me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guided me constantly. Giving me victory. He's a reality. Jesus is holy. He's a reality. Jesus keeps holding me. [Music] He's a reality. Jesus keeps holding me. Search me, oh God, and know my heart today. [Music]
