################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - Cheerful Givers - Bro Richard Douglas - Richard Douglas.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   Cheerful Givers - Bro Richard Douglas
Speaker: Richard Douglas
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K1wxbwtfv2c
========================================

exceedingly abundantly above all that we could do or think. Is it wonderful? Now, tomorrow morning is breakfast. And I asked Brother Parker if I was to speak at that breakfast. And trying to get away from it, but he said no. And I was supposed to say a few words. And then tomorrow night, I want to try, the Lord willing, to preach, bring a little message. And I don't think I'll try again like last night because I felt real bad sitting here before teachers and renowned teachers who knows theologians like Dr. Lee Vale and all these other brethren here who I know my graduates and so forth and studied the Bible and trained in that and each senior try to bring a message of that type. I thought I'd come to pray for brother Parker's sick children. So I better stay on that line. So we are here to help. Now tonight I I want to try to speak and read some scripture so that it won't take me too long about 30 minutes or something. Then I want to pray for you sick people tonight. Just believe. Now anybody knows that human beings can't do these things. It's impossible. See and it's got to be the spirit of God. Amen. And so we the only thing we can do is pray for the sick, I can't heal anyone because you're already healed. Amen. If anybody tells you that they can heal you, that's wrong. See, if anybody tells you they can save you, that's wrong. You're all saved anyhow. See, you only thing you have to is just accept it. You accept what Jesus did for you. He was wounded for your transgressions with his stripes. You were [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise God. Amen and amen. Can we be upstanding tonight? Even as we commit the service into the hands of the Lord and ask that the Lord himself take preeminence tonight, can we all bow down our heads and in one spirit let us ask the Lord to take prereeminence. Father in the name of Jesus, we bless your name, Lord. We give you all the glory, Lord. Father, you deserve every worship, every praise, Lord. You deserve Lord Jesus every glory Lord lifted up unto you Lord. Father we just want to thank you Lord for our lives. We just want to thank you God for being with us Lord. We just want to thank you Lord for taking us through everything God that we have to go through Lord Jesus. God and father bringing us here God tonight Lord Jesus. to God. Some of us had to go through traffic, Lord Jesus. Go through all kind of situations, Lord. But, Father, you made it an opportunity for us to come to your presence, Lord. And we just want to thank you, Lord Jesus. We just want to thank you for your blessings. We just want to thank you, Lord Jesus, for providing for us, Lord Jesus. God, we just want to thank you for daily keeping us, Lord Jesus, in your word, Lord. We give you all the glory, Lord. Father, we've come to your presence, Lord. We ask father for your mercies Lord. We ask for your forgiveness Lord Jesus. If there be anything Lord in our lives Lord that is a hindrance Lord tonight Lord we ask Lord may you forgive us Lord Jesus. Cleanse us Lord Jesus once more with your blood Lord Jesus God. And Lord we ask Father may you take prevenence tonight Lord Jesus. Set the atmosphere Lord for your minister Lord. And Father we ask Lord may you use him mighty Lord. We are in your presence Lord to hear your voice once more Lord take absolute control Lord may you touch every one of us Lord Jesus. Oh God and every need tonight Lord Jesus we ask Father Lord you are the provider God of all our needs Lord Jesus we know before we leave you Lord whatever we have need of Lord you've already provided Lord we thank you Lord and we bless you we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. [Music] We just want to thank these songs. Amen. And worship the Lord tonight. Amen. Let it. [Music] Let it. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. [Music] Open the flates of heaven. Let it praise. Let it rain. [Music] Open the floodgates. [Music] Open the valley. Oh, [Music] the gates of [Music] Open the flood of [Music] Open the sun. [Music] Open the flag. [Music] Open the body of heat. [Music] Open the flag of heaven. [Music] Let it rain. [Music] Open the flates of heaven. [Music] Let it rain. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. Open the floodgates of heaven. Let me [Music] open the flame. [Music] Hey, [Music] let me [Music] open the days. [Music] Open the floodgates of heaven. Let it rain. Let it rain. [Music] Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. [Music] Fill us with your power. [Music] Live inside of me. [Music] Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your power. [Applause] [Music] I [Music] never [Music] [Music] Take control. Welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence. [Music] Feel us in your way. [Music] One more time. Oh, you are the living [Music] take on [Music] Welcome. [Music] We are in your presence. Feel your way. [Music] Welcome Holy Spirit. One more time. Welcome Holy Spirit. [Music] We are in your presence. [Music] Feel your power. [Music] Lord, I want to love you more than I ever had before. You're so easy to adore. Lord, I want to love you more. Lord, I want to love you more. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] You're so easy to [Music] love. I want to praise you. I want to praise you. and I ever [Music] you're so worthy to be praised. Lord, I want to praise you. Lord, I want to give you more without the music. But I want to give you more than I ever have before. You're the one I'm living for. Lord, I want to love you more. Oh, I want to thank you, Lord. I want to thank you. [Music] I ever before. You're so easy to [Music] Lord. I want to thank you. One last time. Lord, I want to love you more. Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before. You're so easy to adore, [Music] Lord. I want to love you more. [Music] Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's It's just beautiful to worship the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Want to take this song, this pray songs. Amen. I like the old time way. Amen. I believe in in that kind of old time singing and shouting where you don't think about who is beside you. Amen. Where we forget about tiredness. Amen. We just want to praise the Lord tonight. Amen. I like the old time. Shall we? I like the time. I like the time. I like the time. I like the time. I like the time shouting. I like the time. I like the singing praise. I like the way I sing about my everywhere I go. Everywhere I go everywhere I go. I sing about my savior. Oh, I sing about my savior. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I sing about myior. Everywhere I go, I enjoy my I like the time. I like the time shining. I like the time. I like the time singing, shouting, preaching. I like the way I sing. I'll sing about my savior. Everywhere I go, everywhere I go, everywhere I go, I see about myself. Everywhere I go, for joy, joy in my soul and it's coming down, down, down. It's coming down. The glory of the Lord is coming down. [Music] break down his way. Oh, the glory of the Lord is coming down. It's coming down. It's coming down. Down. It's coming down. The glory of the Lord is coming down. When the saint is for the Lord, for the glory of the Lord is coming. Is coming. Oh, he's coming down, down, down. He's coming down. The glory of the Lord is coming down. Savior is pray for the Lord. For the glory of the Lord is coming down. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. Come to glorify. Oh glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, magnify. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magy the name of the Lord. I came to magy name. Oh, glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh magnify. I came to magy his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord. To magnify his name. I never get weary. I never get weary. I never get weary praising my Jesus. I never get weary. Never get we don't know. I never get weary. I never get weary. Praising my Jesus. I never get shouting. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting praising my knees. I feel like shouting. Feeling feel like shouting now. Feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting praising my Jesus. Feel like I'm singing. I feel like singing now. I feel like singing now. I feel like singing praising my Jesus. Feel like singing. I feel like singing now. I feel like singing now. I feel like singing praising my Jesus. I feel like I feel like shouting. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting praising my feeling. Feel like I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting now. I feel like shouting praising my feeling. I feel like shouting. I feel like shouting now. I feel I shout now. I do. I shout praising my Jesus. Do I shout? Do I shout? I do. I shout now. I do. I shout now. I do. I shout praising my Jesus. Do I shout now? He's burn over me. His bare on me is love. is brought me to his birth when he is better over me. His love is better is better over me. His love is better over me. is coming into his hand is better over me. Oh, his love is better over me. His love is brought me to his home. It is better over me. Oh, his glory. His love. It is better over me. His love. It is me. One more time. Oh, his brother is better over me. His love is better over me. His love is me to his great is better over me. His word is better over me. His love is better over me. His love is me to respect [Music] all. It is better over you. It is better over me. His love is better over me. His love. Amen. And amen. Amen. and his banner over us, his love. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. I've got um one special tonight. Amen. And before that, we have a prayer request. Amen. And it raised this way. Said, "Pray for Luther Dishman. It's a pastor in Kentucky. Prayer for brother Armus son David Longoriah. David Longoriah has cancer stage four. Longoria. Amen. As cancer stage four. Prayer for the child's family in this loss. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So we bring this prayer request to the Lord. Amen. Brother David. Amen. And then the childish family. Amen. And then the pastor in Kentucky. Amen. So we ask that the Lord will just see them through. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's right. One day he was in a very bad car and he told the car about the car. Amen. Amen. And we ask the Lord to make a way for that family. Amen. Amen. Brother Khala, do you mind? Amen. Bring before the Lord a prayer request tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand as we bow our heads and bring these knees to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you, Father, for your presence among us already. You said in your word that where two or three would be gathered, there you would be in their midst, Lord. And here we are more than three, Father. And we thank you for the presence that we feel already. Thank you, oh God, because you are the God that answer prayer. So, Father, we've heard the different requests that went before you. It's not that we may hear, but that you may hear because you are the most important one among us, Father. May you take each and every one of them, Lord. Oh father god and and and father extend your mercy upon this individual this brother father who almost lost his life but by your grace the accident was so tremendous according to brother John oh father god the car total and people looking at how did he survive father we know how he survived is because of you and your angel father now may you go father god and touch his body lord Remember brother Dishman oh God in Kentucky the pastor been serving you for oh father god all of these years now he has need of your touch may you touch his body father whatever the need is oh god and the other oh father god uh request I do not remember it right now but you know all things lord may you father god respond positively to them take our service now tonight father continue to bless us bless the minister that'll be bringing forth your word tonight. Father, may you take the offering, Father, the giver. Lord, may you bless it for the advancement of your kingdom. Remember our little assembly, the work that we're doing here, Father. Replenish the basket, as the pastor always say, oh Father God, the expression of our faith through the works that we do. Lord, may you bless us all together now as we give the service back into your hand in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. And Amen. We've got a special tonight from Sister Yabed. Amen. So, invite Sister Yoked. Amen. [Music] God bless you, saints. [Laughter] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] The storms of life may blow. We've got to be prepared for them by doing what God tells us to do. We hear the word that strengthens us when the storms of life comes. [Music] But faith will rise to the occasion. So when the storms of life gather, let the anchor hold within the veil. sent to test your revelation. On Christ the solid rock we stand. The storms of life will not shake us because the anchor holds. [Music] The rock of revelation will stand. The storms of life may blow. We've got to be prepared for them by doing what God tells us to do. [Music] We hear the word that strengthens us when the storms of life comes. But the faith will rise to the occasion. Oh, for when the storms of life gather, let the anchor hold within the veil. It's sent to test your revelation. On Christ the sudden rock we stand. The storms of life will not shake us because the anchor holds. The rock of revelation will stand. [Music] God wants my team of valor prepare for comat. [Music] We're Christ mighty Gentile warriors when the storms of life come. So lift up your arms and praise God for he has counted us worthy to stand for him in this day. So when the storms of life gather, let the anchor hold within the veil, it's sent to test your revelation. On Christ the solid rock we stand. The storms of life will not shake us because the anchor holds. The rock of revelation will stand [Music] where God's mighty gentile warriors prepare for come back by doing what God tells us to do. [Music] We're God's mighty men of valor when the storms of life come. So lift up your arms and praise God for he has counted us worthy to stand for him in this day. So when the stones of life gather, let the anchor hold within the veil, it's sent to test your revelation. On Christ the solid rock I stand. The storms of life will not shake us because the anchor holds. The rock of revelation will stand. So when the storms of life gather, let your anchor hold within the veil. It's sent to test your revelation. On Christ the solid rock will stand. The storms of life will not shake us because the anchor holds. The rock of revelation will stand. [Music] The rock of revelation. Christ the solid rock we stand. Amen. And amen. Amen. So, we're going to take the songs and invite the pastor tonight. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. [Music] Regardless of the challenges in our lives, Amen. We are bound for higher ground. Amen. I believe we've sung this song before, but u we're going to sing it tonight. Amen. I'm bound. I'm bound for higher ground. Ain't no devil going to keep me down. I'm glad you say I'm on my way. I'm bound for higher ground. Oh, I'm bound. I'm bound for higher ground. Ain't no devil going to keep me down. I'm glad to say I'm on my way. I'm bound. Oh, I am. Oh, I'm bound. I'm bound. I'm bound. For I am God. Ain't no devil can keep me down. I'm glad to say I'm on my way. I'm almost I'm bound for higher ground. Ain't no devil can keep me down. I'm glad to say I'm on my way. I'm bound for higher ground. Cast your burdens onto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens onto Jesus for he for higher higher. Jesus higher higher higher higher higher higher higher Jesus higher higher higher higher higher higher Jesus higher higher higher higher higher higher higher Jesus Also [Music] lower [Music] and lower. Oh higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher Jesus. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher than you love deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper. His love is deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper. His love is deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper. His love is deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper, deeper. His love is wider, wider, wider, wider, wider, wider, wider, wider, wider. His love is wonder. [Music] His love is wider. Wer. [Music] level. Super super super [Music] power supernatural power. Super super superal [Music] power. Oh, super super super power. Oh, super super super power. Oh, super super [Music] power. Super super super high. Higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher with Jesus. Oh. [Music] Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who do you lift higher? Jesus. So if it's Jesus, let's give him a big clap offering. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory to God. Everybody happy. Wow. What a traffic today for some reason. But by God's grace, we made it to church. Amen. Amen. Full of energy. Ready for the word. Amen. The devil is completely unveiled. Now you know the turn of the flesh, right? Amen. That's why we take pleasure in what? In persecution. We take pleasure in whatever is going on. We are still rejoicing. If you're still sad in the midst of trial, you need to go back and listen to the song to the service again. Amen. No matter what's going on, God is there to heal you. Amen. But this world is full of trouble. A man born of a woman, full of trouble. Amen. We will have persecution but know one thing that I have overcome the world. Amen. Normally we should want him to remove the tribulation. But he says I'm aware of the tribulation. I know you're going to have tribulation. I know you will have it. But just know one thing. In other words, remember one thing that even though you're going through trial, I have overcome the word. In other words, there is no trial we can go through that the Lord did not overcome. You know, everything that we going through was packaged into the atonement. The atonement have everything packaging. The point is we just they have to believe the atonement and take our eyes off the symptom and the trouble and look at the cross and keep confessing. Everything will be all right because all things work together for what? Amen. Brother Brandham say even tension is a blessing. Yes sir. You want the quote again? Yes sir. Do you want the quote again? Even tension it's a blessing. Even the book the open book when you eat it it's sweet but when you begin to get to the gut it becomes bitter. But when it's bitter it's meaning that you are digesting the things correctly. Amen. So your trial has been measured. Yes sir. Predestinated and then they have been prepared and ordained for you. Amen. So you can take it because the scripture say you cannot have any anything higher than what you can handle. Amen. So whether it's a sickness, whether it's a thorn in the flesh, all of that, God is using everything to put it together. In other words, Paul, brother Brandham say when he told me he was do not fear. Brother Brandham said from there on he just keep moving and don't mind the devil that was following brother Brandham all the time that demon brother Brandham say when I go into every nation you remember the quote he said when I go he's there but after a while the the Holy Spirit always overcome him and then guess what what follow after that many souls are saved so it think so when you going to do something good and you feel the devil is there that's why Paul say whenever you want to do something evil is there amen And it's always there. When it's there, you know, okay, I'm doing something that is really bothering uh bothering him. Amen. God have everything under control. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So stay focused. Everything is okay. Don't mind the throne of the flesh. It's going to be there. It is for your blessing. And if you want the power of God to rest on you, don't mind that thing over there. Just know it's there. Amen. God is using that brother Brandham say to soften you, to humble you, to to bring you down, to make you remember who is the boss. If not, you go, you say everything is all right in my life. Nothing goes on. Say, look up. I am your portion. Amen. It's not by might nor by power, but it is by the Holy Spirit. Amen. So you keep remembering brother Chris and sister Rebecca and the family in prayer. The the funeral is scheduled for this uh weekend. Uh it's in uh Tennessee in Tennessee in Chattanooga if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it's in Tennessee. And then the viewing will be tomorrow on Thursday. So remember the family in prayer. If you can make it, no problem. Uh you need the address. We got all the information. But most of all, they need your prayer. especially brother Chris mother need your prayer. Amen. And another great news that I have is somebody yesterday gave me $3,000 for the building fund. Amen. Amen. Just came in envelope. So brother set I have it there after service you see me and I hand it quickly to the trustees and then you give it to the treasurer and we trying to get things paid off quickly because we've been using our card and moving with the card. Now we need to bring the card down. So everything is working together for good. You know that song praising you know you should do. Everything is working together for good. So don't worry about it. Just keep praying. Everything is there. And also in other news, should I say it? Yeah. The trusty want you to know. The city finally installed the tap up there. See what God is doing. Was it Monday or Tuesday? We had another inspection, electrical inspection. We passed again. You see? So a whole lot to do but who is this great mountain before Zerobel it shall became a plane. Amen. So pray pray pray and every step of the time we will continue to move by God's grace. God is doing great thing. If you look at the way God is beating the price down it is just a miracle because we could not even afford it. But somebody will come with this and then another person will come with something. Usually if somebody tells you 10,000 and this one tell you 8,000, it's a little bit closer. But that's not what we have. If you hear somebody 10,000, the next one might come with 3,000. This is what God is doing in this church. Somebody will come with 22 and the next one comes with uh 5,000. Another one say 14 and this one come with four 4,600. It's And I begin to learn, brother Robert, how to build my own house. [Laughter] Amen. Because you can spend so much money if God doesn't help you. You will spend a lot of money into things that if you go slowly with the Lord, you will cut down a lot of price and have we're not getting cheap stuff. It is correct expensive stuff. But it's just the grace of God with God. I don't even know how to explain it. It is just the grace of the Lord. So if you somebody who they say 5,000 boom this this you'll find yourself a million dollars up there. So keep praying, keep remembering brother set and then uh everything will be all right by God's grace. Amen. A lot of prayer because we bidding sometime against evil spirit and you can sense that this is the devil trying to block something here out of nowhere. Blockage blockage then finally it comes up. So prayer prayer prayer prayer. We know that the one who started the work will finish it himself. It is not our work. It is the work of the Lord. So everything is working together for good. So we greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ above visible and invisible audience. Any family member here, God richly bless you. I believe everybody. Sister Regina, good to see you. And if you see Sister Regina, you know who is preaching tonight, right? Welcome again, Sister Regina, God bless you. It has been a while. So by God's grace, we got an opening uh I mean an opening to get him. So brother Richie will be preaching for our convention tonight. Amen. Our Wednesdays are not regular service. So I'm a Wednesday at convention. So I don't preach. I let somebody else preach. So welcome to the convention. We say amen. Let's pull on the gift of the Lord and hear what the Lord want us to know. Amen. Forever my friend. Only believe. Oh believe. [Music] Oh, [Music] all things are possible. Holy believe. Only believe. All we believe. [Music] All things are passive. Only [Music] Lord I believe. Lord, [Music] I believe I believe [Music] all things are [Music] Lord. Let's [Music] sing it like this. Lord, I receive. Lord, I receive. Yes, Lord. [Music] I receive. [Music] Lord. [Music] Amen. Jesus is here. You believe that tonight? [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus [Music] is [Music] Yes, Lord. Jesus is here. [Music] All things are [Music] Jesus. Ain't you glad we can sing that tonight with confidence knowing that Jesus is here? Amen. Ain't you glad we know he's here because we bring him with us. The scripture says that every and the prophet taught us this too. said, "Every time two or three are gathered in his name, he's in the midst." Amen. Ain't that ain't we thankful for that? We got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for, so much to worship him for. We just want to give back to him what he's given to us. Amen. We want to do it with a cheerful heart. Amen. Amen. Would you turn with me? I want to greet y'all in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, Brother Josh. Since his blessings and his love to each and every one of you. And you know, we're just at home. So, I'm part of the family. So, not not an odd man. I'm just part of the family. You don't have to worry. God will come. Amen. God will do whatever he wants to do. I'm just here. Whatever you need tonight, though, I believe God, if you'll operate that gift, God will give you just what you need. I don't have no doubt about that. I don't have to stumble and worry about that because he said, Brother Brand said, "You operate the gift." God don't need my notes. He don't need my thoughts. What he needs you to do is to pull on the word. Amen. And I know you will because I know you how much y'all love the Lord and love the word. Amen. Turn with me to second Corinthians chapter nine. Yes, sir. Amen. And just got a little thought tonight. God loves a cheerful giver. [Music] That's what he loves. Don't love one that don't. If you love him, you'll be a cheerful giver. That's right. Amen. Cheerful. Yes, sir. Amen. and full of cheer and happiness and glad to do those things to edify the house of God and to edify the word of God and and to bless one another with. Listen what Paul begins to take begins to speak to us. Let's start at verse six here in chap 2 Corinthians chapter nine. Yes sir. Listen to this. But this I say, he which sweth sparingly shall also sparingly shall reap also sparingly. That's right. And he which sawth bountifully shall also shall reap also bountifully. That's right. every man according to his purpose in his heart. So let him give not grudgingly or of necessity for the for God loveth a cheerful giver. Let's pray. Praise God. Father God, in the name of Jesus, the son of the living God, Lord, Father, Lord, we've come here to give my gift to you, Lord, that you might come and operate this gift for your children, Lord. Father, that you might set your children's hearts on fire, Lord. Father, they've come to give you praise, honor, and glory. So, Father, it's a it's a it's a position that we have as believers to give because you give. We are givers, too, because we are your sons and daughters. So, Father, come now and give your Holy Spirit, Lord. Father, I pray you'd move in such a way, God, that it wouldn't be the be a words of a man, but it'd be the words of God speaking through a man. Father, I give you myself, Lord. Father, that you might be edified in this service tonight that you might take preeminence and take complete control of this service. Lord, touch our sister now in Jesus name. Amen and amen. You may be seated. I love how Paul begins to tell begins to talk to us about this as he begins to tell he's talking to believers now. He's not talking to unbelievers. Paul is addressing believers. Amen. He said, "But this I say, he which seweth sparingly, That's right. shall reap also sparingly." Yes, sir. And he which seweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully. Amen. It says every man as he purposed in his heart. See, there has to be a purpose. There has to be something in there that has made you cheerful to want to give back because we've received so much from God that we are to be a cheerful giver back to him. We are to be so thankful that God has given you this sanctuary that you might come and express your love and worship to Jesus Christ. That's what we're here for because we are cheerful children. We're not sorrowful children. We're not. We don't have those things. No, sir. We are happy to be Christians. God has called me and you with a purpose. He has predestinated us. He has elected us. He gave that we might give. He said, "Freely I give unto you. Freely you give unto others." And if you want to get somewhere with God, you must be a cheerful giver. That's what's wrong around the world is too much taking and not enough giving. Whatever we need to do to God is to fellowship him and be thankful and give him our praise, give him our worship, give him our time. But I think sometimes we get so caught up we forget to be thankful and give back to him. Just like Nebuchadnezzar. Remember he made that mistake over there in Daniel chapter 3. He become unthankful. He began to think this is my kingdom. I have done this. He forgot to be cheerful that God had given him this kingdom. God had set him over this. God had done this. But then when he began to exalt himself, then God gave him the heart of a beast. Brother, that's what's wrong with this world. They forgot to give God praise for everything. This nation was formed on Christianity, but they have failed to give back the cheer and the glory back to God. And he, brother Brandon said, when you don't give cheer to God, he said, then God will give you a heart of a beast. He'll give you the heart of the world. And brothers and sisters, I believe if we really love God like we should, we need to get off of those cell phones and quit looking at them more than we do praying. If you love God, you'll show him you love him. We getting such so caught up in the things of this world that traps us. Why do you think they call it a worldwide web? To trap you. To trap your mind, to show you all the bad things, to take away the joy in your heart, to take away the spirit of God in your life. Glory be to God. Hallelujah. That's where we fail. We fail to edify God through cheer. Cheer means to be happy, to be thankful, to be gracious. What about that? Paul said, but they knew God, but they glorified him not as God, brothers and sisters. We see a lot of that around the message. They know God, but they don't glorify him as God. So, they can't worship him in spirit and in truth. That's right. And the Bible said, "And they became unthankful." That's right. And with unthankfulness come a dark heart. A heart full of sadness. A heart full of Oh my goodness. A heart full of amnesia. Forgetting where you come from. That's right. You wouldn't be here today if God wouldn't give you breath in your body. [Music] You're to thank him this tonight that he woke you up this morning in your right mind. with a world full of oh my a world full of neurotic see in the house of God he expects us to be thankful he expects that of us he wants us to be cheerful not just I'm not here to preach on tithes and offer but you should be cheerful when you give you should be givers [Applause] if you ain't a giver then you you've not got a revelation of who God is. The Bible tells me, "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that people like me and you might be saved." Glory. Hallelujah. The problem is is people are not cheerful hearers of the word no more. Nor are they cheerful doers of the word. Therefore, they cannot come in the house of God with a cheerful heart. Happy are we if we know these things. We should be happy. We shouldn't be sad. No, sir. We got so much to be thankful for. So much. You know what? There's many, many forms of being cheerful, being a cheerful giver. Not just in your in your money and your tithes. I mean, God, I don't know where I'm going to go with this, Brother Steve, but I'm going to go anyway. I'm going to jump in there anyway. God only asked you for 10%. 10% 10%. He could ask for 90 and be just [Applause] We act like it's such a hard thing to give. Huh? 10%. God. That's where we get in trouble. We grumble and complain about giving. You hear people, they'll say, "Well, I don't want to give that man my money." You don't have a revelation. You're not giving your tithes to Brother Steven. You're giving your tithes to Jesus Christ. I don't know why people have such a trouble with that, a trouble in giving. When he said, "Freely I give to you, freely you give to others. Hallelujah. Do you know what? Even even sons and daughters of God have to be willing to be a cheerful giver in the way they approach God. Yes, sir. Do you know we're brother Brand said, when you're living your life for others, can I say it like this? When you give your life for others, you're staring heaven in the face. Our problem is we're giving our life for our own self-edification or our own ministry. That's right. When we should be giving it for God to bring glory to God, not to man. God didn't send a man a message to glorify man. God sent a message to glorify himself. Yes, my brother. That's true. We will be instructed with these things. He gave gifts. Can we turn over to the scripture and be patient with me? Take your time. Amen. We always get in such a hurry. Hold the preacher. He time's running out. Oh my goodness. We got to go. We got to go. I wonder if Jesus thought that way toward us. What if he had thought that way toward us? Huh? I just don't have time for them. I I've got just a little bit. I've got three and a half years here. Think about it. But he wasn't worried about that. He was willing to give his time that we might receive time. Now, what are we going to do without our time? The Bible says, "Redeeming the time for the days are short." Glory be to God. Turn with me over to 1 Corinthians chapter 12. Yes, my brother. Verse 25 through. And look at these gifts he gave these. Now listen, listen to what he says here. Yes, my brother. He says, look at what he I just want to start right here at 25. Will that be all right? Yes, sir. He said that there should be no shism in the body, no contention, no jealousy, no malice, don't you know when God blesses one of your brothers or one of your sisters, he's blessing you? We got so many people being jealous about certain ministers or ministry or God blessing somebody else. If you had a revelation, you'd know when God blesses them, he's blessing you because you're part of the body. When the stomach receives food, sir, it supplies the whole body. Hallelujah. No shism in the body. But the members should have the same care for one another. That's a gift. Cheerful. Same care. You should wear it. We should We should love one another. We should care about one another. That's it. Listen to this. And whether one member suffer, that's right. All the members suffer. Wait a minute. That brother, he deserved that. Oh, really? Really? Oh my. Then you go tell God, "Give me what you what I deserve." God, he'll say hell. Uhhuh. That's right. You want what you deserve. That's right. Brothers and sisters, the grace of God has stopped us from going to hell. And even we get so bold sometimes. God, you owe me this. God don't owe you nothing. That's right. You owe him everything. Amen. You're indebted to him to your love. That's right. Yes, my brother. Listen to this. One by one member suffers. Yes, sir. He said all the members suffer. He said or one member be honored. Oh my I just don't like the way my goodness that that I'm going to preach now. That preacher, I'm telling you, they sure give him a lot more honor than they do me. Praise God. I'm not here to be honored by man. Hey, if there be any honor, let God give the honor. Let God give the glory. Let God lift us up. Hallelujah. Listen to this. What? Hey, watch. The power of God is so beautiful. Amen. Be cheer. And again, I say rejoice. Give honor. All the members rejoice with it with it. Not against it. That's what Satan That's what got him in trouble. That's right. When he was in heaven and that God was getting the glory and the honor and the praise, Satan did not give honor. So he had to be cast out because jealousy, iniquity was found in his heart. Amen. Let me tell you what there. None of us are no good. We want to come with a prideful heart and say, "God, you owe me. He owes you nothing. We owe him everything." Brother Brown said, "He can put you away anytime he wants to. Anytime he wants to, let's don't get so spiritually swole up that we think we can't fall." That's what happened to Nebuchadnezzar. Yeah. And God, you know, the prophet when he bring that vision and he began to tell him the interpretation of vision, the the interpretation told him said, "If you won't do these things, this thing won't happen." But the Bible said he got lifted up in his heart, right? And he said, "Look what I've done. Look at this. Look at what I've done." We see it all the time. When a man starts saying, "Look what I did." That's a red light to me. I'm saying, "Wait a minute." Yes, sir. The only reason we do anything is because the grace of God. [Applause] Amen. He said now ye are the body of Christ. Uhhuh. And members in in particular. Yes sir. He said and God has set forth in the church. Yes sir. First apostles, secondary prophets, thirdly teachers, right? And after the miracles and the gifts of healings and helps and governments and diversities of gifts, are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all workers of miracles? Have all the gifts of healing? Do all speak with tongues? But look at what he said. He said, "Cove earnestly the best gifts, right? And yet I show unto you a more excellent way. I show you how to love." Let's go right to jump to 13 right here. Listen, listen to this. He said, "Though I speak with tongues of men and angels and have not charity, I am become a sounding brass or a tinkling symbol." Right. He said, "And though I have the gift of prophecy and understand all mysteries, people just think, well, oh, well, I know God sent a prophet." That's not it. He's told telling you, "You better have the love of God in your heart." He said, "And have all knowledge, though I have faith so that I could remove mountains and have not charity, I am nothing." That's right. Nothing without the love of God. Amen. The love of God is God's gift to me and you. Yes, sir. Right out of the heart of God, brother Brown said, "Walk Jesus Christ." Satan had never seen God expressed through love. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why he gave. Amen. That's what that's how that he said, you'll know that you're my disciples, that you have love one for another, that you care for one another, that you listen at this. He said, ' And though I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, "Though I give my body to be burned and have not charity, it profit me nothing." Right? If you preach and you don't have the love of God in your heart for the people, you're nothing. You're unprofitable servant. Brother says, "There's three things that a preacher must have. Faith, hope, and charity in every ministry." That's right. Faith for all things, hope for the people, and love for all. Hallelujah. Listen. He said, "Oh my." Here we go. Yes, sir. He said, "Charity sufferth long and is kind." Well, me kind. Why should I be kind? That brother ain't never done that for me. Praise God. You're not here for that brother to do something for you. When you going to understand servitude? When you going to give? Give till it hurts. [Applause] A sacrifice without any any kind of effort with it is no good. God won't accept it. It has to have effort. Something you have to Oh my. Give. And he'll get back unto you. Hallelujah. What more does he give us than eternal life? Hallelujah. Lord, listen to this. Thank you, Lord. Charity envth not. Charity is cheerful. Love's a cheerful giver. Yes, Lord. We got to understand that the love of God is cheerful. Look at all the Indian and all that among the brothers and sisters. I wish that was brother Stephen. You know what? God showed me something about that about that. You know what? If I was Brother Steven, then God wouldn't need Brother Steven. Because God don't need two, brother Stevens. God needs one, brother Stevens. And so I would rather God not need me than not need him. That's the way you have to do it. That's the way we must do it. Say, God, I'm willing to step. What it is is people have, you know what, people have lost their ability to be charity with a cheerful heart, to be happy. Amen. We're I've never seen so many Christian walk around so sad. This is the greatest hour. I'm like, what are you sad about? I'm fixing to get a new body. I'm fixing to get out of here. Why should we be sad? Why have you lost your countenance? Huh? I like what Paul said. He said, "You did run well." Uhhuh. What's hindering us? Uh-huh. What about when God first got a hold of you in your life? That's right. And you were so charitable. You was willing to do anything for God. Hallelujah. But we sat around on our stools all this time and got to where we didn't want to do nothing anymore. We want God to do everything and we do nothing. God loves a cheerful giver. Anything you do, you better be happy doing it. Yes, sir. You say, "Well, I give my tithe. I give this. If it makes you sad, then you ain't give nothing. I'm glad that God has given me the ability to have something to give. Jesus died and gave something to you so you could give something back. [Music] Listen to this. Hallelujah. Envi not. Uhhuh. Charity vineth not itself. That's right. Is not puffed up. That's right. Brother Brown said he preached the word and he said the people was so like a toad eating butt shop. Yes, sir. Your attitude tells me whether you're a cheerful giver or not. And you don't leave. You don't give expecting to get back. [Applause] Yes, sir. Everybody wants I'll give if I get something out of it. That's this world's attitude. But you forget you're not of this world. You're no longer your own. You've been bought with a price. Yes, sir. People are so so reluctant to give Amen. obedience to God. That's why we see so many people who profess to be message believers and they're not because they was not willing to obey the word. They are message believers in their mind but not in their heart. Huh? Then why? If you are in your heart, then why do you complain about the things in the me? Oh, you can't do this, brother Steve. I can't go there. I can't do this. I can't do I can't wear this. I can't wear that. That's not a cheerful heart. I'm glad he asked me to do something and I'm willing to do it. He said his commandments are not grievious. I've never thought of it being that way. If you if you do, then you've got the wrong spirit. It's we ought to be thankful that he calls us sons and daughters and he's willing. He's got confidence in you to ask you to do something and you do it willingly. I love what brother Brown said about Enoch. He said he walked with God, talked with God, he said, but he never disputed with him about his word. Hallelujah. We got so many people fighting over this and fighting over that, promoting their own ministries and promoting one another. If you ain't promoting Jesus Christ, you made a major mistake. The Bible said, "If I be lifted up, not a man," that's what this message did. It lifted up Jesus Christ. Ain't you thankful for that? Listen to this. He said, "Do not behave itself unseemingly, saketh not her own, is not easily provoked, thinkketh no evil." Well, man, you just don't know. You just don't know how that brother, that sister treated me. So, what's wrong with that? Huh? That's what's wrong. That's what's wrong with us. Huh? You know why they did that? Cuz God allowed them to do that. That's remember when they come to brother Bram and said, "Brother Bram, didn't you hear what that man said about you?" He said, "Oh, brother, that was ordained before the foundation of the world. You need it." What people need to do is go back and listen to what the prophet said. Huh? A reaction to an action. Remember, this life is an action. It's according to how you react to it. Huh? Did Job react the wrong way? I admire Job. Here's a man that didn't then had the Holy Ghost in it like we do. Here's a man in a They come to him and told all these things happened to him, Brother John. And the Bible said he did not accuse God falsely. Do you know what he did in that time? That's where we get in trouble. In your troubles, in your trials, you fail to thank God. Because he had confidence in you. That's why he put you through those things. It said he fell on his face and he said, "The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh. Blessed be the name of the Lord." We're awful happy when it's being given. But when it's taken is when we show who we really are. Do you know even your own kids are not your own? They're only God that God give you to be stewards over them. I am I am such a blessed man. to have been under the fifth gospel where my mother taught me about Jesus. Sisters, we better teach our children. If you don't teach them, somebody will. That's right. That's right. If you don't love them, somebody else will. If you don't lead them, somebody else will. That's right. And we lead by example. Listen to this. Yes, sir. Does not mis does not behave itself unseemingly. Brother Steve, you just don't know. You just don't know what I'm going through. Maybe I don't. I bet you don't know what Jesus went through to save you, do you? You've not been through that. I've never seen none of us in here get beat with a whip. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. I've never seen one of us put on a cross. I've never seen one of us get pierced with a spear in the sun. But he did all of that. Amen. He was such a giving God that even when he in his in his flesh, he had these beautiful powerful words. Amen. He said, "If it be your will, Father, Yes, sir. then let this cup pass." But nevertheless, that's the way we are to pray through our trials and our tribulations. If it be glory to God, if it be your will, God, if it be your will to take this off of me, then do it. But if you don't, God, I'm going to praise you anyway. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's how you act. It's your attitude. It's your behavior in the trial. My brother, did did Abraham dispute God when he said, "Give me Isaac." You know what? He didn't even have a scripture. Never had nowhere in the Bible where God ever required the offering of a human body. [Applause] But he was testing him if he was going to be cheerful through the trial, if he was going to give. That's why we don't get to Amen. like brother Brown preached. We possess the gate of the enemy after the trial. After the trial. That's it. Because you have to do the same thing that Abraham did. Amen. He willingly took his son even though he knows. Yes, sir. He had a revelation that had God, he knew that if God had given his son as one from the dead, he was more than able to raise him from the dead. Amen. And I like how that says over here in the scripture, it says, "Now that I see Abraham that you was willing, not you was cheerfully going to give him to me cuz you was willing to give me your son. Then I can bless you after the trial. I say now you love me. That's what God is trying to us. We're Don't Everybody's in in under trials. Everybody's under attack right now. That's right. That's right. It's your attitude while you're going through it. Yes, sir. Whether you're cheerful or you ain't cheerful. He didn't say there wouldn't be no afflictions. He said, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous." But there's a word there that connects to a promise. But I am sir, the Lord thy God that deliverth them out of them all. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory be to God. Listen, not misbehave itself unseemly, seeketh not a wrong. Oh, brother, we ought to listen to this now. Huh? We're not here to seek our own. We're here to seek his will. Oh, glory be to God. Is not easily provoked. That's right. Boy, we can preach there for a while. We seem like everything provokes everybody. Everybody thinks everybody's against everybody. And the only one that's against them is Satan, and they don't realize it. That's right. How foolish we are. That's right. That's right. How foolish we are. That's right. Oh my. Ain't you thankful for the grace of God? Think no evil. Amen. If you got evil thoughts in your mind, you need to pray. And I better be glad. I hear people say, "Better be glad I'm a Christian. I'd give you a piece of my mind. I said, "Brother, don't waste your time. You ain't got none because the Bible tells me, let this mind, not that mind. Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ." If you got the mind of Christ, you know what? I love what the prophet told us about Jesus. He said he walked unconscious to criticism. Boy, somebody criticizes us. Oh, bless God. I I'm going to shake that man's hand. He ought to treat me better than that. Really? You know how I break that? When I feel that spirit coming on me, Brother Robert, if I think I've said something to you and there's contention or some kind of sh between me and you, well, there'd be none there at all. I'm going to go to brother Robert and say, "Brother Robert, will you forgive me? Have I said anything to you? Have I done anything? to bring separation between me and you. Have I done anything to break the brotherhood we have in Christ? But people are too proud to say they're sorry. And we know pride cometh before a fall. That's right. Listen to this. Says, "Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoicth in the truth." That's exactly right. Amen. With the truth we have, we're to be so happy, Brother Kelly. So thankful. What he's given us. Yes, my brother. He's given me and you a ticket out of here. That's right. Hallelujah. Ain't you thankful for that? He said he gave these things to us. What did he say? He said he gave Brother said he gave the five-fold ministry. Yes, sir. For the perfecting of the saints. That's right. That's the ministry. Not a man. That's a gift. Yes, sir. Not a man. A man's a man, but a gift's a gift. And that gift is to dress the bride with the word. Not with your ideas, not with your doctrine, not with your revelation. I can see right now, you're not a unic. If you preach any other gospel than what's already being preached, right? We have no seat to sow. All we do is water the seed that's already been sown. We had a message that swed the seed. The spoken word is the original seed. And we're recipients of seeing that spoken a word being made alive in this hour. Amen. Listen to what? Let's look at the rich young ruler just for a minute. I had never I never really looked at giving this way, brother Stephen. I never really looked at him in this way. But you know what his failure was? Right? He failed to give. Huh? Do you know your eternal life can hinge on your giving? But he sold it out because he was unwilling to give. That's right. He said, "I've done." He had the testimony. I've kept every commandment. I've done all these things. He said, "But thou lackest one thing. Sell all you have and give to the poor and pick up your cross and follow Jesus. Think about that. And the and the key to it is is God made him rich. God made him rich or he'd never be rich. The Bible said he sets them up. He tears them down. But he was Oh, glory be to God. I'm gonna preach right now. is unwilling to give back what God gave him. That's what's wrong with a lot of people. They're unwilling to give back what God has given them. [Applause] Listening listening in Hosea 10:12. It says, "Sow yourselves in righteousness, reap in mercy. break up your father ground for it is time to seek the Lord till he come and reign righteousness upon you. Ain't you glad God sent a message? Amen. That they would be the five-fold ministry would come and under the anointing of God when we're not producing like we should, brother John. But the preaching of the word is tearing up the fall ground. When we become cold and indifferent and hard, somebody God sends somebody to tear up that ground that it might receive the water of the word. When the ground is hard, it won't receive the water. It just runs off of it, right? But it has to be tore up. Oh my. I like what the prophet said. He said, "You got to be willing to be broken so you can be made over." And be cheerful in the breaking. God help us. God help us. He said, "Hey, Jeremiah said, I'm going down to the potter's house." That's right. to be broken that I might be made over. You know what he was going down to be broken? His will, his desire, his ambitions. Well, brother Steve, you don't understand. I I I got to go. I'm going to college. I got things to do. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. There's nothing wrong with going to college. Nothing wrong with education. But if you put that before God, God's going to have to break your hollow ground, your fow ground. Uh-huh. Ain't you glad that the there was a servant Yes, sir. that when a church ain't blooming and the church ain't ain't going where it should be and the master come and told him said, "Let's just cut the tree down." He said, "Will you give me one more year?" One more year. How many years does God give us? And we're still unthankful for the mercy of God. We still sit in our own opinions and our own ideas by the leadership of our own spirit. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank God for men that preach this message. Thank God. Amen. Break up the fall ground means do not sow your seed among the thorns. Break off all the evil habits. clear from your heart the weeds of doubt and unbelief and all those things. Break them away. Don't be don't be angry when he's he's pruning us. The pruning is not easy. But he's taking off that because that limb is taking the life out of your reproduction. That's right. That li that old limb is sucking the life Yes, sir. out of you. Yes sir. That old doubt, that old unbelief, that old malice, that old anger, sucking the very life out of you, don't but despise the chastening of the Lord. So he rebukes and chasen those who he loves. Can we turn over to Let's just see here. Patient be patient with me now. Let's turn over to Matthew. Can we 13? I love the scriptures. I would know nothing about the scriptures. God hadn't sent a prophet. Don't fool yourself. I've seen men pick up the Bible and do nothing with it. Just because you carry a Bible don't mean you're a Bible. Paul said, "You're written epistles read of all men." I like what brother Brown said. He said, "Don't just preach me a sermon. Live me one." I want some living sermons. Don't you? I've never I'd never desired, Brother Steven, to be the best preacher. You know what? I've always desired to be the best Christian. That's it. Then that means that then when you get that way, you have no competitive spirit in you. [Applause] Hallelujah. We realize it's not a competition. Listen what Jesus said in Matthew 13. He said, "Blessed are your eyes for they see and your hearts for they hear." Yes, sir. For verily, verily, I say unto you, many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which you see and have not seen them. Think about that. And to hear those things which you hear and have not heard them. And then he begins to tell them he's he's trying to give them understanding here because they thought, what is it? We need to understand this parable of the swer. Yes, sir. And they didn't understand because the reason they couldn't understand because they need the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. you. I don't care who you are. You can't understand this message unless you're born again. Amen. Ain't that what he said? He said, "You must be born again." Amen. That's what's wrong. People don't have a birth. What is the message? Jesus Christ. [Music] The same yesterday, today, and forever. The unchangeable God. Amen. Listen. Then he then he begins to tell then he begins to tell, "Hear ye therefore the parable of the swer." Listen what he says about these things when the ground I want to talk about that foul of ground just for a few minutes. Give me a little time tonight, will you? He said, listen to this. He said, "Hear ye therefore the parable of the swore. When any one of you heareth the word of the kingdom and understandeth not, then cometh the wicked one." See how how much we must desire revelation. Yes sir. Just not hearing revelation but understanding brother Kim revelation. He said what about that? He said the word cometh and understandeth it not. Then cometh the wicked one and catcheth it away which was sown in his heart. Right. This is he which receiveth seed by the wayside. That's right. I call it a waste side. So why do we try to understand God with our own carnal minds? Listen to this. He said, "But ye but he that receiveth the seed and unto stony grounds, the same is he that heareth the word, and a non with joy receiveth it." He hears it, but he's not cheerful. He's hearing it. He has something holding him back from receiving that seed to come to life. Brother Steven, he's holding it without a cheerful heart. He's going to say, "Yeah, and then you know what? It becomes legalism." And let me tell you, your legalism will destroy you. Amen. Then it becomes a do and a don't. Instead of a want to. They say, "Richard, why don't you do this? Why don't you do that?" I say, "Brother Ro, because I don't want to. I'm free. I can do whatever I want to. Cuz God put me on free moral agency, but I don't want to." What the problem is people don't get the want to taken out of their heart. That's why they still do. They'll say, "I'm not going to do it because I'm afraid brother Stephen or or this one will get they'll they'll say something." You ought to do it because you don't want to bring shame to God. That's exactly. We're too busy worrying about what one another what somebody else thinks about and we don't worry about what God thinks. You better be worried about what God thinks about you. Hallelujah. Listen to this. He said, "Yet hath he not root in him, in himself." But listen to this, "Dendeth for a while." For when tribulation, tribulation, huh? He didn't say it wasn't coming. But if you've not, that word has not been sown right in your heart. You've not followed the ground. When tribulation comes, you'll turn and walk away. Amen. We better be very careful. Or persecution. Oh my. Listen. He said arises because of the word by and by. He is offended. I've never seen so many people offended at the message. That's right. It's a shame. Amen. Jesus said, "If you're offended in me or my words, I'll be offended in you." But because of offenses, then we want to go the easy way. Yeah, that's this man. The easy way cannot build character in you. We fail to realize that character is not a gift. It's a victory. [Applause] But boy, I like I like this right here. Come on. He said, "But he also that receiveth seed among the thorns and heareth the word and the care of this world." You care more about looking on your phone than you do reading the Bible. You care more about talking, gossiping, complaining than you do about praying. You said, "Well, I want to get closer to God." Read your Bible and pray. I don't God don't have no penances for you. You don't have to light a hundred candles. You don't have to crawl on your knees. He said, "Read your Bible and pray." It's so simple. We say, "Oh, we we need to do something." Yeah. Obey. We need to obey. When you obey, you'll notice though that the people that pray and read their Bible, they don't have as much troubles. or when they do have troubles, they get victories. [Applause] What about that? He said in the care of this world, listen to this deceitfulness of riches. Said we're rich, increased in goods. We don't need you, Jesus. Don't you know we got the best doctors? Uhhuh. And they're dying daily. That's right. Yes sir. Because they don't they fail to go to the great position about that deceitful of riches choke the word and becometh what? You tie a rope around a around a branch, it's going to choke the life out of it. Don't you realize that Satan wants you to get Can I say it this way right here? Satan wants you to get too busy. Do you know what busy stands for? Being under Satan's yoke. But I got news. There's a there's a cure for that yoke. Said, "Come unto me, all ye that are weary and heavy laden, and I'll give you rest. For my yoke is easy." Glory be to God. He said, "But he that receiveth seed into good ground, ground that's ready, prepared." When we come tonight, we should have been praying and reading and saying, "God, whatever you say, do you know just one word from God can change your life. It's not the eloquency of a man's speech or the ability of a man, but it's speaking the word of God in it due season." That's why Amen. Amen. He said, "But he receiveth seed into the good ground. Is he that heareth the word and understandeth it, that's revelation, which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth some hund, some 60 and some 30." Yes, my brother. That's what this message come to do was for us to bring forth the fruits. Amen. Of the spirit in our life. Yes, my brother. Amen. But the problem is many times men are not rooted and grounded in love. Do you know faith workketh by love? Paul was telling us that in third in chapter 13. Let's look at this. Enticing spirits. Listen to this. He said there's a negative and a positive. No matter how much positive this current run through here, if it hasn't got a ground wire, it will never light. Unless you're rooted and grounded in Christ, you ain't going to never be able to be a light. What are you going to be? You're just going to be a bub with no light. Be Satan's decoration. Uh-huh. Uhhuh. He said, "That's right. You got to be rooted, grounded in the love of God." Oh, brother. Bring the negative and the positive together. You'll have light. He said, "The good oldfashioned gospel light is spread from shore to shore. You never have it. You'll never have it without it. No matter how much shaking, how much jumping you can do with without the positive, you've got to have the ground wire to flash the light. Ain't you glad God sent us a flashing red light of his coming? Amen. What does it mean to be a cheerful giver? Yes, sir. It means to give without obligation. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. A bank loans you money with obligation. That's right. Amen. Do you know even that little dew drop rejoices when the sun comes? Amen. Because it knows it's going back where it come from. That's right. The sun is coming this hour. So us as the dew drops of God, we ought to be rejoicing when the spirit of God is moving because that sun is drawing that dew drop off the earth back to where it come from. Oh my. That's our problem. We do things and don't understand the love of God. We do things because we think preacher's going to say something. Preacher shouldn't have to say something. God's already said something. The preacher can't go home with you and make you live, right? No, sir. All the preacher can do is tell you what God said. It's up to you to do something with it. What will you do with this one called Christ? Remember Pilate Bo and said, "Don't you not have power to take your life or give your life?" Look at him. He had the wrong approach in giving, didn't he? He didn't realize it. But the master, he said, "You'd have no power unless it been given to you." Do you realize you can do nothing without him? Amen. The the the branch is supplying is getting its source from the vine. And he said, "Without me, you can do nothing." That's right. Listen to what scripture says in Romans 5'8. But God proves his love for us in this. While we were still sinners, Christ died. Amen. He knew what you was. He knew what you was, what you was going to be, and what you're going to be. What you are, what you're going to be. He knows what he was. He knew it before. He knew it when he chose you what you'd be. It's our problem is we don't realize what we are. We're now sons and daughters of God. Not going to be. People get saying, "When I get in, when I go up to heaven, I'm going to be this. I'm going to be that." If you ain't that now, you ain't going to be there. Amen. Listen to this. Romans 8:32. He who did not spare his own son, but gave him up Yes, sir. for all of us. Are you willing to give up all for him, brother Stephen? That's where they get in trouble, brother. Your failure to give him back your all. That's just too big a price. Really? I tell you what I said. The benefits are out of this world. For obedience is better than sacrifice. What about gave him up for us all? Yes, sir. How will he also not along with him freely give all things? Give us all things. Yes, sir. Freely. He never asked you to do anything. No, sir. He asked you to obey. Amen. Really, I give to you. Amen. I know you can't be good enough to deserve this. Can I say it like this right here? Yes, sir. We get We sit in church for sometimes we sit in church so long we think we're all that. But Paul said, "I am what I am by the grace of God." Amen. And we need to realize that your goodness means nothing. Amen. I don't care how good you think you are, how wonderful you are. Brother Stephen, there's people in hell better than me and you that did more good did more good things, natural good things, but because they was not obedient. For obedience is better than sacrifice. Didn't Didn't Samuel tell Saul obedience is is the spirit of witchcraft? Glory to God. Glory to God. First John 3. Amen. Verse one says, "Behold what manner of love, Amen, the Father hath given us, that we should be called, yes, sir, children of God." And that is what we are. The reason the world does not know us is that it did not know him. Amen. Amen. Well, I just want to be recognized. Really, they didn't know who Jesus was. What makes you think you're any different? Listening the message. Look. He says, "Sometimes a little love Yes, sir. stretched out will just cure an old sore." Yes, my brother. He said, "An old placeh that's been a grudge or something, it'll heal it right over." Amen. Just a little love, a little care. You know that not even Satan himself can stand before perfect love. Souls in prison. We must love each other. Yes, sir. Greater love has no man than he that laid down his life for his enemy. Amen. That they might become his friends. Are you willing to lay your life down? Jesus did his. Amen. Or we got so such a selfish love. Just me and mine. Oh god, I hate that's what the rich young ruler thought. I can't give this up. This was my grandpa's. This was my daddy's. How why would I give this up to the poor? Cuz God asked you. You know what? You can never outgive God. Amen. Amen. Living, dying, buried, raising, and coming. I love that. He said, "Real godly love, sir. Goes after the backslider till it finds him." You don't criticize him. It goes after him. You'll never win him by your criticizing. That's right. You'll never say, "Hey, look at me. I'm so much more holier than you." You'll never win him like that, but you'll win him because you love him. That's how Jesus won you. He won you because of his love. He said, "Godly love goes and stoops down to the lowest of hell to pick up a man or a woman who has fallen." And yet we get people rejoicing in them going back out in sin. God don't rejoice in that. He said he rejoicth not in iniquity. He said that none might perish but that all might be saved. Amen. You know some gave some well God gave all. He gave us everything. Amen. In the message live same message living dying burden coming. He said living he loved me. He died for me when I was a sinner when I was unlovable. He loved me anyhow. But boy, if somebody does something against us, we just so quickly don't love them. God have mercy on us. I'm going to say it like this right here. Yes, my brother. If you can't love one who you have seen, you'll never love him who you haven't seen. And the problem is the reason we can't love one another because we don't see one another like God does. Amen. Amen. Without him in our heart, we'll never see one another like we should. And don't tell me you're going to love your enemies when you can't love one another. Brother, we better tighten up. We better get We better get our nose to the grind and get serious. If you ever been serious, you better be serious now. He said, "Listen to this. I was unlovable. He loved me." Anyhow, my prayer is for the church that we can have such love. Yes, sir. Till we love people whether they love us or not. That's what brother Steven's desire is. That's what every preacher's desire is. That's what every church desires. That we'll love people even if they don't love us. That's the true love of God. He died for that man that drove the nails in his hand. That put that crown of thorns on him. He died for him. He loved him. He loves so much, sister Sharon, that when he said, "Father, forgive them." Amen. You know, forgiveness is a given. And if you don't realize that, you'll never be able to receive the taking of it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He said that's what the church needs is to express a love even a man that could spit in your face and you could still with him not from a hypocritical standpoint but from your heart pray for that man's soul that the kind of revival we need. He says in Los Angeles, California, he said without that kind of love manifested, right? I'm not going to make it. God help us. Amen. Lord be saying, "God, help me." Amen. Help me to love like you love. Our problem is we can't love our neighbor as we love oursel because we don't love ourselves like God does. If we loved oursel like God did, we wouldn't listen and watch what we do. Right. Right. We wouldn't read what we read. Right. We wouldn't spend more time with that than we do with God. That's right. Because of that, that's why you can't love one another. That's right. That's exactly a man who cheerfully gives to God. Uhhuh. Has gone beyond the fleshly selfish spirit. Yes. He has gone beyond the slaveitude of the flesh. He's no longer trying to do the penences that makes him better. He's willing to surrender all to his master. Our problem is we want to be driven like cattle and we need to be led by love. A cheerful giver gives all he has to the father in love. We give everything we have to Jesus Christ. Amen. Do you know even nature is a giver. That's right. Do you know the sun gives of its light without asking you for anything? That's right. He gives to the plants that life may come without that sun giving his light. We'd all die. And you know what? That moon is so happy to receive that light. It's the lesser light, but it still gives it light. And that light, Brother Kelly, controls the waters that keep from coming in. Brother Brandon preached a message on that one time. Said, "When the moon turns its back, age come in. But when it turns back, it mushes back. That's the power you have in your life. When you turn your back on your problems, then here they come. But when you face your problems, they will go back out. Cast your bread upon the water, for it will not return to you void. Amen. Amen. Amen. You know, even the plants give back to me and you. That's right. We give them nothing. Give them place for a pull pit. We took their life to the pool pit might be here. They asked you for nothing. That's right. Without that. Yes, sir. That that tree gave this pull pit its existence. Do you realize that? Yes. Do you know the minerals of the ground give the existence for you to have a car? That's right. It's all giving. Amen. It's all given. That's why God said he loves a cheerful giver. Do you know the trees give you oxygen? That's right. They don't ask you for nothing. No, sir. Have you ever walked by a tree and said, "Hey, don't breathe no more. You're taking up my oxygen." A tree just says, "Here it is." Take it. Amen. The master gave me life, so I'm going to give you option to breathe. Everything is a giver. Amen. And man struggles so much, brother Steve, with giving. That's right. It's so hard for him to give. What a hard what a terrible thing is, man. Do you know what the the the I'm not going to take much longer. Be patient with me, though. Preach, my brother. Do you know what the animals was willing to give to the response of God when they went in the ark? He called them one time, brother Stephen. Right. And they come seven clean and two unclean. He didn't have to keep hollering. Brother John, come on, elephant. Come on, tiger. What you waiting on? Don't you know you're going to die? He said, come on in here. There's a there's safety here. Amen. And they what they did, they received their marching orders. This message gave me and you marching orders. Said, "Come unto me all you that are weary and heavy laden, I'll give you rest." Do you know what our problem is, Brother Kelly? We don't we don't understand perseverance. He said, "To him that endureth to the end shall be saved." Yes, my brother. I like where I heard a thing one time and it said, you know, even the snail persevered into the ark. He didn't give up, brother. He was the slowest one. But you know what? He responded to the call. Brother, it's not to the swift, not to the strong, but it's to them that endure to the end shall be saved. I'll read just one quote and we'll go. Appreciate you. Love you. Thank you. Appreciate you for being so kind. Hallelujah. Listen in the message of deep call to the deep as we stand. Go ahead. We can stand. He said, "And Lord, let us be today." Amen. The lightgivers of this age. Amen. And the only way you can be a lightgiver, you got to be a recipient of the light. Do you know the diamond, the diamond is the only one that can absorb and take the light in out of all the minerals with and it reflects the colors of the rainbow. That's why you're his diamond. You're his. Hallelujah. Listen to this. He said givers in this age. He says that's when the great drama is set at the end of the road and each one of us comes up before you and the great screen is pulled out and our generation lives of generation is brought back before us. God, let us hear my voice screaming against unrighteousness and calling the people to believe in thy son Jesus Christ. God, let us be that kind of light in this day. Calling people to Jesus Christ. Amen. Lightgivers are part of the main giver. They can only reflect the light and given. So if you've been given, then let your light shine. Be a giver. When man of God asks you to do something, do it. Do it cheerfully. Don't murmur and complain. Be glad that God is asking us to do something for him. Every eye, every eye closed and every head bowed. We'll say, "Lord, help me to be more of a cheerful giver. Lord, I've been a taker for a long time. Lord, I tell you one thing, Lord. I' I've taken so much off the devil. I'm tired of it. I'm willing tonight, God, to give you my whole heart, Father, that you might take prereeminence in my life that Father, I can be a cheerful giver, Father. Lord, that's what I long for, Lord. I long for you, Lord. I long for going home, Father. Father, I can feel the trembling in my soul. Lord, the light is getting stronger. And as the strength of the light affects the little dew drop, Father, it's affecting our soul, Lord. As your love gets stronger and stronger, it compels us to want to go home, Lord. Father, we're right here at the end time, Father. There's one here, Father, that don't know you like they should know you. I pray you'd minister to their heart right now. Father, there's one that's kind of drifted off from you. Lord, Father, lost a value of you, Lord. Father, I pray you'd pull them right back to your heart, Lord. I pray you'd do these things, Lord. Bless brother Steve and God, Father, and his faithfulness here, Lord. I pray you'd work everything out with his with the building here, Lord. Father, may all of the people work together, Lord, to bring a place that the people may gather. Father, grant this to him, Lord. Bless him and strengthen him and sister Sharon. Lord, for their dedication and their love for these people, Lord, oh God, let us love one another. But Father, teach us how to love ourselves like you do. Then we'll love one another. Grant it to us, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Can we sing that little old song? Amen. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give until there's just no more to give. Anyone need prayer? I want to love till just I could never I could never do it. Sing it again. I didn't know how much you love me. Remember Jesus loves you and I do too. [Music] I want to give until there's just no more to give. to love till there's just no love. I could never ever love the Lord. Amen. Glory to God. Do you love him tonight? Amen. A powerful sweet message. A cheerful giver. God loves a cheerful giver. Amen. Glory to God. I'm just going to read brother Brandham quote and that's what we close with. Brother Brandham says this in the message I am the resurrection and the life in paragraph 32. It's in 1952 on uh August the 10th. Brother Brandham say, "Now look at little Mary here. She takes off up into the wilderness, up into the mountains to see Elizabeth, her cousin. Jesus and John were half were second cousins. Mary and Elizabeth were first cousins. And they went up into the mountain." She did to enjoy the fellowship of her cousin. Think about that. Just went to enjoy the fellowship of her cousin. Something happened to her. She run to somebody else to sister so and so and sit and before you know it, a dead baby that was there came back to life. Brother Brandham continue. He says that is what we need to do today. Amen. Amen. God did something for you. You run to sister so and so to brother so and so. You say brother let's sit down. I'm going to tell you what the Lord have done in our life. You never know what resurrection you can bring to that home. Amen. Brother Brandham said that is what we need to do today. The deadiest the deadest dead the deadest thing in the world is the Dead Sea. Amen. who takes everything in and gives nothing out. William brother, I'm going to start it again. He says what? That's what we need to do today. The deadiest things in the world is the dead. See who takes everything in always. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And gives nothing out. Amen. Or if we come to a meeting, God fill our soul with glory. We ought to tell 50 people a day. Everywhere. Every day. Tell another 50. Another 50. Give out. That keeps the systems cleans out. So when you give out, it's cleansing you. Amen. Amen. Amen. God give you give out. God give you give out. Yes sir. Do you know that there is a law to that? Do you know there is a law? Amen. You you are pulling. Do you know you have [Music] let me read it. I don't have any choice. Let's go to second Corinthian. Somebody ask me because some of the thing we don't teach them in the message. So we don't know we don't know how to do that and we usually make fun of denomination when they give and we say they're giving they giving they giving they giving but some of the stuff they learn they know they they correct more than message believer. Amen. Here it goes message believer sometime are stingy offering $10 $10 $10 $10 $10 your suit, shoes and everything. $1,000 and every time you trying to touch it. No, no, no, no. He's preaching prosperity. He's preaching prosperity. And then the gun 10 years in the church, you always give $10. A brother is in need, $10. Your hair $200. And then you condemning the denomination. Remember, remember the same God that was in Israel was also anointing Bum. Yes, sir. Come on now sir. So God will bless them according to his laws. Amen. He didn't say God didn't say they're part of the bride, but because they are obeying God with what they know, God is under obligation to bless them even though they're not part of the bride. And you could be in the broad not obeying the law and God won't bless you. Amen. But you are in the message rank. Praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go to 2 Corinthians chapter 9. Like it or not, we going to read it. Yes, sir. Lord, you there? Where brother Richie, stop? That's where I'm I'm starting. I'm sorry. I had to say this. I have to obey the spirit. Yeah. Because there are many things we are not taught correctly in the message. And I took this scripture with somebody who was willing. He said, "Brother Stephen, how do we sow to God?" And we sat me and him in the office and then we talked like two hours. I went through the scripture to show him things. Message believer don't even want to touch him. Come on now. And you will wonder why that man is prospering. Amen. Verse seven. He say every man according as he purpose in his heart. There is $10. So let him give not grudgingly. There's the key. Ah, he's going to say again. Amen. All of necessity. If I don't give, I get a booping. So, let me just give it. Amen. For God loves a cheerful giver. Amen. Watch verse eight. And God is able to make what? A bond toward who? You. You. Who? The stingy. Yes sir. The one who own everything the dead sea brother or the dead sea sister. She always receive. You are always in need. You are always lacking. Dead sea sister. That's why I'm against the ministry that is always asking other. No no no no no no. Take even your chicken. Give to the other brother. Amen. But we have developed a dependency. It's it's a parasite where we keep sucking for 20 years. That ministry keep sucking. Lord, no you need to you need the God of Joseph to come to your church. And it become like a system. Those those minister are rich. This here are poor. So for for years 20 100 years in a message they just depending support. support. Support if you go visit them, you will pay for your hotel, you pay for your food. Come on. I'm preaching in my own pit. So, I'm free. Thank you for In other words, their giving doesn't exist because brother so and so is rich. So, brother so and so will take care of his. No, no, no, no. You call the brother. You pay for his altar. Cook your rice. cook your poor rice and bring it to the brother. You say, "Brother, this is what we have." Amen. And before you know it, they got they got uh I mean believers numbers. Amen. Amen. Dependency ministry. And the believer are going, we're going to give this brother. So he will be I mean uh blessed. We will be blessed. Since you gave him 40 years, he keep getting money. Dead sea. Dead sea. Now, I told you the reason why God sent me in this message, right? So, I don't have no clue when I have to shoot. I don't think twice. I have to pull it because that's the way I was built. Amen. A stingy brother. No. Get sometime get some money. You say, "God, sister Sarah, get it." Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And we got believer going to church for financial support. That church over there, when I get there, then I'm going to behave like I'm the poorest. So everybody give me their shoes, the you the special one. Amen. Can I continue? Verse eight. And God is able to make all grace. How many grace? All are born toward who? You. That ye always having what? In how many things? I don't know if you understand what you're reading. So God, let me continue. All things may abound to what? Every good word. Do you know what it means? So when God sees that you are a person that is a cheerful giver, God now will direct his anointing, his blessing towards you. Because he knows that if I give brother Charles, he will give. Yes, sir. So God will make sure that in all necessity, Amen. Brother Charles is covered. Amen. Amen. And then when his cup is full, God will make his cup to overflow. Yes sir. So that with the overflow he will continue to bless and you wonder why you don't have money now. Amen. Amen. Because when they tell you somebody's in trouble the first the first dollar $20 is the highest. 50 you have a heart attack. Amen. But if you give, God will bring all grace toward you and say, you know what? If I want to bless that church over there, there is a brother there. There is a sister there. If I bless that sister, automatically that church will continue to move forward. And God bring it and the sister keep giving and she doesn't even understand why she keep getting stuff because God already look at the heart. But when you in the heart, you say, "Oh, you know what? My pastor is already a doctor and he has a lot of money. I ain't gonna give one penny. Good luck. Continue with your money. When you're in trouble, you will see me giving you freely and cheerfully. Are we together? You want God to direct his blessing toward you? Open your pipes. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Open your pal. Start giving. When you give, God say he give. First of all, number one, take care of him. Make sure all his bills are always paid. Then give him overflow. He's going to pay for it. So you want to be in financial security. You don't need a lot of school. You don't need a lot of school, a lot of books. Some of them are simple. Simple. Four years. No, no tithing offering. $5. $5. $5. Praise you, Lord. $100. The whole world will know. Are we together? And the first one to complain. Why we don't have soap in the bathroom? Soap means diero. Ah, brother Richie started the sermon. It's not me. I didn't start the sermon. Brother Richie started the man. I'm just I'm just riding behind that. Huh? Well, the building is not moving. How much did you give in? How much did you give in it? Oh, you expecting us to give it to you? Praise you, Lord. I was about to take the money the person gave me because I know the person. I was about to return the money back. I said, "No, no, this person cannot give that that much money." And the scripture a quote hit me. The widow woman and brother Brham wanted brother Brham took want to take a right to $20 and return back and God say the angel of the Lord say leave it. Brother Brham say she's suffering. He say leave it. Do you know what she got out of $20? [Applause] Huh? Something that money can buy. She got the salvation of her children. And brother Brandham say it was because of the offering she gave. How can offering be related to salvation? Do you see this stuff taught in the message? We don't teach them in a message because everybody is afraid. Oh, if brother Steven want to say this, it's about, hey, hey, uh, I have a job. I'm working. Amen. But I got to say the truth. Amen. Are we together? I used to wait at the end of the year and pay the tithing of my office, my practice. I saidm say that the devil. Amen. Because you got to balance everything. I say, "Hey." I said when you're waiting to balance everything there is an unconscious fear of loss behind that every month when my CPA send everything so I'm not worrying about waiting at the end of the year to balance everything bless you go watch my schedule overflown [Laughter] watch my overflow. Why? You learn this little principle. I'm talking to you openly as Paul. Amen. So you understandless. It's not like any type of magic we doing. No, it's laws of God. Do what God says. Amen. Amen. You have money for everything for yourself. Your vacation yourself. Everything for yourself. If they say brother in nothing even click your mind like he's suffering let's maybe buy a rice and give it to the brother doesn't come to your mind you got some work to do how much you going to pay me for it this is a sister what can I do to this person so I can catch blessing you want to reap some denomination know some of these It's message believer who don't know. So we waiting for missionary fund. Your finger guys when they go to the pocket they know the difference between a $50 and and a $1 and they go toward the $1. [Laughter] Good thing they know very well. They say this is a $50. Uh if I bring money over there, let me leave it in church. My friend, my friend, they are laws. Some of the stuff if we teach you, you you think we're coming up with stuff. It's in the scripture that we're learning this thing. The Bible says, "As it is written, he has dispersed abroad. He has given to the poor his righteousness remain forever. Now he that minister the seed to the swer both minister bread for your food and multiply your seed sown and increase the fruits of your righteousness being enrich I can if I sit down I go with this one paragraph one at a time you will see how long it takes to understand this but I'm just going to touch the surface uh uh verse 11 being enriched in something so God is blessing you where everything in everything to uh to all water which cause through us thanksgiving to who? So people are thanking God because of you. Amen. I don't know if you understand the scripture. Let me leave it alone. Go read it yourself at home. Amen. So God bless you. You blessing somebody and somebody goes to God and say praise the Lord. Thank you Lord for brother John Paul. Lord, I thank you. Now, God is receiving thanksgiving because of what brother John P or sister Charlie indeed. Amen. I wish I had time I could go with this scripture one by one. One by one. And you see these laws how they work together. I just told you at right $20. It was for the for the building. It went there for the salvation. Amen. I'm not talking about the building only. I'm talking about taking care of one another. When you hear something is going on there, what do you do? Oh, you know that brother Khalim is the one who usually take care of brother Khala will take care of. Sometime it's not even money. It may be a service but you do it cheerfully. But the so and so is not feeling good. What can we do for you? Amen. We're going to get your car, get the car to the car wash, wash your car and bring it home and leave your car there. Private life. It's my life. I do whatever I want. I'm tired of people telling me what to do. Everywhere you going, there is a headship. You born and headship. your daddy. You get married, you find your husband, headship. You go to work, manager, headship. You a manager, supervisor, headship. You a supervisor, you find a CEO, headship. You a CEO, you find the owner of the company, headship. You the president, you you you a governor, you find the president. Do you a president, you find the constitution? [Music] Everywhere you find something ahead of you. Learn to obey authority. Learn to stay under authority. Learn. It's a pleasure. I am a man under authority. That's why I'm recognizing authority in Jesus Christ. Amen. Everywhere you go and the top is God. So you can be above God because he's the head. We are the body. Amen. Learn these laws not only in money. In all things be a cheerful giver. Amen. Give your time, my friend. Yes. Amen. I got family. I got children. I got counseling. What do you think brother Steven will do? All of you have luxury. Ah, me. I'm going. So and so will be playing. He will take over my spot. See? See? Because sooner everything will be done. We will leave this world on the other side. We will sit forever and fellowship. All the fellowship for years for eternity we will spend eternity. Keep talking talking eternity. So let's be a cheerful giver. Musician you give yourself cheerfully. Technician you give yourself cheerfully. Church, you give yourself cheerfully. You singing, sing cheerfully. You clapping, clap cheerfully. You cooking at home, sister, cook for your home cheerfully. Brother, bring the money back to your home cheerfully. Clean the car cheerfully. Buy the meal at the restaurant. Cheerfully shake your brother cheerfully. Give a hug. Cheerfully carry the baby cheerfully. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy, Father, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, thank you for such a timely message, a cheerful giver, Lord. Father, help us, each one of us in our life, in every aspect of our life, Lord, to be cheerful in everything that we're doing. Lord, help this church to have a token of cheerfulness. Lord, Father, Lord, help those online, the invisible audience, everyone, Lord, that will receive this message. Father, Lord, may you help them up, Lord, because you spoke in your word that your word will not return to you, Lord, without accomplishing or fulfilling that which you sended forth. Lord, may you strengthen Brother Richie. Always kind, always smiling, always happy. Even in his text message, he's always expressing love. Father, bless him and his wife, Lord, and bless the church, Lord. Father, Lord, I pray, Lord, that you give us travel to mercy as we go into our respective place, Lord. May you protect us. And once again, Father, remember brother Chris, Lord, and strengthen the family, Lord. And Lord, may you comfort because you are the comforter. And there is no one that can comfort like you, Lord. Father, I commit everything unto the hand. And I bless your children in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, brother Satan. I'm going to leave. I'm going to until there just no more to give. I'm going to laugh until there's just no I could never never out. [Music] I'm going to live [Music] the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. Would you love [Music] to just I could never ever [Music] want to be the He wants me to live. I want to hear until there's just no more to give. I want to love love till there's just no more love. I could never [Music]
