################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - The Power of Remembrance - Bro Seth Dogbey - Seth Dogbey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    The Power of Remembrance - Bro Seth Dogbey
Speaker:  Seth Dogbey
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_cbEb7CKkA
========================================

Description:
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
They will not believe thee, neither hearken unto the voice of the first sign, that they will believe the voice of the second sign. Let us bow our heads with our heads bowed and our hearts too. I wonder if there's any in here tonight who has requests for prayer. Would you let it be known as you raise your hands? God grant your request. Our heavenly father, we have deemed this such a privilege to come to you in prayer. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] You're only That's going to be too high to see your only [Music] son. No sin to hide. But you have [Music] seen him from your [Music] side to walk [Music] upon this guilty side. and to become the lamb of God. Let's sing the next verse. Your gift of love, they crucified. [Music] They laughed and scored. [Music] him as he died. The humble king. They named a throne and sacrif. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh lamb of God. Sweet lamb of God. [Music] I love the holy land of God. Oh, wash me in his preious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. God. Let's finish the song. Amen. I was so lost. I should have died. But you have brought me to your side to be led by your staff and rod. [Music] and to be called a lamb of God. [Music] Oh lamb of God, sweet lamb of God. I love the holy lamb of [Music] God. Oh, wash me in his preious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of [Music] God. Oh, wash me in his preious blood. My Jesus Christ, the lamb of God. [Music] Oh mighty God. Lord, what a beautiful song, Lord. Lord, we ask now, Lord God, we just want to give you thanks, Father. Thanks for letting us enter into your house in the midweek service, Lord. Bless those that are still on the way, Lord. We want you to get them here safely to hear the word of God tonight. Lord God, bless those that are streaming this evening, Lord God. have mercy on us, Lord God. We've we've got needs, Lord, but we want to lift your name this morning, L or this evening, Lord God, and we just want to worship and praise you this evening, Lord. We thank you for the week that we've had thus far, Lord. But this is the highlight right here of it, Lord. And we just want to ask that you continue, Lord, to bless us as we just go through the rest of the week, Lord. And if you Terry, Lord, we'll be back Sunday to worship you some more. We're going to worship you in our heart and our soul and our mind and our spirit every minute of every day anyways, Lord. But this is where you've agreed to meet us, Lord God, and to allow us to just be humble in your presence, Lord, and just to sing to you, Lord, and to hear your precious word. We give all of ourselves to you this evening, Lord God, as singers and musicians. Lord, as the congregation, Lord, special group of people, Lord, bless our technicians also. Lord, we thank you, Father, and ask that you bless our deacons, Lord, and our trustees, Lord, our ministers, Lord, and especially, Lord, our pastor, Lord, with the word of God, Lord, that you've been bringing forth. We recognize this gift, Lord. And that's what we want to lift up, Lord, as you for giving this gift to us, Lord God. And we thank you, Father. We don't want to be negligent in expressing our gratitude towards you, Lord, for everything that you've done for us, Lord. Where you brought us from, Lord, and where we are now and actually where we're going, Lord. So, we give every portion of this service tonight to you, Lord. Bless us with your presence, Lord. Bless us with your word. Bless the speaker tonight, Lord God. And give him a double portion, Lord. Give everything to you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's special and holy name tonight, Lord. Amen. And amen and amen. Let's give him a clap offering this evening. Amen. I don't see why I don't normally lead on a Wednesday, but I don't see why we couldn't turn around and greet each other on a Wednesday night as well. Amen. Praise God. Amen. [Music] It is mine. It is mine. Mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Yes. Blessed be his name. mine for all eternity. God's abiding peace is in my soul today. Yes, I feel it now. Yes, I feel it now. He has taken all my doubts and fears away. Oh, I cannot tell you how it is mine. It is mine. Mine. Yes. Blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. He is mine. Blessed be his name. Mine for all. [Music] He has wrought in me a sweet and perfect rest in my rapured heart. I can feel it now. He each passing moment keeps me safe and blessed. Floods my life with heart and brown. It is mine. It is mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Blessed be his name, mine for all eternity. He has given me a neverfilling joy. Oh, I have it now. Oh, I have it now. to his praise. I will my ransom power of joy renew my gra. [Music] Oh blessed be his name. He has given peace, perfect peace to me. It is mine, mine. Yes. Blessed be his name, mine for all [Music] eternity. Oh, the love of God is comforting my soul for his love is mine. Yes, his love is mine. Waves of joy and gladness for my spirit roing me with life divine. It is mine. It is mine. Blessed be his name. He has given peace. Perfect peace to me. His mine. Blessed be his name. Mine for all [Applause] eternity. The original life. The original sea. The original word that's what I believe the son of man is revealed that seven still is unveiled. The original line the original se God's truth were manifested to his bride in this last day. We have caught that revelation by the bronze prophets message. And we know who we are, what we raised up for. Oh, praise the Lord. For the original life, the original life, the original city, the original word. That's what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unveiled. The original life, the original se. We are worthless today. That is what the scriptures say. And our names are seen within. Redeemed and perfect without sin. Yes, we are anointed and inspired by our God whose original life. The original life, the original seed, the original word. That's what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seventh seal is unfair. The original life, the original sea. Our eyes of understanding. He has opened up at last and sweet victory is ours. Who was chained down in the past. True jubilee has sounded. And we have responded to our God. The original life. The original life, the original seed, the original word. That's what I believe. The seven seal. The seven seal is the original life. The original seed. We are called unto adoption. Full authority and power. Sleeping saints will wake and join us for translation in this hour. Gentile days soon will be over. Oh, glory hallelujah for our God. The original life. The original life. The original seed. The original word. That's what I believe. The son of man. It's revealed that seven seal isn't the original life. The original seed. The original life. The original sea. The original word. That's what I believe. The son of man is revealed at seventh seal is unve. life. The original [Music] sea. Hallelujah. That first song, that first song, one of the verses said, "Thrilling me with life divine." It's that original life. I got one more, but I was scared to try to transition into them. Okay. Sometimes it's just best to stop. Amen. So, give me a second. If you want to lead into it, maybe we'll jump on it then. It's manifesting time. Amen. It's manifesting time with that original life and that original seed. It's time to put it on display. Amen. Same key will be fine. There we go. [Music] Woo! Hallelujah! The voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes, sweeping over the cloud. He rise. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." He's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. The lovely one. is coming in for [Music] you. All the captain's chosen bride. Redemption draw night. He's a lovely one. He's coming and bring you. The grapes are yours and mine. The little box is for the mine. Oh, the vineyard blossoms for her harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me on you. Be that lovely one. He's coming in a new. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in new to God's golden bride. Redemption drawing night. He's the lovely one. He's coming and blame you. In the cliff on the rock, in the secret place so high, till the day break and the shadows fle away. Oh, that mountain place, a sweet smell coming true. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. Thank you. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in to catch God's chosen bride. For redemption is drawing high. He's our lovely one. He's coming to claim you. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one can come and blame you to catch God's chosen bride. Redemption drawing night. He's a lovely one. He's coming. Let's sing the Let's sing the first verse again. The voice might behold he quickly comes with [Music] her. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in frame view to catch God's chosen bride. Redemption's drawing high. He's a lovely one. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one. He's coming and claimed view. You've kept God's chosen bride. Redemption's drawing nigh. He's a lovely one. She's coming. Amen. Woo. Praise God. Praise God. I am so thankful for a lot of these happy songs that brother Seth brought into this congregation. Amen. I can't sing them enough. Amen. Yes, you did it. Don't be all looking like that. Amen. Amen. I can't wait for some more I can take. Yes, sir. That I can steal during my song services. I don't have a jealous bone in my body about song service. Okay. There's no competition between us. But I love some of these songs that he brings in here. Amen. Amen. Uh if you can just stand with me for one I've got a one praise report and I got a little small list of prayer requests that I can go over quickly, but I don't want to be neglectful with them. Um this is from Zach and uh and Lily. Uh they said, "I want to thank this is Lily that wrote it. I wanted to thank the Lord for keeping us safe while out of town the last few days. the car battery died and we had to replace it. But instead of breaking down on the way or on the way back, the Lord made sure it happened when we were with family and in a safe area and had friends around to help us get a new battery quickly. Amen. So, we want to give God praise for that. Amen. Now, for Chris and Rebecca, they were preparing to to come home today. They've been helping to take care of Chris's mom who had I don't know if it was knee surgery or hip surgery but uh hip I guess but um so they've been trying to help you know during her time of of rehab. It's from what I understand it's a relatively quick recovery but this morning as they were preparing to go her stepfather his mom's stepfather uh is like the um chauffeur I guess and he was taking her somewhere. Okay. It might have been to therapy, might have been to rehab or something, but the the poor man had a had a stroke in the bathroom where they were. So Chris and Rebecca had to rush over there and they took him to the ER and uh they're having to stay a few more days uh until they're sure of his of his um uh situation. I don't know his name. Um do you know his name? Nope. So we just want to remember Chris's stepgrandfather. Amen. In prayer and his mom for that matter. Also, we've got we've got two here tonight with uh some pretty severe uh toothache pain. So, and I know that's not fun. I'm not I'm not going to mention names. I was asked not to, okay? Because you can't tell. You can't tell. That's God right there. But we're Listen, we're praying for healing. Okay? That's what we want. We want healing. Amen. Amen. So, uh, also I want to remember those that are suffering with this pollen. Oh my goodness. It's been it's been like having a almost having the flu. It's just really thick. Right now, the oak trees are really bad. You can see the yellow or brown stuff in the parking lot. That's coming from the oaks. But it's just I personally I'm I'm a bit I've been affected but I'll take it over wintertime anytime. I take the spring. I don't like winter time. Brother Michael Omach. Yes ma'am. Jordan. Oh no. Okay. Okay. So we wonder is he is he going to be able to recover? Okay. Okay. Yes, we do. Divine healing right now. Not I mean, we believe it can be instant. Amen. Brother Michael, let's hold our hands up. I I neglect to do this occasionally uh in the morning. So, let's remember unspoken. Amen. I know we all got something in our hearts. God bless you. Are you happy? Amen. It's good to be It's good to be here. Let us pray. Dear heavenly father, we come before you in the name of Jesus Christ. We humbly bow before you, Lord. Lord, you are only creator, the one that we love. Lord, we want to thank you for the goodness that you have shown to this little church. Lord, among us, oh God, you have been here every day that we meet. Oh father, you have fed us, oh God, with revelations, oh God, that are fresh from your throne. Oh father, we want to thank you for the ministry that you have given us here. Thank you for the grace that provided the prophet. Thank you for the grace that provided the light of the day. We thank you Lord for the grace that gave us this church. Oh father. And Lord, we thank you for the grace that gave us a pastor. Yes. Lord, how we thank you for each one of us. Father, we thank you and appreciate lead us. Oh God, like song leaders, brother John, brother Seth, oh Lord, the musicians, Father, the best that we've got in the world, oh Father, we thank you for the grace that has grown us from stature to stature. We have moved from afar, Lord, and you have brought us here. Amen. We have seen your hands, father, and we want to appreciate you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord, for Zach and Lily. Oh God, the thanksgiving to you, oh father. We pray for many needs that are in the hearts of your children. Some have been mentioned. I can't remember them all. Oh father, remember your children online. Father, some have needs also. Oh God, let them join us now together in worshiping our king, the king of glory, Jesus Christ, the one who saved us and sent us a prophet. And we are sure with this message we shall ride on. Oh father, thank you. Father, bless the tithes and the offerings. May they be used for the benefit of the gospel. Oh Lord, at the end of the day or the this evening, Father, as we go home, we shall be thankful and grateful and we shall say, "Thank you, Lord. It was worth coming here. Thank you, Father. Bless the preacher, take him out of the way. May you use him for the glory of your name, oh God. And provide for our needs, Father. That's right. In Jesus name we pray." Amen. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We got two specials tonight. Amen. Praise God. [Music] [Music] [Music] From the beginning, you've been unchanging. M age to age you stay constant. You remain every mystery. The questions I've carried are safe within your will. So I trust you. Even still, I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted waves straight to you. You are always faithful. Jesus, you're for me, holding me steady. [Music] M every word you speak is a promise that you keep. This firm foundation cannot be shaken. Oh my God, you never fail. Never once, you never will. I believe you are who you say you are. You do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always able. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are always faithful. I believe. I believe. I believe. Oh, I [Music] believe that on that cross your blood was spilled. And by your stripes I have been healed. Every promise you fulfilled. I believe. I believe that you rose again in victory and that same power lives in me. I'm born again. I've been made free. I believe I believe that the gates of hell will not prevail. Your church is still alive and well. This gospel truth I live to tell. I believe I believe that one day soon you'll split the sky. You're coming for a spotless bride. Until my faith has been made sad. I believe. I believe. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always able. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted waves straight to you. You are always faithful. I believe. Oh, I believe. I believe. Oh, I believe. And on that day I've run my race. I'll finally see you face to face. And nothing then will separate. I believe. I believe. I'll join with every tribe and tongue and bow before the lamb of God singing holy, holy, holy one I believe. I believe worthy is the lamb. [Music] Worthy is the lamb. You are [Music] holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God. Almighty. Sing worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. You are holy, holy are you, Lord God mighty. Sing worthy, worthy is the lamb. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. He's holy, holy is the lamb. Holy, holy is the lamb. He's rightous. Righteous is the lamb. Rightuous is the lamb. Jesus. Jesus is the lamb. Jesus Jesus is the lamb. Sing amen. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Woo. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. [Music] Put that song on repeat and just keep singing. Come on. Amen. You going to God bless you. Stay. I have to testify before I sing this song because it's only by the grace of God I'm standing here being able to speak. Um, right before service, it was probably like about minutes to six. supposed to be ready for church. But I was in bed shivering in pain from a toothache. Yes, I'm one of those with the toothache. And I said, "Lord, I can't make it." I messaged Brother Steven because I couldn't talk. I said, "Brother Steven, I'm in pain. I need medicine and I'm in pain. I don't think I'm going to come to church tonight." Messaged Brother Seth. Told him the same thing. Okay, sister, we'll pray for you. And I lay in bed. And I'm like, something said you're going to get the devil get the victory. I said, absolutely not. And the pain was strong. It's still there. But I said, Lord, I'm going to come here tonight and I'm going to speak to the storm because a song was requested last week and I wasn't able to sing it, but the na the words of the song is speak to the storm and speak to the rain because we have the power, right, to claim the victory. And I want to thank God for a praying family because all of those who said we're praying for you and a praying husband. Praise the Lord. So I just want to stand here today and say I'm going to speak to the story. [Music] Amen. Speak to the storm. Speak to the rain. You have the power to bring about change. God has come in you and now he speaks through you. Don't cry, my brother. Just speak in his name. Sing. Speak to the storm. Speak to the rain. You have the power to bring about change. God has come in you and now he speaks to you. Don't cry, my brother. Just speak in his [Music] name. You're in a new season now. You have authority. God commands the devil to set your loved ones free. The third pull is here now. It can't be imitated. The power that's in the bride cannot be duplicated. Speak to the storm and speak to the rain. You have the power to bring about change. For God has come in you and now he speaks through you. Don't cry, my brother. Just be in his [Music] name. Satan's coming at you like a mighty lion's roar, but you don't have to take what he's doing anymore. Put on your fighting armor. Be confident and sure. You don't need to fear him. Just tell them who you're standing for and speak to the storm. Yeah. Speak to the rain. I have the power to bring about change for God has come in me and now he speaks through me. Oh, don't cry, my brother. Just speak his name. Satan. Satan's coming at you like a mighty lion's roar. And I don't need to take what he's doing anymore. I have my fighting armor. I'm confident and sure. I don't have to fear him. I know who I'm standing for. I'll speak to the storm. Yeah. Speak to the rain. I have the power to bring about change. God has come in me. And now he speaks to me. Oh, don't cry, my brother. Just speak. Speak to the stormless. Speak to the storm. Speak to the rain. We do. Oh, for we have the power to bring about change. For God has come in you. And now he's speak to you. Oh, don't cry, my brother. Just begin. God has come in you. God has come in you and now he speaks to you. So don't cry my brother. No, don't cry my sister. No, don't cry my brother. Just speak his name. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. God bless you, pastor. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. I don't know what to do with this musician. The least I can do is appreciation dinner. The least I can do. What a wonderful singing. Glory to God. Sister lady, I won't say anything because if I speak anything, it's going to be am I encroaching to the song leader program for Sunday. So I will just leave it alone. Repeat. Ah, it's coming from brother Khala. He's taking brother John at his word. [Applause] Wow. Praise God. God richly bless you for everything you're doing for his kingdom. And good to see sister Miriam tonight. The devil attack her with a strong I don't know if it's a flu or pollen and here she is tonight. God bless you sister. Praise God. I put it to check on you and I keep go I mean moving from one thing to another and it keeps slipping my mind. Sleeping my mind. Your pastor was praying for you. Amen. And was also thinking about you. God bless you. Amen. Glory. Glory to God. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ to both visible and invisible audience. Amen. The pastor always think about his ship. So just put it up there. Hallelujah. Amen. So any family member here, God richly bless you. Easter Yolanda. What a surprise. [Laughter] Welcome. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Not a visitor. You're a family member. So, you just came home. So, enjoy. Paul like home. And then we will be preaching by uh like home. Amen. Lord's willing appreciation dinner is at 300 p.m. You know the place. You saw everything. You know who you are. So just be there on time and let's do what we got to do and get some fellowship together. Amen. Sister Rof, I don't know what you have been doing with Isaac, but I want the sun to be like this on Sunday because it's so clear. So clear without any problem whatever he's done today. So you keep it for [Laughter] Sunday. Oh my praise. Finally, we getting done with this system and it's working by God's grace. You keep praying for whatever is going outside of this four hole. You just keep praying for it and the Lord will continue. Like brother Robert told me, he say, "Brother Steven, there is an abundance of rain." You see a cloud that looks like a man's hand, but it's telling you there is abundance of rain coming up. Amen. So, God knows what he's doing. So uh you who have two faith call in the morning and schedule appointment quickly tell them it's an emergency and then your pastor will handle it. Brother Brandham say God also heal by medicine. I got the quote. If you want I can put it right there. Amen. Oh if you don't say amen, I put the quote. By the way, I'm say God heals by medicine. Amen. So let's see what uh how we can handle this together. I can read between the lines. I got all your uh uh I have heard your cry and I I have come down to deliver you. Amen. If you reading your Bible every day, you will begin to understand my language because some people say I speak in peril. I say, "Okay, if you read the Bible," I was talking to somebody and and they were trying to get something and I say, "You know what? Uh, just tell Samuel what we will do. We will tell Samuel to go ahead and hold a sacrifice, but we will anoint David. It's a scripture." And it took a while and he said, "But Stephen, can you speak in English?" In other words, speak in a plain language. Then I have to explain what I say. I say, "Okay, this one is going to do this and you coming for the sacrifice and then you get the anointed through the sacrifice." That's what is going to happen. Amen. So you pray everything is working well by God's grace. We had a little rest and a wonderful service on Sunday. God spoke so much on Sunday that I didn't know what to do. He pick Ruth, he pick uh Esther, he pick whatever the second oil and he been going. Somebody that I have seen for years and you don't know even how old he is, but when he was here, you even forget his age. He said, "You a preacher killing church." After service, he was worn out completely. He could even hardly walk. And I look at the way he was walking. I said, "Brother, I knew they're going to wear you down." Oh my God. He was so happy. He was on the airport. He already sent me a text. Uh I mean traveling home. He's so so so happy and touched by the presence of the Lord. And we were I mean this is a I don't even know what to say. If you go back, you sit down and you listen to everything that was coming up. God spoke plainly, directly, and he was touching almost every corner. That was the Holy Spirit. Amen. If you don't believe it, me I believe. Amen. Yeah. Even Philillip, he talk about Philillip and every other stuff. Oh, have I say something wrong? Ah, I didn't talk to him. I don't tell preacher what to preach. They come and they preach and they move on. Amen. Glory to God. Brother Set Dogby will be preaching to us tonight. Amen. Praise God. Brother Set has been a tremendous help, a trustee, a song leader. He's here training and I don't know almost everywhere. So God richly bless you for everything that you're doing and sister Ako. So let's go. We fondly believe. [Music] Oh, we believe. Oh, we [Music] believe [Music] all possible only. Yes, sir. Oh, leave [Music] me. We believe. [Music] All things are same. give you only. [Music] We confess this tonight. Lord, I believe and Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. We know our face. are possible. Oh Lord, I believe with every promise tonight. Lord, Lord, I believe for every word that you said to your bride. Lord, I believe in all things are possible. Lord, I believe and we know that [Music] Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is in all things are possible. [Music] Jesus is he. Oh [Music] Jesus is he. Jesus is [Music] he. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Let us pray tonight. Father in the name of Jesus, Lord, we are grateful Lord to be in your presence Lord. Father God, it is such a wonderful atmosphere tonight, Lord. And Lord, we know you are here amongst us, Lord. Father, oh God, we just want to hear from your voice tonight, Lord. And Father God, I ask, Lord, may you take me aside, Lord Jesus. Oh God, may you speak your word, Lord Jesus. Oh God, sanctify this lips. Oh God, this body, oh God, Father, standing before your throne of grace tonight, Lord, we ask, Lord Jesus, oh God, may you speak your word, oh God. Father, to your listening bride tonight, Lord, those streaming, Lord, are in your hands, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we come against any spirit of distraction of any sort, Lord, and asking, Father, may you take absolute control, Lord. We thank you, Lord, and we bless you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we prayed. Amen. And amen. Amen. This time I'm not going to miss it. Thank you very much musicians. Amen. Can we see that tonight? Amen. Amen. We thank the Lord for a wonderful evening. Yes sir. Amen. And I believe we are getting used to me by now. Amen. Um transitioning from one spot to the other. Amen. Amen. And I I just thank the Lord for the blessing, Amen. that he's bestowed upon us. Amen. And we just want to give him all the glory. We just want to give him back whatever he gave to us. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we just want to go into something tonight. Amen. I just pray that we have enough time to do it. Amen. Sometimes when we come here, we are just lost in time. Amen. And when we begin to see time, then we begin to hurry up. Amen. But then we miss a lot of things. Amen. But then we go back, we try to come back and the Lord gives a different message. Amen. So we we just want um to open to Amos chapter 3 tonight. If can be upstanding, may the Lord add his blessing to the reading of this word. Amen. Amen. Amos chapter 3. Yes sir. It's a familiar scripture. Amen. Verses 6 and 7. Amen. Amos chapter 3 6 and 7. Yes sir. Shall a trumpet be blown in the city and the people not be afraid? Uh-huh. Shall there be evil in a city, and the Lord have not done it? Surely, the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret unto his servant, the prophets. Amen. Can you be seated tonight? Amen. Amen. So, the scripture or the Bible said the Lord God will do nothing. So it means when you see a prophet sir, it means the Lord God is doing something. Yes sir. Amen. When you see a prophet on the scene, the Lord God is doing something. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Now this this is one thing about the spirit of a prophet. Amen. when he comes. Amen. He's coming with the dosier the Lord. That's right. Amen. And the dossier the Lord has three parts if I put it that way. It is either speaking of something going on now or is making reference to something in the past or it's telling you something in the future. Correct? Amen. Amen. Now I want us to open to Revelations 1 verse 8. Yes sir. Revelations 1 verse 8. Amen. Amen. Amen. Revelations 1 verse 8. Yes sir. He said, "I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the ending, say the Lord, which is and I thank God that he started with which is because brother Abraham said man is always looking at what is going to happen in the future and what already happened in the past but not seeing what is going on right Now, but the fact is that without right now, we can't make reference to the past. Neither can we make reference to the future. There must be a today so I can say there's a tomorrow. There must be a today so that I can say yesterday. So man is always missing that now portion of the word of God. Amen. So anytime we fall into any condition or any situation, our mind either goes back and begin to blame something or our mind is moving forward. Amen. But then we don't realize that before we move forward, we must understand what is going on right now. There must be a now so I can see a future because the future is connected to whatever is happening now. Before I get unexpected in I must see what is going on right now. Amen. So when we take a beginning and an ending before you can have a beginning it must it means that there is a content. Amen. We have a content. That's right. So when I take like this waterh and I say this is a starting point and this an ending point right we must know that this whole battle here is what I'm talking about but if I'm referring to a starting point right I must know that it's in reference to this bottle. I don't know if I'm getting you getting what I'm saying. So in order to have a starting point, there must be a main body. That's right. So I can see there's a starting point and there's an ending point. What I'm trying to say is that whatever circumstance or situation we are in right now is actually part of the whole process. Amen. It's actually part of the whole process. That is why I love this scripture. say which is and which was and which is to come. The Almighty. Amen. Amen. Said I am the alpha and omega. Amen. We want to go to this scripture. Amen. Help us Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now I'm getting to my main scripture tonight. Second Peter. Uhhuh. Second Peter chapter 1. Yes sir. Verse 1 to4. Uhhuh. Second Peter chapter 1 verse 1-4. Amen. Amen. And we're going to take verse 15 as well. So he said, "Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our savior Jesus Christ, grace and peace be multiplied unto you." I love this thing so much, brother. Amen. Brother Brown said this that God works with the way we think. If you are a farmer, God is going to work his ways through your profession so you can understand him. That is why brother Abraham as a hunter, God has to use him, use his profession to reveal himself to him. Amen. Amen. So looking at Peter, Amen. Peter saw the manifestation of Christ. But on the day of Pentecost, he saw a multiplication. So when Peter is approaching the people of God, his mind is a multiplication. He's not just saying peace and grace. He's talking about multiply. Now when you go to first Peter, he still talks about multiply, peace and grace. Amen. So what I'm trying to say is that when God has given something to the bride of Christ. Amen. That thinking is how we are supposed to go or that is how God is going to use us to think. When he's saying that we are gods, he's trying to deliver something to our minds so we begin to think that way. [Applause] Amen. Now, let's go to verse 15. Verse 15 says this. Moreover, sorry, let me finish with all that. I said one to four. Let me finish. So verse two, it say, "Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord." According as his divine power has given unto us all things. Amen. That pertain unto life and godliness. Amen. through the knowledge of him that had called us to glory and virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises, that by this ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the word through lust. Amen. Now 15 it says, "Moreover, I will endeavor that ye may be able after my disease to have these things always always." Always in remembrance. That's right. So my subject tonight is the power of remembrance. Amen. Yes. Peter said, "Let's have this always in remembrance." Amen. So the question is, are we the ones who are doing our own remembering? Amen. Amen. Now, let me read this quote from the Patmos vision before I read that scripture. Amen. He said, "Now the beginning when God, the Bible said in Revelation that the antichrist in the last days, now look at this churches all getting together. The antichrist in the last days will deceive all that was on the earth, whose names were not written in the lamb's book of life from the foundation of the world." Now, when was your name put on the book of life? Uh-huh. So, the prophet said, "Before we ever had a word," That's right. Now, this I just love this. He said, "You were chosen to receive That's right. the Holy Ghost in this age." You were chosen to receive the Holy Ghost in this age. It is a promise that is given to the bride. Amen. And that's what the prophet is saying to us that we were chosen. When we are seeing the antichrist doing whatever he's doing, the standard of the Holy Ghost, the prophet said we were the chosen vessels. God has chosen us to overcome whatever the antichrist is doing in this last age. Amen. Yes sir. Now let's take this scripture. Are we the one doing the remembering? John chapter 14. There it is. John 14. John 14 verse 1-4. It says let not your heart be troubled. Ye believe in God, believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. I receive you unto myself. Amen. And whether I go, you know, and the way you know. Now we go to 16. Let's jump to 16. Hallelujah. Verse 16. And I will pray the father that he shall give you another comforter. Amen. The question is who is praying? Amen. Amen. He send you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but he ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. So he said, I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Amen. Now let's go to 26 to 28. That's it. Amen. Said, "But the comforter." Now Christ is giving us what he's going to do. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things. Amen. He shall teach you all things and bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I have said unto you. Amen. Amen. That is what the Holy Ghost is doing. So, brother Brown said, "We were chosen in this age for this day's Holy Ghost." So the Holy Ghost is supposed to teach us all things. We've come to the capstone ministry. So it is a promise to the bride. Amen. And he's saying that he's bringing us to remembrance. It means that somebody might forget something. Somebody can go into a situation, a sickness, a trouble. Amen. And might forget. Yes, sir. But then he said he's doing one thing. He shall bring to you the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost. He shall bring the spirit of remembrance. He's coming to remember the promises that he gave to you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I take this quote. Hallelujah. I'm going to read some quotes tonight. Amen. Wonderful. This is from the message the resurrection of Lazarus preached in 59. Amen. He said paragraph 28. He said, "And now there are those sitting here who are feeble this afternoon." Amen. That's in need of physical healing. Amen. So, anybody who is in need of healing, the Lord has already heard your prayer. Amen. And we have chosen these few words to read from dine. Amen. The prophet is praying. And may the Holy Spirit, the third person of the trinity, we understand that very well. Come in now. He said the promise, the comforter. Amen. The comforter is the promise. Amen. He said that you said you will send and he will take the things of God. And will show them to us. That's right. Amen. And as your humble servant here speaks, sanctify the lips. Amen. The same thing brother said. Amen. Sanctify the lips that speak. Circumcise them, Lord. Taking away all words that will not be suitable. Amen. And the hearts and ears out there. That's to receive it. May the Holy Spirit take the word right straight to the heart. That's our prayer tonight. The next quote is the same message. He said, "And may it fall on good ground fing forth a hundfold." That's right. Now, we're talking about multiplication. Yes, sir. The prophet is interested in the hundfold. We're going to get somewhere tonight. Amen. When you see the 100fold, there's a scripture where we are 30, 60, 100fold. That's right. But the prophet, the prophet's ambition, Yes, sir. is that we receive the 100fold. That's right. He never said 60. He never said 30. We are going to get to that. Amen. It said, "And may this afternoon, Lord, while we are yet speaking, Amen. May the Holy Ghost come into the building as a rushing mighty wind like it did on the day of Pentecost. May the street be crowded out here with people. Amen. God granted Father. Amen. May the feeble be made well, the lame walking, the blind seeing, the deaf hear, the damp speak, those that are bound with sickness be set free. May there be such a joy in the camp till every heart will be so thrilled till they just don't know where they're at or what they're doing. That is the prayer tonight. We read this. Do you now believe? Amen. Now the prophet said, "Now he sits at the right hand of the father tonight, God Almighty." Yes, sir. To make as a high priest to act in ourstead. That's right. Do you believe that? To make intercessions upon our confession. Amen. Is that right? Hebrews 3:1. He's the high priest of our confession. Whatever we confess that he has done. Whatever we confess, not what he's going to do. But what he has done. Amen. He said first we have to believe it. Then we confess it. Amen. He's setting before the father to make that right. Amen. Amen. Is that true? Amen. Now, is if there's a fundamentalist here. Amen. I believe all those spirits are out by now. Amen. That's as sound as I know the scripture. Amen. All right. Then he said, "I'll pray the father. He will send you another comforter, which was the Holy Ghost. He will abide with you forever. He will not testify himself, but he will testify of me. Whatever he sees that he will do and he will show you things that is to come. Is that right? That's right. Amen. Yes, sir. Now, this message, do you the same message? Do you believe he said now the world may take the word and scrum it all up in these theological seminaries, amen, and teach this and philosophy and so forth and psychology and theory and so forth. They might do that. But yet one thing sure, we have the Holy Spirit as a divine witness. And if that is truly the Holy Spirit, then it bears record of Christ. For it is Christ in spirit form. So when we are talking about God in you, Amen. The Holy Ghost, the prophet is saying that Christ in spirit form. Yes, sir. So, that doesn't make it different from the same Jesus that was 2,000 years ago. Because he's now in spirit form in his bride. Amen. It say a little while and the world seeth me no more. But you will see me for I will be with you even in you. Making him the same here on earth in spirit form until the end of the age. Amen. So, you get it? Now I take my time so it'll really soak in good. We should be used to this um statement by now. Take my time so it really soak in good. Amen. Now let's watch. Amen. Then by their fruit he shall know them. Now if any man be in Christ, he be a new creature. Amen. Then God has set in the church different things. We are getting somewhere. Amen. Now, man can testify of anything, but until God confirms that and said it's so, it isn't so. All right? You've got a right to disbelieve it. He said, "When man testify something and God does not confirm it, we have every right to disbelieve it." until God vindicates that it's the truth, then you have no right, no more right to disbelieve God. So when God vindicates something, there's no more right to disbelieve God. That's what the prophet is saying. Yes, sir. Now, question and answers in 54 said, you say, "Well, glory to God." The Bible said when the Holy Ghost is come, you don't need any teacher. He's the teacher himself. The prophet said, "Oh brother, how can you be so little to read the scripture?" Why did the Holy Ghost setteers in the church then? [Music] Amen. Amen. So spoken word tabernacle when we see a teaching ministry in a church it is a promise that the Lord gave us that represents the Holy Ghost to you. Because the Holy Ghost is a teacher and the Holy Ghost uses a vessel. Amen. It's a say I don't have to have anybody teach me to teach me. The Holy Ghost teaches me. I have the Holy Ghost. He's teaching me. I understand by the Holy Ghost. He said it does through a teacher. He said he said teachers in the church. Amen. He said are all teachers are all apostles are all gifts of healing. The Holy Ghost said these things in the church and he operates them all. And each one of them operates orderly. That's right. Each one of them operates orderly. I want to read this before I say anything. Amen. He said this is in 54 question and answers. He said, "Oh, please church." Now this is strong now. Amen. Have faith just a little while. See, you must come under teaching. [Applause] The prophet said you must just like how the scripture said you must be born again. The prophet said you must come under teaching. Amen. It's a must. Amen. He said you say I don't need no one to teach me after the Holy Ghost has come. My friends, that gives me just a little room to doubt whether you've really got it. [Music] Amen. Amen. You really got it or not, then see the way you are acting with it. See, see the thing you're doing now. Why if this if if the Bible says the Holy Spirit is the teacher, why did the Holy Spirit put teachers in the church then? to set the church in order. The same Holy Spirit is a chill. We don't need any seminaries to go around a big bunch of men to look out these things. The Holy Spirit is a teacher. See, it's a teacher and it gives some fellow a gift of teaching. Now, this is strong. Then you must be subject to that gift. Amen. The prophecy is a must to be subject to that gift. Amen. Because the Holy Spirit is using that office to manifest the pro the promise that he gave to his church. Amen. Now I I just want to um say something later about teaching. Amen. Now teaching is to show or to explain something. So when somebody just says something to you, Amen. Sometimes we might misunderstand or sometimes we might we we might miss the point. Right? So we go back and ask what do you mean by this? That's right. That is why when Jesus spoke to the Pharisees in parables, he spoke to them, they didn't understand. But when he come to his disciples, he said it was not given to them, it was given to you. So he comes to explain now it gives a grounding to the disciples. They understand exactly what he meant. Amen. So it is to show or to explain. Now there's there's another thing about teaching. He said to cause to learn or understand something by example or experience. So to cause you to learn something by an experience. That's right. So it is teaching you. Amen. So when you see an example, you you know that um this is how it goes. Just like when we go to school, especially math class, which some of us normally run away from. Amen. That when they teach the concept, Amen. Sometimes they have to go through a lot of examples. So you can get what that concept is. After you go through all those examples, now you understand that concept. That's right. Amen. So the Holy Ghost, Amen. for him to teach us, he makes us go through things. Yes, sir. So we have an experience. So when he's saying that God is a healer, he pushes you to the point of sickness. That's right. So now when the sickness happens to you, now he's come to teach you what he means by I am the Lord that heal your diseases. So he's giving you an example. Now you understand that it is not that he was just saying it but you have been taught. That's right. Amen. You have an experience. Amen. Yes sir. Now let's um read Titus 1:3. Titus 1:3. Amen. Yes, sir. Titus 13. He said, "But have in due times manifested his word through preaching." Amen. Which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God. our savior. That's right. So the manifestation of God's word is through preaching. That's right. So when the word of God is coming, Amen. The prophet said that the gospel is not just preaching, it comes with manifestation. That's right. So preaching is a combo. So when God is saying something, he's trying to tell you that I'm about doing something. So when God comes to the church and he says something to you, he's not just saying it. He's trying to tell you that I am coming to perform this because he promised us the Holy Ghost. Who is going to teach us and part of teaching is experience? So when the Holy Ghost comes and is reminding us of something, he's trying to tell us that I'm going to show you by example. Yes. Amen. Amen. Now, we want to go to Matthew chapter 13, the parable of the swer. Yes, sir. The parable of the swer. Matthew 13. Yes, sir. Amen. And amen. Amen. Matthew 13 2-3 uh versus 2 to 23. I I'll try to see if I can go very fast. Amen. Matthew 13 2-23. And great multitudes were gathered together unto him, so that he went into a ship and sat, and the whole multitude stood on the shore. And he spake many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a s went forth to sow. And then he sowed some seeds, and and when he sowed, some seeds fell by the wayside, and the fouls came and devoured them. Some fell onto stony places where they had not much earth. And forth with they sprung up because they had no deepness of earth. Amen. And when the sun was up, they were scorched. And because they had no root, they withered away. And some fell among thorns. Amen. And some fell among thongs. Amen. And the thorns sprang up and choked them. But other fell into good ground and brought forth fruit. some 100fold, some 60fold, some 30fold. Now let's see in in uh in the dispensation of good ground there there were three categories of folds. Yes sir. The 100, the 60 and the 30. That's exactly right. Amen. And said who had ears to hear, let him hear. Amen. So now Jesus is trying to explain this. Amen. to the disciples. Amen. He said uh in 18 he said, "Hear ye therefore the parable of the swer, right? When anyone heareth the word of the kingdom, and understandeth it not, then cometh the wicked one and catcheth away that which was sown in his heart." So in in in in this category the person does not understand. So the word of God is preached but he doesn't understand. So that's the key point. He doesn't understand. So the devil comes and takes it away. That's right. Okay. Amen. So let's read 20. It said, "But he that received the seed into stony places, the same is he that heareth the word, and with joy receiveth it, yet hath he not root in himself, but endureth for a while. For when tribulation or persecution ariseth because of the word by and by he is offended. So troubled by persecutions. That's right. Persecution based on the word of God. They are troubled. They are offended. That's the second category. Yes, my brother. So um the uh 22 it say he also that receiveth seed among the thongs is he that heareth the word and the care of this world and the deceitfulness of riches choke the word and he becometh unfruitful. That's right. So the curse of the word makes this p the worse of the word makes this person become unfruitful. That's right. That's that category. Amen. But he that received seed into the good ground is he that heareth the word and understandeth it. Which also beareth fruit and bringeth forth. Psalm 100fold, Psalm 60, Psalm 30. Amen. Amen. Yes sir. So the scripture is talking about this category. I'm I'm more interested in the last category. Amen. That is talking about understanding. So the key point is that they understand the word. That's right. So understanding the word brings fruit. That's right. That's right. That's right. So the Holy Ghost intention to us is to come and explain sir so we understand the word so we can bear fruit. That is why he said he said teach us the office of teaching. Amen. So you can understand what he's talking about. So you can bear fruit. Yes. So when we see a ministry of teaching, let us rejoice cuz it is time to bear fruit. Amen. When the Holy Ghost comes in that office, he's trying to tell you that I want you to bear fruit. Now, there is one interesting thing about this category, the fourth category. Amen. In uh Luke chapter 8 verse 8 verse 15. Amen. There is something that was added to that. Right. Um how Luke talked about that. So we can look at it. Luke 8 verse 15. Yes sir. Amen. Luke 8:15. He said, "But that on the good ground are they, which in an honest and good heart, honest and good, honest and good heart, having heard the word, keep it and bring forth fruit with patience." Hallelujah. [Applause] So there is something with this group. There's a virtue that is connected to this group which we call patience. Now when we are talking about patience, the element of time comes in. [Applause] When you look at the first category, the prophet said it's just like you pour water on a duck's back. It didn't take time for the devil to come and pick the word. That's right. The second category, they moved on with a little time, but then the trial against that word made them offended. So they left the word. So they moved with time a little bit. Now the third category also extended a little more time. But then the curse of this world. Amen. The pro the prophet said their wisdom they substituted wisdom for faith. Amen. So they couldn't hold on. But this category. Hallelujah. Oh my. I want to read this. I didn't add this quote, but I want to read this. Now listen to what the prophet said. This is a message wisdom versus faith. He said, "But some fell in the valley of persecution. Some seed went over into the valley of persecution." Now in the valley of pers in the valley is where you find the water. We are talking about good grounds. Now in the valley is where you find the water. The best soil. [Applause] So talking about patience, persecution. The prophet said in a valley is where you find the best soil. That is where the water is. When you take somebody, Amen. has been beat down till he's got all the theology beat out of him, laughed out of him, made fun of him where he's been through the mills and ground it all out of him till the metal has been ready to work. You find out there is some moisture around there. Yes, that is right. He said into the valley. That fellow has been pushed over into the valley. Kicked out of his organization. He's down in the dumps. They call it see not the dumps but the valley. We are thought down in the valley. You know that's where the lily grows too. [Music] [Applause] So we get so much in in in into temptations, into persecutions, into trials. The prophet said that is where the liies grow. So So that is where the fertile ground is. And that is where we have patience. Amen. The virtue that is for the bride. Amen. The end time bride. Now when you look at these categories, Amen. The prophet said that that stony the ones that fell on the stony rock he said the Catholic church. Now now you're looking at the progression in the church ages. So the Catholic church was connected to the stony ground. Then he moved to the Protestants. Amen. That was with the taunts. So it started with Martin Luther. Then he went to uh Pentecost. So the case of the world. Amen. Made them kick Christ out. So the fourth category was talking about the end time bride. So we see that the end time bride, Amen. has a virtue called patience. Amen. There is no way that the message can ever be taken away from them because there's a virtue of the extra oil. And the extra oil is connected to patience. Because they had patience, they were able to wait. Even though their lamp went out, there was the extra oil that they had. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So he said in uh Proverbs 3:25 said, "But in this valley is a rivers of water." Amen. So this valley of persecutions is a rivers of water. Now we go to Psalms one. Yes sir. He said blessed is the man. Let me just read it. Let me show what's in this valley. He said what? Psalms. He said, I thought I wouldn't have time, but we just take time, but I'm not going to read all that. You know what I'm talking about. Amen. Amen. He said to save this year, we are going to read this and see what this man is. So the prophet is saying that we get into that valley of persecutions and said that is where the fertile ground is. That is where the good ground is for the seed to have roots. Amen. Of patience to overcome every power of the devil. Amen. So when we go through persecutions, let us remember the spirit of the Lord is telling us that that is a sign of good ground. That is a sign of fertile ground because the seed is going to grow. Amen. [Music] Now we want to look at some attributes of remembrance. What when we say remembrance, what do we mean? What what are things that are connected to remembrance? Amen. Um let's look at 1 Corinthians 15 verse 2. Yes. And I got this scripture from a brother today. Amen. And actually open up more fire. Amen. 1 Corinthians 15:2 it said, "By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory, what I preach unto you, unless you have believed in vain." So one thing about remembrance is a sustaining of our salvation. Amen. or the power to resurrect whatever has been given to us. That's a spirit of remembrance. When you when when somebody promises you I always love to do this illustration or this example. When somebody promises you Today I'm going to do a $100,000 check. Yes. So somebody promises histo $100,000 check. Amen. Amen. Now at that point it's a promise. Amen. For it to actually manifest there is a time connected to it. Amen. So when we give a promise there's a time the manifestation comes. Now before that manifestation will come there has to be a remembrance. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So she can say that I am going to remember you. You said um in five weeks time I'm going to get a check of $100,000. When it is five weeks, if the sister doesn't go and say it is five weeks, right, she will never get the $100,000 check. But when she goes and say, "I'm bringing to your remembrance the promise you gave." Then it resurrects whatever promise was given. And that is a time of fulfillment. [Music] Amen. So Paul is saying that let us keep this in memory. The word that was preached unto us, it should be in our memory for our own salvation. Amen. Amen. We want to look at one one other thing about remembrance. Amen. A rebound effect. Now, we all know what a rebound is. When I take uh a ball and I throw it against the wall. It hits it and it come bounces back to me. That's a simple example of a rebound. Amen. A rebound effect. Another example is uh maybe in the medical field. Amen. I'm not in the medical field, but I'm just giving this illustration. Amen. When let's say you go to see a doctor. Amen. And you have u maybe an infection. Amen. right? A bacterial infection or something like that. And the doctor says, "I'm going to give you a prescription. Take antibiotics." Amen. For 7 days, right? And the doctor says, "Make sure you finish that course or finish the whole seven days." And then maybe by seeing the doctor, Amen. Your faith was so high. Sometimes we are sick and when we go to the hospital the the moment we see the hospital building we are always healed. Amen. So maybe when you saw the doctor you already healed. You felt the healing. So um so when you got home you just took one uh one pill. Amen. And then you started feeling all right. Okay. But you're supposed to go seven days. Amen. So uh because you were feeling all right, you left it right now. When you took that medication for that day, it killed some portion of the bacteria and it left some remnant. Now this is what they do. They put on extra muscles. So what we call rebound effect. Now they begin to resist. They resist medication. So what happens is that the doctor will have to increase the dose. I'm just trying to talk about rebound. Amen. To increase the dose to be able to fight that. Now they had they they went through a time of um hardship. I'm talking about the bacteria. They went through a time of hardship. So now they began to put on muscles. That's that's what happens to some of us when we go through certain situations and and and and and we see it coming back again and you're like, you know what, I'm not going to allow you to do this anymore. Amen. That is a kind of rebound. And and sometimes to um I don't want to go to this rod, but I just want to say it. Amen. Sometimes some some of um our young brothers or our young sisters who um found themselves in a kind of relationship situation a kind of relationship situation. Amen. And it didn't happen. Amen. And some something happened to them. Amen. Amen. Because something was taken away. Okay. There's a tendency to easily fall to something else or to fall to someone else. That's true. Because the first one gave them a lesson. Amen. So it took something away from them. So when they are not careful, they easily jump into another one. So it's two ways. They either easily jump into another one or now they don't even want to go anywhere. Amen. I'm I'm just giving some illustrations of rebound effect. So when God gives us a promise Amen. and he comes to remember us, it brings a kind of rebound effect. Amen. So when he resurrects whatever he said to you, it is time for action. So when the Holy Ghost comes and says, "Remember I told you that I am the Lord that healed your diseases." Glory to God. He's trying to remember you something. Amen. And the moment you hear that, you put on a sort of strength. So sometimes we can be going through situations and and sometimes we we end up forgetting what the promises of God were. Then all of a sudden the remembrance come to you. What happens to you? You begin to fight. Your muscles begin to grow. Amen. It is a rebound. Amen. To fight that enemy. Amen. That's a spirit of remembrance. Amen. Now remembrance has an element of time. It is time specific. Amen. When somebody gives a promise before you can talk about remembrance, Amen. you must have an agreement first, like a beginning, right? Before you now come and have remembrance. So there's a time that elapsed between when the promise was made and the time of remembrance. Amen. Let's read Exodus 2 23 25. Exodus 2, Exodus 23:25. He said, "And it came to pass in process of time that the king of Egypt died, and the children of Israel sighed by reason of the bondage, and they cried, and their cry came up unto God by reason of the bondage." And God heard their groaning, and God remembered his covenant with Abraham, with Isaac, and with Jacob. So the Bible said in the process of time. Amen. So God gave a promise to Abraham to Isaac. But then when the time came, he said, "I remembered." Amen. So remembrance is connected to time. Amen. So I can't promise you today and say I'm remembering you because it's still fresh. Amen. I am not resurrecting a memory. Amen. So it it's so as as I said it's connected to time and remembrance act as a reserve resource like a reserve tank. So like we have a book of remembrance. Whatever um the saints were doing or whatever they were doing the house of God Bible says that it was written in the book of remembrance. So it was stored there for them when the time came. Amen. It got resurrected. Amen. So remembrance is a store for us. So when God is talking to the bride, Amen. Bible says that God is willing to save the whole earth, the whole world. He's willing to save everybody. But say but by fornowledge. Amen. Now forn knowledge is something that was already done down like he had it in the past but by fornowledge he can't save everybody. He he will only save those who were predestinated. Amen. So something had been reserved down for the bride. That is why the bride has that attribute of patience. To have a reserve tank. Amen. No matter the condition, we can be able to withstand anything. Amen. Now, remembrance is energetic. Energetic. That's exactly right. Amen. Amen. Remembrance is energetic. When let's say you've talked about something for a long time and somebody comes to remember you I don't think the spirit in you is just going to be quiet. There's going to be an excitement. Amen. So when the Holy Ghost is coming with a spirit of remembrance, the church is not supposed to be a quiet church. Because when he's coming to remember you, the promises he gave to you that is stimulating something in you. Amen. [Applause] Now from the message, the arrow of God's deliverance shot from a bow. I just love this. The arrow of God's deliverance shot from a bow. Amen. He said, "Why?" The reason Moses failed in the first place, guess what was the matter? It was the lack of having what the burning bush had. That's right. And what's our failure today is lack having what the Holy Spirit has. He said, "And the Holy Spirit has all good things for us. And if we receive the Holy Spirit, then all things are possible and not only possible but promised to us. [Applause] So the prophet is saying that everything that is possible was promised to us. Amen. He said we are not just saying things are possible but he said everything that is possible was promised to us. Amen. Amen. He said Jesus said, "Ask the father anything in my name, I will do it. If you abide in me and my words in you, ask what you will, it will be given to you." See, when we step into the light of God's word with the uncction of the Holy Spirit to shine the light on it, brother, the impossible becomes little things then. Amen. So it means to us the impossible are supposed to be little things. The prophet said that is the promise to us. He said God asked us to believe his word. He sends the Holy Spirit to energize that word when he falls into it. So when he's coming as a spirit of remembrance, he's coming to energize the word. So the Holy Ghost is energetic. The Holy Ghost is an energy that comes to us to resurrect the promise that he gave to us. Amen. He said when the word's been preached and the Holy Spirit brings the word, he energizes that and flashes the same light of God's blessed promise. God said, "I have remembered my promise to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and I'm sending you down there to do it." See, when God's word, his promise becomes enlightened by the presence of the angel of the Lord. Amen. Now, in this message and Exodus, Amen. The the prophet said, "Notice said, Moses, I've seen the suffering of my people. I've remembered my promise. Amen. The person said, I love that God always remembers every promise he made. God always remembers every promise he made. Not some promises, but every promise. So the prophet said that the impossible was promised to us. So God remembers the impossible. Amen. God remembers the impossible because he promised that to the bride. So it means that once we are moving our memory is supposed to be remembering the impossible things. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I want to read this message conference. It said then when we find out that after 400 years of bondage and the Egyptians rose up there and there was a pharaoh that did not know Joseph and finally come to a place they were made to serve with rigor. How the Egyptians made slaves out of them and beat them and drove them like cattle. God ordained a prophet to rise up. That prophet ran away, married a beautiful Ethiopian girl and had a son Gersham and was well satisfied to inherit a lot of money. I mean he he was living a good life and all that. Amen. Beautiful lady, a son. He was he was ready to kind of inherit the riches of Jethro. Amen. But Bible said God remembered. Amen. Amen. So God remembered. Amen. Amen. So sometimes we can just be going through our um very good time. Everything is all right. Everything is going good for us. Everything the job is going good. I mean the money is coming and everything. But then sometimes God remembers a promise. Glory to God. So when God remembers a promise, it's time for action. Amen. He said, "I'm so glad he remembers. He remembered his covenant. He remembered Eden. He remembered Abraham. He remembers every word that he ever promised. Everything that he ever said, he's the infinite God. He remembered it all. And he remembered he's made the promise." He said there's only one thing for God to do that's keep his word. And to keep his word, he had ordained a prophet. So when you are seeing a prophet, Amen. It means God is keeping his word. Amen. Amen. Now there there's this um time where God wanted to destroy his own people because they were sinning, right? Now there stood a prophet called Moses. Amen. And he said that when you destroy these people, what do um the enemy say that he just took them out to come and destroy them. So sometimes we have the power to remember God. Come on, brother. Sometimes we go to God, brother. And remember him, brother. So, it's not just God remembering, but he's also giving us that power to remember. Amen. The same thing with Hezekiah. When he was told that he was going to die, he went back to pray and said, "Lord, I have done this. I have done that. I have done this." Amen. So now let's read this in the part's vision. So now we see two omnipotent talking. So in the message department the part's vision he said amen cut every obstacle from human beings that they might be connected like in the garden of Eden. Now men I was going to choke it but I'm going to say it. Man is omally important. [Applause] So when man comes in prayer and stands before God, it is an omnipotent that is talking when that man is in the word of God bringing God to remembrance his own word. Amen. Amen. He said you don't believe that. He said but he is. A man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent. Did not he say in Mark 11:22, "Whatsoever things you say and don't doubt in your heart, it will come to pass, you can have what you have said." He said, "What happens when two omnipotent meet?" When God and man comes together, two omnipotent, something's got to shake. Amen. Whatsoever you say with that creative power of omnipotence of God, knowing that he's promised it and he said it is in his word, it creates a power that goes out yonder and bring things to pass, things that is not. It makes them as though they are because two omnipotent have met. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, in closing, Amen. This I didn't put up there from the message, and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies. He said, "Let's be hundfold." The prophet is saying that, "Let us be a hundfold." Cuz remember in in in in that parable, right, the last category, okay, that had the fetter ground, we had three folds, the 100fold, the 60fold, and the 30fold. The prophet doesn't care about 60 and 30. The prophet want us to get everything. So don't say because the Lord has healed me, it is enough. Don't say because the Lord has provided me a new car, it is enough. No. Don't say because the Lord has given me a new house, it is enough. Every promise the prophet said, "Let us be the hundfold." He said, "Let's go way over. Sell out everything from the world and look to Christ and believe him with all of our hearts." That's how these things happen. That's how visions come. That's how power to God of God moves amongst us is when we are no roots of bitterness and everything is cleaned out and the Holy Spirit can work through us. Then we become channel That's it. That's it. Amen. Amen. So he said, "And may this in blind body males." Amen. He said, "And may God bring it back to you multiply." Hipped up, run down, shaken down a hundfold is my prayer. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. So the promise to us is that the hundfold is ours. It's not just something that is impossible. It is a promise. Amen. And everything that is impossible, the prophet is saying that we are omnipotent. Whatever we come to God in prayer, as long as it's a promise of God to us, amen, it is possible and it is promised to us. Amen. So, invite brother Steven. Amen. To continue with the service. Amen. Tonight. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Amen. The power of remembrance. Amen. Very simple but deep. God break it. So simple but deep. Amen. God bringing his own word in remembrance into you. That's what it is. Amen. Amen. You read the scripture today. You don't understand why you're reading it. You don't see the purpose of reading that scripture. You don't understand why you're reading that that scripture. Brother Steven keep telling you every Sunday listen to the word listen to the message. You listen to the message it looks like what you are reading is going down. It looks like you don't even remember some of them. You catch up and you find yourself asleep. But until a trouble come, then somehow then somehow you will feel something coming up like I don't really know which message but I remember brother Brown. I'm saying this. That is not you remembering. That is the Holy Spirit bringing to remembrance. the thing that he already spoke to you. Are we together? Why didn't the spirit remind you all of this all along until something happened? That's why brother Brandham say again, whatever the lord lead your soul to believe that is yours. Amen. Amen. Amen. We got spoiled by movies because in movies God have a deep voice. Abraham. Abraham. So when you ask somebody in this message, have God ever speak to you? Try that. You will hear them. I know God speak. No, no, no, no, no, no. Have God ever speak to you? What actually they asking you? Have you ever heard Abraham? Abraham lmon lmon that's what they asking you God speak many ways when you asking me does God have already spoke to you what do you think what do you have in mind because God may speak on a billboard God spoke on a pack of [Applause] cigarette sir You have a problem. I put the quote. A whole sermon was preached from a pack of cigarette. And God ordained that pack of cigarette to be there so that brother Brandham can draw the the the very tallel. It's shaking you. Is he shaking you? God brought a larger food from a crew. An unclean bird. That's right. Are we together? That's why brother Brandham say if you have God inside, you will see God everywhere. [Applause] Amen. So read the word. So you know the promise of God. Listen to the tape. Listen to the message. Read the message so you know God promised for you. Because we already realized that the message is not a message of a man. It was God speaking through us using a prophet. So what was spoken in the message is the word of God. So whenever you hear something going on, God knows why. Why should I read a story about John Shar? It might be nothing for you. Come on, brother. Yes, sir. But when I was reading about John Shar, something in me begin to fight like, hey, hey, let me have John Shar. Amen. Maybe for you it's a story but for me it bring a scratch in my heart in my soul something is scratching because whenever I'm going to go through trial I will remember John Shared the power of remembrance is what gave David energy to destroy Goliath. He remembered what God did with the lion and what God did with the bear. God have done so many things. So you got promises in the Bible. You got promises in the message and your own life have already wrote a book, a Bible. Amen. So you can say I remember going through allergies before and God delivered me out of allergies. If God deliver me out of allergy in 2022, I believe that the same God will do it today. Who is bringing you that experience back? Amen. Do you think the devil will bring you something that will deliver you? No, sir. The devil want to bring you Do you know that the devil also have a power of remembrance? I don't know. This just dropped. Yes, sir. Do you know that? Yes, sir. Oh, have I said something wrong? The devil have also a power of remembrance. And he's very good at that. And he's very good in detail. Are we together? You will see some people that are anointed by the devil. They remember your fault in detail. And every time you want to rise up, they want to beat you down with it. Not you. You remember what you did in 2027. That's the devil remembering. You also need to remember that person in faith that do you remember Calvary? Do you remember the blood of Calvary? Do you remember what Calvary did for me? Calvary took it all out and wipe everything for me and I am justified like I have never done it to begin with. Yes sir. Glory to God. When the when the devil bring into remembrance those depression, those disappointment, those things in life, God will also send a surge of the spirit of the Lord to give you power and energy to remember that I am the Lord. I am the one in the midst of you. Are we together? I am the one. Though you walk through the valley of the sha, though you going through persecution, remember it's a hundfold, you will bring fruit. Fruit come with patience because fruit come in their own season. That's why the virtue of patience is given to you to tar. Though the promise take time, wait, wait. Because wait that waiting is going with patience because your promise will come to fruition. Whatever God spoke will happen. The impossible is little things. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. If somebody tell you something that is impossible, don't stand in their way. If you don't have enough faith, just say I believe it and move on. Amen. If somebody tells me God can create a new tooth, I say amen. Because God is a creator. I just say amen. Am I not experienced that? But I'm not going to say no because God can do anything. Are we together? Whatever God put in his word, we say amen to it. You can believe for your brother. You can believe for your wife. You can believe. It was the faith of Abraham that touched Sarah over there. Sarah doubted the promise and produced Ishmael. But Abraham was going every day getting stronger and stronger in the promises of God and God brought it to pass. Two omnipotent are speaking. God and God are talking. Two omnipotent. When we say omnipotent of God, we believe it. When we say you are omnipotent, then we start scratching our head because the devil is now reminding you how human you are. But God have spoken to you four five month about how divine you are. So it's time to also remind the devil every day that remember God is leaving the house. God is going to work. Yes sir. Do you know that God worked? Jesus was working in the carpenter. The Bible call him a carpenter. That was his job. That's right. So what is the problem if I go to work? God work. Jesus work you come he's the god in human flesh the fullness of the god had badly he was going there that was the creator of heaven and earth that's why they say you a man calling yourself god you who work over there calling yourself god man let's stone you in this message we are ready for the stone my friend but we will stand for our position you our God. Amen. The power of remembrance. Let's stand. Glory to God. Wonderful, my brother. Amen. Glory to God. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you again humbly tonight. Father we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy and for everything that you have been doing for us and in this church speaking to us about the valley of persecution, the valley of trial, the valley of suffering. Many time our attention goes to the suffering but tonight you spoke to us that in that valley there are rivers of water. In that valley, Father, it's a fertile ground. That is exactly where the seed will grow, Father, when going through this difficult time, Lord. Father, all of that is working together for good for us, Lord. Father, we thank you for the Holy Spirit, Lord. Father, you laid the ground of the Holy Spirit on Sunday, and you insisted so much. And here come the brother do telling straight ahead in that same line not even knowing what will be preached on Sunday. And father you connected everything together. Lord we thank you for being in the midst of us. We thank you for being the teacher at the pulpit and the teacher in the heart Lord to interpret your word so that we can understand it and know exactly what you want us to do Lord. Father, may you let no one be under the distraction, Lord, but may we focus in the remembrance of the Holy Spirit, Lord. And may we be, Lord, Father, so attentive to the spirit to be able to catch it quickly to work on that possession when you bring things back to our remembrance because you wanted to manifest something to us, Lord. Father, we thank you because that power was given to men that man can also remind you, Lord. Oh God, just like Moses could talk to you. Just like you could talk to him face to face, Lord. Father, you talk to a man face to face before the blood of Calvary. And the blood of Calvary came, Lord, to redeem man in order, Lord, Father, that God deity may dwell in man, Lord. That's why Luke 17:30 could not be fulfilled to the Gentile because the blood of Calvary was not shed yet, Lord. But because the blood was shed, now it's possible for God to inhabit it and to dwell in you, God, to speak to come in us and speak through us, Lord. Father, Lord, may you bless this church and may you bless the invisible audience as well. And may you keep us safe and we commit the appreciation dinner and the remaining of the week unto the hand. May your blood continue to protect us, Father. May you give us travel mercy as we go into our respective place and bless our soul abundantly and strengthen your men's servant Lord Father tonight in Jesus precious name. Hallelujah. Go ahead John. Amen. [Music] [Music] I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All on my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. [Music] Oh, I will sing. Y'all are dismissed. We're going to finish the song if you'd like to stay and sing it with us. Amen. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest night, you are close like no other. [Music] I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have live in the goodness of [Music] God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] Cuz all my life you have been faithful. You're faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, I will sing of the goodness of [Music] God. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] [Applause] Your goodness is running after me. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I'm surrender now. I give you. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I give you every day. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. [Music] All my life you have been faithful, my Lord. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life will all my life you have been faithful. All my life you been faithful. In all my life, you have been so so good. With every breath that I have made, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing. I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing. I will sing of the goodness of God.
