################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-12-19 - 00005 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-12-19
Title:   00005
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x0cIVFp5FCk
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
of the Lord. I'm still chewing on a bit that I have in the office here. Glad to welcome you to the house of the Lord today. Snowing outside, beginning to feel like Christmas and we're glad that we can be in the house of the Lord. So, you're welcome here today. May the Lord richly bless you knowing that after the service at 5 we have our Christmas dinner where we're going to get together and have a wonderful time of fellowship uh together like that. We welcome the Zanchises back from Korea. Uh God bless you both. Glad to see you here in the house of the Lord. Amen. God bless every one of you. I'm going to go to the word. Um, did we ever get that heat worked up? Oh, so we worked up our body heat. Ah, I see. The old fashioned way and praise God when we got together, clapped our hands and worked up the heat of the body and that took charge of the building. That's why we should close that back door. Are you starting to come now? Oh, okay. He praises. That's good. Praise the Lord. All right. So, everything is all right. Everybody's okay. Nobody's toes are freezing or anything like that. When I first came to Canada, of course, the uh guys were joking with me on the construction site. And so, you have to be very careful because, you know, you can break off your earrings. Of course, I didn't know. So, I was really scared. But that's the way it is. But we're glad that we can be in the house of the Lord. Uh we see visitors here. We're glad to welcome you. Glad for every one of you that are here today in God's house, in God's day. Um let's go to the scripture. John chapter 10. We're going to read verses 1 to 5 then 22- 28. Just before we read the word, let us pray. Praise the Lord. Our gracious Father, once again we are privileged and honored to come into your house and to lift up your name and to praise you. We are not here by form or fashion or tradition, but we come in the power of the Holy Spirit with the anointing of the living God upon us. May the may the scripture fulfill itself. May your people receive the word. May they recognize the voice of God in these last days. And we have come to worship him. Lord Jesus, may the scriptures come alive and may we recognize ourselves in the mirror of God's word and respond to your call. We ask your blessing now with the forgiveness of our sins that we may freely receive the word in Jesus' name. Amen. And amen. The Lord richly bless you. Let's read together. Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that enterth not by the door into the sheepfold, but climbth up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber. But he that enterth in by the door is the shepherd of the sheep. To him the porter openeth, and the sheep hear his voice, and he calleth his own sheep by name. That is where I take my thought from. And lead them out. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh and when he had put forth his own sheep, he went before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice. and a stranger will they not follow but will flee from him for they know not the voice of strangers. Verse 22- 28 and it was at Jerusalem the feast of the dedication and uh it was winter and Jesus walked in the temple in Solman's porch. Then came the Jews round about him and said unto him, "How long dust thou make us to doubt? If thou be the Christ, tell us plainly." Jesus answered them, I told you, and you believe not. The works that I do in my father's name, they bear witness of me. But you believe not, because you are not of my sheep. As I said unto you, my sheep hear my voice and I know them and they follow me and I give unto them eternal life. Oh, these pages are so thin. Uh, and they shall never perish, neither shall any man knock them out of my hand. Praise the Lord. God bless the reading of the word. Oh, praise God. to see for many faces. Please be seated. Hallelujah. I just like the brothers to pray to play a clip of a video of brother Graham uh under the anointing of the Holy Spirit. And just before I speak, uh somebody control the lights so that we can lack the effect of it. [Music] switched him off. God seeks man. Never did a man seek God in all the world. God seeking man. When man first fell in the garden of Eden and showed the strain of man man he God was unman. Jesus said, "No man can come to me except my father at home." It has to be through the father first and then I would like to explain something to you. Uh seeing a vision, how many people in here ever dream a dream? Let's see your hands. I guess twothirds of you. There is true that many people doesn't dream. That's your subconscious. We're taught here's your first conscience. Here's your subconscious. Now, this subconscious is what I'm trying uh for the Holy Spirit to work on this first conscience. I might ask this man here, any man along here somewhere, do you believe? Oh, yes, sir. You believe in here? Or what about this man down here? He's the one that runs the ship, not the man up in the powerhouse. It's the man in the engine room. Sometimes when you go to sleep, you go into this subconscious and you dream. And you dream of things you did when you were here. Then when you wake up, you remember things that you dreamed. You people had dream dreams many years ago. You dreamed them. You still remember. Well, there was some part of you somewhere. Isn't that right? Or you wouldn't remember something that you dreamed many years ago. Now the man who sleeps down, his subconscious is way back. It never gets to him. But a seer, his subconscious is not back there. Neither is it here. It's right here. He doesn't go to sleep. He's got his eyes open and he just sees. Now that God gave that man a place where he could sleep sound and not dream. God gave man the way to dream. Dreams. I'd say dream be a dream. You couldn't do it. And then God, what's in the church? Son, apostles, prophets, gifts of healing. Is that right? They're all for the perfect protecting of the church. Paul said, "If there come if you all speak with tongues and the unlearned comes in, won't he say you're all mad?" But if one prophesies and reveals the secrets of the heart, won't they fall down and say, "Surely God is with you." Is that right? Is that the gospel? Although Jesus Christ yesterday, isn't he today? You can believe him by speaking with tongue. You can grieve him by the Holy Spirit. and I believe him in the full measure that he is. The same Lord Jesus. He's not dead. He rose from the dead and here tonight here at the platform now and may be blessed in health. I've never been in this country before and as far as I know there's not a living soul that I can see before me that I know. Very few here on the platform. I remember him. I've seen the man there next to him. I won't remember his name, but and I brother Lindsay, just a maybe three or four ministers sitting here that I know in the building, but God knows all of you. Is that true? He knows all of you. Now, this lady standing here, God in heaven knows I've never seen her in my life as I know. Are we strangers? Lady, we are perfect strangers. But God knows her. Now, if Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever, let's change a picture. Now, what he was yesterday when he was going to find out something about a woman, he said, "Bring me a drink." She said, "Wow, it's not customary for this to happen. Jews and so forth are the Samaritans." But Jesus speaking to her, a little while, he found just where her trouble was. Is that right? Well, now Jesus has risen from the dead now and living in us tonight. A little plot. The world sees me no more, yet you shall see me. For I I'm the personal pronoun. I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. That's the gospel truth. You might not have read it that way or thought of it that way, but that's the way it's written in the Bible. That's your feel. You might have bypassed it somewhere, but that's the way it's written in the Bible. I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world. Now I you know I'm waiting for something that is true. It's the angel of the Lord. And that's true. I'm just as helpless as it could be just like any rest of you. And I'm here perhaps with critics sitting there. How many ever seen his picture of knowing you can see where the scientific taken his picture at a great light and comes in. You can watch it. Yes. Many of you saw the thousands of copies been sold and so forth. The Douglas Studios in Houston, Texas has it for George J. lazy day one of the best in the research in America. take this big any way to advance this when he's actually deserve Jesus Christ himself as being the same destiny and toleration of course I wait for him whether he will help me you go to a doctor sick and upset he gives you an aspirin he's not a good doctor he's trying to get rid of it if he's a good doctor he'll diagnose the case so that something's going on of course it's just now happening now that is true let the people see by your left lifted That's right. See, it's that's crazy. That's what I see. Now, I I'm a stranger to you and never seen you in my life. Now, if the Holy Spirit that I have spoke of of Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever, if I have truly witnessed that to the people and declare it to be the truth, and he is the same, then he will reveal to me something to you that would help you to believe me. If you're you don't watch, you have need. Uh, but he does. Now, if God will permit that, would you accept your healing and or or whatever it is you want, finance or whatever it is you're you're just seeking for to ask him about or domestic troubles, whatever it might be, whatever it is, he'll know and he'll be able to let me know. Is that right? And that would make him the same as he talked to the woman at the well. Now, I'm only talking to you like he did to contact your spirit when I see you moving from you're you're a You've had a I see a great crash of some sort. It's an accident. Yes. And you it was a car wreck and you were thrown in the air like that. Yes. And it's strange you had somewhere in your neck. It's caused a a cancer to come into your neck or and you're some sort of a teach in the scripture and you believe that Jesus Christ makes you well. I do. Father God, in the name of thy son Jesus Christ, on the authority of God's word by a dying woman, I ask this evil thing to leave her. Satan, you are exposed. So come out of the woman as the church of the living God calls for you to leave in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you. Now just for just a moment just want to talk to you for you know it's gone now it'll stay there. We see how your throats praise the gone from her. The the gardener has left your children. She makes you wonder how be thankful have rejoice and be now just have faith in the Lord Jesus. Make him be your center of your thought right now. Lord Jesus, as you think on these things, while we were thinking on these things, they were more hard. Remember, Jesus the same yesterday, today, and forever. He is the same today. Now have faith. Watch this way, audience, and believe with all your heart and give me your undivided attention. Be in prayer. Keep faith in God. Now, I believe this is the way you need to listen to me. All right. Come near, sister. Of course, that won't hurt you now. That's that's just his presence that you're conscious of. an audience. I I'm I'm your brother. I This is not psychology. I felt like coming into the audience. It isn't. It's almighty God. See, it's not psychology. No, it is. Now, don't do that. Just think of being the Lord Jesus. See, and want a car. Now, sister, I just want to speak with you just a moment. We're strangers, I suppose. But Jesus Christ knows the both of us. This is our first time meeting on earth, but he knows you and he's fed you all your life. And he knows me. And if I, your brother, and by his grace, by divine gift that had nothing to do with it coming, when I was born a little baby, the first thing I can remember was a vision. down. I want you to look this way just a moment. Of course, you're sick and you're suffering with a a condition. It's a it's a dark spirit around. It's death and it's an a form of cancer. And the cancer is located on the breast. and you are senior examined by someone strong and it's a you got a a ruptured condition and the rupture is in the bowels and you have a stomach trouble also a severe heart trouble it caused you fainting a few days ago you're sitting sideway on the side of bed and nearly passed out looking towards your window are those things the truth that was true all truth or whatever it was where it's gone from you but what do you think that was that knows your life was it Jesus Christ you accept it to be that thank you you're willing you know that something supernatural is here and if you believe it to be the Lord Jesus as I preached it out of the word and you believe it to be the Lord Jesus yes I do I know there's a dark spirit still hanging at you yet? Something very serious. Say, I see you. Your name is uh Eva and your last name is York and you live in this city and your house number is 6136 Street. Is that right? You're going home to be well. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. God bless you. Thanks, please. Uh, I wanted you to actually see, you hear me, you hear us speak about the prophet of the 20th century. That's him, brother William Brand. All these evangelists today copied off this man who was the genuine original prophet of the generation. God promised in Malachi 4:5 that he would send a prophet in for the Gentiles in this generation. The Jews, all the prophets were Jews, but one would come to the Gentiles. That's him that you just saw. And he's called people up, told them their names, tell them about their past, tell them about when they were a child, you did this, this this this and thousands of time had never once wrong. Amen. And he kept asking, "What did you think that was that that called your name or or spoke to you like that? Uh, do you believe that to be Jesus Christ?" And the woman says, "Yes." He said, "Thank you. Amen. Praise the Lord." Well, I'd like to use that as a background just to say to you, he knows your name. [Music] He knows your name individually and particularly God knows your name. Now we understand by divine gift of the Holy Spirit. He called out the woman, "Your name is Eva. Your last name is York. Your address is whatever 566 whatever street that you're living on." He knew her name. He knew where she was living. He said, "You are sitting on the bed and you passed out and you fell towards the left while you were facing towards your window." being a prophet, he was seeing a vision and he could tell her exactly what was taking place like that. Praise God. I'm not talking about psychics now. I'm talking about a real genuine prophet of God that stays with the word of God. He knew her name. He knew her address. He knew her condition. He knew her circumstances that was there. Praise the Lord. Now that was one of the first book I wanted the second pull. The discernment of spirit when I say pull I mean attraction to the word. The thing that attracts people to the word is the supernatural presence of God. Amen. And under that second P, the great Jehovah was displaying through the prophet that he knows our names by showing you that he knew that woman's name and many other people that he would call us like that and tell them what their name was. For instance, a good friend of mine, a minister, he's he's quite uh up in age now. uh doesn't go around the world as much now. Brother Thomas Brady out of St. An's Bay, Jamaica. I believe he may hear him preaching this morning uh with the little strength he has left. But he told me the story himself how that he went to North Carolina to visit a minister there and they heard that brother Brandon was coming for a meeting nearby. So they decided to to to go to the meeting. That morning before they left for the meeting, the postman came and brought a letter and the letter was addressed to him. So he he took the letter, went in the room by himself and opened it and read it. When he read the letter, it was his wife writing to him to tell him, "Tom, that's what she calls him. I stayed in their house." So, she says, "Tom, my my uh left foot is uh uh paining me and it's all swollen up. I went to the doctors. They don't know what it is. And now I'm just back home and I'm I'm trusting that God would would do something for me and and healed my left foot." And and so he folded the letter, put it back into his the breast pocket of his suit, and then left and went to the meeting. And the meeting started. Brother Brandon was preaching and everything. Then he got down to the park where he started to pray for the sick uh like that and stuff. And then he stopped and he he looked in the crowd and brother Bry said he looked directly at me and I was so scared I dumped in the crowd. And so he continued talking again a little bit more. And then when brother Brady was caught up, you know, he was all caught up with that what was going on. Then he spun around quickly and said, "Sir," somebody pointed to him, "It's too late. He can't." The whole crowd is looking at him, 3,000 people staring at him. So he said, "Sir." He says, "Uh um" He says, "Do you believe me to be God's servant?" He says, "Yes, sir, I do." He says, "Oh." He says, "Uh, you're not from here. Uh, I see water." Oh, go back to Jamaica, Mr. Brady. Your wife's left foot is healed. Thus sayeth the Lord. Glory to God. Hallelujah. He knows your name. Oh, well, she said, and she's telling me her part while we sitting in their kitchen. She said, well, she didn't know that was going on. All she knows around the same time, just like when you read in the Bible when Jesus told the man, "Boy, your daughter is healed." And the Bible says in the same hour at the house, the daughter was healed and got up and started to eat and and was well. She said around the same time, she just saw a ball of fire come through the come out of the wall and slowly start passing over the bed. And by the time it got this way to walk the next wall, she was out of that bed and was whole and walking on that leg until the day she died just about two years ago. Praise be to God. Our God is the same God [Applause] and he knows our names. Do you believe he knows your name? Praise God. That's under the second book. He called out your name and he knows what our names are. Praise the Lord. He knows, in other words, what you're going through. Amen. He knows the problems that you have right now. Right now, he knows your problems and he knows what you're going through. So, don't let the devil tell you that you're alone and that nobody knows or that nobody cares because he cares. Yeah. And he knows exactly what you're going through at this particular time. Praise God. You see, back then, brother Brandon was only calling out the people's natural names. Calling out their natural names. But now we are under the third or the third attraction to the word. And God still calls us our names. Amen. But now it's not just your natural name. He's calling on your secret name. He's calling out your spiritual name. Amen. He's here to call on your supernatural name. By the revealing of the word of God. Amen. Amen. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. call you by the name that you had with him before the foundations of the world. You never even knew that you had a name and then before the foundations of the world. You see when Jesus was born and he got his he came here they says his name shall be called Jesus. Amen. But really of course that was Jehovah of the Old Testament became Jesus of the New Testament. So his heavenly name was Jehovah. But then when he came to earth they had to give him an earthly name and they called him Jesus. In the same way you if you were a believer and he left you were with God and in God before the foundations of the world. But what happens when you got here and you come from mother and the father? name and your earthly name. But he not only knows your earthly name, he knows your supernatural name. He knows the name your name from before the foundations of the world. Yes, certainly. And that is the reason why that he could uh call you out by his grace unto his mercy. Amen. Now if we go through the Bible you will find that Abraham was in Ura of the chalicees which was below that to be Babylon today or Iran uh in Iran. So there it was my friends uh sorry Iran and so now we understand that God called Abraham. Abraham was there worshiping idols until he heard a voice said Abra. Abraham, get up and get out of this country to a place that I will call you. Amen. Now, what voice? Who knew his name? It was God that knew his name. God knew his name, Samuel. He was just a boy in the temple serving uh there uh with the priest Eli when there were he was praying in his little room in the back of the temple and he heard a voice saying Samuel Samuel Samuel and he says yes sir yes sir and he got up and went to the high priest. Is that right? Uh uh because he knew nothing about spiritual things. And the priest said, "Go back and you know, go to go back to bed or go back to prayer." Went back to prayer and he heard the voice, "Samuel, Samuel." Got him and went to the priest again. And the priest understood that that was not a natural voice, but that was a supernatural voice that was calling Samuel. So he said, "The next time you hear that voice, say, speak, Lord, thy servant hears." Amen. Praise God. So he went right back, began to pray, and again he heard the voice, Samuel, Samuel, Samuel. He said, speak Lord, thy servant ears. And then God begins to tell him that the old priest is going to soon be taken away, and I want you to be my prophet, and you're going to now take his place and stuff like that. God be to speak to him. You see, God knows our names. Amen. And he knows our names. But not only does he know your name, he knows your position in life. He knew that he was supposed to be a prophet. And he knew his name and told him what his position was going to be upon the earth. Now there was another man by the name of Gideon and he was poor, very poor, and they had harvested uh some grain and they tried to rob the Philistine government to his dad. But because instead of paying the taxes, they went and hid some of the wheat. And when they hid it, there he was with the wheat m. And suddenly a man in white appeared and said, "Oh, mighty man of Gideon, thou mighty man of others." And he looked around maybe to see who is this mighty man. Because he he said, "I'm the poorest of the poor." What mighty? Ah. He says, "The the poorest of the people in the nation and my father and I are the poorest of those poor." So, uh, no. He said, the angel says, "No, I'm going to be with you, right? Because I call you now to be the deliverer of my people Israel." Amen. Hallelujah. See, God knew his name. Amen. But he, Gideon, didn't even know his own self. He did not even know his own position. He didn't know what he was supposed to do. So God made it clear to him that you, my friend, are supposed to be deliverer. Jeremiah, God said to Jeremiah, before you were in your mother's belly, I knew you. Amen. And I called you by name and I called you to be my prophet. Yes, Lord. Amen. Praise God. God knows our names. You didn't just have them on this earth, but you are here for a purpose. Amen. And God wants to use every one of us if we will surrender our lives to him. Not the lifestyle that you're in right now. But God is calling you out here today by his grace. Not your natural name, but by the opening of the word. He's calling you to attention to pay attention to your life. Pay attention to your future. Pay attention to how you're living. The attention to where you come from, where you're going, who your father is, your real father is. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, praise God. We remember that young virgin 18 years old. And there she was. Suddenly an angel appeared. Mary all the most blessed amongst all women. Why? Because she was to bear the Christ to carry the word for her day. She was blessed among all the churches to carry the word for her hour. Oh, God knew her name. Hallelujah. A prophet can prophesy Isaiah. You know the scripture who is a a virgin will conceive and bear a son and his name shall be called wonderful counselor a mighty God everlasting father and the prince of peace. Hallelujah. When Isaiah said a virgin will conceive God already knew her name. God knew the virgin's name. So my friends, the word of God will always come to the predestinated vessel that was predestinated before time to receive that word. It can't go anywhere else because she was supposed to be that virgin. Hallelujah. And all day the word of God couldn't go anywhere else to have to contact you. Hallelujah. As this brother preached, he has to pass your way. He had to pass your way. Oh, praise God. He could not bypass you, but he had to pass your way. Remember the woman at the well, he told his disciples, he said, "You all go on. I must leave. I need to go through Samaria." He needs to do what? Because he knew he had one sheep there. He knew he had one soul there, one person that he had to call out. Amen. Praise God. I'm sorry. The message of the hour is passing your way. Jesus is passing your way in the gospel. Hallelujah. Yes sir. So we see again here was Simon Peter a fisherman. And when he came he says, "Oh, your name is Simon." He says, "And your father's name is." He tell him what his name was. Tell him about his father's name and that his father was a good man. Later on, we find out that he had a brother by the name of Andrew. And Andrew came and went out and he went to tell his friend how the Messiah is on earth now and how the Messiah is doing this wonderful works. And so Daniel said, "Oh, I can't be bothered with that." Because he was a dean. was one that loved to study the Bible, do a lot of Bible studies, but he had no revelation. So, here he was. And he said that while they were sitting under a fig tree, cuz you know in Israel, they have the fig trees and then uh for it's it's shade to them. They have one in the yard and it's like a shade and it sit there and do things. So, it was a shade and that's what happened. So what happened is that uh when later on Philip came to him uh Andrew he said Philip came to him he said Philillip Philip gives him to Daniel let's go come and see at least you got to come and see you either heard about it you may not even believe it but come and see you heard people talk about this William Brandon talk about this passage you hear people talk about this uh seven church ages the mystery of God, fellowship of the Holy Spirit. You don't know about it, but at least come and see. Oh, and here comes Nathaniel walking. As Nathaniel was approaching, he saw some people and they were surrounding somebody. And as he was walking, all of a sudden, h Jesus looked at him and he said, "Oh, behold an Israelite that is is without dial." In other words, he he has not come to him. And he's just a plain simple man. Ah, and he said, "Master, when did you know me?" He said, "When Philillip was calling you, when you were under the victory, I saw you." Oh, praise God forever more. He knew about Daniel and was able to call him out. Not just his natural name, but it told him the circumstances surrounding him. And he recognized it was him that Jesus was talking about. I hope you can recognize him speaking to you today by calling out your name and your address. Not your home address, but the real address where you are living now under the circumstances that you're living now, under the conditions that you're living now, that he would call you out of that and that you would recognize that he's talking to you. Amen. Praise the Lord. He called them out into service. Praise God. Hallelujah. What about Saul? You remember when Paul was persecuting the Christians and here he was thinking that he was supposed to be the the defender of the law and everything else. And while he was doing that, all of a sudden, he was stripped off of his high horse. Sometimes some of us got to be knocked off of our high horse. M once we start thinking too much of ourselves, sometimes God have to knock us off that high horse so that we will begin to recognize that there's a God in heaven that rules over everything that we humble ourselves. No matter who we are, no matter what God bless us with, no matter how much we accomplish, no matter how many certifications we have on the wall, we must recognize that we are nothing before our maker. Is that right? We have nothing before maker. Humble yourself and God will come near you. Amen. Humble yourself and his presence will cheer you. You will not walk with the boundar. Humble yourself if you want to walk with God. Amen. So it's very important that we humble ourselves and recognize what God is doing. So here it is. The light came. He heard a voice from heaven say, "Saul, Saul, why persecute thou me?" And of course he says, "Who art thou, Lord?" Right away he acknowledged that was God calling him. And later on uh he went into the city and God went to a little old prophet and say, "Ananas, go there and baptize uh Saul. His name you his name is now changed to Paul. You go baptize Paul." Amen. First he was Saul, but now his name changed to Paul. Amen. That's a change took place there. And Ananas went up to him and said, "Brother Paul, receive thy sight." And he received his sight. He baptized him in water Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. But the calling of their names was to call them into service. Amen. When God calls your name is to put you into action and put you into service. Hallelujah. And God wants to put every one of us here in the service for his glory and for his honor. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. I want you to recognize exactly now what is in a name anyway. Listen to brother Brad. Praise God. Now the church name is associated with the nature of its character. Now sma means bitter and the name has to do with the character. Your name has the same thing. It has to do with your character. Your name does. Remember when Jacob was born they call him Jacob which means trickster, suppler. But when he wrestled with God, God changed his name to Israel meaning a prince with God. And Saul of Tarsus when his name changed it was called Paul. When Simon's name was changed, Amen. he was called Peter. See your name has an impression upon your character. Everything is named. You don't call something a chair just for the n for the word. It's because that's the nature of the thing. If you say tiger, you're talking about the nature of the thing. So name and nature goes together. That's why it's very important what you name your children too, right? Nobody wants to name their children Jezebel. Who wants to call their daughter Elijah? Is that right? You know, see who wants to do that? You don't want to call uh your son some kind of a name like uh oh Judas. Why would you call your child Judas? See, because that name carries, you could call it superstition, but that's the Bible telling me. Amen. That name puts a nature on that person or that animal. A dog is a dog because he's a dog. And a dog is a duck because if it's a dog, it walks like a duck, acts like a duck, is a duck. You can't call it something else. See, so the name and the nature goes together. And so your name has influence on your character. Amen. So because of your earthly name, you were born in sin. Your earthly name is connected with being born in sin. But thank God, he promised that if you repent of your sins, I'll give you a new name. I'll give you a new name. Praise God. Hallelujah. And that's a name that he knew from back up in heaven when he knew you from before the foundations of the world. Amen. Now, that name is going to be new to you, but it's not new to him. Is that right? New to you, but not new to him because he told the disciples, "I know my sheep and I call them by their names." He knows your name. and they're following. Why? Because they recognize my voice. Amen. When his voice calls your name, your condition, your position. Amen. Then what? You answer to your name. You can have a crowd of people here. And yet if somebody says, uh, Mary or John, all the Johns, all the Marys, turn right around because that's your name. Right now, it's not calling your natural name. But now we understand, brothers and sisters, that the seven seals are open. Amen. Hallelujah. And when the seven seals open, the names of the elected that were in the lamb's book of life are being called out by the preaching of the word. Amen. Your name is in this book. If you're an elected child of God, not James, John, Susan, a name like that. Is that right? But your name is in certain scriptures. Mhm. And when a minister begins to hit or preach on that particular scripture that the secret name is hidden under, right away something begins to grab a hold of your heart. grabs your attention because now it's not just the minister talking. It's God the great one calling your name by the preaching of the word. Amen. And your name is hidden under the representation of the word of God. Salvation representation to salvation representation from condemnation. Whatever that is. See, it's either side. Under Adam, all die. Under Christ, all are made alive. But he, Lord, y and uh that great thing is happening right now. And I believe he's here and he's calling out to some people here today by his grace to answer him to repent to change your way of life. Stop being just a church or somebody you claim to believe the message. Live it. Stop talking about it. You know what Nike's uh Nike was saying is just go do it. Just do it. Don't just talk talk talk talk do it. See, so that's the point. No, no. Just talk. A lot of people talking Christianity. They're talking religion. They're they're talking scripture. They're talking quotes. They're talking everything, but their life don't reflect what they're talking about. Don't just talk for a living. Release it in your life. You don't have to say nothing because your actions will speak louder than your voice. Hallelujah. Your reactions will speak louder than your voice and people will recognize that you are a question hardly without you having to say anything. Praise be to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes sir. I want to give you listen to uh brother speaking here now. He said if a man die shall he live again. The great shepherd is now calling his sheep, calling them out by name. The creative voice is calling them forth from the dust or changing the very aams even though they had not yet fallen asleep. Oh wow. Praise God. Hallelujah. It is the rapture. It is the great marriage supper. of the lamb. The great shepherd is calling for his sheep. Come home. Come home. It's supper time. Oh yes. Amen. Do you know that? Oh yes. Amen. The shadows ling. Come home. Come home in supper time. We're going home at last. Supper time. Feasting on the word of God. That's the supper that we are feasting on right now. A seven course meal prepared by the greatest chef. Amen. You know God is a baker. You know he baked bread in the wilderness for the Israelites there for 40 years. I mean that bread where there was no bakeries whatever dropping down out of the sky. He prepared meat and he knows how to prepare meat from there. Praise God. He made all kinds of of of foul uh lion foul fly into their camp and and and they they don't have to haunt them. They just were picking them up like that and preparing them to eat. God knows what he's doing. But in the last day now, this great chef is now prepared us a seven course meal.
