################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-01-30 - 00045 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-01-30
Title:   00045
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLVMD1A-Ews
========================================

Description:
Description
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Yes, it was in his dedication. It was in his mind. The very interpretations of the scriptures bring every thought captive to the word of God. I see that. That's true. You don't believe it. I believe it. You want to justify the way, excuse it away. It's sin. No matter which way you look at it, you want to use your excuse, oh, I'm I'm this way. I'm I don't care which way you are. I don't care what you've gone through. I know what God is. Then you're you're you're denying the blood of Jesus Christ. The blood, let me put it this way. The blood of Jesus Christ can overcome can bring under subjection could change anything. All things are possible to them that believe. Amen. lay it down this morning and see what God will do. Not I can't do nothing but see what God will do. If you bring your faith to a place that all things are possible, get the fear, get the doubt, get the circumstance, get things that were sown in your mind, things that were spoken to you out of you that are contrary to the word of God. [Music] and stand with God alone. Stand with your faith. Stand in the spirit. Amen. And watch. Speak the word. Then you'll see. The problem is we're sitting here with a lot of doubt, a lot of unbelief, and we're trying to claim this and claim that. Claim this change and that change. We can't do that. We got to clear up the channel. We got to burn it up. And that's the danger. That's the danger that we live in today. That's the danger that is here this morning. Now, Satan's trying to do lukewarmness, cold, horrible, powerless. But you feel fine, right? You feel religious. But you know in your heart, you know you're not living right. You know that you and God are not close. You know your relationship is not where it's supposed to be because why? He left them behind. He asked you to walk with him. He asked you to go that step. He asked you to overcome and deal with an issue in your life and you're left right there. and you walk and sometimes you walk for years and years and years and he's standing right there. No matter what your interpretation, how you justify your walk, no matter what. And the deceiving part about it is God always honors faith and honors his word. Amen. And what deceives the people that God can be still doing other things in their lives, especially if you have a ministry and you preach the word or you have a gift, God can still use that for people. Amen. Because this is not for me. This is for you. Amen. Not for me. But you know in your heart, you know in your heart that you're not walking close to him. You're not totally obeying his voice. It's not my voice. You're going to walk away from me today. I won't see you. You go to your own homes. It's not me that convicts you. It's not me that you're not close to in a relationship. It's him. Amen. He's speaking to somebody. He's already spoke to me. I'm preaching my life. And if it's in the spirit of God, if it's in the word of God, then it's your life. Amen. if you're there too. The book of Revelation, the revelation of Jesus Christ uncovered, unrevealing what was once previously hidden. The revelation of the future worse in his upcoming seven church ages. The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize this morning. I am not talking about the book of revelation. I'm talking about all revelation. Do you remember in Matthew what he said? We just went through that. Upon this rock will I build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. You see the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. So where are we standing? Where am I standing? Where you standing in your walks? Are the gates of hell at your doorstep? Are you still in prison in some area of your mind, your heart, your habits? Is there still chains around your life? But the gates of hell will not prevail against the revelation. God. You say, "Brother, well, I need the revelation." Faith comes by hearing and hearing the word of God. You see, every time that the word of God is being preached, I'm just going to speak plain. And something struck your heart. Something opened up to you. A passageway opened up to you. A change opened up to you. A new direction opened up to you. Something was revealed to you to do the opposite of what you were doing. Think the opposite of the way you were thinking. You see, faith come by hearing the word of God. Amen. But you got to take that word. You got to take what's being spoken to you and open up to you and make that change. You might have resistance and you will because especially if it's a demon there, I've been through it. It'll fight you. But like when I was going through my experience with the pills that I was being delivered from back then that the doctor said I'll never be off of, God gave me faith. He said, "It's finished." He might speak something so simple to you. It's finished. It's over. It's done. These task masters will see them no more. Walk out. Step out. Believe that. Believe that. Amen. Really believe that. In your life. Really take the word of God and realize it's God speaking to you. Believe that. And no matter what battle, what challenges That's right. I thought I was going to die after I threw those pills away and Satan said, "I'm coming after you. I don't care. I don't care if it took me to my grave." I said, "I believe in the word of God. I'd rather die." Yeah. In any circumstance and situation, believe in God's word. Then doubt it and move away from it. and walk away from the truth that's being revealed. Just like they said in the fiery furnace, our God is able to deliver us. Even so, we will not bow. Hallelujah. This bride will not bow to the devil. He's defeated. [Applause] He's defeated. Our Jesus Christ gave us the victory. What do you see when you see the cross? I see victory. Amen. Not only in some areas of my life, but every area that God places me in and moves me forward. Every challenge that he places before me, every test that comes my way. The only trouble I have in a test or a trial is to get this thing right, the turbulence of this thing under subjection. Amen. Once this gets under suggestion, then I can yield to the faith, to the victory, that God has given us. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. There's your faith. Faith comes by hearing. And the gates of hell will not prevail. Some of you could be breaking out of chains, breaking out of prison doors this morning. It's up to you. The word of God says that. Hallelujah. Just like with Abel, he gave the proper sacrifice. It was blood. It was the life that was released to us. You see, you're looking at yourself. We're always looking at ourselves, our own abilities, and what we can do. It's not us. When we believe that word that's being revealed to us, do you know what you're doing when you receive that? You say, "I believe this over this. I believe this over every one of my circumstances, my situations, my home, my kids, my this. I believe this. Amen. What God said. Thank you, Lord. I believe my inheritance. Yes, Lord. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. What are you saying? You're believing in the blood. What's the blood? It's not the chemical blood. It's the life. Amen. And if you see that life, who is Christ to you? Who is that life to you? That's what it comes down to. Can anything defeat that life? No. Is anything stronger than God? Anything greater than God? But think, think this morning. Then what are you doing? What are you doing in your life then when you walk away from faith? when you walk away from the test, the the trial, the challenge, the thing that you're walking away from, and you don't believe God's word, because when you walk away from it, any challenge that comes your way, you're walking away from the word. Then you're saying that that blood, that life is not great enough for you. And you know what? You'll stay in the bondage. You'll stay in your chain. You'll stay in that condition because there is no other life until you come back to it. There's no other life. That's right. That can defeat that that you need defeated in your life but the blood of Jesus Christ. So, one way or another, you're going to have to come right back to it. Amen. right back to believing the word of God that was spoken to you in your situation, in your life, in your condition, because God wants to see you, not him. He's already displayed it. Right? He already conquered. It's finished. It's done. Amen. Now you finish it in your life. You declare it done. Amen. You say change come forth. You break the chains. You open the doors. You speak that word and go forth. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Contending for the faith. We see the churches out there. They talk about it, but unless you're born again of the word of God and see, it's not in your heart. You see, Hebrews 11:6, I'm just skipping over things. Without faith is impossible to please him. He that cometh to God, and I I hope you're coming to God this morning, must believe that he is a rewarder of them that seek him diligently. Thank you, Jesus. No man is justified in the law, by the law, in the sight of God. It's evident, is certain that the just shall live by faith. Amen. The just so earnestly contend for the faith. Hallelujah. That was once delivered not only on paper by the prophet but was once delivered through a life that was lived an overcoming life that was lived and waved before the people waved before the church. The first fruit has already gone before and have been waved before us. Saints. Amen. Where are we? Are we still seeing the way she weighed before us? The word the life. What's the preeminence more in the church of God? You see, there will be a bride. She will manifest his word. Yes. Why? Because I say so or any other minister says so. No, because God says so. Amen. God determined that he's going to have a ride. Brother says, I don't know who it is where, but there will be a ride. that will live what I'm speaking about the word of God. Yes, it may look see the danger. It may look Don't tell me that you don't feel. Don't tell me that you don't feel. The lady will see it. Don't tell me that you don't see lies that are not lining up with what I'm talking about this morning. We're around each other. There's lives that are are are are moving and and and doing certain things and it's all around us. And we get we get complacency. We get complacency at work even amongst what we call believers. Believers. Here we are. We're in a church. We're all believers, right? We're all claiming the same thing. and and we look at one another's lives and we take this. We're not supposed to take anything off any one of us. We're supposed to take the word of God that's being revealed to us. God convicts my heart. He convicts and deals with my life in a different way that he doesn't deal with your life. Amen. Yes. And we're not supposed to take it any any one of our lives or any one of our our situations. We're supposed to take way God deals with us. Amen. And we we start looking at one another. We start looking at one another's lives and we start comparing which the Bible says is carnal. This goes on. And not realizing not realizing that we're all at different stages of our walk. That is true. But realizing there's three types of believer in every church. I hope I'm looking at every believer. Everybody's a believer, right? But there's three different types of believer. God is speaking to individuals. God is dealing with individuals. Amen. It's not making this a group thing. This is an individual thing. Stop placing your faith in people and personalities and and other other people's walks. This is an individual affair. This is between you and him. Amen. You're not going to get anywhere until that relationship becomes personal between you and him until you start obeying him and what he's speaking to you and live the way he's telling you to live. Oh, this person is living that way. Look at all the young people. The young people are doing this and doing that. It doesn't mean nothing to you if God's speaking to you to separate yourself. If God is telling you and calling you out like he did Mary, Mary was young. She brought and received the word. She accepted the word. Amen. She consecrated her life to that word that was spoken by the angel, the spoken word. What does it have to do with you and what everybody else is doing? It doesn't matter what anybody else is doing. It's what God is doing in your life. Amen. It's a God speaking to God. And if he's dealing with you in a certain way, you ain't getting away from it. You could try to be like the other person. You could try to do what the other person's doing. But if God is a call of your life and God is speaking to you, you ain't going nowhere until you answer that call. Amen. Hallelujah. Same with every single one of us. You ain't going anywhere. You ain't moving ahead until you take that step that God want you to take. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. He's dealing with you to overcome fear, overcome doubt. No matter what it is, lust, no matter what it is in your life, you got to deal with that. You got to bring that under subjection to the blood. You got to take your faith. It's you and God alone. Amen. Nobody else is going to help you overcome what you need to overcome. Don't look out there. Don't look for help anywhere. You got your help. Yes. Is Jesus Christ is the word. Jesus. Well, that's the problem. the lady I'll see in spirit the lukewarmness Satan moving and operating trying to make the church cold and formulous. Amen. It's happened to me, saints. And if I don't shake myself, God is going to shake me because my faith has got to a place with the Lord. I know I'm elected. I know I'm called. Why? Because I say so? Because I'm convinced enough about how much I read? No, no. If it was up to me, I would not be in this church this morning. Amen. It's not up to me. You only know this statement. Understand this if you've been through it. I would not be here this morning. But it's never up to us. It's him that says it's him that says that you're my beloved. Amen. It's him that will let me go. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. It's him, Jesus. That brings me back. It's him that raises me up. It's him that keeps me. That is all good. But it's now time for me to take what he's doing for me and believe it. That's right. And take this word that he's placed in my life and live it. Hallelujah. It doesn't just stop there. What he's doing for me, he did it. And what he's doing for me is so that I can do this. I know there's somebody understanding what I'm saying. There's somebody because I'm all over the place here. So, if I look like I'm I'm not even on my notes, but Hallelujah. Amen. Let us take a look at what real faith is quickly in this hour. Hallelujah. Because without it, it's impossible to please God. Accept him by faith. He that cometh to God must believe God. And faith comes by hearing the word. You must first believe the word of God. Amen. Just take the word, the message for what it says and everything else contrary is not right. Abraham had to believe just what the still small voice told him. And when he was 100 years old, 25 years later, I love Abraham. Hallelujah. I love Abraham. Wow. This is 2,000, 3,000, 4,000 years ago. My Abraham is just as real to me this morning. Hallelujah. I think he might be walking up and down the aisles here. Amen. Amen. Bless you. Bless you so much. He was stronger believing that he was he was 25 years ago than it was 25 years ago when it was given to him. He staggered not at the promises of God through unbelief, but was strong giving praise to God, knowing that he was able. Yes. Hallelujah. Are you are you are you say me? Say me. This is when I read this. Say me. Me. This is me. Me in my situation. Me in my trial. Me in the dark times that I'm going through. Whatever it is that changed, it's me. He staggered not through unbelief, but was strong giving praise to God knowing that he was able to perform what he had promised. That is it. We have to believe that God is able in this day, in this age, that he's able to bring a bride and perform what he did in the way she did brother's life with your life. He can perform that. He can perform that. Yes. He can get that life of Jesus Christ and manifest it in you. That's right. Whatever that you're facing, whatever that's holding you back, there is something in your life that's holding you back. There is something with you that causes doubt and unbelief. And the way that you struggle, the way that you are, that's holding you back. God knows it. God knows it this morning. And he's trying to say that I am able to perform. That's right. Amen. I'm able to perform this word. I brought you to this word. I called you up to this word. I will perform this word inside of your life. I will give you every victory that you have need of. I have set you free from what you need to be set free from. [Applause] Hallelujah. You must come with that unfailing faith. Believe in God that made the promise. Amen. Notice it's something that you possess. It's not an imagination. It's really real to you. You really have it. Jesus. Hallelujah. It is real. It's like you're riding in your automobile. It's just as real to you as you're sitting in the church this morning. It's just as real as you're hearing my voice. It's a substance. It's not an imagination. It's not an emotion. It's something that you have. It comes to you by hearing the word of God. And that alone your faith that it is not in some individual, it is not in a man. It's not in an organization. It's not in the church. It's not in the message. It's not in a group of people. It's in God. Because God is his word. And faith is in God and his word. Hallelujah. Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. That's where it's at this morning with you. That's where it stands at your door this morning. The word of God stands at your door. He knocks. He knocks. Amen. I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open that door, just open that door. Amen. I know what I'm talking about this morning. You might think I'm crazy, but I know what I'm talking about. under this anointing. Open that door. He is knocking this morning. He'll take you through. He'll walk step by step. He will not leave you. That's right. That's the fear and the threat that Satan's putting on you. That if you take a step, he'll be there. Amen. like he was throughout the word. The word is the truth. Amen. He was in the fiery furnace. He was in the lion's nest. He was with Moses crossing the Red Sea. Are they our stories? He's there. He's there. He's here. He's with you. That's right. What good is it if we we come to church, we practice church, and we have great servants where there's no life. Yes. There's no anointing. to no consecration. Who gets worshiped them? Who gets praised them? Just like Satan's doing in all the churches. But when he has the preeminence through faith by you taking faith and believing God and trying him, telling him it crazy, you got through here. Don't tell me you believe and you can step out when God speaks to you. Don't tell me you believe. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, sir. You believe this word and step out on it when it speaks to you. Amen. Yes, Jesus. Hallelujah. This ain't imagination. This ain't emotion. This ain't feelings. This is real. Amen. This is real. Yes. Hallelujah. Many people say they have faith and then tomorrow. Where is it? Where is he? Amen. Not the bride. Not the bride. But when God wants anchors and you see it, that's the worst mistake that you can make is walk away from it. When God anchors it and you see it, you say, "Brother Tim, if God anchors it and I see it, I'm I hope you do. I hope you do. There's nothing going to ever take it and make it move from you." That's the truth. That's the truth. That's why the people are shipwrecked. Even in the message, they're shipwrecked. prayer after prayer after prayer. If you got perfect faith, I just go back to the messages and read it. You got perfect faith in your situation. Well, you pray until you do. You won't need to come into a prayer room. Well, the Bible said, "No, no. I know what the Bible said about lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover." I know what it says. But if you've got perfect faith and you seek God for your healing and you're believing God, problem is you're not believing God. He said, "By my stripes you are healed." And that's your problem. That's why you're not getting healed because it's by his stripes that you are healed. That's that takes you to believe that. And you want to come up here in a prayer line and think some man is you see there's nothing wrong with the man. I can believe. I can believe. Right. But you don't come up here and get prayed for if you don't believe. That's right. And that's the problem. Many people are coming up the prayer lines and they really don't believe what they're asking for. They really don't believe that God is able to do what they need to be done in their lives. They really don't believe that word. It's not really revealed to them. Brother Bram says, "Don't come up to the prayer line. Stop coming up. Every minister that comes through the church, the same people come up over and over and over. I know it sounds hard, but what is the problem? The problem is that you're not seeking God and believing God for faith. I want to see you healed. I want to see you delivered. But there's a channel. There's a way to get that. And you're not doing it. You're not following that way. And it's always been by believing what he said. It's believing in the finished work that you got to believe it. You know, look at all this man is the hands like my hands. What? What are hands? Nothing. Nothing. But if there's faith and there's faith and faith comes here then see these hands. Faith is connecting to him, the finished work. Amen. And and and it's like if you have a line and there's a thunderstorm and and the lightning hits that line, it's going to come down that line and go right to the end. That's what happens. And we're sitting here with the word of God for this hour. We're sitting here with the greatest message that ever struck the earth. Think about it. And this is what I think to myself, too. Amen. If I'm preaching only to myself, that's fine. But I know I'm not. That's right. We're sitting here with the greatest thing that ever struck the earth. Yes. Amen. We sing about it. Yes. That's why Brother Mike has a hard time getting you to rejoice and praise God. Amen. Cuz if you're really singing about Amen. the victory about what we got. Amen. What has been released to us? The mercy and grace that called us out in the Hallelujah. Thank you. It's become common. It's become normal, lukewarm. Satan is just pulling the wolves over everybody. But the Lord is saying to the bride of Jesus Christ, contempt, earnestly, sincerely, contempt for that faith that I placed in your heart this morning. I'm released. I've done something. Contempt for it. The angel said to brother Brandham, "Be more sincere." The angel said to brother Brandham, "Be more sincere." The angel saying this morning to you, whoever you are, be more sincere. Jesus. I'm not here to dictate how sincere you should be, what you should be doing. I'm not proclaiming that this morning. Amen. But you know, Amen. You know, be more sincere. I'm going to wind it down. I'm going to take a couple more minutes. Hallelujah. There's so much I can say. Unless we were in Africa or Trinidad or something like that, I have the time. I I don't know if I have the energy. If you could just wake up to that a minute. You see the word itself identified him who he was. It said who can condemn me of sin? In other words, who can show me that my life and my works don't fulfill exactly what Messiah should do? You know, when you're walking with God and you're obeying what God has revealed, your position, your portion that God is all you, that's all you can do. You can't that's why he says, "Stand look at one another. You can't live the way I live. I can't live the way brother Danny lives, brother Chris. I can only live the way I live. They can only live the way they live. You can only live the way that you live. And the way God has called you to consecrate your life to get to that place since that these words become your words becomes your life. Why? You always look at it and you always brush it away. I've been there. I know what I'm talking about. You don't have to listen to me if you don't want to. But I've been there. You just brush it away. That's Jesus. That's you. That's you. You see, sin is still condemning you, right? Because you're not doing what God tells you to do. Amen. That's why he's condemning you. Yes. Simple. I gave you the answer. Somebody. [Music] But he said, "Who can show me and my life and my works?" Then I'm not doing what Messiah is supposed to be doing. Are you doing what a Christian should be doing, a believer should be doing? Are you living that kind of consecrated life like we're talking about this morning? I didn't go in this direction. I had no idea. This is just him taking me over. Are you living that? You see, but when you are, and if you've been there, and if you're not there this morning to get back there, if you've been there, Because there's a consecration that God has called you to. And there's a purpose behind every consecrated life. It's to bring forth the word of God. Is to take condemnation away from you, take guilt away from you, take fear away from you, bring you peace, bring you love that you're looking for, joy, bring you healing. Aaron's rod budded. Kingdom life in God's presence. Consecration brings God's presence around your life. It brings all the blessings. Seek first the kingdom of God and supernaturally I will add all things onto you. Amen. When you move with God. When brother Brad was walking in the in in a forest and he he he went over a rock and he looked he looked at his wife and his wife was young. He looked at himself. He was young. He goes, "Oh yes, I'm walking with the king." That's why. It's not because of us. It's because he's here. Amen. It's because he's welcome in your life. We sing the song, welcome, Holy Spirit. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Yes. Amen. Nobody can look at the Lord and said, "I ain't doing anything that has spoken." I want to say for myself, no matter how crazy you might seem this age, because when you throw out statements like this, it's totally contrary. And it's starting to come, the atmosphere is starting to come totally contrary to the message. People are starting to believe they can do whatever they want to do. The Bible said in the last days, people will do what they feel is right in their own eyes. What their emotions feel is right. What their feelings is right. Wow. Oh, they're starting to move and that that that that it's all starting to creep in. Brother gets in place just before the message denominates or tries to denominate. So, there's going to be a force. There's going to be a pressure of denominational spirit. And what is a denominational spirit? They don't want to be led by the spirit of God. Amen. They don't want to be possessed by the spirit of God. They don't want to be controlled by his word in their lives. They don't want to yield the surrender. It's going to come to that place. But the bride, Amen. That pressure that's around the bride right now is going to bring her into that place in her walk and her concentration that's going to squeeze her out of here. I know for me this morning it's driving me. I see the coldness. I see the lukewarmness. I see the way the church of me is going and it's pulling me. Amen. With inside of me, something is pulling on me and pulling on me. and drawing me closer. Oh, it's not making me give up. It's not making me draw back. It's not making me disbelieve what I know I believe in him, but it's making me draw closer. Amen. Oh, that's what it does to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Satan thinks that he like the banana. What do you think that banana description is? He thinks he has her. He's squeezing her. Boom. She pops out. That's what's happening. Amen. All these things that are coming upon my life, upon your life, you think Satan is, "Oh, he's going to get me. He's going to sweep." No, no, no, no. No. It's getting you to a place where you need to be. Amen. This morning is getting you to a place where you need to be. Amen. Oh yes. Trust and believe in the Lord. Amen. Oh, we say it. Trust and believe in the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. We've been given a token. Amen. And the blood is the token. It's the life. It's on the doorpost of my heart, on your heart. Amen. It's the substance that he has given us in this last day. How can we fail? How can this word fail? How can the bride be defeated when the very light, the blood, the token has been spilled, has been released. The only reason why I'm here this morning, the only reason why you're here, if you're truly born again this morning, is because back is 63. We have a number 63. But back in time and God's appointed time, he sent forth his son. And he called, his son spoke, and he called your name. Amen. Amen. Consecrated life. Word of God over here. Come forth. Word of God here. Word of God here. Word of God here. Word of God here. Word of God here. Come forth. And that's why you're here this morning. Because those seals, you are under those seals. Who you are, who you are in Christ, who that word of God that is dealing with your life and bringing you to a place of manifestation was released. How can it fail? Do you believe? Do you believe that you're you've been called? Do you believe what I'm saying? That that this is you. But how can it fail? Hallelujah. How can it fail? That's right. How can your life fail? How can any challenge, any circumstance, what you're facing, I don't care what it is, what's holding you back, what change are binding you, how can it fail? Understand? Can't fail things. It's not the direction that I thought I was going to go. Maybe we're going to have to do another part. We must contend for the faith. I believe the question the Holy Ghost has put forth to us today. Are you contending for the faith? [Music] Are we passionate, vigilant, bold, hungry, thirsty, the ones who want more, not just a ticket to heaven, but you want your full inheritance. And we know our full inheritance is not just our soul being saved. is our mind and our spirits being loose and set free because that's what God wants to manifest himself. [Music] Or else why did he at the first resurrection back there just take everybody up with him? He would have done that if that if that was the truth. But he wants you fully delivered because he wants to fully manifest himself. It's not about you. It's not about me. It's about him. Amen. Amen. Do you want the power of God in your life? [Music] Yes, I want the power of God, then obey God. Obey the word step by step. Take a little step, one step at a time. I'm not asking you to do big obedience, but even in a in in a strong trial, in a strong situation that you're facing, take a little step of believing. Just take and the word as much as you can say, "Lord, I believe this. I take it." And reject reject that. Amen. And then move ahead and watch more faith will open up to you. Then take that and reject it. Little by little, I will deliver my people. Amen. Little by Hallelujah. Steps. Little by little. I will break the chains. Hallelujah. You want to cast out devils in Jesus name. You want to lay hands on the sick and minister healing power to of God. You want to operate and manifest the gifts of the spirit. You want signs and wonders and miracles flowing through your life. You want the token, the literal life of God, Christ moving, living, walking out from you. What's the song say? Only believe. I don't want to make this complicated and I hope I haven't. only believe all things are possible to them that belief. That's where we stand this morning. It's very simple. Whether you're been in the messes 30, 40 years, you're a young teenager, whatever you are, it's very simple this morning to where you're at. If you have a desire to know this Christ that I'm talking about, desires of the father and he has a desire for you to know him.
