################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-24 - The Mighty Angel Has Come Down To Open The Book To The Bride (The Power Of Tradition - Part 11) - Tim Beers.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-24
Title:    The Mighty Angel Has Come Down To Open The Book To The Bride (The Power Of Tradition - Part 11)
Speaker:  Tim Beers
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fFo7aiHZnsM
========================================

Description:
Minister Tim Beers
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Dear return you may bless. [Music] Take the word of God. What you see, what you believe is what we need. Set your way to the winds of flame. You can fly. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Let your [Music] to speak the word of God and I and will or you will fly. Set your wings to the wings of the flame. You can fly in a high place. Do not struggle. It's my grace. Set your wings of faith [Music] watching in the sand. He does not struggle. He doesn't strive for the power makes him rise. is [Applause] pouring in the sky. Set your wings to the waves of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's my grace and do we watch the eagle. Oh, watch the gole in the sky. He does not struggle. He us for the power makes him rise is already oh the skies. Set your wings to the winds of free. You can fly. Not afraid. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your way. Set your way. Set your way to the wings of faith. You can fly. Do the hide. Do not struggle. It's by grace. [Music] Hallelujah. Set your wings to the wings of faith. Amen. Hallelujah. Give me your flood. Think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that brought us [Music] through for as high as the heavens above. Raise the measure of the fire. The measure of fire. Oh, take think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about [Applause] his and for as high as the heavens above. Great is the pleasure of God. greatest measure of one more time. Think about think about his [Applause] love. Think about his goodness. Think about [Music] his high as the heavens above. Praise the measure of my father's love. Praise the measure of my father's love. And rapture in faith is the hunger of my soul today. rapture in grace to be changed and taken away. For the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall rise and the Lord will be waiting in the sky. We made is going to be changed in a twinkle of the [Applause] night. And the trumpet shall sound and the dead shall rise and the Lord be great with it in the sky. We made [Music] changet shall sound and the dead shall rise and the Lord will rain in the sky. [Music] going to be changed in a twinkle of night. Hallelujah. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Beloved Jesus, we are so grateful, oh God, that we have a promise, Lord, that one of these days, this body will be changed, God, and we will be raptured out of this world. Father, we thank you, oh God, for your great love that you've you've shown us, oh God, that coming 2,000 years ago and dying on the cross that we could have life, Lord. That great mystery you had in your mind, Lord, bringing the bride and you together again, Lord Jesus. How we are so grateful, oh God, that tonight, Lord, we could stand at your plate, Lord. United, Lord, with you, oh God. The headstone united with us, Lord Jesus. Father, as we come tonight, Lord, in your presence, there's fullness of joy at your right hand. There's pleasures forever more. Lord, we feel your presence already, Lord. How we are desiring, oh God, to hear from you tonight, Father, we take, would you take your brother aside, Brother Tim, tonight, Lord, and Lord, let him speak your words tonight, Lord, that we could have understanding, a greater understanding, Lord. And when we leave here, when we leave here, change people, Father. We commit everything into your hands tonight, Lord. We thank you for your love and kindness that you have given us Lord bringing us here safely. Remember those Lord who was on their way that you bring them safely Lord. We we give you thanks and we give you praise in your precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Could you put up for me who am I Lord? I can see now who I am. Father of my savior. Glorious victory. Oh, glorious victory that day he set me free and made my heart is very true. My life is no longer. I'm a prisoner of God before and now I need to praise his name. Oh, I [Music] am who I am. I can see who I am. a part of my savior. I'm a part of his world. It's a revelation of Cali to redeem his cross. The king of kings. He became my savior. is false great mystery of love expressed I Christ I'll be made one oh I [Music] am who I am I can see who I Part of my savior, part of his revelation. Oh, I am Lord who I am. I can see now who I am. The part of my savior, a part of his world is the revelation. Oh, I am Lord. Oh, I am who I am. I can see who I am. But of my [Music] savior. It's a revelation. Many many men [Music] had God's attributes was manifested in his pride in this last day. We have caught the revelation by the last message. And we know and we praise the people. Praise the Lord. The original light, the original life, the original se. The original world is what I need. The son of man is revealing the seven sins on the original life. The original sea. We are the word made flesh to me. This is what the scriptures say. And our names are sing of sin. We are [Music] all original. The [Music] original word is what I believe. The son of man, the seven is the original life, the original sea. All our eyes of fun. He us. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] The original word is what I believe. The son of man, the seven sea, the original life, the original se. Hallelujah. Amen. The original life. Those seven seals have been revealed. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. You God bless you, saints. Amen. Hallelujah. It's uh good day today. Fellowshipping with the Lord and studying a little bit. It's kind of one of these uh messages where you know you need you need the Holy Spirit to come. Amen. The letter uh you know the letter is dead without the spirit. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we've been emphasizing on. You know the mighty angels come down and Christ is the head of the church. emphasizing on that, you know, it's going to take the Holy Ghost, the spirit of revelation, the spirit of truth to come in our lives to reveal this to us. This letter to us, this message that has been given to us is going to take him to reveal it to us. Amen. Personally, individually. And that's what we're coming to. That's why we're here tonight. Amen. Not to see Brother Tim or any minister. Hallelujah. Hope you appreciate us. Amen. But you're not coming here to see us. You're coming here to get something like a light bulb. A little light glitter will come into your heart tonight. Amen. If your heart is prepared. Amen. If your heart is ready to receive it. God knows. I don't know. But God knows. Amen. And that's what we want to just hit on things tonight. We'll see where the Holy Spirit leads. Amen. A preacher can't really preach that good when he's a preacher. A teacher can, but a preacher like me can't preach that good unless there's a pull here, unless there's faith here. Amen. So, I'm trusting in the Holy Spirit to reveal something to us tonight. Amen. As we want to continue uh in this uh series of the power of tradition part 11, I want to title this tonight. The mighty angel has come down to open the book to the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That is taking place and is taking place right now. Hallelujah. Like we say, the rapture is on right now. The body change is taking place right now. Amen. Are you in it? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Let's turn to the scriptures here. I'm going to go to uh Revelations 5:1. And then we're going to go to Revelations 10. Two long scriptures. Um but then we'll just get right into it. Amen. Revelations 5:1. And I saw in the right hand of him that sat on the throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. And I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice, who is worthy to open the book, and to loose the seals thereof? And no man, Amen. No man, in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. Wow. And John, and I wept much, because no man was found worthy to open and to read the book, neither to look thereon. Think about it. not even to look on. And one of the elders said unto me, "Weep not. Behold, the lion of the tribe of Judah, the root of David, had prevailed." Glory to God. To what? To open the book and to loose the seven seals thereof. Oh, the mighty angel in this last day. Amen. Glory to God. Let us turn to Revelations 10 1. And you see right here in this scripture in Revelations 5, no man was found worthy to open the book even to look thereon. And then the lion of the tribe of Judah came and opened the book. He was found worthy and the only one worthy. Now we go to Revelations 10 1. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven, clothed with a cloud, and a rainbow was upon his head, and his face was it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open. Hallelujah. And he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot upon the earth. And he cried, he cried with a loud voice as when a lion roarth. And when he cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And we know the seven thunders is the voice of God. Amen. When the voice of God thunders, it reveals something. Amen. It always reveals something. Amen. Hallelujah. And when I and when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered and write them not. They can never be written." Amen. Tonight, you can't receive anything from Christ that is written. It has to be revealed. Amen. By revelation. Yes, sir. It's impossible to please God. It's impossible to move forward without faith. Hallelujah. And we get it all mixed up with knowledge and and all this understanding and and that. But it's by faith. It's always been by faith. It doesn't change. Hallelujah. And the angel which I saw stand upon the sea and upon the earth lifted up his hand and to heaven. And he swore by him that liveth forever and ever who had created the heavens and things that are therein and the earth and things that are there are in and the sea and things which are therein that there should be time no longer. But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin the sound, the mystery of God should be finished, as he has declared to his servants, the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spake unto me again. So the mysteries have been revealed by the seventh angel. And then here comes the voice again speaking unto me. go and take the little book. Nobody was worthy of the little book, not even to look upon it. But now things have changed. Now the mighty angel, Amen, is saying, "Go and take the little book which is open in the hand of the angel which standeth upon the sea and upon the earth." And I went unto the angel and I said unto him, "Give me the book." Hallelujah. Give me the book. It's got to be a a a special individuals. Amen. A a a predestinated vessel, a seed that can go to the angel with the open book and say, "Give me the book." Amen. Hallelujah. give me the little book. And he said unto me, take it. He didn't refuse them. Take the revelation. Take it and eat it up and it shall make thy be belly bitter, and it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. And I took the little book out of the angel's hand. Hallelujah. Amen. And I ate it up. You see, I'm talking about the bride of Jesus Christ tonight. I hope I'm talking about you. Hallelujah. Amen. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I eaten it up, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples, nations, and tongues, and kings." Hallelujah. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you tonight. Lord, that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, man, we read your word, Lord. Man cannot explain your word, Father. But come tonight, Lord, and just give us something that we could feed off tonight, Lord. Feed your people tonight, Lord, by your spirit. Not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Give something into the hearts of your people by your spirit. Tonight, that they can leave here. We know it's a little here and a little there, Father. A little revelation here, a little revelation there. Father, open up this book even more to us, oh God. And Lord, if we haven't taken the book out of the hand of the mighty angel tonight, Father, may by faith, Lord, because it'd only be by faith, take that book, take that word tonight, Lord, and uh believe it and apply it in our lives. Grant these things, Lord. We commit both hearer and speaker into thy hands. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. God bless you as you're seated. Hallelujah. Amen. There is so much in here and you know uh I I not capable of uh bringing all the things out that are in here. Amen. But we want to talk on a few things here tonight. Amen. The mighty angel has come down to open the book to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. I I I believe I believe everything's set. I believe everything is in order. Amen. I I believe that God is preparing a bride. Amen. And and God is waiting on a bride to get ready. The Bible says that she has made herself ready. Amen. I believe the word of God, Amen, is coming forth not just by what you hear from a preacher, but by his spirit. By the spirit of revelation, God is opening up. He's always done it. He's always declared it in the heavens before he does it on earth. Amen. It's always been opening up in the supernatural realm. That's where revelation has always opened up and where God has always fulfilled his word. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Now, the word revelation, we all know that how important revelation is to us. Brother Brandham said it over and over and over again. Hallelujah. And and and the reason why he said it is because he wants you to seek, Amen. He wants you to understand, come to an understanding, Amen. that this progression of the rapture of perfect faith comes by revelation. Amen. It comes from an individual who seeks God in that secret place. Amen. Hallelujah. And it takes an individual to die out. Amen. It takes a surrender, a consecrated life. You can't come halfway. Amen. This person that took the book, Amen. Hey, they were consecrated. They wanted it. They were hungered and thirsting for what was written in that open book to be revealed to them. Even the angels desired to look into and see what was in there, but they couldn't. But God has given, Amen, through a predestinated seed in this last day, the ability to look into what God has opened up. Hallelujah. It's a mystery, my brothers and sisters. But when it's revealed to you, it's no more a mystery. But to to them, like the Bible says, to to you, it's given to know the mysteries of God, the mysteries of the message. Amen. But to them, it's not given to no one. Hallelujah. When the spirit of truth has come, it will guide you and lead you to all truth. Amen. That's what we seek. That's what we should be thirsting and hungered and driving after. Amen. When God came and revealed himself to me and I got the new birth and the change took place. Amen. I knew there was an understanding that opened up to me that it this wool he won't reveal himself and this doesn't come by man. This is not explained and taught by man. Hallelujah. It's not done by education. It's not done by works. It's not done by good church attendance. All these things it has to come by the spirit of revelation. The spirit of God has to reveal this to us. Hallelujah. No matter how much you fast, how much you read, how much you pray, how much you do all these things, they're all good. It doesn't come that way. Hallelujah. Amen. The word revelation, unveiling. This unveiling is perfectly described as a sculpture unveiling his work. And that's what it's always been about. Unveiling God unveiling himself to his bride. Amen. It's an unveiling and unveiling constantly. It's an unveiling to the looker. It's an uncovering, revealing what was previously hidden. It was hidden under the seals. This token, this pillar of fire, this life that's behind the message was previously hidden. Amen. Hallelujah. The book was closed. The book was given to Adam. Adam lost the book. Amen. Then the book came back into the holder. God himself. Amen. And now man could not see, could not understand God. Could not know who they are until this happened in the last day. Amen. Where the lion of the tribe of Judah, Jesus Christ himself, Amen. came and opened the book. Revealed the book. Open the seals and reveal in the shields right now and calling the names the predestined names predestined names out of it. Amen. Hallelujah. Uncovering the revelation, the person of Christ, but it is the revelation of his future works in the unccoming seven church ages. The importance of revelation by the spirit to a true believer can never be overemphasized. Revelation means more to you than perhaps you realize. Listen, it's everything. It there if there's no revelation, there is nothing. Hallelujah. Amen. And as we see, we're revelation leads you somewhere. Amen. In this hour, now I'm not talking about the book of Revelations. I'm talking about you. He's saying hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm talking about all revelation is tremendously important to the church. We see in Ephesians 21 5:21, submit yourself one to another in the fear of God. Wives, submit yourself to your own husbands as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Hallelujah. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be unto their own husband in everything. Husband, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it. Hallelujah. Now listen. That he may sanctify and cleanse it. This is not just written to to tickle your ears or you hear it over. Oh, I know about wives and submit yourself and this and that. Amen. This is an order of the spirit of God. When God develops character inside of you, a wife and a husband. Amen. When Christ comes inside of you, this word lives out of you. It's not obeyed by the law. It's not obeyed by commandments. Amen. is obeyed by revelation because you see it in Christ. Amen. That he may sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word of God. Hallelujah. That he may cleanse it and sanctify it by the washing of the water by the word of God. Hallelujah. Now, I'm just going to recap a little bit here on the last message. Not too much. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The first we talked about the bride. Brother Brandham said only God can take you in that capstone. Amen. We read that that no man can put you in there. No sir. Amen. No man can give you an experience to be in go in there to cross that chasm. Amen. But God has to put you in there. Hallelujah. A church can't put you in there. The five-fold ministry can't put you in there. But God has to come and put you in there. Amen. So, it's between you and God. It's not between you and the preacher, how good he is or how good he's not. Hallelujah. How good your church attendance. It's between you and God. Hallelujah. It's an individual affair between you and God in this hour. God ain't coming for a group. He's coming for individuals. Amen. That he has predestinated. Hallelujah. Amen. It's going to take the Holy Spirit to put you in that capstone. Today is not the Today is not the prophet, but it's the mighty angel that is here. Hallelujah. And a lot of people still don't see that. Hallelujah. That it's the mighty angel. Their eyes are still on the prophet. There's it's still on the letter. They don't see that Christ has come down. Hallelujah. We talked about the new birth under the seventh seal. Revelation is not an imagination. It's not an illusion, but it's a reality. Amen. The new birth is real. It's a reality. Amen. It's when Christ comes. It's not just an experience or a feeling. Amen. Or even the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's when Christ comes and awakens that seed inside of you and you start recognizing who you are. Amen. You start realizing that there's something different about me. Amen. Hallelujah. You already know that all your life there's something different around about you. Amen. God God didn't leave you and just come to you like he was been always since birth. I knew you in the womb. He said, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. We talked about the deception. The devil will meet us on every level of faith to try to deceive us and fight against us of what? Of who we really are. that we are. Amen. We are what God has prophesied in these last days. Who we are. Amen. It's not about just what's prophesied about the prophet and what he fulfilled, but what's prophesied about the bride of Jesus Christ. What has been spoken about her. Amen. When she recognizes who she is. Hallelujah. That's what the devil's scared of. When individuals come and recognize that they are sons and daughters of God, that there's an attribute, a seed of God inside of them, amen, that is sinless and that their flesh does not hinder them anymore. If they make a mistake, they they got a blood atonement. They know that. They come and they repent. Why? Because their heart, Amen, is pure before God. Oh yes, your heart is pure before God. Amen. In your heart, in that seed, there is no desire to sin. Listen, if you sin willfully and openly, Amen. There's a problem there. But each and every one of us here tonight, Amen. Even though you make mistakes in your heart, you don't want to sin. There's no desire to sin. That's why you're here to hear the word of God. So that faith can come to you. Amen. So that you can progress in faith tonight. Amen. That you can grow in faith tonight. Amen. Grow into the statue that he made you tonight. That's why that's your desire in your heart tonight. But Satan tries to on every level to try to deceive even our own hearts. And that's why the Bible says if your heart condemn you, Amen. God is greater than your heart. Hallelujah. God has so justified the bride of Jesus Christ in every way. Amen. He's removed every obstacle. He's removed every hindrance out of the bride of Jesus Christ's way so she can come and take this open book and eat it and keep eating it. Amen. We got to keep eating that open book. Keep feeding off of it. Oh yes. It'll make the belly bit better. Amen. It'll do things in your life. It'll stir things up in your heart. Amen. It'll reveal things like David said, "If there be any evil in me, take it out, Lord." Is that your desire? If there's any evil, take it out, Lord. I want this vessel sanctified for the Holy Ghost. I don't want no devil in this vessel. I don't want no devil using this vessel. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. We talked about people misplacing, misinterpreting, dislocating the word of God for the age that we live in. So important, my brothers and sisters. How can you Amen. How can any one of them for their age come to perfect faith for their age and fulfill the word for their age if you misplace it? Amen. And dislocate it. We got to find the revelation for this age. And we can only find it in Christ. Amen. Only he can reveal it. Hallelujah. I'm never going to go back to man and man is going to reveal this to you. This is not what this is about. This is pointing you to Christ. Amen. We got to point you to Christ. You got to meet up with Christ somehow. You got to make a connection with Christ in your soul, in your spirit, in your experience. You got to connect with Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Yes. We talked about the changing of the age after the seals were open. How everything changed. Brother Brandham said the Bible became a new Bible. Remember he was just preaching what was he was re being revealed out of the Bible at that time. Now what he was preaching we call the message. Amen. Hallelujah. So he said at that time the Bible's become a new Bible. But what is the bride saying when these when these word opens up this book opens up to her in this day in this age? Amen. The message becomes a new message to us. Amen. Hallelujah. It's just not the seven church age message to us anymore. But it's the mighty angel Christ himself. If that's the message to us. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. And crossing over to the capstone, the bride age. Amen. We talked about the shift. There's always a shift going on. Amen. We need to shift all the time. God is always marching on his word. Hallelujah. We talked about it isn't a future thing. It's a now thing. It's happening now. It's taking place now, my brothers and sisters. He said after he preached the token message, Amen. He preached desperation. Amen. Hallelujah. If there's never been a time and day that we should be desperate. Amen. And I'm not talking about desperation where you're just weeping and crying and weeping and crying. Desperate for that word to be opened up to you. desperate for Christ to come to you to give you the faith that you need to overcome. And how are you going to overcome? Brother Brown said, "When the devil comes in as a flood, he floods your life with unbelief." What does he do? He comes and makes his word more real to you. Amen. The word that you are, God, the seed that you are inside, comes and gives you faith and makes your position in Christ more real to you. So you can overcome because without that you can't take the word of God. Amen. And speak that word. Amen. You can only speak the word. Amen. In your position. And only in your position when it's revealed to you can you speak the word. And it becomes the living spoken word of God. Just like Joshua needed the son to stand still because he had a commission. He had a revelation of what God wanted him to do. So he said, "I need time. Stand still, son." And it stood still. Amen. It's like us when we recognize who we are. Amen. We recognize the battle that we're going through. We can say the same thing. We can speak that word. Hallelujah. Because we know what we have need of. Amen. The bride will know what to do with the word of God. She'll know how to take the word in her own personal life and apply that word of God to her life and speak it. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We talked about playing it safe. It's not good to play safe. This is not about playing safe. This is about stepping out in by faith. This is about taking risk. Hallelujah. The children of Israel were playing it safe when when Goliath came. And here was Goliath defiling the very armies of the living God. But here come David. Amen. and a warrior, a man filled with inspiration, a man anointed from Samuel the prophet with a revelation of who he was to be king one day with visions and revelations breaking upon him. Amen. And he said that God gave me the lion. Hallelujah. God gave me the bear. God will give me this Goliath in my hands. And he went and he spoke the word. Amen. Hallelujah. because he knew who he was. He knew who God was. He knew what he was called to do. My brothers and sisters, do we know the prophecies of this hour? Do we know what's been spoken of us and what to do with the word of God in this hour? Hallelujah. Oh my. When we come into that, when a son and daughter of God comes into that kind of maturity and she's walking in that kind of spirit of Christ matured inside of her, oh my. Hallelujah. That's where brother Brandham says, I long to see that day. Amen. Cuz he's seen that maturity inside of him as the wave sheep. Amen. He says, I long to see that day. But he says, you know what? I'll ride this trail again. not him. But this Holy Ghost life, this token life of Christ, amen, when when when you recognize that you're a son and daughter of God, amen, is going to ride again. I believe it's now riding again, my brothers and sisters. Oh, hallelujah. You know how great this calling is in this last day? out of all the prophets, all all of them. Here we are in the last days, my brothers and sisters, me and you here tonight, how great this calling is. How God must have seen us before the foundation of the world and placed us here. Do you ever think about that? Amen. Being here tonight, hearing the word of God, recognizing God sent a prophet, but even greater than that, recognizing that you're part of the prophecies. Amen. You're part of what's been spoken of the bride of Jesus Christ. And here you are in the gross darkness, the most wicked, most deceiving age. Hallelujah. The pale horse rider riding, taking the word of God and mixing it all up. And here you are, God. God calling you, calling me tonight to take this word of God. Hallelujah. If we just get one glimpse of revelation of the meaning of that that God placed the word inside of us to take it on to the rapture tonight. Oh my. We would see things in a totally different light. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Revelations 10:17. That's to be brother Brandon speaking here. Then there's a coming forth of seven mysterious thunders. That's not even written at all. Not even written at all. Hallelujah. That's right. I believe that those seven thunders will be revealed in the last days in order to get the bride together for rapturing faith. Amen. Because what we have right now, he's talking about back then, it wouldn't be able to do it. Hallelujah. There's something that's got to step us further. Hallelujah. That's why we press on. That's why we come and we preach. That's why we encourage. That's why we rebuke. Amen. That's why we expose sin. to keep you pressing forward, keep you pressing on. We have not arrived, amen, God is preparing us, amen, for that time, amen, with those seven thunders will utter, amen, and reveal what we need to know and see to bring that rapture and faith upon us. Amen. But we got to be prepared. Amen. We got to be ready for that time. This is a preparing time. This is a getting ready time. This is a consecration time. This is a dying out time. This is a surrendering time for that time to come. God is speaking to us to get ready. Amen. Hallelujah. Sometimes we don't even got enough faith faith to be changed in a moment to be swept out of this earth. We find that after a while, the Lord willing, we'll find these things that are written. We can hardly have enough faith for healing. Sometimes, think about it. When we get sick and we get we get pain or whatever comes upon our body, we we we fight with doubt within inside of us. hardly grasping unless the saints come together and the faith of all the saints come together and pray which we should. Amen. But brother Brandham said in in the meetings there he said I want this to come to a place where you just accept the word of God for what it said. Just accept it. When God speaks to you, you receive it. You accept it and you move forward. Hallelujah. And then faith takes place. Healing takes place, deliverance takes place, God comes on the scene. Amen. Hallelujah. When we stay and stand ranked with that word of God. Thus sayeth the Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. Amen. That's the kind of perseverance, persistence that we got to have that it's thus saith the Lord and God you have spoken to me. Amen. The capstone revelation that reveals new knowledge or the revelation of God's plan at the end time in the book of revelation. The capstone is the final capping of all revelations to complete perfect faith in the bride that she is predestinated to fulfill because she is the final voice to the final age. Amen. Amen. There's going to be no other voice but her voice in this age. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm just laying some things. We're going to get into it a little bit more. Amen. Unto all people it is given to read the messages or listen to the tapes, but unto the bride of Jesus Christ is given to know the mysteries of the message, the revelations that are sealed behind the seven steels in the capstone. Then the bride starts recognizing that the scriptures that she is reading is identifying her and setting her free as the scripture says you shall know the truth. Hallelujah. You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free. It's okay to recognize brother Brandham in the scriptures and what he fulfilled. Amen. But it's recognizing who you are in the scriptures. That's what it is today. Brother Brandon was here, he would say, "Don't look at me and and my and my position and what I fulfilled." Amen. Look to you. Amen. Look to you in your position. Hallelujah. Amen. Only the truth when it's revealed to you who you are sets you free. Why people are in bondage? Because they don't know who they are. Why the world is lost? Because they don't know who they are. The greatest power that God has given through revelation to the bride of Jesus Christ is for her to recognize who she is. Amen. That's why he said that's why he said you'll be an invincible army. You'll be a hot potato to Satan. Satan won't know what to do with you. He'll have power over you. He'll actually be powerless before you when he stands before you. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. The prophet is not the Holy Spirit today. It's Jesus Christ, the mighty angel, come down to the prophet. And here he now he takes the word of God. He takes the word of God and now opens it up and releases it by the opening of those seals. Hallelujah. Amen. There's still a lot a whole lot the bride don't understand in the message. We don't see and understand everything, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. God is still unfolding. God is still revealing. Amen. These people that claim they know everything, they know the message. You hear them? I know the word. Amen. I I know the message. That's only the letter. That's only the intellect. Amen. Because you can never you can never release revelation on your own ability. No man was found worthy to release any revelation. God holds that power in his hand to release revelation. Amen. And he releases it in time and seasons. Amen. When it's need to be re released. Amen. That's why we're here. That's why God, we're going through trials and testings. Amen. God is molding us and shaping us and dealing with the very inner parts of us. Amen. Because there's times and seasons that God wants to release more of who you are, more of himself to you and unveil himself more to you. But there's got to be a preparation. Amen. There's got to be a preparation inside of us. Amen. Hallelujah. And that's the greatest battle ever fought. Amen. We're fighting the elements. Every one of us fighting this flesh as it gets older. We go to work. We get tired. Here we are Wednesday night, spent all day working. Now we're here. We're fighting the elements. Amen. Uh, Satan throwing everything at us. But God said he's going to have a bride, a a a spotless bride. He's going to have a bride with faith, perfect faith in this hour. He's going to have a bride that's going to overcome everything that comes her way. Regardless of what it is, he's going to have a bride. Amen. Amen. Now look at the word prophec prophesied. It means to speak forth by divine inspiration. To predict an event, to utter forth, to declare thing that can only be made known by divine revelation. And you could only know this by eating the book, by receiving a revelation for yourself for what this message really is. What is this message really about? What is this message supposed to do in me? Amen. Why was a prophet sent? Why were these things spoken? What is this supposed to do to me? Then the scripture said as we read you must prophesy again. Hallelujah. Now listen, prophesy again. We are not to move in a realm around us to try to prophetically see things and prophesy things. It says prophesy again. So something has already been prophesied about the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Prophetically means in a way that correctly tells or predicts what's happening in the future. It describes a statement or action that accurately foretells the future events. We don't need that, my brothers and sisters. We don't need to to move in a realm to prophesy like that again. It's already been spoken. It's already been prophesied. That's why he says prophesy again. We don't need to prophesy it again. The future events, it's already been prophesied of who the bride of Jesus Christ is. Her life has been prophesied. Her walk has been prophesied. Everything, her victory has been prophesied. Everything has been spoken about her. Now she has to prophesy again. Other words, she has to come to that same maturity. She has to ride this trail again. She has to move through the Holy Spirit in her life to bring forth the word of God inside of her again. Hallelujah. Amen. People running around with gifts and that prophesying this, prophesying that about the bride of Jesus Christ, prophesying God's going to do this, God's going to do that. God has already spoken it. God has already declared it. Amen. He's already spoken what he's going to do in these last days. It's already been released and opened up. Amen. The seven seals has been loosed. The names have been loosed. Amen. Hallelujah. The token is here. It's not coming. The token is here tonight. Hallelujah. Everything has been spoken. Everything has been prophesied already for the bride of Jesus Christ. Now, we have to walk into that prophecy by faith. Amen. That's what we're doing. Walking into that prophecy by faith. Second Peter 1:18. And this voice came from heaven. And we heard when we were with him in the holy mount. We have also a more sure word of prophecy. Whereto ye do well that you take heed as unto light that shineth in dark until the day dawn the day star rise in your hearts. Knowing this verse that no prophecy of the scriptures is of any private interpretation. Hallelujah. Amen. We don't need any private interpretation. We don't need anybody to come and tell us. Amen. What has been prophesied about the bride of Jesus Christ and what has been spoken. We don't even need anybody to really explain the message to us. Hallelujah. It's Christ. It's revelation that we're talking about. It's Christ that's the head of the church. It's the spirit of revelation that we're talking about. When the spirit of truth comes, amen, it's him that reveals it to us and makes it known to us. For prophecy came not in old times by the will of men, but holy men of God that spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Amen. We know the spirit said through the prophet that I'll ride this trail again. This wave sheet hath had come to maturity and manifest in the same as the first fruit did which is Jesus Christ. We will lose we will lose our authority and our rights to be the final voice in the final age if we come underneath any mantle of revelation of of any other revelation of the prophet in these last days and of the mighty angel. Other words we come under any kind of mantle any kind of uh influence of revelation out there except this seventh angel message. Amen. This word revealed to us in these last days, we lose that right to be the final voice. We have to take the word that's been spoken. Amen. This word that's being revealed in these last days and receive that word. Then we become that voice of God. Like I said, the word comes to the prophet. The prophet receives the word. Then he speaks it. Then it becomes the voice of God. The bride receives the prophet's word. Amen. And she receives it. She eats the book. She eats the revelation. Amen. It's bitter in her life. But she overcomes. She presses through and that word becomes flesh again. And then she speaks only what has been spoken. Only what has been prophesied in these last days. Nothing else. Amen. Nothing else. Amen. Oh God. That's what God wants to see. Amen. mature sons and daughters of God, knowing who she is, knowing the word that's inside of her and how she's going to speak it, how she's going to live it. Amen. How she's going to conduct herself under this inspiration of this hour. Amen. The meaning of prophecy, the bride is commanded, hallelujah, to prophesy again. This bride will only and can only prophesy again what's already been prophesied of her. She can only prophesy what's been spoken over the wave sheet and that's been waved over the people. Hallelujah. Amen. He was the first fruit. You want to know what a son and daughter God comes to become like when you come to maturity. Listen, when I used to listen to those tapes, Amen. I wasn't just listening to a man's voice. I was seeing a life. I was being attracted to a life of Jesus Christ. Humility. How God I can see through the tapes how this Holy Spirit was taking a man and molding him and shaping him and revealing himself to him. Amen. I was seeing the life of Christ more and more and more. And if you listen to the tapes and you go up and up and up, you see that maturing of that life of Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what attracted me. I want that. I want that life. I want that experience. Amen. I don't want to be a prophet, a seventh angel prophet like some people want to be or be like him. No. But I want that life. I want that humility, that life of Christ. I want the same God that was dealing with him. Amen. Amen. bringing him to a place like Paul says, "I die daily." Oh God, bitter in the belly, my brothers and sisters. Amen. Sweet in the mouth, the revelation of who you are. Amen. That you're called, you're elected, you're predestinated, but bitter in the belly when God starts coming to your life. Amen. Hallelujah. And asking for a surrender. Hallelujah. Amen. And consecration in this day and age. That's in itself is going to be overcome in power and victory. Amen. Hallelujah. The first one to come to maturity. Now the bride will come to that same maturity. Hallelujah. That's her prophesying again. The bride believes everything. The prophet believes where God led him, how God matured him as a son of God. The bride wants that same revelation, that authority to be the final voice in the final age. We must stay under this revelation of the prophecies that have been given to us in this hour. Amen. We must see these prophecies, seek these prophecies to be fulfilled in our lives in this day. Not to waver from it, not to put our own interpretation on it, not to say it's going to be this way or that way. Hallelujah. How can you look at the life of Christ through the tapes, through a man in this last day, amen, and say, "I'm going to put my own interpretation on it. I'm going to take the message and I'm going to I'm going to fit it to me. This is who I am." What do you mean this is who you are? You're supposed to be dead. Dead in Christ. Buried in Christ. It's not who I am. It's not who I think my personality or where I fit in. It's not where you think you fit in. That's not revelation. Revelation reveals where you fit in. Revelation reveals the part of the word that you are. Hallelujah. And you know it's not by your own thinking, your own strength, your own understanding. You know it came from somewhere. Amen. You didn't have it before. Now you got it. You didn't know who you were before. Now you're starting to recognize who you are. Who is that? Amen. That's a mighty angel. That ain't man doing that. That ain't you doing that. Amen. We're to conform to the word. Not to ourselves, not to the world, not to the things of the world, but conform to the word. Prophecies of this day that God has spoken over the bride of Jesus Christ. He's watching over his word. Hallelujah. God is watching over his word and he knows who is seeking. He knows those who are hungering and thirsting to become that word that's spoken for this day and age. He knows. I might not know. I might fool you. You might fool me and claim you're a good Christian and you want this word and you want you want to believe this word and that. But you can't fool him. He knows. He's watching over. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. You keep praying for me. Amen. It's one of those messages that is not easy. Hallelujah. Because it's not men that can reveal it. Now, we look at this book. We look at this open book. It's for a peculiar people. It's for a special prepared people, my brothers and sisters in these last days. The bride of Christ is the only one that is able to look upon this book. She's the only one that can take the book. She is the only one that was given permission to take the book out of the angel's hand and to look upon the book. The only one. It's not given to everybody. Hallelujah. You see how blessed it is when you recognize who you are. You really recognize that you're a son and daughter of God and that you're called. How blessed you are. How peculiar you are. Hallelujah. right there in that revelation of of knowing that when God reveals that to you and you know that and a lot of us are coming to that revelation right now in our experience in our fellowship, our testimony, we're coming there and some are coming a little slower. Hallelujah. Amen. Not anybody can take this book and eat it up because that open book is only revealed to the bride. It's been given to her to know as it says in Matthew 13:11. And he answered said unto them, because it's given to you to know the mysteries, but not given to them. The bride of Jesus Christ cannot go to the seventh angel messenger for the open book. Did the scripture say that when she came to get the book out of the hand, what angel was it that the scripture prophesied? It wasn't the seventh angel. It was the mighty angel. She can't get it by just reading, knowing the message. Hallelujah. Amen. The seventh angel himself. Look at brother Brandham. He said, "If the angel didn't come to me when I was studying those seals, I was studying here. I was studying there. I was picking this commentary, this one here, what this person said and that." And he said, "I was going to go out and preach that." Do you hear what I'm saying? He said, I was going to go out and preach that. But he said, "Then an angel came into the room." Hallelujah. The angel came into the room and started revealing, Amen. these mysteries, these truth to him. What are we talking about? Amen. The mighty angel Christ revealing these things. Amen. Christ is the head of the church. Christ the mighty angel has come down. He is here today. He's the one that you should be in contact with. You should be connecting with. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. I hope you're seeing something here. Amen. That's pointing you to Christ. Amen. In this hour, in this day. Amen. Brother Brandon was going to mess it up. Amen. But this book is only revealed by the mighty angel. Amen. This book is not meant for any half-hearted Christian. Amen. Any half-hearted message believer or or or or message follower or half-hearted in your consecration, half-hearted in your dedication to Christ. It's not meant for these kind of people. Hallelujah. It's meant for those, Amen. that are consecrated, that are wholehearted. He said, "Give me your heart. Give me your whole heart, my brothers. It doesn't come any other way. You can't get it any other way. The new birth is a mess." Hallelujah. It's painful. It's between life and death. Amen. We got to come this way. We got to dedicate our lives, consecrate our lives, every day of our lives. If this is real to you and this is open up to you every day, you should be seeking his face. Amen. In his presence, no matter what you're doing, Amen. You're seeking the kingdom of God with inside of you. I can be working seeking the kingdom of God. I can be doing certain things seeking the kingdom of God. When I wake up, the kingdom of God is on my mind. Oh God, I said, Lord, reveal yourself to me today. Give me something today. Give me some substance today that would make me stronger in who I am. Hallelujah. Oh, my brother, the the the devil, try to make you lukewarm, lazy, powerless, try to make you feel comfortable. Listen, I'm here to tell you, and I've been here telling you, Amen. You ain't going into rapture because you're in a message church. You ain't going into rapture because you believe God sent a prophet. You ain't going into rapture because you believe. You're going into rapture because God has called you, elected you to fulfill this word and become this word in this hour. You are an overcomer. Amen. You're not just overcoming little trials that the world gets. You're overcoming unbelief inside of you. You're overcoming the real true overcomer is overcoming the real sin which is unbelief. Amen. Unbelief in what God has spoken and prophesied in this hour. Hallelujah. This book is only for somebody who has sold out to Christ. Oh, listen. I've gone through ups and downs in the last 30 years, but I know when when he came and I didn't even understand what it was, but when he came and give me that experience of the new birth, I knew right there. I didn't understand it all. I was I wasn't at full maturity, but the deposit was made. The seed was woken up and I knew right there I was sold out for Christ. Amen. Oh yes, I was sold out for Christ. And here we are 30 years, some of us 33 years later. Amen. And walking and seeking for this revelation to constantly be open up to us and unfold to us. We're seeking to overcome. Amen. To become more like Christ. Our hunger and our thirst is more for Christ today than it ever was. Why? Because a new birth bring me to a soldout position and condition way back there. I can't be sold out one minute, not the next. No, I'm sold out. I can't be born again and not born again. No, I'm born again. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. I can't question my salvation. And yes, I make mistakes. I had to grow and understand that the seed of God is greater. The word of God is greater than the flesh. Amen. And I'm growing and understanding more and more. I still cry. I still repent. Amen. Of my weaknesses in my flesh. Amen. But that doesn't bring unbelief to who I am. Amen. It just makes me stronger in Christ. Amen. When I get weak, I I get weeping before the Lord. Amen. and I confess and I break down everything. Lord, search me and try me. Oh God, if there be any evil in me, take it out of me. Any thought, anything that I think, any way I speak, oh God, take it out of me. Amen. It's for this open book is for a peculiar people, a special called people, my brothers and sisters. You say, "Brother Tim, you're just up there yelling and screaming and this and that and making a big big rocket." No, I'm not. Somebody understands this. Somebody's experienced Christ in their lives this way. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. It's going to have to come inside of you, my brothers and sisters, as I'm going to start winding it down. come inside of you and possess you even your very thoughts as the scripture says bring every thought under the captivity of the word of God. What is it this revelation? We can't help the bird from flying over but we can help it from nesting. Amen. Unbelief. Amen. That bird was saying you're not the bride of Jesus Christ. You're not what the Bible says the message says that you are. Amen. Hallelujah. That don't that don't land on my head. Amen. That don't land on my heart. But I bring every word, every thought captive to who I am. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. I'm an elected seat of God. I'm called out. I'm a peculiar person. Amen. I've been born again and filled with the spirit of God. I'm on my road to heaven. I'm on my road to the rapture, a body change. I bring every thought captive to that in my life. Amen. And if doubt comes, doubt your doubts. Hallelujah. If Satan gets you and he's beating you on every corner of every doubt on every corner and you're getting confused. Yes, it happens. Doubt those doubts and start rising up and speak the word who you are in these last days. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. I've been called and elected to overcome you, Satan. Amen. You're going to be powerless before me. The gates of hell will not prevail against me because he has spoken it and he has come down and he's in me prophesying again. Hallelujah. There's prophesying going on. Lives are prophesying again. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Joshua 3:3. Look what Joshua when he was crossing over into the promised land. Amen. He commanded the people saying, "Yay, see the ark of the covenant with the word of God of the Lord your God. The priests and the Levites buried it, the five-fold ministry, then shall remove from your place and go after it. Don't stay in your place, your comfort zone. Amen. Go after that ark. Amen. Go after that revelation. Yes, sir. Keep going after it, my brothers and sisters. Don't stop. That's why the angel said to brother Brandham, "Keep pressing the battle. He was weak. He was tired. He was battle scarred." Some of us are the same way tonight. Hallelujah. But the angel said, "Keep pressing on. It's right beyond the other gates." Amen. Hallelujah. People are crossing over. Our sister we just heard crossed over. Amen. People are crossing over in a twinkling. In a moment of an eye, we're going to cross over. Hallelujah. Oh God, go after the ark. He says, that you may know the way by which you must go. Hallelujah. For you have not passed this way here. Therefore, and Joshua said unto the people, sanctify yourself, for tomorrow the Lord thy God was going to do wonders amongst you. I believe God is doing wonders amongst us. I mean every day, tomorrow, if you want to call it just tomorrow, but tomorrow, my brothers and sisters, God is going to do wondrous things when he starts thundering those seven thunders and start opening up the the final mysteries of the revelation of who we are. And the perfect faith is going to be starting to be released more and more to us. We're going to know who we are. Amen. Oh my glory to God. What hour are we living in? Where are we tonight? What's the spirit speaking? Amen. What is the spirit saying and testifying tonight? Not brother Tim. What's he saying? Where's God tonight in the present stage of his ministry in the bride of Jesus Christ in your life, in your experience? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. I'm going to skip over some things here. I just want to talk about quickly. Hallelujah. I came across this and it just blessed my soul in Genesis 18 talking about Sarah which Sarah types the bride of Jesus Christ. You're Sarah tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. And they said unto him, who said unto him? Melazdc. Hallelujah. God himself. God didn't send anybody else to the bride of Jesus Christ in this day and age. He came himself. Amen. He's not he's not speaking to you through a third person, a second person. God individually comes to you himself. When when when when Sarah had a visitation, it was from God himself. And when we the bride of Jesus Christ gets visitations, Amen. It's not just from a feeling, an emotion, an experience. is from God himself. Hallelujah. And God visited Sarah and he said to Abraham, "Where is thy wife Sarah?" See, he visited Abraham many times before. And when he every time he visited Abraham, he came and brought a commandment to Abraham. Get out of thy country. Leave thy family. Go to a land where I'll show you. But you see this time here which really blessed my soul. This visitation was different to Sarah because it's already been spoken to from God to Abraham. Amen. That you were going to bear a son. Amen. Hallelujah. It was prophesied. Now when God is coming to fulfill that prophecy, Amen. He came and visit Sarah. Not Abraham. He spoke it to Abraham the prophet, but he spoke it to Abraham for Sarah. Sarah was the one that's supposed to bear the child. The seventh angel spoke the bride of Jesus Christ. And the prophecies over her. Amen. But now he's going to come and visit her. Not the prophet's going to visit the bride, but he's going to visit her. Yes, sir. And he said, "Behold, in the tent." And he said, "I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life. And lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son, oh God." Hallelujah. This rapture, this this perfect faith is coming, my brothers and sisters, faster than you think. Hallelujah. And Sarah heard it in the tent door which was behind him. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and well stricken in age. We know the story, right? And it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of woman. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying after I am old and waxed, have pleasure with my Lord. You see, she was looking to the natural. She was looking to the flesh. She was looking at her circumstances. She was looking at the time of life, her age, his past. All the evidence was showing that she could not have a son. But God visited her because he prophesied and spoke that she's going to have a son. Oh, hallelujah. And the Lord said unto Abraham, "Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Surely I of the surely bear a surely bear a child which am old." Is anything too hard for the Lord? Think about it. He came and visited her according to the time to fulfill his prophecy. She looked at all her circumstances, all her situation. Why? Because she didn't have the faith. The faith was not revealed to her then. Even though it was prophesied about her, she didn't have the faith. So, she looked at all these things and then the Lord said, "Is anything too hard for the Lord?" Listen, my brothers and sisters, it doesn't matter what you have gone through, what you are going through. Amen. How Satan has tried to to show you that your life could never fulfill what's being spoken here. God's saying, "Is anything too hard for me? Is anything too hard for the Lord in this hour, in this day, this age that we face, this life that we have here, this this Leoian church age, this battle that we're in, the greatest battle that's ever fought, the Lord's saying, I have prophesied all this stuff about the bride of Jesus Christ that you're going to bring forth a rapture, a body change. Is anything too hard for me? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. He said, "At the appointed time, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah will have a son. And I believe at the point of time, God is going to open up and thunder those seven thunders." Amen. And reveal what's left to be revealed to the bride of Jesus Christ. Look in Genesis 21 to uh 1. And the Lord visited Sarah as he had said. And the Lord did unto Sarah what he had spoken. Hallelujah. He visited her as he has said, and he did unto her that what he has spoken and prophesied that he'll do. There's no doubt, my brothers and sisters, amen, that God is going to fulfill his word in this day and age. Hallelujah. Joel 2:25, I will restore all the years of the locust has eaten the caterpillar, the cankerworm. It doesn't matter, my brothers and sisters, all the years of battles and trials. It doesn't matter with Sarah. All the years that the the body was being aged. Amen. The the womb was being destroyed. Hallelujah. God said, "I will restore." Sayeth the Lord. God is going to restore this bride, amen, to where he needs her to be to receive a body change, a rapture in this day. Now listen, as I'm winding right down, the Lord visited Sarah. And as he promised to do in every other visitation of Abraham, the Lord spoke and instructed and God said to Abraham. But this visitation, this last visitation, there was nothing said. Read it yourself. Nothing was spoken. Everything was in silence. The half an hour silence, my brothers and sisters. Everything was in silence. God don't need to speak nothing anymore. God has already spoken and prophesied. When he visits, he comes to do one thing. When he visits you, he comes to do one thing. He comes to fulfill and bring faith. Hallelujah. It was the half an hour silence. It was the third pull being revealed to Sarah. Now, now is time for Sarah to come into her own individual experience and receive her faith. Not Abraham, but Sarah had to receive that faith and bring her faith to receive the prophecies that was spoken over her. You see, she doubted, she laughed, she did all these things though the prophecies were spoken about her. But then she had to get that visitation, that third pull, that revealing of that word had to come to her as the musicians come. I was spoken. It was spoken over her. The Lord was coming to Sarah to fulfill these prophecies, especially to Sarah to give her faith to receive the body change. Hallelujah. That is her visitation. And everybody who receives their visitation receives faith. Now look at all in the book of Hebrews. Hebrews 11 all talks about everybody who received their faith. Amen. And and it testifies of their faith and they came into that fulfillment. In Hebrews 11:11, look, it says right here, "Through faith also Sarah received strength to conceive seed." Hallelujah. All these years she could not conceive seed. She could not conceive the word, the promise that was spoken about her. Think about it. It was spoken about her, but all these years she could not receive it. But then when that visitation, hallelujah, to her personally came, she received faith. She received strength to conceive the seed. Amen. Because she judged him faithful who promised. Amen. Hallelujah. She went into that little room. She went into that tent. Hallelujah. where where where everything else is silenced, but she went in there. God called her in there. Amen. We don't know what happened. It's not spoken what happened, but all we know is she came out with faith. Hallelujah. She came out with that faith that she needed to receive that promise. Oh, God. When this bride, Amen, keeps going into that room, keeps taking that open book, Amen, she's continuing to receive faith. Faith, Amen. It's not explained. It's done in silence. It's done by personal visitation. Hallelujah. But then here she is just like Sarah receiving that seed in that little room. Therefore, leaving the principles of the doctrines of Christ, let us go on to perfection. Hallelujah. Let us stand. Amen. Brother Brandon speaking last quote here. Amen. In the token message, we are not to come together and talk about the message. We don't want to talk about it. We want to come together and get in the message. Become the message. That's what we're talking about tonight. becoming this message paying the price. I'll pay the price to become this word of God. I'll give my life as a sacrifice. I'll lay my life on the altar. I don't want to just know the message, know about it. I want to be the message. That pillar of fire, it's not about knowing. Brother Brandham, the quotes and all that stuff and putting it all together. It's the life. It's the pillar of fire. It's the life of the message. There's a life here, my brothers and sisters. And the message is Christ. He's the word. We're to get into it. Get beneath it. Yes, sir. That's what we're supposed to do. He's not responsible for any person out from underneath the blood. Not one. No matter who he is, he's not responsible. All had to take not only of himself but his whole family. There's only a safe. You're only safe when the token is on display. We cannot feel safe until this token is displayed. You hear what he's saying? We can't feel safe. [Music] That's right. You must come under this token, God's Holy Spirit, and it's displayed to you, Jesus Christ, because it becomes you and it lives inside of you. God is moving in so many supernatural ways in areas that no man can touch. We are getting ready to see something with our own eyes, and our own lives. It will be when the fullness of that capstone descends and cries grace graceal. That's when the fullness of grace will be made fully aware to the bride of Jesus Christ. And the prophet said we have only worked in a measure. We are getting ready to see in his fullness of what has been spoken. Listen, I'm getting excited because I see that the word of God is being preached all around. The five-fold ministry is breaking into this revelation according to the gifts and is breaking all over the bride of Jesus Christ. God is breaking it us to us here. I'm telling you right now, whether you see it or believe it or not, God is breaking this to us here now. Hallelujah. Amen. By his spirit, he's revealing. He's doing something. Amen. He's let He's sounding a trumpet. He's letting us know of coming events that's already been spoken. Amen. Hallelujah. He's bringing his visitation to us, just like he did to Sarah. Amen. Cuz he's going to come back and say, he's only going to do what he's spoken that he's going to do. Amen. She's going to conceive seed. She's going to conceive the faith that she needs for the rapture in this hour, in this day. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you, Lord, for the word of God tonight. Lord, we know it's only not by might, not by power, but by your spirit, Father. Come, Lord Jesus, and visit us, Lord, in the time and season, Father. Lord, that we may receive the word of God that we need to receive in this hour. That our eyes of our understanding might be enlightened, Father. That the spirit of revelation and wisdom may come upon us, oh God. That we may recognize the hour and the time and the season as individuals. Amen. Who we are and what we're called to. So, as individuals, we can step out by faith. And as we all step out by faith on this word of God, hallelujah, then that's the bride of Jesus Christ. That's the rapture marching forth to the translation. Oh God, in this hour, granted, Father, bless each and everyone in the name of Jesus Christ, continue to bless the ministry, our pastor. [Music] continue to lead and guide him in the word. Father, to inspire him, to strengthen him. Lord, he cannot do it on his own. We have declared and we have spoken that it's not done by man. Father, he's just a yielded vessel like I'm a yielded vessel. We're all yielded vessels, Father, to your spirit, to your will, to the portion that you place inside of us, oh God. Lord, we need you to come more and more and more. Father, separate us, Lord. Consecrate us, Lord, and dedicate us for this work that you have spoken in these last days. Grant it, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you saints. Amen. [Music] That day you set me free and made my heart is very true. My love is the one. I'm a prisoner of God. And now [Music] I [Music] am I am I can see who I am. I love my Savior God of his [Music] revelation on Calvary. On Calvary, he died to redeem his cross. the king of kings. He became my savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed that Christ and I one. Oh, I [Music] am I [Music] am I can see now who I am, a part of my savior, a part of this world. It's a revelation of who I am. Oh, I am I [Music] am Revelation of who I am. It's your revelation. It's your revelation of who I am. It's predestination. [Music] Hallelujah. Ship off the old block. Amen. You are dismissed tonight. Amen. [Music] Lord's attributes were in this in this reets and I want to praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. The [Music] original is what I believe. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
