################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-15 - God Still Moving through His Prophesies - Minister Desmond Opoku - Desmond Opoku.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-15
Title:    God Still Moving through His Prophesies - Minister Desmond Opoku
Speaker:  Desmond Opoku
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DbZMNXwvtA
========================================

Description:
Minister Desmond Opoku
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] of the Lord is perfect, conserved good in the soul. [Music] The testimony of the Lord is sure, making wise the same more to be desired and go. again much for my go [Music] sweet. The statues of the Lord are right. Rejoice in the [Music] heart. The commandments of the Lord is pure enlightening the eyes. More to be desired than gold and much fine gold. Sweeter also and the honey and the honey go. The fear of the Lord, the fear of the Lord is clean, enduring forever. The judgments of the Lord are true. and the righteous all together. And in keeping of them there is great reward great reward. [Music] and keeping of there is great great reward. All the fear of the Lord is clean enduring forever. [Music] The judgments of the Lord are true and righteous all together. And in keeping of them there is great reward, great reward. and keeping out there. There is great great reward. Amen. Testimony of the Lord is sure. Amen. God's word is infallible. Cannot fail. We're glad to be in his house again to worship him, to give him thanks. Amen. P it up after the waters. So my soul long it up to thee. You alone by my heart desire and I long to worship me. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my hearts. Desire and I long to worship thee. You're my friend and you are my brother. I even know you are a king. I love you more. God is so much more than ever. You alone. You alone have my strength, my sheep. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my own. Desire and I long to worship me. You're my friend. You're my friend and you are my bird. Oh, you are a king. I love you more. I love you more. Your heart is so much more. You alone. You alone are my strength, my sheep. To you alone does my [Music] spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and I love to work. I want you more. I want you more than gold and silver. You can sisfy. You alone are free. Joy giver and the boy. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone my spirit. You alone are my heart. Desire and long to worship. You alone. You alone are my strength. My shield to you alone as my spirit need. You alone are my heart. Desire and I long to worship. And I long to worship. And I long to worship you. I long to worship. And I long to [Music] worship you. Let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Oh grace God, eternal father, what a privilege, oh God, to come into your house again, Lord, to sing songs that our hearts are just blistering with love. Oh God, the love that you placed in us, Lord, nothing that we have done, Lord Jesus, that deserve this type of love. We are so grateful, oh God, that you're our friend. You know, the prophet said he called, you call Abraham a friend, Lord, and you're a friend. You are a father. You are mother. You are a healer. You are everything to us Lord Jesus. And the more and more we realize that Lord is is better for us Lord that if we could surrender this vessel and just yield unto you Lord Jesus and we desire oh God a closer walk Lord and that's what we hear tonight Lord to hear from you and not to hear from a man Lord but to hear from you Lord Jesus because one word from you Lord Jesus is all that it matters Lord to us. How grateful we are, Father, to know, Father, that you loved us before the foundation of the world. It just burns our hearts inside, oh God, to see that you is the one that's doing the work, Lord. We just have to yield oursel to you, Lord. You becoming us, Lord, in us, revealing yourself in us, Lord. You're the word, Lord. this flesh to really to this heal it and die to this flesh. Oh God, as Esther, if I perish, I perish, but I'm going to see the king. Lord, Father, we thank you, Lord, for this opportunity again. Bless each and every one, oh God. The sacrifice they have made to come out into your house, Lord. It's during the week. It's not an easy thing, but I I believe it every time I come, it is always a great blessing, Lord. And we are so grateful, Lord. remember those that is streaming tonight Lord that you would give them a portion of your word oh God as they come to receive instructions from you how we can navigate into this evil world that we live in Lord you have given us the strength to overcome we thank you we give you honor and we give you glory and praise in your precious name somebody say amen and [Music] amen hallelujah they come from the east and west. They come from the land of fire to feast with the king to dine as his guest. How blessed these pilgrims are. Beholding his silo face I glow with the light divine. Blessed partaker of his grace as trans is his crown to shine. Since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as can be. No longer I bear the burdens of God. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as bad as night. The darkness has taken flight. Now I shout the victory for Jesus has set me free. I long great my truth before you stand. No longer the tears sorrow is known no doubt in my blood. My savior has gone before caring away for me. No will be too part no more from time of eternity. Oh, since Jesus has set me free, I'm happy as can be. No longer I bear burdens of care. His yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as dark. Now I shout the victory. For Jesus has set me free. The gates of the holy place stand open night and day. Oh, look to the Lord who gave it grace whose love has been fed away. Our home in those manions fear his hand reserve for all for the wedding feast. Open the graious. [Music] Oh, since Jesus has set me free. I am happy as I can be. No longer I bear burdens. I yoke is so sweet to me. My soul was as black as night. The darkness and fly. Now I shout of victory for Jesus has set me free. Oh Jesus is coming soon. Our trials will then be over. What if our Lord this moment shall come for those who are free from sin? and worth it renewed joy. Our sorrow on deep when our Lord in glory comes with him in the air. Since Jesus, it's Jesus has set me free. Oh, I'm happy as I can be. No longer I fear the birds. This yoke is so sweet to me my [Music] soul. Oh my darkness I stay fly now I shout a victory. Jesus I said since Jesus since Jesus I said be free I'm happy I'm happy oh no no longer I bear burdens and car you'll be so sweet to me my soul was as black as night but darkness has taken Now I shout the victory. Jesus the same. Now I shout. Oh, now I shout the victory. For Jesus has said, now I shall. Now I shall set me free. How many you free tonight? Hallelujah. And greater than all my sins is the blood that still cleanses me. Is the grace that still set me free to praise him. I know the blood. I'm walking in newness of love. I cannot fall. Greater than all the blood of the lamb. Greater than all my sins. Greater than all. It's the blood that still cleanses. It's the grace that still sets me free. His praises. I know the glad walking in newness of love. I can fall great and all the blood. One more time. Greater than all my sins. Greater than all my is the blood that still hands. It's the grace that still sets me free. The grace I know the blood. Walking in you this I can fall for the greater than all blood of my Let's sing it one more time. Greater than all my sins. Greater than all my soul is the blood that still cleanses. It's the grace that still sets me free. [Music] Crazy. I know your blood. I'm walking in you love. I cannot fall with [Music] greater. I cannot fall for greater alone. The blood of the I cannot fall. I cannot fall. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. [Music] Amen. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer lives that all creation testify life inside me cry. I know I redeemed my heart. I know. I know. I know. My [Music] redeemer. I know my redeemer l. Let all creation testify redeeming Christ. Turn up the verses. I know my redeemer and who told the sun where to stand in the morning. And who told the ocean you can only come this far? You show them pro to evening whose words alone can catch a fall inside. I know my redeemer name. I know my [Music] redeemer. that all creation testify his life within me right I know I [Music] believe he lift away my shame he live forever I proclaim A payment for my sins was the precious life he gave. And now he's alive. There's an empty grave. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer live. Let all creation testify his life within me. Cry, I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer live. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer. Let all creation testify life within me. And I keep listening for a different song. It's the song of the city and jumping down. It's the song of the night. Keep listening. I keep listening. I keep [Music] listen. Well, I remember the prophet saying soon it should come to pass. Any generation that will be the last. I now believe outside of see the end of time and the prophet's voice going but I keep listening for a different song. It's the sound of the sea that John saw coming down. It's the song of the bride being united with the groom. Song of the car singing glory to the light. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for different songs. But I keep listening for a different song. It's the song of the city [Music] John. It's the song of the bright unit. It's the song of the car singing glory to the Lord. I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different Hallelujah. Amen. Listening for a different song. Amen. Hallelujah. Come on, brother. I was looking for God bless you. How you doing? Good. Wonderful. God bless you, sister. [Music] God bless you my brethren. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you. How is everybody doing this today? Wonderful. It's a great day. Thank we thank God to be here this evening. We are a few but God is here. That's the most important thing because God never miss church and Satan also never miss church. Hallelujah. Are you happy? Be happy. Don't let the world fool you. We are in the winning side. Hallelujah. Before we go to the word of God, let us pray. Oh dear Lord Jesus, the great almighty God who is like unto thee. Father, if you are with us, who can be against us, Father, thank you for this evening. You made a way for us. A few in number, but it doesn't matter. Your word counts and your present counts. Father, open our understanding. Today we are here to talk about your word. And Lord God, every time we talk about your word, you always draw ner. Come n unto us, Lord. Open our heart and mind and reveal things to us. Lord, even one word, add one word to our steps. cuz we move further. I thank you. Bless our pastor. Bless our brothers and sister who couldn't make it and bless those who are on the line watching. Father, open my lips to speak the word of God that is absolute. Lord, take anything that is contrary to thy word from my mouth and let the word of God prevail and Lord vindicate your word and let the people know you are with us because man we will fail but God never fails. Father we thank you. We invite your presence to be among us right now. Take full control of the first service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. And amen. We're going to read our Bible. Colossians Colossians um let me put myself together. Colossians chapter 1 verse 12- 29. Father bless your word in Jesus name. Colossians chapter 1 verse 12- 29. This is Paul. Today we're going to talk about Paul, the greatest apostle. Hallelujah, one of the creators. Giving thanks unto the Father which had made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light. Who had delivered us from the power of darkness and had translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins, who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible. Whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers, all things were created by him for him. Hallelujah. And he is before all things and by him all things consist. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeeminence. For it is priest the father that in him should all fullness dwell dwell. and having made peace through the blood of his cross. by him to reconcile all things unto himself. By him I say whether they be things in earth or things in heaven and you that were sometimes alienated and enemies in your mind by wicked works. Yet now had he reconciled in the body of his flesh. Through death he present you holy and unbraable and unreprovable in his sight. If ye continue in fa in the faith grounded and settled, and be not moved away from the hope of the gospel which ye have heard, and which was preached to every creature which is under heaven. where of I Paul I am a minister. I made a minister who now rejoice in my suffering for you and fill up that which is behind of the afflictions of Christ in my flesh for his body's sake which is the church whereof I am made a minister according to the dispensation of God which is given to me for do to fulfill the word of God. Even the mystery which had been hid from the ages and from generations, but now is made manifest manifest to his saints. To him God would make known what is the richest of the glory of his mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you. the hope of glory whom we preach warning warning every man and teaches every man in all wisdom that we may present every man perfect in Christ Jesus where unto I also labor striving according to his works which workketh in me mighty May the Lord add his blessing for the reading of his word. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Today my message we going to talk a little bit about Paul. Paul one of the greatest apostle. Paul I think everybody knows about Paul. Paul is mostly all the wrote all the most of the the New Testament. Paul a servant of the Lord Jesus Christ as we all know that wasn't a as we all know Paul Paul wasn't a Christian. How many know Paul wasn't a Christian? I think everybody knows because he was a killer. Why Paul was a killer? Because he was he wasn't a Christian. But let me tell you about Paul. Paul was a man that was zerous for God. And he was a Jew. I read about Paul a little bit here. Rabbi Griia, also known as Griia Eder, was a prominent Jewish rabbi and a and teacher in the first century. He was leading figure in the Sanhedrin, the supreme Jewish court and is mentioned in the New Testament as a mentor to the apostle Paul. So Apostle was mentor and be teaching. He was teaching by a Jewish rabbi called Griia. Hallelujah. He is re he is reveal revealed for his wisdom, legal expertise and role in preserving Jewish tradition. So all the teaching that Paul got was pres the teacher that were he taught him what he taught him about tradition about law. He was expert in law and the same time about traditions of the Jewish. how the Jewish because he was a rabbi. So he know about Moses, the law of the word of God because he know how Moses God called Moses and Moses led them to the Jewish to the Israel uh to Canaan. So Paul Paul was taught by this man knowing he was serving God. So and and to serve God, you cannot mix tradition and the law of the human being together. You can't mix that. But they didn't know. To Paul didn't know. He was a young man, very young man. But he was he loved God. He was taught by his parents maybe as a Jew how they thought about the history how God delivered them through Abraham through uh Abraham to Egypt and then God called Moses and how Moses miraculously by the power of God took them through the wilderness to the Israelite. So at the same time this man was a teacher of the oral law law. He was a master of the Jewish oral law which was passed down through his generation of rabbis. So he was not converted by God. He was a law. He had law together with the tradition. So when this thing to get get together is a killer because if you don't obey the tradition they will use their own law to persecute you. So Paul learned much about that. And Paul had he knew he was serving God. He has a seed of God inside of him. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So when through all this learning tonight my message the topic of my message is God still moving through his prophecies. God is still moving his through through his prophecies. When God start working, he never stop. And anytime God is he raise a prophet, they prophesy for the future. The future the prophecies is like the light that is guiding them. So they have to follow that God God prophecies by his prophet anointed prophet something like Isaiah and all the prophets Samuel and all those prophets and God God started working he never stop he never stops he is always moving because it's a promise promised that one day he would take his children out from this earth because you remember we were all lost. So when he came he he has a mind to redeem his children back to him. Right? So all what he need that time he has to get somebody that he can trust it and put his spirit inside of him. So he started with who? Abraham. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Amen. Amen. Thank you Jesus. So when Paul was taught that the Jewish they always look what God has done for them because they miss the word of God with the tradition. They forget to look through the prophecies whom God has spoke through his prophets. So if they could have watched learn the prophecies in the Bible, they will not miss the Lord Jesus Christ. But thank God the Bible said God intentionally allow them to miss so that me and you can be drafted in. Hallelujah. The wisdom of God is marvelous and is tremendous. And let me tell you, Christianity is the sweetest religion in this world here because he has proofs. Hallelujah. Not just only proofs, he has reality and is still moving on the same way that it started. It never lose a beat. Hallelujah. So as we are sitting here today, let me tell you, you are blessed to be Christians. Not just to Christians, to this message that we are in right now. You see the same thing that happened to the Jews. They could not recognize the prophecies that is in the Bible. But thank God, God has opened our understanding for us to recognize our day, that we are living in the prophecy that was in the Bible. Hallelujah. How did the Jews forget? They couldn't recognize the the the prophecies. Paul because he learned through tradition and law of mankind. He didn't know to check the Bible. He was blinded the prophecies that what God said in the prophecy. Let's read something here. Let's check Isaiah 9:6. Just today we going to talk a little bit. Isaiah 96. For unto us a child is born unto unto us is a son is given and the government shall be upon his shoulder and his name shall be called wonderful counselor. the mighty God, the everlasting father and prince of peace. You forget about that that thing there. He said a child will be born and all the power and the government nobody shall be upon him. So if Paul could have recognized this, he would not miss the Lord Jesus Christ in his days. So when this thing happened, at the same time there was another one. Let's see Isaiah Isaiah Isaiah uh I think uh 40 40 um three. This is a this is a this here was a prophecy that it has to happen in the days of Paul but because he could he learn in the word wisdom but he didn't go deep in the word of God though his heart he know he was studying God because Torah was everything to them remember that they believe in Moses so everything that turn away that Torah there is a persecution they will kill you they know they were worshiping God but was a wrong way they miss that with the word that's why you cannot miss the word of God with a worthy wisdom there's two separate things why the denominations are now off from the word of God said if you are shooting a target like this and you miss just a a a a a a little by the time you get to the door is one in o off the word of God. So you cannot do that. He said listen to this prophecy too. The voice Isaiah Isaiah 40 and3 the voice of him that cried in the wilderness prepared the way of the Lord making straight in the desert and highway for our God. He said for our God. Even this year shows that Jesus is God. He said for he preparing a way to meet straight straight way for our God who uh uh the prophet uh uh John John the Baptist who who prepare wasn't he the one that prepared a way for the Lord Jesus Christ. Yes. So he said, he said, "Make straight in the desert and a highway for our God." He's preparing to meet who? He preparing the way for our God. Who was God? The Lord Jesus Christ himself. Hallelujah. People does not understand this little little things here. When you see this, that means God has blessed you. He has opened your understanding because you want to know and God gave it to you. Hallelujah. The word of God is too good. Hallelujah. So when they didn't Paul was not looking for this prophecies in the Bible there so he miss it. The Jews forgot that God was moving forward through his prophecies. Instead they takes they stuck by their own tradition and rituals. This is what happened today. The church the the normal church in this world here they stuck in their rituals and traditions of the word of God they are not looking for what we going to see this we are walking through the prophecies right now because that prophecy God has prophesied those things till the day that we meet him to over there because that's our guidelines God give us a guideline, you know, because we never been there before. So he set these places there. When you get there, he said, you know that you on the right path. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. This is exactly what happened today about our modern denominational churches. Pentecost, Baptist, uh bread, all kind of all kind of and so they miss mass because they are not looking for the prophecies that God has promises. Hallelujah. But God is still moving through his prophecies. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are moving by the word of God. By the word of prophecy. Let us let me tell you if you are not expecting the move of God, you will leave behind. How can you move with the word of God? You have to look through his prophecies because that's our guideline. You cannot move without the prophecies that is in the Bible. We are going home through these prophecies. Even our days after brother Abraham, this is the bright day. We still moving through the prophecies. and and and and and let me tell you this one here is very very interesting. So this has nothing to do with the message believer or preacher. These Jews were rabbis. They knew the word of God but they miss it. It doesn't matter how much you know, how much you study, how much you you your holiness. God has not locked that. I going to read something for you about Simeon. But Abraham speaking here. Let's take this one here. birth pain. The birth pain birth pain uh paragraph 145. We're going to read here. Everybody pay attention. This is very serious. Sorry, I need something here and I forget to I need I forget to put my phone in there. Okay. Okay. I uh this birth pain paragraph be birth pain paragraph uh let me check the the the the year birth be um okay pins I didn't see the year there and Simeon had prophesied listen here Simeon was a blind man but he was expecting so he check if you are not expecting you cannot get a woman has a child he's always expecting for the child to be born every woman every woman that has a desire to have a child he's always expecting to be a mother right if you are not expecting you cannot get. You have to expect to get something. If you expect to be rich, you have to be expecting to work and save your money and work towards that. Hallelujah. I I think nobody expecting to be poor. If you expecting to be poor, you'll be poor. Hallelujah. Is that right? Amen. Simeon he said he will not leave this earth here until he see the Messiah. So he was expecting Paul was not expecting because he has no idea how these prophecies in the Bible cuz he did not because when somebody is teaching you you always become like your teacher. What a sister taught you is what what what what you that what you're following. They told him anything that come against this Torah is deadly. You have to kill it because God is one. And the Jewish believe only one God and is really God is one but he has too many office and he has his prophecies that he work through. So if you miss that prophecies, you cannot get there. Let's read here paragraph 145. And Simeon has prophesied and said an old man he said the Holy Ghost told me that I will not see death until I see the Lord Christ right now. Who is leading you? Who is leading you? You just tell me who is leading you right now. The Holy Ghost, the same Holy Ghost that led Simeon is the same Holy Ghost leading you right now. It does not change. That's the spirit of God. If you don't know who is leading you, you will never see. Hallelujah. I I believe every Christian that has that desire to know the Holy Ghost, seeking for the Holy Ghost, he has a right to get it. If you don't have a Holy Ghost, you will never understand nothing. He is the one who is going to reveal everything to you. Me, I stand here, I cannot give you nothing. Until God gave me something, give me something to tell you. Hallelujah. And I believe the God that I serve is real God, he will never give me anything contrary about his word. Hallelujah. Do you believe that every minister that stand here is led by the Holy Spirit? How many believe that? I want to see your hand. How many believe that? Yes. If you don't believe that, you will not get nothing from here. Hallelujah. This is real. And the same Holy Ghost is the one that will take you to your destination. He is the light that is leading you. He is the one who's going to give you encouragement. Hallelujah. So, Holy Ghost is very very very important in your life. And your mommy, your pastor, your deacon, nobody can give it to you. Is God himself will give it to you. Even your husband, your wife, your children, they cannot give it to you. is individual affair. So you if you want to go to heaven, you got to strive to have a Holy Ghost. You got to know that you know yourself in your heart that you have the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. This is very serious. This is not a joke. Without the Holy Ghost, you cannot get nowhere and you will never understand the word of God because Holy Ghost is God's spirit and he is the one who going to reveal himself to you. Hallelujah. Simeon said you will never die until you see God. Hallelujah. Brother Abraham, why some of the priests, you know, said, "Poor old fellow, he's just a little off." You know why? He got one foot in the grave now. And the other one sleeping. Why just let him alone? He's been an honorable old man by by his kind of the maybe he's kind of um this one you know that yeah the mind of mind but you see what did his have what did he have it was revealed to him by the Holy Ghost God himself never mind how much people criticize you with your lord scared head. The young man, you don't have a bushy hair. You don't have a ruster. A woman put a raster. The man put a rust and they go like this. They go like this. Like the dog has a a a a what do you call it? A a a saw in the ear that the the fries are bothering. You go like this. Do you understand? Never mind. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Never mind how much they criticize you. Hallelujah. You're awkward. But that's where God want. You're handsome. You're beautiful in the eyes of God. Hallelujah. It doesn't matter how much you go to, how much they criticize you. This woman, they criticize him. They laughed him to the corn. He is cuckoo. He is cuckoo. The same thing they going to tell you, you are cuckoo. You follow this message, you become a oldfashioned. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. The word is going insane. But you are walking in the step of the gospel. You are you are on the way to heaven. Hallelujah. Never mind how much they criticize you, they talk about you. God loves you. God honor you. Hallelujah. Amen. They did that to Simeon. That's this that's the same thing that is revealed to you people in this afternoon. The Holy Ghost brought you here for some reason. You understand? The Holy Ghost brought you here for some reason. Your mommy, your daddy, your aunt, your grandfather, your grandma, they did not understand you. God is dealing with you personally. Don't let nothing, nobody criticize you. The day will come they will, they would like to run to you to get something from you. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. They did to Noah. Noah was building the ark. What did they do to him? They laughed him to scone. You you this baldhead old man. Look what you're doing. They laughed him. They drinking. They're smoking. They do all kind of dancing strip joint and all kind of stuff. But Noah knew God the Holy Ghost revealed to Noah that the rain is coming. So he has to prepare. He was expecting. Hallelujah. God has revealed to him. When God reveals something to you is real. Remember he's God who created everything on this earth. The God that you serving is almighty God. The creator of heaven and earth. Every living thing. When we read the word of God, you heard that every living thing. sea, land, everything. And that's the God that you serve. That's the God, that's your father, that's your mother, that's your sister, that's your all in all. Hallelujah. So don't look left, don't look right. Just look away to Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you. There's some the the holy the Holy Spirit look at this priest and cy here from Methodist, Baptist, Catholic and all. They were moved by the Holy Ghost. The hour the hour is here. So the Holy Ghost move on them and they've been looking for it. Hungary then Jesse one day you know didn't have television. Thank the Lord for that day. So they they so they they was they was down up upon the hillside of Judea. There was a baby born, a star appear and so for off. But after 8 days, the mother brought that little baby in the wrap in in wrapped a swadden clothes. A swadden clothes I am tell was they didn't have nothing to put on. It was a little little rag of a yolk of an ox. I am told that was his swadding clothes. Here comes Joseph and then coming with this little baby. I I I imagine the mother stood back from the distance with their little babies with needle work and everything said look look there see there she is see she was pregnant by that man here she comes in that Stay away from her. Keep your distance. They still think the same thing. But Mary with the baby in her arms, it didn't make any difference why they thought. Didn't make any difference what they thought. She knew who son that was. So and so does every believer that accept God's word accept go accept God's word into their hearts. I don't care what the system say. You know what it is. It is a promise of God. It was revealed to you by the Holy Ghost when you were over overshadow with his power. No man brought me here. No man brought anybody here. Let me tell you I came to this church one day I went back. It was if it's myself or somebody I will not be here. I cannot give my testimony now. God himself brought me here. The same Holy Ghost that led Simeon brought me here. The same Holy Ghost brought you here. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And so to everybody accepted. Okay. It was V to it was V to you by the Holy Ghost when you were overshadowed with his power. You know where it where it where it is at. No man has a right to preach the gospel until he's met God back on the back side of the desert in that burning bush to where there was no existential system and in the word and explain it away from you. Nobody can explain it away from you. You were there. It happened to you. I don't care what the system say. You are witness of it. Hallelujah. I feel like the old colored man I was talking about. I I ain't got room up here now. See, I felt very religious at this time when I think and that's right. God himself revealed to you the same thing he revealed to Simeon. The same thing revealed to you. Hallelujah. Simeon has a promise setting over in his study that morning. Oh, I guess there might been several hundred babies brought in every morning. Every morning about two two and a half million Jews in the country. These babies coming and more and many born every eight days. mother to come off offer offering for purification and how and now here come Simeon sitting there you know maybe reading the scroll of Isaiah I don't know but all at once why he was reading the scroll he was reading the prophecy a child will be born hallelujah so he was expecting. Are you expecting rapture? Praise God. Hallelujah. Now, if the Holy Ghost has made you a promise, the Holy Ghost has got to keep the promise. Has got to keep the promise. If it is really God, he if he if a man comes through and say a certain thing, God doesn't back it up. It isn't a scripture to begin with, forget it. And if he says it's so, it is so and God still doesn't back it up is still wrong. Everything that you say, you hear has to back up with the scripture. God has to confirm it. Hallelujah. Course God interpret his message. He his own interpreter. What he says comes to pass. Then God said hear him him for it is the truth. He said hear him for it is the truth. That's only common sense. If he say it is happens and it happens that tells it it must be very it must be every time exactly the truth because God does not tell lies. Hallelujah. And so then here is Simeon sitting there taking the persecution. You're going to take persecution till the day that we go over there. The persecution cannot stop us because we know that we know. We have no words to explain. When God tells you some do something, my brother, my sister, you cannot explain. When God speak to your heart to do something, no words can explain, but you find yourself doing and it will happen exactly what how God said it. I went through. So I know nobody don't have to tell me and I cannot explain so many times I cannot explain but it's happened exactly what is happening. Hallelujah. So everybody that a child of God have to have Holy Ghost. That's your endless hope that you have. That's the one that is leading you. Hallelujah. So don't pray with it. Anything that the preacher or the pastor said you don't understand it, go back to the word of God and check it out. Don't take my word. Check it out if it's true because you are the one that dying, not me dying. I cannot if you if you if you don't check it up and you go to heaven, the God going to ask you, did you have my word? Yes. said, but why didn't you check? Why didn't you check? It's your responsible, your responsibility to check the word of God. Don't let the Bible lay down there and that's it. Please. Hallelujah. So, and here was sitting there listening because he was part of the remnant, the word the the word was coming the word was revealed to him and all at once when the baby come into the temple when it was duty of the Holy Ghost to reveal that it was there. So he moved by the spirit of God. He didn't move by himself. He moved by the spirit of God. When spirit of God move you, can you recognize it? So that you don't fail what God want to use you to do. That's why you have to be familiar with the Holy Ghost. God want to use every one of us. You cannot He cannot use you if you don't know him. You can't you you you are not having familiar with his spirit. God can tell you go pray, go lay your hand upon somebody and if you if you don't have the spirit of God, you will miss it. You miss the word of God. You miss your paycheck. Hallelujah. It's very very important. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. um come right down along with the the h the line woman until he got down there where the little baby was. They they was all staying away from pick up the babies in the arms and the Lord let the the servant depart in peace for the eyes have seen I I okay I forgot I left something here the word revealed to him all at once the baby was in the temple when the duty of Holy Ghost revealed to him he so he moved by the spirit came out to the little steady room right down through the hall. Hit the line. Woman come come right down along the line of the until he got down where the little baby was. And they were saying they were staying away. They was all staying away from pick up the baby in his arms. Lord, let your servant depart in peace, for my eye have seen your salvation. And at at that time, another one of the little elect was elect in that day was Anna. Anna was another woman. He was moving moved by the same Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So that's that's what so Simeon and Anna was expecting. So they recognize that day the prophecy that was supposed to fulfill that day. So this this message I I I have a long message. I cannot finish today because it goes on straight down to what I want to finish it up. So, hallelujah. Anna was expecting a Okay. Today people can sit in their churches their church day and night without seeing the move of the Holy Ghost in their church. Sometime people become stagnated. Stagnated is like a stag snag stagnate stagnated water is a water that doesn't move. So all everything is inside there. It cannot move. So it's it can't go. It's dead water. So when you are sitting the church, please don't don't just sit down. Get something. Grow. Grow in the Christ. We have to grow. I came to church. I didn't know nothing until gradually precept of precept. God had every day. And now God has called me to tell you what I learned from him. I didn't stand here by myself. I have no education. All what I know is Christ. Hallelujah. So everybody has a gift and God going God is going to use that gift. But unless you make yourself available so that he can use you. Hallelujah. Remember Paul was a young man. Salvation was in his gen. Okay. He acted what he trained for. He acted what he trained for. Paul killed. Not that he wanted to kill, but that's what he trained for. He was trained by the law. But one day, God met him in Damascus. That's where God has to change. He before he was Saul. So that name that Saul, God has to change the name to Paul because after before after he met God, he became a changed person. He became a changed person. Each and everyone I was not like this. Hey, let me tell you. You used to have a curry hair, bushy hair like this, handsome, no ugly like this time. Yeah. Handsome, bushy. Every woman see me, they want to marry me. Hallelujah. Thank you. But a time came when God got behold of me. All those things gone. Woman, this this everything gone. I'm a changed person. I became a new creation. Things I used to do, I do them no more. The places I used to go, I go there no more. The things I used to do, I do them no more. It's been a great change since I was born. Great change since I was born. Great change since I was born. great change since I was born. Been a great change since I was born. I was born in Christ. I'm a new creation. The same thing as the same thing Paul, God did to Paul. You cannot stay the old way. When God calls you, he give you a new test. The test of heavenly test. When you see somebody you want to talk to him about Christ, when I came to the message first, when I go to when I go to work, I cannot eat my lunch. I gather people and speak. By the time I ran the bell ring, I I put my I bring my food home. I couldn't stop talking. I had lesson. Then when I had lesson, then I came to work. I was crying. And they asked me, "Why are you crying? Are you are you hurt?" I said no. God has saved my life. If no, God saved my life. When I was in the world, if I was in the world that time, I was seeking for insurance to get money. But that time, something had got hold of me. God has saved me. So I was rejoicing. Hallelujah. I know God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. So that's what happened to Paul. So when Paul God took him to the land and took everything that he learned from Galia away from him. Then he became God. Hallelujah. A masterpiece of God. Hallelujah. God. Paul became a masterpiece of God. Hallelujah. You see that that thing there? Paul, his name is there. As soon as that happened, he became what? A root. Thank you, Jesus. God planted him on the ground and they say, "You're going to flow out." Hallelujah. And Paul the the the the root start going to ground. He me persecution. Oh, glory to God. He start dancing. But he know what is persecution because he was doing it. They have to drive him. He he was preaching the gospel. So sometime they have to put him in a basket and roll him outside the door because the people were waiting to kill him. He know about that. When they were killing Steven, Paul was standing there. Hallelujah. Oh my. He said, "Now I taste I taste the sweetness of Steven. Hallelujah. When Steven was dying, he said, "Father, forgive them. They they know not what they doing." He said, "I saw the Lord Jesus. You are sitting on the heaven. Oh God, receive my soul." Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. The sweetness of Steven, Paul tested it. And then when Paul came out, where is Rabbi Jones? Where is the devil that make me kill these people now? I'm going to come after you. Are you going after devil right now? We going after him. I rather preach and die than going the world there because I know there's nothing out there for me. I have Christ. I have everything. the creator of heaven and earth. The one who who saved my soul, who died on the cross for me, who healed my sicknesses. Oh, hallelujah. Who purchased my salvation on the cross? If God is in me, who can be against me? Hallelujah. You are children of God. Hallelujah. Aren't you happy? Aren't you happy? We're going to talk from Paul maybe if God permit. I have a lot of thing here. We're going to talk about on Sunday if the Lord permit. Hallelujah. We're going to talk how God has promised you through the prophecies and is working on you. Do you believe that he's working on you? Hallelujah. He's working on me. You see I am happy. I don't care. I think even the day that they would not if rapture terries and I'm not coming and they and they say I am dying or I dead and they knock in the coffin I will wake up and laugh at them. I am happy to go. Hallelujah. Where is Yeah. I will I will raise up while they knocking the the the coffin and I will goodbye. I have salvation. There's no death in me. This precious is what you are looking for. Put it there. I'll be stand there laughing at them. What is death to me? I don't care what because right now I am sold out for the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Paul, they persecuted him. Saul, Peter, all of them. Do you know that they killed all of them? They persecuted them. Do you think you're going to go free? Why they persecute them? Jealousy. Jealousy. Because they don't have what you have. Satan make them jealous. You think when the Noah children were going inside the the the ark, those people when they realized there was raining, they tried to run inside, but God locked that ark there. You know that right now, God is about to lock the door. Nobody can come in. Exactly the same thing that is happening. The rapture is on his way. Don't lose. Grab it tight. Grab the Lord Jesus Christ tight. He's already holding your hands. You are inside. You know my message. I going to show you something. You cannot get out. Even if you if God lock the door, how can you get out? He has the key. How can you get out? He can run and run and run and you bumping your head, bumping your head. You can't go nowhere because he already got you. Yeah. Work for him. Please work for him. The world cannot give you nothing. Nothing. You are here today. Tomorrow you are not here. See how precious brother Kofi, he's planned everything. We we stood in the balcony here talking tomorrow this tomorrow this the following day our brother couldn't move only the grace of God that's why I said God hold your hands if God didn't hold your hold your hands you are nothing you are nothing in this world please I think I I I have to go to we're going to we're going to continue If the law permit, if the law permit and I have another time, we going to we're going to get part two of this about God God uh God is uh my God is moving God still moving through his uh prophecies because those prophecies are are real and Abraham Abra he promised Abraham Abraham walked through his prophecy, God prophecies before he get the children that you're going to have a son that was a prophecy and it came to pass Isaac this Moses all the pro we are walking through the prophecies till the day that we meet him without the prophecies you cannot see the light you understand so I think I'm going to stop here my brother yeah let us let us uh stop here we have we're going and I talk about it uh another time if I get a chance to stay here. Hallelujah. I have so many things to to talk about it. But the time is not we have to go and just have put this bounds and get a little rest so that tomorrow we can recuperate again to get the energy to move to go to work again. Right? Hallelujah. Because it's God is good. God is good and I am happy for my I'm really enjoying my salvation. If you don't enjoy, I'm going to enjoy. Hallelujah. Aren't you happy for for for God give you such a wonderful salvation? My brother said one in a million. One in a million. This salvation is special. William Braham message is special for special people. So if you are in, not everybody can get in. If you are in, just work it out. [Music] Okay. I am blessed. You are blessed. Don't look at yourself. God is looking at you. If you don't have anything, just ask of him. Anything that you don't understand is say ask and I will give you wisdom to understand. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, pursue it and God will give it to you. Desperation. Yes, he will give it to you. You are not standing here by yourself. He calls you this. He led you as he led Simeon and Anna these old people. Hallelujah. May the Lord bless you. Let let us pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you for this great this mumble words. Father, won't you come down and bless your people tonight? You have blessed us already with your word. Father, the next steps is anybody who doesn't have the Holy Ghost. Lord, show them how they can get it. You give it freely because you did on the cross so that we might go free. And father, bless them. Teach them, oh God, the ways of God. Hallelujah. How they can be familiar with your spirit and walk as Simeon. The spirit of God move Simeon to the child. Isaiah 9:6. Thank you, Father. We appreciate you so much. Let the hand of God lead every one of them. Everyone, if there's any sickness, anything in each and everyone's body, Satan, I come against you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. As I stand in the pulpit here right now, as a servant of God, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus Christ. lose God people. Let them go. They are God's property. Whether their wife, their children, their grandchildren, their mother, their grand grandmother, grandfather, Satan, lose them. Let them go. Every pain must be loose right now. Hallelujah. Father, I thank you. Let the joy of their salvation be upon them. And let them be happy as happy can be. take every worry, every trials, every trouble away from them and father let them see you face to face and they will never be the same. Thank you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen and amen. God bless you. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are passed away. I'm born again. More than a con. That's what I I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new I'm a new creation. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things have passed away. I'm born again. More than a coner. That's who I am. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand newlelujah. [Music] I'll be born again to it. I thank God you justify me. I [Music] smoke. I'm a new creation. I'm a brand new man. All things are passed to me. I'm born again. More than a [Music] con. I'm a new creation. I'm a great man. There's been a great change inside. And I [Music] choose the things I used to do. I don't do that. Things I used to say, I see them no more. The place I used to go, I won't forget no more. The sweet and grave change since I was born. There's been a great change since I was born. A great chain s [Music] It's inside. It's been a great chance since it's been a great ch. [Music] It's been a great Jesus. Hallelujah. How many enjoy the word tonight? Amen. You are dismissed. Amen.
