################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - A Father Under Authority (Under Authority - Part 1) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   A Father Under Authority (Under Authority - Part 1) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker: Danny Mazzilli
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VR6P0PCroNE
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I have a maker [Music] before my And before even time, [Music] let's sing that again. I have a maker. Oh, I have a maker. I have a maker. [Music] before my heart and before even my life was in his He knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every se. [Music] [Applause] I have a father. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My father. He calls me so. He calls me. And he never me. No matter where I go, he knows your name. He knows my name. He knows my every [Music] me. I have a father. I am a father. [Music] He calls me [Music] and you never leave me. So where I go, [Music] he knows my name. He knows my [Music] he and his me. He knows my name. He knows my name. Oh, he knows my [Music] he and hears me when I fall. And he hears me when I call. And he hears me when I And he hears me when I call. And he hears me when Hallelujah. How many believe he hears you when you call this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm an attribute of God. A child of the king. My life is hidden within. He hides beneath my skin. Before the world was born, before time began, I always [Music] not [Music] for tomorrow, Lord is my life. I'm a child of the king. And so now I see I was always there. There has no sting. There has no stain to the children of the gay. The price was paid on God. Praise him. The gates of heaven open to set the captives free. [Music] Nothing can separate us from his love for me. Not yesterday, not yesterday, not for tomorrow. Eternal my [Music] I'm a child of the king. And so now I see I was always there. Where were you? Oh, where were you when the morning stars together? I was there. Where were you when the suns above shouting for joy? I was there. Yes, I was there. I was there. I was always there. Where were you? Oh, where were you? When the morning stars together, I was Where were you? When the sons of God shouted for joy, I was there. Oh yes, I was there. I was the whiskey. Not yesterday. Oh, not yesterday. Not for tomorrow. eternally live my life. I'm a child of the king. And so now I see I was always there. I was always there with him. I was always there. How many believe that this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. I want to greet you in the precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers, all our earthly fathers. Same time, we want to remember the greatest father of all, our heavenly father. That's why we all Amen. this morning. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Let's sing this song. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you. Amen. [Music] Heavenly Father, I appreciate [Music] you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. I adore you. I love before you heavenly father. I appreciate you. Holy Spirit, [Music] Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] Holy Spirit, you're to me. You lead me. You guide me. Until Holy Spirit, you're comfort to me. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, you're comfort. [Music] Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] You lead me. You guide me. You're dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We pray your name. Come and go with me to my father. Oh to my father. [Music] Oh come. Yes you are my father. [Music] King Jesus will be there. Oh, in my body. Let's all stand this morning. In my body. Jesus. In my body. [Music] There'll be no sorrow. There'll be noorrow. My father. In my father's house. In my father's house. In my father's house. Oh, in my father's house in my father [Music] joy. There will be no sorrow in my life. All our sorrows will be gone. My father [Applause] is [Music] coming with me. Come and go with me to my father's house. To my father's house. My father's house to my father's house [Music] to my father's house. Keep on walking. So keep on walking. I love the Lord. You have some. [Music] Oh, walk in the light of the Lord. I search and search. I search and I search for that to glory and I wonder if I find my way. And I sat down to rest for my feet had grown so we can walk. Keep on walking through the One day I walk you [Music] in the light of the Lord. I pray. I pray. I pray and I pray for the Lord. I pray for him tonight. My name [Music] was for my voice me. Just keep walking, keep on walking, keep on walking, keeping the Lord. You can do it. You are [Music] right. I sat down to pray. I sat down to pray cuz my foot had gone so I wonder if I ever find my way. And I heard a sweet voice and be [Music] on the king of the king of the [Music] the right one. You got to keep on walking. [Music] [Music] [Music] You walk the right way of the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Keep on walking. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. In the Bible footstep, it symbolize possession. Listen to this scripture. Deuteronomy 11:24. He says, "Every place that your foot tread upon shall be yours." It's a promise of inheritance this morning. But you got to move. Amen. Keep on walking this morning. Amen. As we go to prayer this morning, if you have something on your heart this morning, lift it before the Lord this morning. May your brothers in prayer this morning. Hallelujah. Let's bow our heart this morning. Oh dear Lord, we thank you so much. Thank you for the words of encouragement that we should keep right on walking in the light of the Lord. Hallelujah. Father, this is a great strength for us. Father, I thank you for this morning. You have given us a life, mercy, and grace once more again to be your house of worship. There is no place to be than to be here this morning. whether in sickness or any trials, any temptation, any tribulation. Father, thank you for taking us through. And Father, we appreciate you so much this morning. Father, if has not been for you, where will we be this morning? Thank you, Lord, if you have chosen us to be here this morning. Oh God, strengthen your children. Words of encouragement, life. This is life. Hallelujah. Lord God, as you are wored, we can gain the whole world. And if we lose our soul, where would we be this morning? Right now, some people are passing through going where they don't know where to go. I thank God you have revealed yourself to us that we are we know the God that we serve is alive forever more. Father bless your people. Father we be welcome this morning. Speak to our heart. Help us to humble oursel to receive what you have for us this morning. Encourage our pastor this morning. Give him strength and courage as he bring forth the words of life to our souls. Lord God, Father, we appreciate you Lord Jesus. Press the sun leader. Press the hearer. Press the bicious, the sons of Zion, the singers. Father, press each and everyone as we sing. Lord, receive the songs that we sing this morning. Lord Jesus, we thank you. Lord, if there's anyone sick among us, Lord God, heal them, encourage us, strengthen us, suffer our problems because all is yours because you took everything upon yourself on the cross so that we might go free. Father, we thank you. Reveal yourself to us so that we know the God that we worship is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, we bid you worker in Jesus name we pray. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. Turn around and greet someone this morning. Amen. Let's turn around and greet your brother or sister this morning. Hi, brother Bill. Brother Bill, let's take the tien offerings. Lord, we are so grateful for this opportunity to come back in your house and bring our ties and offering this morning before you. We give you thanks and praise in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. I love you, Lord. How many love him this morning? How many appreciate him this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Could you put up for me? I love you, Lord. Amen. [Music] I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me all my days. I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able I will sing of the goodness. Sing onto him this morning. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest night, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. I have in the name of God. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. Oh, all my life you have been so so good. Every that I am in I will sing of the goodness of God all my life. Oh, all my life you have been faithful. All my life, all my life you have been so so good. Every breath that I am in, I'm able to sing of the goodness. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after. He's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. With my life down, I surrender now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after is running after. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after running after me. Your goodness is running. Your goodness is running after running after me. With my life surrender now. I gave you everything. Your goodness is running after is running after me. All my life. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good. [Music] Every breath that I am able, [Music] I will sing of the good name of God. Oh, how many believe that this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. How many believe he's a miracle working God? He's the alpha and the omega. Amen. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle working God. He's the big God. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle working. He's a miracle working God. Oh, he's a miracle working God. We are the God. He's a miracle working God. I'll never go away. Never go away. I'll never go away. Lord, I never go away. Oh, I'll never go where he end. I never go. Praising the Lord. I never go. I feel so happy. I feel so happy. I feel so happy. I feel so happy. I feel so happy. I feel so happy. Praising the Lord. I feel so happy now. I never go. I never go where he Oh, I never go. I never go away. Praising the Lord. I never go away. You are the mighty God, the great I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the mighty God, the great I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the mighty God. The great I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are the mighty God, the great I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are a mighty God. I am Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You are a mighty God. Great I am. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah. the highest. [Music] You are the most high. You are the most high. You are the most high. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. You are the most high. You are the most high. [Music] You are the most. No one higher. No one higher than the Lord. Amen. The most high. Oh yes. [Music] Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Praise God. God bless you. Uh musicians, thank you very much. Welcome everybody into the house of the Lord today. Amen. Praise God. I see some uh some wonderful uh faces out there today. Even my oldest daughters here. Wow. I'm I'm I'm uh very very blessed by that. That just made my father's day. Amen. Praise God. Glory to God. I just want to thank everybody for being um patient over the last uh six weeks or so. I want to thank God for these wonderful ministers that have uh stepped in and have stood in the gap and have um been there to uh continue the cause. Amen. To take the word of God to the people and to allow the word to transform lives. Amen. Because that's what we believe. We believe the power of God's word to transform and change lives. It happens. It happens uh every single day. We see it happening. Amen. Little by little, he says, "I will deliver my people." Amen. Praise God. I really enjoyed the service last Sunday with brother John Simon, the rear guards. Wow. Praise God. If there was ever a time we need to understand that the enemy is coming in from the weak spots, the rear, you know, when we're focused on doing certain things, he's there trying to come in from behind and snatch away some of the young ones, the, you know, the the the weaker um ones that are just coming into the Lord. But uh and even those that have been around a long time just snaring them away with deception and lies making them think that um you know this is not the the ultimate and absolute truth. God is the absolute truth. Amen. The self-existent one. Elohim, the creator of the universe. But you need to know who he is and you need to know his plan. Amen. Praise God. And so we want to thank God um you know that we've been encouraged by the word of God to finish the race, to do what all that we can to finish this race. Don't worry, I won't leave you standing too much longer. And to take your position and to know that if God has called you in this time, he's also equipped you. Amen. He's given you everything that you need in order to overcome the age that we're in. And what an age when a world is It doesn't take much. Anybody can look around and say, "Hey, things are falling apart around out there. Things are not how they should be." Amen. But God knows. And we know that prophecy is what um overrides all of these things. So, praise God for that. Um we want to thank God. We are continuing the renovation and the and the uh the new um sanctuary that we're looking forward to. Chairs have been ordered. things are going to happen. All of a sudden, you're going to see a great change. And I'm trusting that you can see it as, you know, God doing something new. He's giving a uh, you know, a a new look to the sanctuary. Um, and maybe uh doing something new in your life, too. Everything has a purpose, a plan, and a and a and a purpose. Amen. Young People's Ministry. Don't forget next month we have the special meetings for the young people at Grace uh Tabernacle in Bmpton. Uh Pastor Denqua is hosting. Brother Alistister Francis for the young people. I'm encouraging all the young people, every one of you, please try and attend those services right from the Friday to the Sunday. You are excused from our services. young people on the Sunday to be in those services because I believe you're going to be tremendously blessed. He's a wonderful minister. I've listened to him. I've been really blessed by his ministry and I know he has a heart for the young people. So, don't miss that opportunity. Do everything that you can to catch those services. Amen. Also, there's a uh on the bulletin board, you'll see there's a family camp uh in Brigden under Pastor Dale Langstaff, August the 1st to the 3. Anybody that's available that would like to maybe attend one or two of the services, I'm going to try myself and Sister Jennifer to be there for one of the services on the Friday or the Saturday. Amen. So, um, just, uh, I know you're planning your vacations and your summer, uh, getaways, but, um, see how the Lord directs and guides you. Amen. Next Sunday, we have Pastor Maxwell Lee, who's from Guyana, who will be ministering for us. He's a very close friend of Pastor Simon and also a wonderful minister who is walking in the present truth. and I believe we're going to be very blessed to be a part of that. Um, I want to welcome all the visitors. I know we've got some visitors here today. Welcome, James. Welcome. And your daughter. Glad to have you in the house of the Lord. And um we want to remember um the uh there was a there was a a a gentleman that Brother Desmond um baptized here in Good Neighbor Ministries. He went he passed away I guess maybe what two years ago or so and his wife just recently passed away. They're the uh uh the the Bosian family. We just want to remember them. Uh their mother just passed away. They have uh the children have been here a couple of times in the house of the Lord. So just remember them in prayer. Let's just um uh encourage one another. Amen. Let's pray before we go to the word. Father, we thank you for this opportunity now as we approach your word. We ask you would come and you minister, you take control of the the thoughts, the word that will be spoken through the vessel and Lord, the hearts and the and the and the minds of the people that you would uh uh inspire them with your word by riding the word in spirit and truth. Father, take control now. We surrender ourselves to your service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise God. Let's go to the word of God. We're going to be looking at a father under authority. I know it's Father's Day. You know, it's Father's Day. This title here, you know, when I started to look into it, the first, you know, initially I titled it a man under authority. You could place it a man or a woman under authority. And um it's it's coming under authority to a higher power. And what we're going to be looking at is while we while we, you know, look into these scriptures, uh we're going to see that when somebody is truly under authority, they're in authority. Amen. Especially when it comes to understanding the supreme authority of the universe and the supreme authority of Jesus Christ, our God. Amen. As the supreme authority in the universe. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. Amen. Amen. And the word was made flesh. So let's read our scripture and then you may be seated um from Matthew 8 familiar scripture verses 5 to10. It says, "And when Jesus was entered into Capernaum, there came unto him a centurion beseeching him, and saying, Lord, my servant lith at home sick of Pauly, grievously tormented." And Jesus saith unto him, I will come and heal him. The centurion answered and said, 'Lord, I am not worthy that thou should us come under my roof, but speak the word only and my servant shall be healed. Now listen what he says here. He says, "For I am a man under authority." He knew that he was under authority. He had been given an authority because he was under an authority. You can't be given authority unless some something higher gives you that authority. And so he says, "I'm a man under authority having soldiers under me. And I say to this man, go and he goeth. And to another, come and he cometh, and to my servant, do this, and he doeth it." When Jesus heard it, he marveled and said to them that that followed, he says, "Verily I say unto you, I have not found so great revelation, so great faith. No, not in Israel. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Wow. Think about that, saints. Here the Lord is saying, I haven't seen faith like this. And here all all he all he was saying was, "Hey, I I'm a I'm a man under authority, and if I say, you know, something needs to be done, they do it. They listen." What he was saying was that I know who you are. I know that you are the word made flesh. I know that you are God and that your word has supreme deity and authority here on this earth. And all you got to do is speak the word and my servant will be healed. You see, he was expressing faith that he knew who he was and he knew who Jesus was. Amen. And that placed him in a in a in a place where God himself looks and says, "Wow, this is amazing faith." Like, can you imagine? So, there's something in there that I believe that we can draw from today. That's where I I've drawn this this whole inspiration from, you know, and and more specifically, we're going to be looking at fathers, okay? Because to truly understand the position of a father, you need to understand the heavenly father. Amen. Before he was a father, he was God. He was the creator. Whatever he spoke, it was he only expressed himself as a father. Amen. But in that expression, he was showing that in all of creation, in everything that he would be doing here in this earthly existence, because this is our earthly existence. This is where we are. Deal with it. Okay. A lot of people, you know, they want to they want to look so much into what's coming in the future. They want to look back into the thousands and thousands of years and millions of years of the past. What good is that going to do you if you don't know where you are right now? What good is it going to do you if you don't know what what what's expected of you in this day and what God is doing today? That's what's important for us. And so here now he was he was recognizing his position and God was expressing fatherhood through Jesus Christ. Because listen to Jesus everything he said he says I do nothing lest the father shows me I and and then and then when Philillip you know one of his disciples goes up to him and says Lord you keep talking about the father I'm just you know I'm I'm I'm I'm exaggerating a bit he says can you show us the father you know you keep talking about him and everything that he does and Jesus just stopped and he looks at Philip he says have I not been with you for how long have how long have I been here? Look at everything that's been happening. Can't you see? He says, quote, "If you see me, you see the father." Thank you, Jesus. It's not I that doeth the works, but the father that dwelleth in me. He's doing the works. Thank you, Jesus. So he was expressing this whole plan of God having a family and fellowship with people on earth. God uniting with man. Amen. This is what his whole plan was. And when he came in Jesus Christ, he was showing that God could have a place on earth in human flesh. Even though Jesus was created by the spoken word when the angel went to Mary, Jesus was not a creation of a father and a mother coming together and the seed and the egg coming together. No, he was spoken word body. That's how Adam could have called every one of us before the fall in the garden of Eden. All he had to do was because God's creator, God was expressing his attributes himself. He was just expressing himself into Adam. And then Adam was given dominion over the earth to express out of himself. And that's why he took from himself out of his own womb of a woman and created a companion, the wife. And this is the whole plan of redemption that we're that this is everything that we're talking about here today. And so when we talk about father, we need to see it in its right perspective. And when we look at all these things that we're going to look at today, when it comes to being a father under authority, we can better understand how important and why it was that God placed the responsibility of a family in the hands of the father. The father is responsible not because of any other reason but because that was his plan from the beginning. Amen. We need to be able to see that. Let's go to the next slide. In Proverbs 29, it says when a when the righteous are in authority. Now, when we talk about righteous, I'm not saying that there's none righteous. Amen. There's nobody here that say, "Oh, I'm a righteous father." No. The only righteousness that we can claim is the righteousness of God himself, his spirit coming upon you, taking possession of your life, controlling your thoughts, and giving you the ability to have his righteousness operate through your life. Amen. You're just blessed to allow him to have have preeminence in your life. But he says, "When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice. But when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn." And it's so true. When you've got a a dictator in a in a in a country or you've got somebody that's completely uh you know, his righteousness, I it's what I say goes. It's if you don't do what I say, we're taking your head off. That's the kind of, you know, dictators and rulership that's going on in the world. And that's why this world will will only fail without the the faith and the revelation and the understanding of God's plan for humanity. Because pride takes over man. Pride, lust, the things of the flesh. You know, man, you know, like every man you you you look at any man that that's ever fallen, he's fallen because of three uh because of one of these three reasons. The pride of life, I'm the best. And you know, I'm the head supreme leader over here. If he's mobbed, I'm the boss over Chicago. Yeah. Boom. Now I'm the boss. You see what I mean? It's all about, you know, pride. And then the next one's got more pride. He says, "What? He called me what? Boom. Takes him out. You see, it's all and and and and everything is is doomed to fail because of that understanding of not understanding God's way God's ways. Amen. Pride of life, lust of the eyes, I got to have this woman. She's mine. I'll kill for her. Or the lust of the uh you know, lust of the flesh. Or the lust of the eyes. I got to have the biggest, the best. I got to be the richest. And he ends up falling flat on his face because of those elements, not understanding God's plan for man. Amen. And so if if there's if there's righteous authority and there's an authority in a father or in a man or in a woman that's positioned under the word of God, they come into authority. Amen. That's what we're going to be looking at here. Let's let's read on here. So, listen, here's a quote. Um, you know, when when, you know, when I started to talk about authority, I'm sure some of you, you know, might have been thinking, oh, well, you know, here we go. He's, you know, maybe the women start to think, oh, he's going to start hitting on, you know, how we got to be got we got to be under submission and, you know, all about submission to our husbands and this and that. That's so much um you know perversion to to you know people have put so much of a perversion on this message when it comes to that they just don't understand that that the wife and the husband is a type of Christ the husband and the wife being the church coming under the submission of the word of of his plan so that there's safety in the plan and so you know deacons you know when we start talking about this. You know, the pastor, oh, well, he wants us to line up with with his vision. We got to we got to see it the way he sees it. No, you're all individuals. And then some of you young people, you might think about authority. You might be thinking, "Oh, uh, he's going to he's going to tell us off because we're painting our hair purple or or you know, we're tattooed from top to bottom." That doesn't change who you are. If you're an attribute of God, an actual part of God, it doesn't matter what's what what you know, like listen, we could go back and look at our past and we could every single one of us would would say failed. Boom. Failed. Boom. Every one of us. But remember, this is not about our righteousness. This is about him coming in and cleaning out and taking over so that we can fulfill our part. Amen. We have a part in this whole plan of redemption. Amen. That's what we want. And so the authority that we're looking at today is the sovereign authority that God gives you when you're positioned properly in the word of God. Amen. And so here uh brother Brandham's uh you know from the message presuming he says here in 1962 he says now I'm I'm going to teach on the subject of presuming it's just presuming now if we were the Webster says that to presume is to venture without authority actual authority or to take it for granted that's the word presume means go without authority or just taking it for granted. Now that just take it for granted. Now that's to presume. Now Israel made a fatal mistake when they did this. Not only Israel, but everybody else that does it. It will be a fatal mistake when you presume to walk with God when God has not called you to walk with him. Now remember, you can't have real true authority if God hasn't called you to the position and you know that you've been given the authority. You don't a police officer has to be ordained an officer given a badge. He could be 4 foot2, but if he stands in front of the traffic and he goes stop, that car, which is a 5,000lb car, has to come to a screeching halt because that 4 foot 75lb man put up his hand and a badge in his left. He's been given authority and therefore he's under the authority and he has the authority. Okay? So you need to be So here God has not called you to walk with him or when you presume to venture out upon things that's not scriptural thinking that it'll be all right. It's not all right. Eve presumed. She presumed it would be all right because Satan presented something looked awful nice but she presumed it. It wasn't the word. You don't want to do that. You want to stay with the word. Don't move from that. Stay right there. No matter if you stand. And remember, men that ever done anything for God stood alone with God. Amen. You're going to have to stand alone on on on your conviction. If you've really truly come to a conviction in your life, you got to be prepared to stand there aside from everybody else saying you're wrong. Amen. Because that shows that you truly have a a walk with God. You've come into a personal relationship with God. And remember that he says uh on the road there's only room for two. That's you and God. And you men that's ever done anything under the convictions by the word stood alone. Amen. We've had to be alone. We've had to stand alone. We've had to re bear the reproach of this word to stand with God. But I'm telling you, you stand with God in this time and in this season when a world is completely falling apart. There's wars going on right now. There's things going on right now that at any moment things could change in a moment in the world. You want to know who you're walking with. You want to know where you stand. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So the thing is, you know, as a as a um as a Christian father, for example, I'm physically no different or better than any other father out there. I don't have any special abilities. But if I understand my position as a father that has come under the authority of the word of God for this day and for this hour, then then I'm given an authority by God. The word gives authority. God's not going to honor man. He's going to honor his word. And when you stand with his word, he honors that. Amen. That's why, you know, there people say, "Yeah, but you know, which church is God going to believe?" You know, there's so many different churches out there. They all teach different teachings. One's Trinitarian, one's God is going to vindicate himself. God will personally reveal himself to you. Personal. Remember, don't don't be looking at, "Oh, I went to Good Neighbor Ministries. Maybe that's the right church." No, no, no, no. We're not claiming any of that. We're claiming that you need to come into a relationship with Christ, God himself, so that you can know. Jesus said the gates of hell will not prevail against divine revelation. When he said to Peter, who's you know flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, Peter. How do you know who I am? He says, the father which is in heaven personally by revelation from his mind to your mind. And now you know he says that's how I'm going to build my church. One by one I'm going to call them that way personal. Amen. And so we don't hold any I I I don't have any great abilities. I'm no different than any other father out there. But I believe the word. Amen. And by by coming under the authority of the word, God now places an authority in my life. Amen. He places it in my life. That anything that comes into my life, it doesn't mean that I'm going to rule over every single thing or a person that comes into my life. No. But he allows me to stand in my position and to be fortified by his word. Amen. I don't have to argue. I don't have to push and fuss. I don't, you know, it takes a long time for us to come to realize this, but this is the maturity of the sons and daughters of God. When when I first came in, listen, I'm going to be the first one. My daughter's right here. You know, I've apologized many times. I made a mess of my position as a father and and said things and and, you know, did things and got angry in certain ways. Didn't understand. But I can tell you one thing, it was not out of, you know, hatred or any of that nature or or rebellion. It was because of the love that I had for them and for God. Amen. Because I can look back and there's I, you know, I could have done things a lot different. Yes, we can. And listen, we've all made mistakes. So, so you know, you're going to hear things today, you know, about fathers, you know, that and you're going to, you know, a lot of us that, you know, when I, when I was doing this study through the week, let me tell you, I got convicted a lot. E, I got into some, you know, some Lord God, wow, you know, thank you for for giving me this understanding now. I wish I had have had it more back then, but that's growing. That's how you grow. That's how you mature. You can't look back at your mistakes and sit and and and and you know flog yourself because of it. What good is that going to do you? You got to move on. This is the plan of God. And what you know what I'm coming to discover is that God's love and that fatherly love that he has and that I have now for my children. I never had this kind of love for them like I'm experiencing it now. That's right. I want them to be free. I want them to know that that that that we we serve him because we love him because and and I want them to be happy. I want them to know they're they're what God has called them for and and season and time. And if God has a place for them in this revelation, they got to come. There's nothing that can stop it. Amen. But I don't want to presume anything. I don't want to be presuming anymore. I want to be a father that understands that I've come under the authority of his word and that now whatever needs to to to be uh authorized to come into my life, God's going to allow it to come. Amen. And if God's going to stop something, he'll stop it. And if he wants me to speak something, I'll speak it. If he wants me to say yes, I'll say yes. If he wants me to say no, I'll say no. Because now I understand my position where it comes from why I you know and you as fathers you are the supreme authority in your homes. Not to dictate not a dictatorship but there has to be one that can say yes or no because there cannot be division. And a wife that understands, a husband that's under the authority of God, realizes that when she submits to her husband, she's got the protection of God on her. And that even when her husband gets out of line, God can deal with him and not so much with her. You see, this this is understanding God in in a way that you know, because remember, God will honor his word. And this is all pertaining to human existence. And as long as we're human, we got to deal with it. I don't care how spiritually minded you might think you are. You got to go to work tomorrow and you got to make money to pay the bills. So, we don't want to presume nothing. I know that that that you know I've recognized the word of God for my day and the position that it gives me and I'm not going to presume anything. Amen. Glory to God. And so, uh, I want to look here now, um, in understanding, let's let's go to the next slide, that there's that there's, uh, you know, there's a a resisting of authority out there. People don't want to come under authority. Pe, you know, you're naturally built that way. your your your nature is going to is going to resist authority because you're going to want your own way. That's just the way you're designed in your nature. Because remember when the enemy went that serpent went and deceived Eve, he got her to rebel against the word. He got her to disbelieve the word. And that's all that the enemy has to do is to get you to disbelieve the word. And the moment that you do that, you're resisting authority because you're not giving the word the absolute in your life. And we know that, you know, when when you've come into an understanding that that that the absolute is in you, you've still got to come to the maturity of being able to handle the power and the authority that God places in you. Because without character and with your own pride and your own ideas, you're going to be satanic in your decision-making. You're not going to be able to rule with God's character. Under God's sovereignty, by God's love, you'll rule because of your own emotions and you'll be controlled by your own emotions. But we need to understand that that that Jesus Christ when he was expressing fatherhood, it was fatherhood is an is an attribute. We need to see fatherhood for what it really is. It's an attribute. It's an expression of God. It's a way of bringing leadership and order to a home and to a to a a family and to a country and to a nation and to the world. Amen. Without understanding God's leadership and and what fatherhood really is in in Christ, the mystery of God revealed. I don't have the quote there. I just was reading it before I came out. It said here, "But what he wanted to do," he's talking about God. He loved fatherhood for he was a father. Yes. A father. Listen, what makes a father a father? The ability to create. Yes. Without a woman, he can't create. So the woman is very important here when it comes to understanding this whole plan of redemption. That's why he needs the church. He needs the bride. He needs people to recognize your your part in in the whole plan. And so he goes on, he says he loved fatherhood for he was a father and the only way he could express it was to become a son of man. He had to come and take on human flesh so that he could experience the human experience as a as a human being having having authority over the flesh. That's the reason Jesus kept saying the son of man. See, they didn't know what he was talking about, many of them. But now you get it. See, he wanted to express himself. That was his one of his great threefold purposes was to express himself, identify himself with human beings, to reveal himself in Christ. That's why he took on a human form. And secondly, to have the preeminence in his body of believers, which is the church, which is the wife, which is the bride. And so that his bride that he might live in people. That's what he says. So that God could actually live in people. Amen. And so the bride, the true church understands this relationship. That's why we're not playing church here. We're not, oh, let's go to church on Sunday. I'm telling you, 99% of the people that are going to church, they're doing it by tradition. Yeah, they're doing it because they want to please mom or dad or their friend or their their their their their pastor. They want to show up, but there's not a real true uh, you know, meaning and and and relationship with the self-existent one, almighty God himself. Amen. This is what we've come into contact. I had no idea that this was what I was going to contact when I went to go buy furniture from Gabriel. But God was in his life moving and preparing and calling and dealing with individuals that were lost on earth in a spiritual amnesia, not knowing who they were and had to bring them out of that amnesia. And so when when I went into that place, something happened supernaturally that opened my understanding to the reality of God. Amen. And that has to personally happen for you to understand what I just said. Amen. Hallelujah. And so when a man is under the authority and working under a higher authority, now we're talking about the wife and understanding the relationship because he wants this relationship with you. When a man is under under authority, for example, when when somebody is like uh you know like an estate and he's the head butler, he's the second in command other than the boss of that home and he runs, you know, the whole kitten kaboodleoodle. The man's got 35 servants, 10 bakers. He's a multi-billionaire, runs an estate, and his top guy, he's been with him for so many years, and man, when he walks into the room, everybody goes, "Yes, sir." Right away. They make sure everything's perfect. He decides he's going to get married and he takes on a wife. And nobody knows this wife. Nobody has any idea who she is. All of a sudden, she shows up and she's living in the house and she's living in his room because she's his wife. The moment she comes into the room, everybody says, "Yes, ma'am." They'd never seen her before. They didn't know her before. But because she come under the authority of her husband, she immediately has authority. Thank you, Jesus. I want you to know that you believing this word that that everybody thinks you're cuckoo. Oh yeah, you're believing you're following this guy, you're following this, you're following that. You that have known that that that know that you have not come under the authority of some man-made teaching, but you've come under the authority of the living God. And you now as his wife have an authority because you know who your husband is. Yes, you understand your position in the body and in the family of God. And now a father that has this understanding when his daughter or his son gets sick and he goes and lays hands upon them knowing who he is and the authority that he has, even the doctors have to come submit to that father because he's got a higher authority. Because he's got the authority of God. Amen. You can lay hands on your sons and daughters. You can lay hands on the sick and believe because of your submission to God that God has given you an authority by the grace of God to lay hands on the sick and you're not going to cause them to recover. You're just submitting to what the word said. And the word says I can lay hands on the sick, pray over them, and if it's God's desire and perfect will for that person to be healed, they're going to get healed. Not because you believe it or don't believe it. It's because you believe God. They got to believe for the healing now. They've got to receive the faith. And if God wants to give it to them, he'll give it to them. Amen. Hallelujah. God started with man, has always dealt with the children of Israel, the families of the Old Testament through man. When you know when when we talk about father, we're here today. It's because it's Father's Day, we're talking about fathers. But understand this is God's way of doing things. We're looking at God's program. How it was that God dealt with the children of Israel. So you you go back into the Old Testament, God always dealt with the count of the families through what? The men. Through the men. Man, we know that that the woman must be a part of the whole earthly experience when we define man and woman. But in the beginning, it was not. So she was equal with Adam. She was absolutely Adam. He called their name Adam. But God had a plan and we're the ones that bring this whole plan back to what it's supposed to be from the beginning. And so the count of the families throughout the old, you know, testament was by the counting of men. The women and the children were under the leadership of the men, the fathers that were in the home who were named and counted. Even Jesus when he fed the 5000, read it, Matthew 14:21, "And they that had eaten were about 5,000 men beside the women and the children, resisting authority, not understanding how God has designed this whole plan of redemption. The problem today is that the churches are resisting. They're coming out with their own interpretation on the word. They want their own way of doing things and they're placing and resisting the word of God. But listen here. Let's go to the next uh slide in 2 Chronicles. For our fathers have trespassed and done that which was evil in the eyes of the Lord our God and have forsaken him. That's what that's what's going on out there. They're putting down a man's position. They're raising up. That's why women's liberation and everything else has become so strong and so powerful because they're trying to to weaken that position, that Godgiven position, not to raise up man, to make him a dictator over a woman and to make her his slave or anything like that. Get that all out of your head. We're talking about the plan of God and the way that God designed things to operate here on earth. The way of authority, he says, "They forsaken him and have turned away their faces from the habitation of the Lord and turned their backs. Also, they have shut up the doors of the porch and put out the lamps and have not burned incense, nor offered burnt offerings in the holy places unto the God of Israel. Wherefore the wrath of the Lord was upon Judah and Jerusalem, and he hath delivered them to trouble, to astonishment, and to hissing, as ye see with your eyes. For lo, our fathers have fallen by the sword. And notice, and our sons and our daughters and our wives are in captivity for this. The moment that they take away the proper position of a father in a family or a proper leader that is under the right authority in a country or in a nation, they put their families, their children, and their wives into captivity. Amen. That's why it's a mess. That's why the global economy and the and and the wars and and the problems that that exist is because they've they've taken out the proper positioning of God's authority on earth and they've resisted his authority. They've put it aside. And because of that, men's, women, and children are under captivity. We're going to look at a few statistics here. Listen to this. You can go to the next slide. A father's God-given authority. Listen, studies show a strong correlation between a father's faith and his children's church attendance. If a father regularly attends church, there's a high likelihood that his children will also attend as adults. And we're talking about a relationship with God here. And with studies indicating that 67% to 75% of such children will become churchgoers when their fathers go to church and have faith. Conversely, if a father does not attend church, only a small percentage of his children will become regular worshippers with some studies suggesting one in 50. I want you to pay attention here. This these are statistics. According to Lifeway Research, Father's Day is the holiday with the single lowest average church attendance. Pay attention. Statistically lower than Labor Day, Memorial Day, and even the 4th of July. This is interesting, especially when you consider that Mother's Day tends to be the day with the third highest church attendance after Easter and Christmas. So, Mother's Day is one of the most highly attended Sundays of the year and Father's Day is one of the lowest. What is that telling us? When both parents attend Bible study in addition to Sunday services, 72% of their children attend Sunday school when they grow up. When only the father attends Sunday school, 55% of the children attend. So when a husband and a wife both attend and they get into the study of the word and they they they have a desire for relationship with God, their their children, there's a 72% chance that their children will will will seek a relationship with God in some way, shape, or form. When only the mother attends Sunday school, 15% of the children attend when they grow up. It's a huge difference. Listen here. When neither parents attend Sunday school, only 6% of the children will eventually attend. Now, another survey found that if a child is the first person in the household to become a Christian, there's a 3 point there's a 3 to 5% probability that everyone else in the household will follow. You see the importance of a father and a mother in their proper position. If the mother is the first to become a Christian, there's a 17% chance that everyone else in the household will follow. But watch, listen to this. However, when the father is first, there is a 93% probability that everyone else will attend. That's huge. What is that telling us? God has anointed fathers. God has a purpose in fathers in their position when it comes to his plan. His purpose, his plan of redemption, his plan of salvation. Fathers, it's it's an attack what we see out there. Well, you know, that's why the the the the church attendance is is down so much is because they've they've broken the influence of a father. They're trying to break it in any way possible. Dads, let me encourage you with these words which Moses spoke when it comes to the word of God. He says here, "And these words," you can go to the to the next slide. He says here in Deuteronomy, "And these words that I've commanded you today shall be on your heart." In other words, you know, we need to understand that that it's important to teach these things to our children that you shall teach them diligently to your children and shall talk of them when you sit in your house, when you walk, by the way, when you lie down, when you rise. Uh you shall bind them as a sign on your hand, and they shall be as frontlets between your eyes. You shall write them on the doorpost of your house and on your gates. What's he saying here? He's saying you need to teach them the truth of my word and my plan and my purpose and how I've designed this world to to have its proper order and authority so that we can have a world where Christ can have preeminence in the lives of the people. Our next slide says a word in season is the ultimate authority. We need to understand the importance of the progression of the word. You see, we were very blessed that God allowed us to recognize that he sent a 20th century prophet. You can go back into the Old Testament and you will see every single one of those books. God dealt with the people and he would always do it through a prophet. And we were blessed to receive a word. And I want you to notice here the word that came through that vindicated prophet through Malachi 4:es 4-6. Now look in verse four, it says, "Remember ye the law of Moses, my servant." That that's what we just read. And he was telling them to teach these things to your children. Teach those things. Make sure that you you you constantly talk about it about me, about my my ways, and how I want to have the preeminence because I've got a plan for this earth. And there's one way that you're going to come back to me, and it's got to be through this redemptive plan. And here he says,"Remember ye the law of Moses, my servant, which I commanded unto him in Horeb for all of Israel with the statutes and judgments." And he says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." And I want you to notice what he says here. and he shall turn the heart of the fathers. God ordained it to be done through fathers. God has a reason why he wants it to be through fathers to turn the heart of the fathers to the children. A father once he's come into his rightful position and he has children, he's expressing the creative ability of God when he's bringing forth children. That's all a type of what God wanted to do from the very beginning. He wanted to have children so that he could have fellowship with those children. He could love those children. He could be with those children and have but the kind of fellowship that he had from the beginning there was no there was no like authority. There was no there was no authority. We were all equal. We were all attributes because we are actually God expressed in a different form. Thank you Jesus. But having the ability to know and understand that and when we come under that that authority of the law of God's way of of man having fellowship there's no jealousy. There's no hierarchy. There's no division. When we go back to our original position as attributes of God, there will be no no uh higher you're higher than me and I'm lower than you and no, we will be sons and daughters, attributes of God expressed in different forms, knowing one another and understanding one another that we are all a part of this universe of perfect intelligence known as Elohim, God here on earth he was expressed in a body and called his name Jesus but Jesus it's just a name but here on earth there's no other name whereby you must be redeemed back because he's like that code he's the missing code that without that code you can't reconnect back to your to your senses of who you actually are because your mind and his mind as the wife and as the husband And when they come together in this day and in this hour, remember Christ, the mystery of God was God reuniting himself with man, becoming one with man so that man could understand who he was and who God was as one supreme deity and being. Thank you. Only here we have authorities and and and and uh you know hire this and you know I'm a boss when I'm at work, right? You're a you're you're a boss when you're at work. You're you're a you're a an employee. You're you're you're a father when you're at home. You're a mother. You're you're a secretary. You're a you're a a machine operator. You're all those things. But you as an attribute of God once reunited with your your you're coming out of your amnesia and coming back to who you really are, you become God expressed as an attribute but with humility with love with a submission that goes beyond regular submission. Now you're now you're a different person. You're not you you don't have all of this pride and all of this, you know, that I'm I know more and I I understand more and all all these things. Amen. Praise God. A word in season. We want to thank God that the word was restored because without God sending that prophet to the Pentecostal age back in 1906 and and right up until 1965, we would not have understood God's supreme plan of redemption. We would not have understood what it was to have a real relationship. We would have been caught under these doctrines and under these denominational teachings and teachings of men and everything else. We don't follow William Brham and his teachings. We follow the one that he pointed us to. He pointed us to the word. And you can't have word without being word. You cannot connect with the word without being the word. This is something that that on that day you shall know. Amen. That I am in the father, ye in me, and I in you. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. You know, I've got another quote here. Brother Bam, talking about, you know, how the home is in crisis. You can barely find a Bible in a home anymore. You know, the world is in total chaos. This is back in 1950. You know, he's talking here back in 1958 talking about that, you know, you know, our Lord predicted such a time to come that there would be unrest among the nations. I was reading this quote and I said, "Wow." You know, I was just doing a search on on certain things, crisis in the home and stuff like that. And here and I was reading this and I said, "Wow, this is right now." And and you know, we've we're in we're we're among the nations perplexed of times, distress between nations. And when we've tried everything that's seemingly humanly possible to make it last just a little longer, but I believe that we're running out. I don't believe that there's anything else that we can do. We're just at the end. And if there was ever a time where family and and and disruption and and countries and and wars and all the things that we're at the end, they've tried dictators, it doesn't work. They've tried, you know, all different kinds of things. It's never going to work. It could be over in five minutes time that every nation would be laid to powder. You know that you know Israel attacking Iran strategically hitting all of their nuclear sites, taking out their nuclear scientists. They're strategically hitting these things. Netanyahu comes out and says it plainly. If we don't take these people out and get rid of this, these people are going to take nuclear power and they're going to try and destroy us. We know that these things, my God, we can see it's all lining up, saints. It's it's the world is in absolute and total chaos. But he says here, but a great crisis. He says, then also we have a home life crisis. It seems like that home life is running out into shallow water. Used to be in a home that the father was the head of the house would set down of a of a morning and he would speak with his family and they would all take out the old family Bible and just read it a little bit. You don't see that no more. And when the day was done and ma had the dishes washed, they'd all gather in. That's all gone aside. Why? Because they want to break the influence of a father. God has ordained fathers for a purpose. Next slide. We're going to wind it down here. In Joshua chapter 4, listen here. He says, "And Joshua said unto them, pass over before the ark of the Lord your God into the midst of Jordan, and take ye up every man of you a stone upon his shoulder, according unto the number of the tribes of the children of Israel." God was numbering his men. God was showing that he would place upon each and every one of those ordained for the time and for the season to be carriers of the word to be those that would have the word of God upon their shoulders. Stone means revelation means understanding of who and what it is that they that they're representing and who they represent as sons and daughters of God. and especially as a father, a man. And he says that this may be a sign among you that when your children ask their fathers, who was teaching them? Their fathers. I know a mother is listen a mother has a great position in the home and and she's absolutely in in second command when it comes to the the the leadership of that home and that family because she needs to understand the authority of God in the home. And when she does she places her husband in the position that he is responsible for that family. You're not doing it in a way like, well, you that's your problem. No, she understands his position and understands that when she submits to that position, God comes in and does everything needed in order to provide for that home and that family. It's God. Listen, he is the Lord God that provideth all of our needs. He provideth all of our needs. I am the Lord God that health all your disease. Not you deal. You don't heal anything. I the Lord do all these things. I have spoken it. I will perform it, sayeth the Lord. It's not about you doing anything but submitting to the authority of God's word. Hallelujah. And so this is what he was saying. Ask their fathers in time to come, saying, "What mean ye by these stones? What did this all represent? Why was it that you were given this responsibility from God to take on this this position in the body as a father because God has ordained it thus to make man be a father given the responsibility by God himself to the individual. Next slide. In Ephesians chapter 4, it says, "And ye fathers," doesn't say mothers, does it say mothers? No. It says, "And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. And if you go and you break that all down, bringing them up, it means teaching them. Who's the teacher in the house? The father, you know, I I I look back many years and I I realized that I missed I missed out in a lot of ways that I didn't, you know, I wasn't, you know, I was working so much. I got so caught up with the with business and everything else. And, you know, we could all look back and, you know, we'd be we'd be going to ball games. We'd be going golfing. we'd be going to to this and to that. You know that the average uh man only spends about 2 to three minutes a week one- on-one focused with his children because they're so busy with life and so busy with with making the money, so busy with their their hockey games. They spend about 17 hours a week watching TV, though. and can't even do five minutes with their children. No, but this is this is the world that we're in now. It's been designed entertainment and and and the way that that everything has been motivated for men and for women to get out of their rightful godly positions. And what who suffers? The children. There are more uh single children families than ever before and it only is only getting worse. And it's a proven fact that a woman that that is a single mother, the highest percentage of poverty is in that home where the father is missing and that woman, you know, is bringing up that child by herself. She's in a state of poverty on average. What is it? Fathers are missing. They're missing an action. They're getting caught up and distracted from their rightful positions. And that's why, you know, like, you know, I said, it's Father's Day. I'm not here to rebuke the fathers. So, don't get it wrong. You guys should be rejoicing to know that if you're a God called father, you've got an authority in your life that you can start from this day. If it's a little clearer for you today after hearing what you've heard that you've that you've been positioned because you're under the authority of God. You've been given an authority, then you should be a happy person to be able to walk out of here and and to know the things that you need to do as a father. Amen. to bring more more prosperity prosperity and peace and love and rest and take the pressure from your wives. Your wives should not be, you know, being given, well, they're your kids. You deal with them. No, they're your kids. And the scripture says, "Ye fathers," read the next scripture as we close here. He says here, he says in Colossians 3, "Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged." We got to know how to communicate with our children. We got to not be in a sergeant mode when we're at home. We all did it. We all blew up in that area. I think back at a lot of times where just just it was just all you know carnal had no clear revelation. I love the Lord but I still had no real you know clear revelation on my position as a father because I I failed in so many ways in those areas. I would say things that would pro that that would get them angry. That's not the way to deal with them. But when you do and you take you do you know why a father yells at their children. It's because they're not willing to take the time to sit down with them and talk to them for a while and explain to them. They want it to be done instantly. They want I told you not to do that. Get out. No. It's it's it's because we're we're living in a in a time where everything is instant. Everything's got to be in in, you know, like right now. And if you're not listening to me right now, you're going to get the belt right now. It's because we're not willing to take the time to communicate, to sit and spend real quality time with our children. I hope that you know that you you taking all of this in the right way. Fathers, listen. We listen, we we all made the boo boos. We all made the mistakes. But you know what? There's nothing wrong with sitting down with your children, even if they're adults, right now, and saying, "Hey. We made mistakes. We're human. We all make mistakes, but our intentions were right. Our intentions were always good. A real father, mother loves their children. There's no way you can separate." Listen, if you've got an understanding of God's love, you know there's nothing that can separate you from that love. And when a son or a daughter has an understanding of their father or mother's love, they know that that love, they could never be separated from that love. Regardless of how angry or how mad we get or how foolish sometimes and whatever it is, you cannot break that. If you have God's love, it only takes one to have it. Let's all stand. Let the musicians come. Happy Father's Day to all the fathers out there that have an understanding, that desire to be in line with God's interpretation of fatherhood. If you have that desire today, you've just stepped into a place where all things can change and all things are possible. You can have a new walk with God. You can have a new walk with your families, with your children, those that you love because you understand that you've come under authority to the supreme authority which is almighty God himself Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Let us pray. Father, thank you so much Lord. We can truly call you father, but in a way, Lord, that's so much greater in understanding, Lord. Like, we're it's like we're we're we're it's more than just you. You're you're our father. You're our partner. You're our we're one. We we've united by the word of God in this day and in this hour, Lord, in such a way that it brings us into such a fellowship of of divine love that that surpasses the understanding that we have as human beings. Lord, take us and move us and direct our lives in the way that you want us to go. Lord, so that we can so that we can uh just expand upon all of this and be better human beings, better fathers, better mothers, better children, better friends, better bosses, better workers in every way, shape, or form. Father, Lord, you know exactly where we're at. You know exactly who we are, where we are. Lord, have your way in our lives. We surrender ourselves to you, Father. I have a father. [Music] He [Music] And he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees here that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker. I have a maker. He fall [Music] and before even time began, my life was in his hand. Oh, thank you, Lord. Cuz he knows my name. He knows my everyone [Music] and hears me when I call. He knows my name. Oh yes. Cuz he knows my name. He knows my everywhere. [Music] He knows my name. Oh, he knows my name. He knows my every [Music] me and he me when I go and hear me when I Oh, we are children of the father. Oh, we are joined with the son. We are his kingom. We are family. We are We are one. We are children. We are children. [Music] We are joining with the sun. We are people of his kingom. We are we are we are wash. We are Jesus sanctified. [Music] We are by his blood. We are born of his. We are children of the Lord and we are his body. We are all [Music] of his holiness. We are season and we are longing for his coming. We are looking to the sky and we are [Music] we shall dwell with him. We shall shall rise. Oh, we shall reign. Oh, we shall reign forever. Angels shall receive [Music] to the king. We shall reign. We shall reign. Oh yeah. Forever. [Music] Oh sh [Music] to the [Music] king. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. How many enjoy the word today? Thank you, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Give us opportunity to reflect in our lives and see how we can be a better father. Amen. By his grace of God. Amen. Sasha, you have a couple Sunday school is going to come by and do something for us now. Okay, you can call them. Yeah. Amen. Hallelujah. I'm so glad we made Father's Day cards for Sunday school. I really want my dad to have the best Father's Day ever cuz he always gets me food and he's the best dad. I'm sorry, Peace. My father's the best. I don't know what you guys are talking about. My dad's definitely the best. Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, guys. So, you all think your father's the best? 100%. Why not have a friendly competition? Friendly? Friendly? Yes, friendly. How about this? We'll have three rounds of a dad joke competition. Josiah, do you know any dad jokes? Yes, I do. He my dad, he always makes us laugh. That's why he's the best dad. Okay. Peace. How about we get you started? Okay. I have the best dad jokes ever. What do What do What kind of shoes do frogs wear? I don't know. Anyone? Nope. Hold on. Open toed sandals. Get it? Open toed. No. Okay. Okay. Wow. What a real knee slabber. Who was the best babysitter in the Bible? I don't know. David, he rocked Goliath to sleep. Well, that's a good one. Josiah, what car did Jesus drive? A Chrysler. Who was the best comedian in the Bible? I don't know. Samson, you brought the house down. Classic. That concludes round one. Round two. Peace. Okay, this one. This one's better. I promise. I promise. Okay. What did one slice of bread say to the other one before the race? You look tasty. No, you're toast. It was funnier in my head, I promise. Wow. Oh, sad. Um, why wouldn't Pharaoh let the Hebrews go? Why not? I don't know. No idea. Because he was in denial. Oh, nice. What disciple was the best at math? Matthew. Oh, I thought it was John. How did you know that Peter was a rich fisherman? By his net income. A well, a finance joke. How clever. Okay, round three. Okay, I promise. I promise. I promise this one is better. Okay, I had a really peaceful game of tennis today. There was no racket. Guys, just pretend to laugh. It was funny in my head. It was good. It was amazing. So, who had the best story in the Bible? No idea. Uh, Noah. He had the greatest arc. Wow. Amazing. Guys, we have Mine was funnier, right? No, I'm not so sure about that. I tried. Josiah, if Mary was the mother of Jesus and Jesus was the lamb of God, does that mean Mary had a little lamb? Wow. Abraham, what did brother Brandham catch when he went fishing? What? No idea. Seven seals. Okay, that was good. Yeah. Wow. To choose its winner after all those amazing dad jokes. I tried. Well, my mom always told me that fathers are representatives of of God in their own homes. So, I think that all of you did an amazing jobs to and I'm glad that your father can represent God and show his love to you guys in your home. You all win. Y it's okay. Really wanted to win. It's okay. You get prize. I'll give you prize. Well, God bless you all and happy happy father's day. It's okay. Better try. Okay, that was good. Let's sing a song here. Give me G. God's attributes was manifested in his bride this last day. We have got the revelation by the last prophet message. And we know who we are. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord for the original. The original the original seal is what I believe. See our name the original the original se. Oh we are called to adoption full of glory we can join us for [Music] our world. Glory hallelujah to our God. There is no original. The original is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The son of the sea is unveiled. The original the original. The original love, the original sea, the original word is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. His ser is unveiled. The original man, the original. At this time, I know the Sunday school has a video, a short video to watch in um lifting. He lifts weights. Okay. Protecting me. He is really kind and he also helps me a lot. He also you he also he also protects me. My dad super power is the power of kindness and never for giving up never giving up kindness and nice and being nice. technology. I guess he is he's a builder and he is the and he made a company and the company he made is a builder's job was the one I was talking about before. I said he made a company build cupboards. He works in the office. Whenever I pretend to laugh, but he asks me like to laugh, then I laugh and then he starts laughing. When we tell him jokes that make him laugh, he plays with me. What else? Um, he makes me and my sister laugh. He makes us uh watch movies. He he he he provides he he give us food and and he bought he bought the house that we that we need. He is patient. He is nice. He is kind. And and if I had enough and if I could pick all the dads in the verbal every single person, I would pick the dad I have right now. I would give him something that he always wanted. What is it? I don't know. But if I find out and I would give it to him if I can. I I think I'll buy him a like a a brand new house and and I and also a Jeep. My family always use having a Jeep. Whoa. A hammer. I mean, it depends. Like, if I grow up and have all the money I want, I could buy him a house, play with him. When I went to Florida, then we took pictures to hang out. My favorite thing is to have fun with him. You have to be sp smart one day a lot. Can you show us? Let's just give them a round of applause. I think he loved me a lot. And he probably does 100%. He draws like this. He bring me the water. Yes. Also sometimes he he tries his front hand. Well, I'm just going to show him iron. Oh, I don't really know how many does it, but I'm just going to put it this way. Okay, try it. Let's give them a round of applause. That was amazing. A prayer for fathers. Dear father in heaven, we thank you for all the fathers here who were here on earth and now are in heaven with you. Please keep their family in your arms and hold them tight when they miss their dads. They know that he's with you and that he and that he sees them. Comfort them in times of need. When in need of their father on earth, give them their father in heaven. Lord, for their father is still on earth. I pray for wisdom, strength, and your love to shine through them so their kids are inspired by their dads. Let them show dedication as a loving father. So God, please allow the fathers in heaven to be remembered through their children in their faces, their character reflecting the mark their fathers left behind. Lord, give all dads the encouragement to love like you, to care and protect as to protect their own as you care and protect for them. In Jesus name, Christ in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Um, we would like to call up brother Danny. Please thank brother Danny for representing God's fatherhood. On the on the behalf of our Sunday school, we give you this token of love and appreciation. May God richly bless you. Amen. Let's give them another hand round of applause. Amen. Let's be seated. Could you put up for me, Father in heaven, how we love you. Amen. [Music] Father in heaven, how we love you. We lift your name in all the earth. May your kingom be establishing our praises as your people declare your mighty words. Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who was and is God. Blessed be God Almighty. Praise forever more. Oh fire of mercy be exalted. [Music] May Jesus name be lifted high. For the sacrifice of love has won my pardon and his resurrection power gives me life. Blessed be the Lord God might [Music] bless you [Music] almighty. [Music] Blessed be the Lord God Almighty who is blessed [Music] God Almighty forever. Hallelujah. Happy Father's Day to each and every one of you. Amen. Have a wonderful afternoon with your families. Amen. Hallelujah. If the same spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you, dwells in you. The same spirit that Christ from the dead in you in you [Music] see in You [Music] give us [Music] dwells in you. [Music] The spirit that raised Christ from the dead in you. It dwells in you. Spirit that raised Christ from the dead. You [Music] will [Music] in the spirit dwell in you. [Music] The spirit dwells in you.
