################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-07 - The Trail Of The Serpent In Connection To The Fall Of Man - Minister Emmanuel Tombe - Emmanuel Tombe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-07
Title:    The Trail Of The Serpent In Connection To The Fall Of Man - Minister Emmanuel Tombe
Speaker:  Emmanuel Tombe
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VK6yq1_zQz4
========================================

Description:
Minister Emmanuel Tombe
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
free and let me see. I feel from this day by I [Music] Lord let my on higher ground on We are praying you something in every day still pray I'm on one Lord on higher. [Music] Oh, lift me up and let me stand my feet on [Applause] [Music] a higher place that I have found. Love and my on higher. My heart has no desire to stay where doubts arise and fears dismay [Music] my name is higher. [Music] Lord, lift me up and let me stand on it. Stay a higher place that I have found. Lord, let my on higher. I want to see the utmost high and catch a gl of his glory. But still I'll pray till heaven fall. Lord lead me up to higher. Oh Lord, lift me up and let me stand my feet on him. Unstable land a praise that I have found. Lord my higher. Lord lift me up. Lord, lift me up and let me stand my feet on him. But they land on higher place that I have. Lord, plant my on higher. Hallelujah. How many desire to be so higher tonight? Amen. But so above anything that will try to hinder us from fulfilling God's promises for our lives. Welcome into the house of the Lord. We're so happy to be in his presence. See, where twos and trees are gathered, he's here in the midst. Amen. into my chamber. Sweet Holy Spirit, speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly lover, let thy presence cover on me is all I long for. Go into my chamber. Set me free. Holy Spirit, you speak to me gently as I close. [Music] Heavenly lover, let your presence cover. The kind on all I long for. Oh sh all I need is all I long for. You deserve the glory. I need to Lord. I lift my eyes. Is that Jesus? Beies of the glory. I glory. Lift our hands in worship. Praise you for you are great. You do miracles so there is no one else like you. There is no one else because you are great. You do miracles so great. Yes, Lord. There is no one else like you. There is more [Music] of the glories of the glory. I want you to see and Lord we lift our eyes in worship. Raise your hands. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, we lift our hands in worship. Glory. Lift our hands in praise cuz you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. No one else like you. No one else like you. Cuz you are great. You do miracles. There is no one else like you. No one else like you. Oh, just know. I give you all the glory. Oh, I give you all the glory. I give you all the honor. I give you all the praises. For you are worthy. Let's sing to it. Oh, I give you all the glory. I give you all the honor. I give you all the praises. For you are one more time all praise. I give you all the glory. I give you all the honor. I give you all the praises for you are worthy. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. Oh, there is no one else like you. Cuz you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Let's bow our eyes before the Lord. Beloved Jesus, what a song, Lord, to declare your glory. Lord, you're awesome in our hearts. Lord, we sing because, oh God, that there's a joy that you've placed in our hearts, Lord, that we could sing. Each and every one of us have a testimony, Lord, that we could say that you deserve the glory and the honor, Lord. Each and every one of us, you've done something for us, Lord. Most of us could identify one thing that you have called us unto adoption and full authority in this hour. And that is a great thing, Lord. So we thank you, Lord, Father, in spite of everything, oh God, that you've done for us, Lord, and you still doing for us, Lord Jesus. And we are so grateful to know a God like you. We thank you, Lord. We give you honor. We give you praise tonight, Lord. We come into your house because there's a desire, Lord, for us to become more and more like you, Lord, to shake off anything that is not of you, Father. So may you come and speak to our hearts tonight, Lord. May you speak something into our in our DNA, Lord, tonight, Lord, that we can leave here a better people, Father. That's our desire, Lord. Not to hear a good sermon, not to come and hear a good song, Lord, but to for it to manifest our life, Lord Jesus. That's our desire, Lord Jesus, to shake off anything that is not of you, Father. Lord, as your brother would come and speak, Lord, let you move him out of the way and just speak through him tonight. Lord, may you get all the praise and all the glory when it's all said and done, Lord. Those that was not able to make it in tonight at home streaming, oh God, may you go to their homes, Lord, through the channels, Lord, and may they feel your presence, Lord. They didn't hear a word from you tonight, Lord. Speak to each and every one of us. That's our desire tonight. We give you thanks. We give you praise. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Father. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. here to sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory, let me beneath my voice. Cares on pass. Oh my love to rejoice. As I journey true, singing as I go, pointed souls to Calary to the gra. Many arrows kiss my soul from way without my Lord be on you. Oh, I want to see my love upon his face to sing forever of his saving grace. Hallelujah. on the streams of glory. Let me lift my voice and hear so much. Oh my last to rejoice and wait in service for my Lord that may be [Music] more close to me. He will give me life. I see that snares defects my soul. Turn my torch the sun. But my Lord knows whatever I want to sing upon his face here to sing forever of his saving. Halleluah. on the streets of glory. and be my [Music] so my last [Music] savior in the fire with A tender hand I'll stretch toward the valley. He's hiding me. I can see onward as I go. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face here to sing forever of receiving praise. Hallelujah. On the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Oh my. Oh, I want I want to see I look up [Music] there to sing forever. I receive grace on your streets of glory. in Bel. [Music] Oh my last to rejoice. One more time. Oh, I want to see [Music] upon his face to see for all his saving grace. on the streets of glory and be lifted. [Music] Oh my lust ever to rejoice. Amen. Let's sing that song. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Amen. How many happy tonight to be in the house of the Lord? Hallelujah. I'm so glad Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus set me free. Happy Jesus. [Music] Jesus set me free. I'm singing glory. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus set me free. I'm on my way to heaven. On my way to heaven and shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven for shouting victory. Hallelujah. Heaven I'm shouting victory. singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. Some of you are singing like Jesus hasn't set you free. So, we're going to try it again. I want us together. Let's clap our hands. We've come to church to have a good time. Amen. I know we go through battles, but when we come to the house of the Lord, we come to give God praise. We come to show the devil whose side we're on. So, we're going to sing one more time. Jesus set me free. Let's clap our hands. Rejoice. And you body, whatever you tell yourself, that's what your body will do. Hallelujah. So, we're going to try that one more time. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. And we're going to clap our hands and show the devil whose side we're on tonight. Praise God. Oh, I'm so glad. Hallelujah. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Hallelujah. I'm grateful to be a Christian. And I trust that if you have given your life to the Lord that your experience serving the Lord is not boring, but it's a joy. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So, I just want to say thank you musicians. How many appreciate our musicians? Let's give them a hand. Amen. I thank God for his mercy and goodness tonight. And um how many believe that Jesus is real? &gt;&gt; I mean real like he's real to you. Not just because I ask you, but you know that he is real to you. And I trust that somehow if you haven't come to that place where God is real to you, that he will reveal himself to you because religion is not boring. It's a joy to serve the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You have some needs on your hearts tonight, just raise your hand. And uh we're going to go to the Lord in prayer before we go into the message tonight. Thank you, Lord. Heavenly Father, we're grateful to be in your house today. Lord, we are here because of you, not because we've come to see each other. Lord, there could be better places, Lord, we could be tonight. But you told us in your word, forsake not the assembling of yourselves, Lord. Even as we see the the days becoming more evil and the world becoming cold, religion, oh God is just something the people are wearing nowadays, Lord. But father, we want to be fire brands for Jesus. We want to show Satan whose side we are on, Lord. Not because of our own will, but because you have called us in this hour, Lord, to represent you as sons and daughters of God. Tonight, oh God, I rebuke every cold spirit, Lord. Every spirit of the enemy, Lord God, that may try to bind your people, oh God, we subdue every demonic attack in the name of Jesus. Because Lord, we have come to the house of God. The Bible says that the joy of the Lord is my strength. &gt;&gt; So we thank you, Father, tonight. We've come here, Lord God, not to to to just fill the pews, but Lord, to show that we are here to worship the King of Kings &gt;&gt; and the Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; Speak to our hearts tonight, Lord. Touch those who are sick. Brother Bill, oh God, who wasn't feeling well today, oh God. Lord, we trust that the prayers that have gone up, Lord, they have reached you and somehow, oh, Father, the answer has already come. Strengthen your people. Speak to us tonight. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. So before we um sit down, I just want us to read uh two scriptures. The first one we are going to read while you're standing and then I'll ask you to be seated. Uh we're going to turn to Isaiah chapter 14 uh verse 12- 17. And uh before I read the scripture, I just want to read this quote I came across the other day and it really blessed me. It's not a quote of the prophet. It's just a quotation. The author is anonymous. But he says this, God didn't call you to be light. He called you to be light. And light by its very nature makes darkness uncomfortable. And so tonight, by the grace of God, by the help of the spirit of God, we trust that we can expose the enemy that often times comes in a very cunning way to take victory away from God's people. And I believe as the Bible says that Jesus, the Bible says that the life that was in him was the life of men. And so if the Holy Spirit has come into your life, if the Holy Spirit is here, surely we should be the most happy people because we are not walking in darkness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So we're going to read Isaiah 14 and then uh verse 12-1 17. Then you'll have your seats and then we shall proceed from there. Amen. It says, "How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning, how art thou cut down to the ground, which did weaken the nations? For thou has said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. I want you to pay attention to the conceited nature of this fellow. Basically conceited means to be excessively proud of oneself. Everything is about me, myself and I. And this is the nature of the enemy that we are fighting. I like to call it the trinity of self. Amen. Then verse 15, yet thou shalt be cast down to hell to the sides of the pit. They that see thee thee shall narrowly look upon thee and consider thee, saying, Is this the man that made the earth to tremble? That did shake kingdoms, that made the world as a wilderness and destroy the cities thereof, that open not the house of his prisoners? You may have your seats. God bless you. Amen. So for our subject tonight, I want to speak on the trail of the serpent in connection to the fall of men. The trail of the serpent in connection to the fall of men. As I was preparing this message and whatever the Lord put on my heart, I not sure if I'll finish this, but if I don't, God willing, another time maybe we'll finish it, but I'll just do my best to depend on the leading of the spirit. Amen. How many believe in the leading of the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we're going to look at this quotation by the prophet in the message Satan's Eden preached in 1965. The prophet says, "It's been and now is Satan is establishing his kingdom in the earth." That's exactly why he's doing it. for he wants to establish his own kingdom. As a businessman, that's not a Christian. He will work every scheme he can to make you see something the wrong way. If he's got a purpose and a personal gain in making you do it, making you see it that way, he will show you everything he can and keep you from the truth of it because he's got a feeling only for himself. Very selfish fellow. no matter how much he lies and cheats and whatever more he's got personal gain. So I want to lay that foundation because that's what we're going to build on so that we understand the nature of our enemy. Now, from what we've read, of course, without going into much detail, and I believe that, you know, you're students of the Bible, that you read your messages, and so some things I'll skim through really quickly, but we know that Satan's ultimate goal has always been one thing, and that is to steal worship away from God. That's it. We know that that was the very thing that was in his heart when iniquity was found. It was because he wanted to exalt himself above the most high God. And I have news for you tonight that he has not changed his plans one way. I mean in any way, shape or form. That desire is still at the core of his heart. And so we're going to see how this wicked enemy of ours has trailed himself through the the ages from the very time that the war was fought in heaven. How till today this enemy is still fighting for the same thing. Hallelujah. And so the second scripture I want to read is in 2 Thessalonians chapter 2 verse 3 and 4. If you can just put it up for me please. It says, "Let no man," this is Paul speaking now. He says, "Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first. and that man of sin be revealed the son of pedition. Now the prophet said that this is the devil himself, Satan himself. Verse four, who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that is called God, all that is worshiped. that he as God setth in the temple of God showing himself that he is God. Brother Brham said that this was the pope in the stage where Satan had now come become fully incarnate in a man. And you can see that the same way God has always been trying to come down from the great eternal spirit to eventually dwell in human beings like us and in his son the Lord Jesus Christ God made flesh whereby he was worshiped as God in a man. How many know that Jesus was worshiped? Don't be afraid to say amen. Amen. Jesus was worshiped and not one time did he refuse to be worshiped because he was God made flesh. &gt;&gt; Now we are not God made flesh. Of course we have the spirit of God in measure. The word is of course dwells in us. The spirit but you can't worship me. I can't worship you even though you have the Holy Ghost. But the fullness of God dwells in Christ Jesus. And you find that Satan has been trying to peril the exact same thing that God was doing. And eventually in this scripture we've just read, he achieves that purpose whereby he's incarnate in a man and worshiped as God. Hallelujah. So what is the temple of God that we've just read here in verse four? Let the scriptures answer it because we don't want ideas of men. We want the scriptures to speak. So 1 Corinthians 3:17 says, "If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are." Then sec 1 Corinthians 6:9 it says what know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost which is in you which ye which ye have of God and ye are not your own. So this bodies that we that God created God's purpose was to dwell in man. And now Satan being a perverted that he is, he does the exact same thing that God was trying to do and becomes incarnate in a man so that he can be worshiped as God in a man. Let's see what the prophet said about that in the message, the God of this evil age. He says, notice what this fellow will do. Now he's referring to the scripture we just read. 2 Thessalonians 2. This fellow, he was set in the temple of God. That is the church revealing himself to be God. The church. He's not talking about the bride. He's talking about the Roman Catholic Church. the number one enemy to God, the number one enemy to Christianity. Never forget that Satan has had the greatest success through religion. Forget about what you see out in the world or you might see, you know, the rock and roll parties and uh rappers and all these things. Those are just sideshows. But Satan has always had his greatest success through religion. And that's where we are supposed to keep our eyes. Hallelujah. So man was created to be the temple of God. And this is exactly where Satan had his success when he eventually will become incarnate in a man called the pope. I know this is this this is not uh easy things to say in public, but it's the truth. We know that some of these things could cost us our lives speaking like what I'm speaking tonight. But we must be able to speak truth as the Bible speaks. The problem with too many of us, we are afraid to take a stand for God. &gt;&gt; We are ashamed of our testimony. Somebody ask you, are you a Christian? Well, you know, I go to church. Going to church doesn't make you a Christian. Hallelujah. You've got to be able to identify to be identified with Christ in the way you live, in your conduct. Everything about you should speak of your testimony. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Praise God. So in any kind of warfare, you've got to know who your enemy is. And the problem with a lot of us, myself included, is we forget many times who our enemy is. Brother Brham says people don't believe in demons in this day, but the thing to do to my opinion is to know your enemy because you are going to meet him. Hallelujah. We are living in the most treacherous time, the worst age of all ages, but yet is the most glorious age of all ages. Why? Because God has come down. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. He has come down in the form of the Holy Spirit. He has sent us Malachi 4. And as brother Arab says, we have the answer to the devil's question. This message is not just to make us bigheaded and say that we have the truth. God came to give us a message so that we can know how to fight skillfully. Amen. So, we've got the greatest thing in our hands. But I'm convinced that too many of us we are just playing with it. We let the messages sit on our shelves, accumulate digital dust. We don't read, we don't pray, but we're just content with coming to church. Coming to church alone will not save you. Hallelujah. You've got to come to a place where you know God for yourself. &gt;&gt; Praise God. I often say, and I tell this to my family, my kids. I said, "It doesn't matter how much your dad or your mom are Christians. Young people, listen to me in the name of the Lord. You have to meet God yourself. You God has no grandchildren." Hallelujah. You've got to come to a place where you know God for yourself. &gt;&gt; Praise God. So, we have an enemy who is very cunning. Sorry. And he's determined to kill you, to steal, to destroy you. He is not playing games. The Bible says he came to kill, to steal, and to destroy. So he means business. &gt;&gt; So we also must mean business with God. &gt;&gt; Every day that we wake up, think about it in this sense. God gives you a day to live. For example, today develop the mindset that Lord, you've given me another day. Help me to be my best for you. Amen. Because the enemy every single day, he wakes up with a determination that he's either going to kill you, to steal from you, and to destroy you. &gt;&gt; So, we are in the business of souls. Amen. We're in the business of fighting for souls. And I don't come here tonight to try and say things to please you because I'm responsible for what I say. Every minister that comes behind this desk is responsible for what they say. So let's go now a bit deeper and break into this wicked person that we're dealing with. And I first want to go back and see how this battle began. And in order to understand this, we need to understand how the angels actually fell to bring us to where today we are today. Amen. I'm going to say some things tonight which might seem a bit deep and mysterious to you, but I want to keep it as simple as I can because I believe God is simple. And brother Brana makes this statement. He says you have to depend on the Holy Spirit because this Bible is wrought in riddles. You can't just sit down and read it like a newspaper. Is that right? He says it's hid. Yes, sir. You would how would you ever justify God when he told Moses up there said now don't you make any engraven images that was in his commandments don't you make anything like heaven or angel or anything else don't make any graven images and yet on the same day told him to mold two angels out of brass and put them right at the mercy seat where mercy is at. Then the prophet says you have to know God and his nature. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So we want to understand the nature of God and we want to understand the nature of Satan. So I believe that prior to Genesis 1:1, God had already created the angels and was in existence existing with them in another dimension. Amen. Genesis 1 26 says this. I'm going to try and prove what I'm saying by the scriptures. And God said, "Let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion over the fish, sorry, over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and so so on and so on. Now we all know that when God was speaking here, the image that he's referring to is not this here. This is not the image of man or image of God. Sorry. This is fashion after animals. Brother Bernham says we have feet like a bear and hands like monkeys and so forth. But the image that God was talking about is spirit. God is a spirit. Amen. Adam was first made a spirit man and then eventually God made a body and put him in that body. So let's follow that thought very closely. Now hear what the prophet said. Now what I'm going to say here has been something controversial. I've heard all kinds of interpretations and to be honest I was off too until I came across this. And I thank God that when God's prophet speaks, we drop our ideas because this is God's mouthpiece to us. If my ideas or another preacher's ideas are contrary to what the prophet said, we leave that aside and take what he said. Secondly, it needs to line up with the Bible. We can't just take a quote and run off with it because the Bible and what the prophet said are not two separate things. They are the same self thing. So let's hear what this let us really means here. What the prophet said in the message five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. Now, some of you want to know about my Genesis story. I like that. God said, "Let us make man." Pay attention to that. Now listen. The first thing he created was angels &gt;&gt; to worship him. Then he became God. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the first thing that he created was what? angels. Then he became God because they could not worship him. I believe this event happened before Genesis 1:1. A super sign preached 1959. Hear closely what the prophet said. Watch God in his ways of work. When he created the heavens and the earth, he called the angels together and he said, "Let us." So, you understand who God is speaking to now? Because angels are spirit beings, ministering spirits. And I believe that they were in the same image of God. The same thing that he's telling he's speaking of in Genesis 1:26. Let us make man in our image. Now, this is not to say that God was saying I and the angels are going to create. Basically, all he's saying is that we are I'm going to create, but the the the man that I'm going to make is going to be in our image. So, he's speaking to angels. This proves that before anything was created, angels were in existence. Hallelujah. That's scripture. According to what the prophet is saying here, let us according to brother Brham, God was talking to angels. Why? Because God and his angels, they bore the same image of spirit beings. Now, this proves that angels were already existence like like I said, they were already in existence before Genesis 1:1. Amen. So, we're going to trail the enemy. You know, just like a hunter when they go hunting, they start to look for the tracks of the animal. Let's say you're looking for a bear. You look carefully. And once you find the tracks, you follow those tracks. So, we're going to see how this enemy here has been working his way through humanity. And we're going to see by the grace of God that Satan is very very cunning. If he can hide himself, he will do anything to disguise himself so long as you fail to see who he is. So in this case, we're going to look at Genesis 1. So day one, God created light and saw the light that it was good. Good. There was no evil present. I'll skip day two. Day three, God created dry grounds and the plants and saw that it was good. So far, no evil is present. Day four, God created the sun, the moon, and the stars and saw that it was good. There's no evil mentioned so far. Are you with me? Day five, God created the birds and the sea and saw that it was good. So far no evil. Day six, God created the land, the animals, sorry, the land, animals, and humans. And behold, it was very, very good. Still nothing about evil is mentioned. Then we come to day seven, which is the Sabbath. God rested and still the Bible does not mention anything about evil being present. Are you following me now? And for the first time after creation was completed, suddenly we see the word evil appearing in Genesis 2:9 and 17. So if I can bring it to our way of thinking, we found the first animal track. Now we're going to follow this. So the first time the word evil is mentioned in Genesis chapter 2 verse 9 and verse 17. God begins to warn Adam of an impending evil. Hallelujah. Something has happened in the Garden of Eden or in Genesis. At this point, the woman was still in Adam. And the scripture I'm referring to is Genesis 21:17. I'll read it very quickly. He says, "But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." So the first time now God is mentioning evil. So that means something has happened. Hallelujah. Because as far as we know, everything was good. Everything was good. Everything was good. Day seven, everything was good. And then suddenly when man was created and put in a body flesh, God says, "Adam, be careful. Be careful." So by now, Adam was no longer just a spirit being, but he had actually taken on flesh. And watch carefully. The prophet said that Satan can do nothing until he embodies himself in in inner being. Is that right? He's powerless until he has a vessel to walk through. So you can see how it's playing out slowly, slowly. Because now here's a man. Of course, the woman is not here yet, but we will follow the trail. I'm going to read this quote which I refer to very quickly. Brother Bernham said that the man was made after the image, sorry, this human man here is made after the image of an animal. This here, this human bodies are made in the image of animals, not in the image of God. That's why it's lazy. It lies. It cheats. When it's time to pray, you want to sleep in. It's is it's it's a fallen it's not the image of God. That's all I'm trying to say. We got hands like a monkey and feet like bears. So, this has nothing to do with God. That's why the Bible says that they that worship God must worship him in spirit and in truth. Amen. Praise God. The prophet says, "And you take the Holy Spirit off of a man, he's lower than the animals. He's worse than an animal." You know that? Praise God. So, by God warning Adam of this impending evil, so sin was somewhere on the earth. Otherwise, I don't believe God would waste his time trying to warn him if something had not happened. I believe that the battle in heaven had already taken place and Satan had already been cast down on the earth. Because the Bible does not tell us anywhere specifically when that battle took place. But we know according to what I'm going to read here that sin did not begin on the earth. It started in heaven. The prophet said that in the message that day on Calvary and sin did not start on the earth. Sin started in heaven. Lucifer the devil was condemned was a condemned creature for his disobedience before he ever struck the earth where God put the angels and so forth upon the basis that he put human beings on knowledge. the tree of knowledge, the tree of life, and the tree of knowledge. Sorry, where man could make his choice. The pastor referred to that on Sunday. Basically, angels were placed on a free moral agency. They had a right to choose just like you and I. You have a right to choose. They had that right. Amen. And when Lucifer was given the preeminence to make his choice, he wanted something better than God. And that's what started the trouble. And as we know, the Bible says the soul that sinnth, that soul shall surely die. God declared it. And the prophet said that there will come a time where the the soul of Satan will be completely and totally annihilated because the soul that sinnth, it shall surely die. Praise God. And the prophet says this, "And when sin struck the earth back in the beginning like a sheet of blackness falling from the heavens, it literally paralyzed the earth. It throwed every creature on the earth and all of God's creation into bondage." And that's what we have been fighting till today. So the sin that began in heaven paralyzed every creature on the earth and you know it. We fight sin every single day of our lives. From the moment you walk out of this church tomorrow go on the streets in the mall before your very eyes is sin on display. We can't pretend that it does not exist. So I want to pivot a little bit and bring all this home to where we live because what's the use of preaching a gospel that does not affect our daily lives? I believe that the gospel is not meant to just remain in our heads intellectually. God sends us a message to transform our lives. to make us better people. So I'm going to go into some details which I know you've heard and this is now in Genesis 3 where the fall actually took place. Many of you know from what you've heard that man mankind fell as a result of the woman I'll make it very plain. She had sex with the serpent. Now, the serpent, as we know, wasn't a snake at the time. What we see as snakes, it was an upright being, a man between what the prophet says, a cheap sea, and a man. That missing link is what was turned into a serpent. He was so close. The prophet said that he actually had a place for a soul. And so, Satan knowing and watching God's plan, like I was saying, watching how God was playing out his program. He was watching it very closely. And the best thing that he could use was to come into the serpent. This was a being that had the ability to reason, to think, to talk. And when the prophet was challenged about the serpent's seed and he said when you know he said that uh you know the serpent is what beguiled Eve somebody challenged him and says well if it was there in existence it's got to be here somewhere and under inspiration he spoke without even knowing and said it's here the serpent because he was completely cursed God changed every fiber of his being and turned him into what we called snakes today. But that's not what he was in the beginning. He was highly intellectual, polished. The prophet said in the God of this evil age, now he's explaining what happened in Genesis 3, but he had a sexual affair with the p sorry, but she sorry, but she had a sexual affair with the person of Satan in the form of the beast. Not a reptile but the smartest subtlest of all the field the image of man. I want you to follow that thought closely because man plays a role in this. The only thing that the seed would mix in. Now science is trying to find him and they never will find him because every bone in his body is completely changed. That was the kind of a curse that God placed on this fellow. But the Bible declares it to be so. Amen. I'm going to skip some quotes just for the sake of time. And so when Satan did this wicked act, for the first time, Satan officially put his footprints into the human race. That goes for every one of us. Whether you're born in a Christian home, born in an uncristian or an unbeliever's home, you are we are all born in sin. We come as liars, as cheats, rebellious. That is the nature that we are born with because Satan somehow was able to input his imprint into humanity. And that's why I strongly believe that when it comes to the Holy Ghost and being born again, that is the core of what God is dealing with is that nature, not the head. Hallelujah. You can never be converted by just intellectual knowledge. God is dealing with our fallen nature because that is where Satan put his imprint. Hallelujah. And so if that was the case in the beginning, it has not changed today. So the subject of the new birth has everything to do with that fallen nature of men. And that's why we cannot intellectually accept this message. It's got to come from here into here. Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, you cannot even see the kingdom of God, let alone understand." Hallelujah. So you find things like lust, people steal, they cheat, they hate. All these things are embedded in our nature. You know, I like to put it this way. From the time that that baby is born, they issue what we call a birth I'll call it a birth diploma, a birth certificate. And we look at that child or they look so cute and wonderful. But do you realize that in that little baby is every potential to be good and to be bad? a rapist, a murderer, a thief. All those attributes are in that little baby. I'm not saying every child is born like that. But even little Judas, he was born a cute little baby and yet he was the son of Pician. Those attributes came in. Amen. So when we are issued our birth certificate as beautiful as it is just know that in that little baby is evil because Satan did what he had to do in the beginning and he achieved his purpose. You know just like when you go to buy a car salesman are very good because they want to make money. You go, you look, you go to, you know, a dealership and you look around, you say, "Well, I like this vehicle and you start to ask questions and they tell you, well, it's fully loaded. It has everything." That's exactly the way we are. We come fully loaded with all this evil in us completely. You don't have to teach your child how to tell lies. At the age of two, three, two, three years old, you find them doing things which you wonder how in the world did they learn that telling lies, cheating and stealing and all that. It comes with a package. It's fully loaded. So you see where God is is is what God is dealing with and where the enemy is working through. It's not the head, it's that nature. Amen. And if sin came as a result of our fallen nature, that's why I don't believe for one moment in the idea that when you just believe the message that that is the evidence of the Holy Ghost. I believe that's that's one of the biggest lies from the very pits of hell because the Bible tells us that even Satan himself he believes and he trembles in James chapter 2 19. And to follow this thought look at Paul the apostle he asked that question in Acts 19:2. Apollos who was preaching the gospel very eloquent well-versed in the message of the hour for his day. He preached it precisely no errors in his message. But yet Paul came to him and said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" If that question was relevant then, I believe it's still relevant today. I know it's not popular. It's not popular to ask that question. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you became a message believer? Because that's exactly what Apollos was. And the answer is either a yes or a no. You cannot be neutral. A pregnant woman when she's pregnant and she's growing in, you know, going through the stages, the months and whatnot, at some point either baby Johnny comes or he doesn't. Is that right? It's the same thing with a new birth. You either are born of born again by the spirit of God or you're not. And if you're not born again to God, you don't exist. Praise God. Let's look at Peter real quick. You're familiar with this that question that was asked. Jesus asked the question, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am?" And I like the way this scripture plays out. And they said, "Some say that thou are John the Baptist." Some some say some Elias, others Jeremiah's or one of the prophets, you talk about shooting in the dark. But I like the way Jesus really narrowed it down and said, "But he said unto them, but whom say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And then Jesus, watch his response. He says, "Flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven." And not too long after this, the same Peter who by the spirit of God declared who Jesus was is found cursing and denying the very man that he claimed to have known. So if just knowledge or even having a revelation you think is enough to save you. Well, here is Peter a good example that intellectual conceptions cannot hold when the time of testing comes. And I speak in the name of the Lord the time is coming where every one of us God is going to prove our claims. Hallelujah. Because later on Jesus said, Jesus telling Peter, "And when thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren." &gt;&gt; So Jesus knew that in spite of his revelation of who he was, he still was not converted. You know, I often say this, you cannot give what you don't have and you cannot teach what you don't know. Is that right? I'll say that again. You can't give what you don't have and you can't teach what you don't know. Because after Pentecost, we find Peter now after the experience of the Holy Ghost. He missed a situation where now his faith is going to be tested and proven. And here was a man in that condition, lame, needy, seeking for help. Just like some of us, people will come to you seeking for genuine help. Just like the disciples whom they you know that father brought his son to and they could not do anything for him. Later on they asked Jesus says why couldn't we cast him out. He says you you know you have little faith because they had they didn't have what it took. But now here's Peter he missed this challenge. He says silver and gold have I none but such as I have. Now he had something to impart. Hallelujah. I pray to God that we will come to the place where we have something to give out virtue, strength. Maybe somebody needs deliverance being being able to lay hands upon them and and declare in the name of Jesus Christ, Satan, leave this person and Satan will listen to you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Those are the kind of people that God is raising to God is looking to raise in this hour. Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't want empty religion. Those days are fading fast. &gt;&gt; And like I said last time, it's not in the numbers. Amen. So the fall of man gave Satan legal access to be able to possess a man and continue with his original desire to be worshiped as God in a man. So that's where the battle is today. Like I said earlier on, Satan's desire to steal worship from God has never stopped. It has not stopped. And so let me say this, saints, let's be careful that we don't let a cold, lukewarm spirit get on us. You realize that? Because God said he hates a lukewarm spirit. He prefers that we're either hot or cold. Because brother Arab says that that lukewarm condition, it makes God sick in his stomach. And when God said he will spew you out of his mouth, that means spew you out of his presence. That is the Leodician spirit that we are fighting today. And Satan being cunning, he knows that if he can just get the people to cool down just to that level where they're neither hot or cold. He works best in those conditions. You know a frog, you know how you've heard the story of a frog? They say you take a frog, put it in cold water, and then you turn up the heat slowly. If you take a frog and throw it in hot boiling water, it will jump out. But take it in in cold water and turn the heat up slowly, slowly, slowly, and before that frog realizes what's going on, it's cooked, baked, dead. That's exactly what the enemy is doing to this bunch of Leodians. Putting them putting them in a lukewarm condition. And God says, "You are miserable, poor, blind, wretched, and you don't even know it." Yet very religious. Praise God. Listen to this quote as I start to wind down. Brother Brham says, "Now remember this that Christ in the church in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. But the book of Revelation shows how that the antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan, revealing his works, the attempted destruction of God's people, and the discrediting of God's word right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. The prophet says he fights that. He cannot stand it. He knows that if the people get the true revelation of the true church and what she is, praise God, and what she stands for and that she can do the greater works, she will be an invisible army. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So you see what the enemy is doing to us, putting spiritual amnesia over us and we cool down and we become content with our condition. No more desire to see God moving. The time that we should be spending with God and spending time in the presence of God, we become so programmed. We become robotic in our ways. Hallelujah. You know, even just to get believers to say amen in a church, you almost have to beg people. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Something is wrong with your experience. Some people when they come to church, the only time their mouth will move is when the song leader says, "Let's sing a song." Then they sing the song. Once we sit down, the mouth shuts shuts tight until they leave the building. You can't get nothing from them. &gt;&gt; And we call ourselves Christians. We are going to heaven. Which heaven are you going to? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And some of the worst are preachers themselves. You know, preachers like it when they're here and the people are saying, "Amen." &gt;&gt; You feel good. You feel inspired. But you watch some of the same preachers. Just go and look in conventions. That's some of the best places to see this happening. on the pulp pit. They'll sit there with their legs crossed like a frozen statue. No participation. Do you realize that Levites were actually supposed to be part of worship? I want to read it for you. You are not supposed to be a spectator but a participant. &gt;&gt; You lead by example. Praise God. I missed the scripture I wanted to read. Let me just find it real quick cuz I'm almost winding down. Nehemiah chapter six, I believe. You know these things are not just uh stories we tell. This is God wanting his people to be in a certain condition. Listen to this. This is Nehemiah chapter 8 verse 5. And Ezra opened a book in the sight of all the people for he was above all the people. He was standing on a pulpit. And when he opened it all the people stood up. This is where we get this, you know, when we stand for the reading of the word is here. See, all the people stood up in respect for the word. And Ezra blessed the Lord and the great God and all the people answered, "Amen." Amen. With lifting up of their hands. So where we where did we get the idea that coming to church is just showing up physically and going back the same the congregation is supposed to participate &gt;&gt; just as much as the musicians are doing their part. We don't come here to be entertained. We come to worship the King of Kings &gt;&gt; and the Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; Amen. We shouldn't wait until the the preachers coming out then we stand up like robots. Let's we've come to worship the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. &gt;&gt; Sometimes we let traditions come into the church and we don't even realize that we're just a bunch of traditionalists. &gt;&gt; Why should we wait until the preacher comes then we stand up? If King Jesus is here, the one we came to worship, &gt;&gt; there should be such a joy in your heart that you just stand and give him praise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You give him worship because he is the one, the reason why we come here. &gt;&gt; Not because a man has walked on the pulpit then we stand up. Nothing wrong with that. That's respectful I believe. But you see, sometimes we can get carried away with traditions and we grieve God by the things we do, not realizing that we are just doing a bunch of traditions. Hallelujah. So I want to read this scripture here before we close. This was now Moses instructing the people on how they were to worship after crossing Jordan into the promised land. Hear what he said. Deuteronomy 12:12. And ye shall rejoice before the Lord your God. Ye and your sons and your daughters and your men's servants and your maid servants and the Levites. That is the priesthood. So it wasn't just a congregation doing the worshiping and the priesthood sat there like some like I said statues. They were required to worship just like everybody else. &gt;&gt; The congregation says, "Amen." The preacher also says, "Amen." &gt;&gt; There's no big ones and small ones. There's only one big one. That's Jesus. &gt;&gt; For he said, "If I be lifted up, then I will draw all men unto me." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. the Levites that is within your gates for as much as I'll I'll leave that for now. You see, so like Queen Vashi, she could be replaced any time. Yeah, she was a queen, but she was replaced. And brother Brham says that Jesus can put us away anytime he wants to. So don't think that because I'm a message believer, I'm in. No, he can replace us any moment he wants to because he has the right to do so. So we are called. So So you are bride because he has called you just like Esther. she was called. And your conduct as a bride is what qualifies you to be his bride. Did you hear what I said? Your conduct as a bride is what qualifies you to be his bride. God does not beg for worship. He does not beg for worship. He does not need to feel great because you didn't worship. I mean, he he doesn't need my worship. He doesn't need your worship. He's able of these stones to raise up children unto Abraham. The Bible says that. So, it's a privilege to worship God. It's a privilege to come into the house of God. And God expects us to come into the house of God prepared. &gt;&gt; Come in half an hour. Get yourself ready. Some people walk in five minutes before the preacher comes, I mean, the song leader comes to sing. I mean, how do you expect God to do something for you? You don't pray. You don't read. There's no dedication. You come dry. You live dry. And you affect the service. And then you wonder why you're not moving on with God. Let's get back to the ABCs. Come early, half an hour early and sit down, meditate, get your spirit cooled down so that when the song leader comes. We are already in an atmosphere. The preacher comes, he finds the church in a certain atmosphere. He won't have be fighting through spirits. Praise God. We have a part to play. So in winding down I want to read this last scripture where Jesus was going into Jerusalem. We call it the Palm Sunday. And I want to watch those message preachers of his day, the Pharisees. So here was Jesus coming in. Of course you know the story. The people were rejoicing, happy and glad. And the Bible says this, "And some of the Pharisees from among the multitudes said unto him, Master, rebuke thy disciples." Those same Pharisees are still in the message today. They like dead churches, dead worship. That's the way they like it. Don't you realize that? That is an anointing of Satan. He wants to strip God from worship. We were made to rejoice, to be happy, to give God praise. Amen. He says, "Master, rebuke thy disciples. Tell your church to stop making noise. They're too loud." Listen to what Jesus said. And he answered and said unto them, I tell you that if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. You see, God's attitude is so different from ours. So, in closing, I want to ask this question and this is a a a scripture. Proverbs chapter 22:28. It says, "Remove not the ancient landmarks which thy fathers have set." Remove not the ancient landmark which thy fathers have set. The Bible says we are built upon the foundation of the the doctrine of the apostles and the prophets. You look around today things like altar calls Those are historical things. They're gone. Prayer lines where people used to come and cry out before God in repentance. You don't see those things no more. Those ancient landmarks are gone. We are in too much of a rush for our programs. We don't have time for God to spend time in the house of God. If you knew you are dying tomorrow, I can guarantee that you will do anything, spend as much time as you can today to make sure that you're ready to meet your God. But we wait until an emergency strikes us. And then we cry to God, says, "Oh God, help me." You want God to help you when you can't even give God time. The zeal of the bride is to repent. It's not just for sinners because every single day we make mistakes. And so we are responsible to maintain that relationship with God by keeping ourselves humble before God. &gt;&gt; The altar calls are gone. That's why our young people don't they're not interested in church anymore because they have seen everything else but God. I'm not angry. I'm just saying what God placed on my heart because I believe that these are the things that are killing the church. We might explain them by way the prophet said this and all these things but the reality is let's look at ourselves. We can't deny truth. You either see it as black or it's white and you've got to say it for what it is. &gt;&gt; Our young people in this message are dying out. The world is pulling them more than the church is. They grow up in this message. After a while, it's almost predictable where they will go. I've heard ministers say that. You can almost predict when they will leave the church and go into the world. Shame on us. God called us to be a lighthouse. &gt;&gt; I believe this the gospel is still the strongest attraction there is in the world. &gt;&gt; And if they saw Christ in us, &gt;&gt; there should be something to attract them here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But we've cooled down. We've let the enemy come in and we just do things traditionally and we go along and think it's okay. It's not okay. Praise God. Brother Brham says, "Often I've said this, the greatest enemy I got is William Brham. The greatest enemy I got is Emmanuel Tombbe. It's not sister Rosemary. It's not Sister Amanda. It's not brother Daniel or whoever you are. It's none of those. The greatest enemy you have is yourself. And the moment you realize that you need to die to yourself, get that stinking pride out of you. Amen. Thinking that you know it all. Maybe because you've been in a message 30, 40 years. That happened in the Bible. There there were those who walked with Moses, came out of Egypt, and they saw God for 40 years. And the Bible says with them many with many of them, God was not pleased, and they perish in the wilderness. Even though they had been in the message 40 years. So your numbers to God mean nothing. Where are you today? &gt;&gt; Praise God. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Let's not brag about how long we've been in the message. It's how much is that God in you? &gt;&gt; How much is that God in me? God can take somebody who came in a message yesterday and set him on fire and he will leave you a million miles while you're still boasting about your number of years. We should boast about how much God lives in us. Amen. Praise God. So, we need to die out to our intellectual conceptions and let the message go from our head into our hearts. &gt;&gt; The prophet said, "What we need more is heartfelt religion." Something that comes from the heart. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Let's get back to the ancient landmarks. I know they are not popular anymore, but you know what? That's the thing that will bring life into the church. &gt;&gt; The new birth is messy, but it's the only thing that God ordained to bring life into the church. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Lukewarmness. God will not accept it. Amen. Things of the world are coming in. Our long young men are coming in with long hair and you know these things are creeping into the church and it's slowly being accepted. The Bible says it's a shame for a man to have long hair. Oh yes, it's a shame for a man to have long hair. It might not be popular to be said, but it's the scripture regardless. &gt;&gt; Let's look like gentlemen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The trail of the serpent in connection to the fall of man. I hope you can see how Satan is working today. And always remember this that Satan works through religion. Praise God. Let's stand to our feet. Musicians, you can come. Amen. can just play the song. He is Lord quietly. Amen. Let's sing the song. He is Lord. He is Lord. He has risen from the dead. And as we sing, let's just consecrate ourselves to God cuz this might be your last chance. Those online, maybe tonight could be your last night. You don't know. Then what? If you're not ready with to meet God, you're in that lukewarm condition. What then? Praise God. As we sing, I just want us to really mean what we are saying. We close our eyes. Let's raise our hands in consecration to God and really sing this song that he is Lord and consecrate your life to God. Make a decision that you are going to go all the way with God. Don't allow this cold spirit to get on you. Amen. Call the truth. Oh that Jesus Christ is Lord. He is Lord. Let's raise our hands and sing to him. Oh he is Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, he is Lord for He has risen. Oh, from the dead and he is Lord. Every knee shall bow for every knee shall bow down. Every tongue confess oh that Jesus [Music] Christ is Lord this prayer. Thank you Lord Jesus. Oh God, we thank you father for tonight. Lord, blessed be your holy name, precious Jesus. Lord, as we are here in your presence tonight, Lord, I pray, Lord, that your great Holy Spirit, Lord, will go from seat to seat, Lord, from heart to heart. Lord, forgive us, Father. We've treated you, Lord God, in such a way, Father, that we make you feel ashamed of our ways, Lord. [Music] Lord, I pray, oh God, that somehow today you'd extend mercy and grace upon us, Lord. Set our hearts on fire, for God. Lord, bring back that first love in our hearts. Lord, right from the pulpit to the pew. Lord, cleanse us, Lord. Ignite us, Lord God, with your spirit. Father, that we will see the God like Elijah when he came to that river Jordan. He said, "Where is the God of Elijah?" He wasn't interested in some historical God, but he wanted to see God for himself. And today, Father, we want to see God, the same God of Brother Brham. We talk about what God did in 1965, in 1960, 1959. Lord, that's good. But what good does he do us, Lord God, to talk about a historical God, if he's not the same with us today, Lord, I pray that you would extend mercy upon us, Lord. God, forgive me if there's anything wrong I've said that's out of line, oh God. This is what you placed on my heart, Lord. And I pray that somehow, Lord, even if it's one soul, Lord, that will be touched and transformed, Lord, it will be worth it all. That's all we desire, Father, is to have truth, is to love you, is to serve you. So bless your people, oh God, as we leave this place. We thank you, Lord, and we love you. Thank you, Jesus. We ask your blessings upon us, oh God, as we would go. bring us back Lord at the appointed time to worship in your house Lord in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Jesus Christ is Lord. For he is Lord and he is Lord. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. every nation and every tongue come that Jesus Christ is Lord. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and told thy love to me. But I long to rise in the arms of iteer [Music] there blessed Lord to the cross where thou has From me there [Music] blessed Lord to thy preious dece. [Music] secret unequ [Music] service Lord by the power of grace divine. Let my soul, let my soul look up with a steadfast and my will be lost in [Music] there to the cross where thou I don't draw me there [Music] to thy preious name. Hallelujah. How many going to continue to press on, press into our inheritance? Amen. Appreciate brother Emanuel tonight. healing himself the the voice of God. Amen. You are dismissed. May you have a safe journey home. Amen. Eat. Even though my spirit blows and I feel I can hardly go, but still I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith. I can't see what lies before me. But still I see victory. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the blood. Sometimes the bottle gets hot and it seems like we're fighting a lot. Oh, I remember I'm standing under rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I'll turn around and give up too because I believe you're about to lose. I've got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the blood line. me because I'm covered by his blood. You may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Remember, you can't cross the blood line. [Music] I'll commute to tell you Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. You may stand and you may fight. You're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't close the blood. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. [Music]
