################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - The Book of Redemption in Manifestation  - Minister John Simon - John Simon.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   The Book of Redemption in Manifestation  - Minister John Simon
Speaker: John Simon
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dILHzaMy8R4
========================================

Description:
Minister John Simon
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] as we Heat. Heat. We begin to [Music] [Applause] watch as we stand this morning. As we as we [Music] gather as we gather that as our hearts we'll be blessed Because we can. Amen. How many feel blessed this morning? You feel blessed this morning? Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. That's because you're in the presence of the Lord. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. [Music] You are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place. Mighty God. Everybody, you're awesome this morning in the world. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of all praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this praise. Mighty God, what makes him so awesome this morning? Greater than all my sin is the blood that still cleanses me is the grace that still sets me free to praise him. I [Applause] know. I'm walking [Music] in I cannot [Music] fall. Oh, greater than all my is the one that still cleanses me. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I cannot find. How many are believers this morning? Oh, greater than all my sins is the blood that still cleanses me. is the grace that [Music] still I'm walking in. I cannot [Music] If you're walking through the valley and there shadows all around. Oh, do not fear for he will guide you. He will keep you safe. He has promised to never leave [Music] [Music] you. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Everybody Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Sing it again. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, God is [Music] good. God is good. Hallelujah. Praise God. I know they're singing it everywhere. Maybe this morning, but nobody can sing it like you can sing it because you know it's true. You've been in the good times. Oh, he's so good. You've been in the bad times and after you come out, you say, "You know what? God was so good down in that valley. Praise God. He brought me through." Amen. Praise God this morning. Someone bless the Lord this [Music] morning. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. In the key of F, if you would please. I sing praises to his name this morning. Hallelujah. Somebody want to sing praises unto the Lord. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God this morning. I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and great to me. I sing glory to your name. Oh, I sing glory to [Applause] [Music] you. Glory to you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I sing glory to you. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to you. Hallelujah [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Praise his name. Hallelujah. One more time. I sing glory to your name. I sing glory to your [Music] name. Glory to you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] And by a roadway in the wilderness he leads me. Rivers in the desert I will sing. Heaven and earth. [Music] But his word is still he will do something new today. God will make a way where there seems to be no way. He [Music] wal. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] And by a roadway in the wilderness there's a way [Music] for the now I see earth heaven and earth Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He's worth in we not see. He has made a way for me. He is still my God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He has made the way. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Someone bless the Lord this morning. Praise God. He has made a way. Oh my. He's made a way for what? so that you can go to the enemy's camp and take back what he stole from you. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we magnify your wonderful name this morning, Lord God, because you have encamped your people. Not only have you encamped them, but you now dwell in them, Lord. And Lord, you said that you've put the enemy under your feet, which means that they're under our feet. And this morning, Lord, we can claim what is rightfully ours, the portion of land, the portion of faith that you have purposed in our lives from before the foundations of the world. And Lord, today we can claim it as sons and daughters of God because we've got a father that has left us an inheritance. Father, we ask your blessing upon the worship, upon every word spoken, every song sung, Lord. every instrument that's strung, Lord. Every drum that's beat this morning, Lord. May it be like when the children of Israel, come into the house of the Lord, and everything was in its proper place. And all of a sudden, the cloud of glory came into the house of the Lord. And it filled every nook and cranny. It filled the hearts of the people. Oh God, it set such an atmosphere that sin could not stay. It had to leave. And Lord, this morning as your word comes forth, Lord, may it send back the enemy right back to where it came from. Lord, we claim every word. We receive every word. We're under expectation to hear the voice of God this morning once again. Lord, you are in the midst of your people. Lord, set liberty in the camp. Let there be a bomb in Gilead this morning, Lord. and may the people leave victorious, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we we thank you for our our precious former pastor, John Simon, that will minister the word of God this morning. We are so happy this morning, Lord, because we know that your spirit dwelleth in the midst of your people. And Lord, use that vessel in a supernatural way today and do a mighty work in our midst. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. It is a great thing to serve the Lord. It is a great thing to serve the Lord. It is a great thing. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] What a great thing. We're going to walk [Music] [Music] We're going to march. [Music] [Applause] I've got the life of God in me. I've got the love of God in me. I've got the love. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, you got to keep [Applause] walking. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There's a land that is fair. Oh, by we can see all for the father. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I believe I believe Jesus. Jesus. I believe Jesus. Oh, and his blood washes white. [Music] When the Savior calls, I will answer. When he calls, I will hear. Oh, when I see Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I am right here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many can say you've heard your name being spoken? Oh my. In order for you to hear your names being spoken, the book had to be open. Not only open, but open to you. So, somebody shout hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. It's personal. Amen. It's not a big group, but it's personal. Each and everyone has to hear their own name being spoken. God bless. You can be seated for a bit. Sorry to keep you standing, but we just know that um uh we appreciate the Lord. That's all we can say. His presence, if it wasn't for his presence, where would we be? When I was a sinner, you know what? You know how many times his presence came to me when I was a sinner? From when I was about that tall, all of a sudden his presence would be there. What a mighty God we serve. full of grace, full of compassion, full of mercy, overlooking everything else and saying, "That's my seed right there." Amen. Come ahead, brothers. Come ahead. Praise God. Not one shall be lost. Praise the Lord. All right, brother Eugene. Come and bless the offering. It's already blessed because why? It's coming from your heart. Amen. as we bring our tithes and offerings to your house, Father. Lord, Father, use it for your purpose, your honor, your glory, Father, in Jesus Christ name we pray. Amen. A little bit more piano if you can right [Music] here. Well, let's do again just sing a manifesting time. The reason why I'm singing it this morning is because I heard brother Brandon say he said uh we can't put dove feathers and stick dove dove feathers. He said you either have them if you or you don't have them. Right? And if we have them they're going to show. The fruits are going to show. Amen. Let the fruits show themselves. Amen. Then I thought, oh boy, Lord bless my heart. It's not a makeup. See, it's just something that is happening. It's the voice of my beloved. Behold, he quickly comes sweeping over the mountain and over the hills Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] God's [Music] chosen little forest. His heart is mine. Keep your eyes open. See that lovely one. Guess what? He's coming. Oh, it's been a [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] long run In a secret place so high till the day break and the shadows fade away in that mountain place a sweet smells coming true but he's that lovely one is coming the fruit of the vine I [Music] [Applause] love God's [Music] chosen voice of my voice of God. Behold, he quickly sweeping over the [Music] [Applause] mountain. I hear his voice. I hear his arise. My fear won't come away. It is manifesting [Music] [Applause] time and a love [Music] we lovely one. He's coming [Music] in. God bless you. God bless all of you. God bless you. Real good. Thank you very much. God bless you all. Please be seated. It's good to be here uh by God's grace. Amen. Good to be alive on such a bright sunny day uh of the year and to share with you the goodness of God. May God bless us all together. uh a lot of the things that I speak on I've spoken on it uh already maybe in a different way and then God gives you a further revelation and so you come and you expand on what you might have already said but it's all to God's glory. It's good to see familiar faces, new faces, uh believers growing in the grace of God. And that's the main thing because we are not here to build an organization, but we are here to build and strengthen the body of Christ. Is that right? In that way, because we are not an organization and Satan's whole kingdom is built on structure. It's built on logic. It's built on organized everything structured properly organized so that it's trackable and traceable. But the sons of God according to John 3 are led by the spirit of God. And the wind blows where it wants to blow and no man knows where it's going. Satan loves to have a preacher that will come up and has perfect structure and wonderful, you know, setups and stuff like that. Uh, and I'm not talking about um uh like um having what you call it displays and stuff like that. That's part of the whole thing. But I'm talking about coming with the uh message all so structured. Uh you don't realize what a blessing you have here to have men of God who just pick up the scripture um after studying in the word of God and then allow the Holy Spirit to use them. Amen. But um what you see on the television and what you see online, it's people that many times they have teams behind them that actually prepare that sermon and um they are just the spokesman or the voice for th this whole team behind them. But here you're having one man or men in contact with God and then they'll bring the word of God to you and then it appears so simple that um you may miss what God is really trying to accomplish. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh I want to thank um the leadership of the church. I just noticed the uh marble um plaque in the front of the church there last week or so when I was here for the first time. It was in the office, but I noticed it's put up there now and I want to thank you all for that. I appreciate your love and your respects and your regard. Amen. uh that is just for the physical person whom you see. But even the apostles, even the patriarchs, every time something was accomplished by the grace of God, Bible says they built an altar. Uh they built it with stones, they put it there. Well, we don't do that today, but we express that in another way. And what you did there was not just for me, but you are expressing to God how how thankful you are for what he has accomplished through me for his glory and for his honor. Praise the Lord. So I'm glad that he allowed me to be a part of it and it's still happening. I said it's still going on and you are a part of it. Amen. You're the ones God is working with us right now and there's another wave coming in and you are a part of it. Praise the Lord. God bless you. I'm going to continue talking with you like that. Really? Praise the Lord. I I'd like to um could we have our scripture there, brother? Revelation chapter 10 vers 1 um to 4. Revelation 10 verses 1-4 very familiar. Gracious heavenly father, we thank you for the reading of the word. We thank you for your people that are gathered here today. And we pray that the Holy Spirit will come among us and upon us and upon the word and bless us all together as we fellowship together bringing glory to your name in Jesus name. Amen. And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow upon his head. and his face was as it were the sun, and his feet as pillars of fire. And he had in his hand a little book open, and he set his right foot upon the sea, and his left foot on the earth, and cried with a loud voice, as when a lion roared. And when he had cried, seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not. That will be my emphasis today. Write them not. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Please be seated. Satan wants to get your attention in every way. While I'm talking, he'll try to get your attention away from what I'm saying. Um, he can suddenly make my suit go square or no. Um, it's it's funny thing. It looks natural and normal, but it's the devil working his works. He can make your attention get attracted by um maybe he has two left shoe on this morning. Sounds funny, but the devil does things like that. But you see, keep your attention on the word of God and don't be distracted. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful to God. you know um if you will notice in the uh book of Genesis there is a garden called the garden of Eden and you go back in the book of revelation and if you take the two books side by side you'll find there are a lot of parallels you'll find there are a lot of parallels a river a river a garden a garden a tree a a back a tree and so on you'll see a lot of things of that nature. Well, you know that uh quoting, let me quote brother Brandham expectations. A little tree when it's planted on in the earth, a little apple tree about that big is stuck right out in the ground. Do you know every apple that will ever be on that tree or come from that tree, every single blossom, every leaf and every limb that that will ever be on that tree is in that tree right now. Amen. Is that right? Praise God. Hallelujah. Another place he said, "Do you know all the oak trees that you will ever see came from that first one that God plant in the garden and all of them were in that one tree in se in seed form?" What do you What do you think he was talking about? Just trees? No, we we we have understanding. We know he wasn't just talking about trees. It sounded that way. And he says they were all in the original oak tree. Oh my, what a mystery that is. Think of think about it. And so being in that tree, all every blossom, everything is already in that tree. Well, let's take that thought now and move a little further. Harry says, "Now we start with this fact that there were two trees in the midst of the garden. The tree of life was in that garden. The tree of life, he says, was a person." The tree of life, he says, that tree of life was Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We know the other tree was definitely Satan, right? Who came? Then the fruit that come forth from that tree, of course, we know it was Satan. Amen. Now that Jesus Christ was that tree, we know he was the prophet tree. He was his own prophet, right? Not but not only the prophet tree, he was the example tree. He was also the bridegroom tree. And the prophets shout, "Glory to God." He was the bridegroom tree. Amen. Praise God. He is the He repeats. He is the bridegroom tree. Amen. Right from that garden of Eden. Amen. Then the bridegroom tree has to have a female tree with it in it. Amen. Or it don't bear no fruit. That's right. How can it bear fruit unless it has a female tree? Amen. He's got to have a bride tree for that. Praise the Lord. Aren't you happy for that? Oh my. Yes. See, there were they're born of the same material. The word made flesh in a tree. It's the same life. I hope you get it. It's the same life in this female tree. Uh that's in the bridegroom tree. It's all in the bride. Amen. For he was the bridegroom. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful to God for that. Hallelujah. Amen. Now we know that this tree of life in the garden, let me repeat, was Jesus Christ is Jesus Christ. And he is the book of life. You know he's the book of life. He is the book of redemption. He is the book of redemption. Praise God. Hallelujah. So and this book of redemption or this tree of life had its wife in him. Amen. Pro your pastor preached on that just a few weeks ago. How Adam came, their name was Adam. I think it's Genesis uh four or five when it says and their name was Adam. Their name was Adam. Sorry, Genesis 2. I believe their name was Adam. When there was separation, he called her Eve, but their name was Adam. Right? So it's the same way you see one tree of life but there was the female tree in there. She was a part of that and whatever he was she is. Amen. So if he was the book of is the book of redemption. If he is that book of life and she is a part of him then she is a part of that book of redemption. Amen. Praise God. Thank God this is not a regular book now. We're not talking about a book like this. Amen. Because this that's not a book of time. That's a book of eternity. That that that's not a book that you can tear the pages and burn them because you don't like what you're reading. H you can't do that because this is an eternal book. Thanks be to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Now we know that when you write a book the book has to be written with characters in it. You know writing is actually ABCD F. There are characters for people to recognize right characters. So characters are really in the book. The book is really written by characters. Thanks be to God. Hallelujah. Amen. And so that's the reason why the book couldn't John couldn't write that part of the book. He couldn't write it. He's allowed to write about all the the all those uh first bunch of seals, but the last one he couldn't really write anything. There's nothing could be written about that whatsoever. That's we're coming now to the unwritten word. See, it could not be understood. It was like a mystery through the ages. Revelation 10 that we read, we see the mighty angel coming down. You know that that comes from Revelation 5 where the book was closed. It was sealed with seven seals and one sat on the throne and there came a bloody lamb. and he was able to take the book. Revelation 10, all of a sudden the lamb changes to a mighty angel with a covenant around his head. Prophet said that covenant angel was Christ himself. Amen. Christ had come down what? To open up the book. Of course, brother Brandham did not reveal the seals. Brother Brandham did not open the seals. Amen. He just came to be the voice. The mighty angel broke the seals. The mighty angels opened the book. And came down with the book open. Yes, sir. But the book was open yet not revealed. A lot of people say, "Oh, I read the seals and brother Brandham, I study the seal." Yeah. Uh yeah, the seals. You have the book and everything else, but is it revealed to you? Right? It may be open, but is it revealed to you? Right? And if it's revealed to you, the prophet said in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He said if you say it's revealed to you, then your life has got to manifest or revealed. Hallelujah. What was in there? Praise God. Other than that, you don't know what you're talking about. You don't know what you're talking about. Praise the Lord. All you got is words, but you don't have a revelation. Amen. Now, first we see this book in the form of the unwritten word in the thoughts of God, in the mind of God until it became spoken word, the spoken word of God. And then God allowed it to be written. you allowed it to be written or somebody to make a because you know a book is also a record right it's also a record so uh they were allowed to write it use characters of English Spanish or Greek or whatever but they used that character that people can recognize what was being said right so it came forth in the form of the written word of God in the form of these characters on a page. But I want you to know that in this season that we are living in, the word of God has come again. And it has come now not just in the writing form. It has come in the form of characters. Living people, characters. Hallelujah. You understand me now? Now you come here in the form the word of God has come now in this time this age not in the form of writing on a page it's moved away from that you we still read this we still take it into receive faith but you better get it inside of you amen and when it goes inside of you therefore it moves from being written word to living word because now the word is living in you. He lives in me. Praise God. He lives in me if I believe him. Praise God. And then the word uh comes and it manifests as a character. Hallelujah. Now, we know this Bible is made up a whole lot of characters. I'm not talking about just the prophets and the patriarchs and the apostles, but the writing itself is characters, right? Praise God. And it's the characters make it a written book. Praise God. Hallelujah. So here we are that we are become what? The unwritten word. That part could not be written. It couldn't be written because it had to be lived. It had to be in people that were prepared before the foundations of the world to receive the word of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. And so now, what are we seeing here? Oh, uh, Jesus was the tree of life. Jesus was the book of redemption. But now, what are we seeing? We're looking at the manifestation of that book in the form of people walking upon the face of the earth. Amen. Predestinated people. Praise God. living itself through the character of people that are walking on the earth here today. Do you believe that? Hallelujah. Yes, sir. That book of redemption in now is is in now is in manifestation. It is now in manifestation. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now, we thank God that he is writing. He's writing his own book, not by using a pen and paper. Hallelujah. But by God using the seed that he's placed in you or the character of Christ that he placed in you. Now if I use the word the seed, if I use the word the character of Christ, if I use the word of germ, if I use, you know, attribute, it's the same thing I'm talking about. Don't be confused and I don't want to sound mysterious, but that's what it is, right? So God is using his own attribute. He's using his own germ, his own seed that he placed in there to write another book of Acts because it's his people now in action by the Holy Ghost. Writing another book of Acts, not by paper and pen, but by action. The manifestation of the book of redemption is now taking place by the grace of God. Hallelujah. The manifestation of the book in the lives of the people who would be the living interpretation of the book of redemption because their names are in the book. Think about it, brother, sister. Their names being inside of that book. Praise the Lord. And only those who are in that book can walk this walk and really talk this talk. Only they have to germ in them to be able to live that this part of the world that we are in. We're living in a world of chaos right now. And if you don't have an anchor, the prophet said, if your anchor is not anchored in glory, hallelujah, if your tight post is not in glory, he says you can't hold. You won't be able to hold on. This is too much. It's only the Holy Ghost can keep us. Only he can keep us. Grace, grace of God keeps us. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. You know sometime just a about a month ago I was reading there and uh read where the prophet said if uh when God said let there be light. He says remember the world had never seen such a thing before. Never. They had never seen such a thing before. Before this revelation coming through the prophet the world never seen nothing like this before. And God back then said, "Let there be light." And all of a sudden, something appeared in the sky. He said, "You going to ask what that is? Are you Are you going to ask what it is for the what is it?" He didn't say this, but this is how I I got it. The The manifestation is the revelation. The manifestation is the revelation. So, we come back to the book. The manifestation is the revelation. The manifestation is the revelation. Your life upon this earth is a living testimony to the entire world. Whether they like it or not, your life is a manifestation of this book of redemption. There's nothing they can do about it because it's happening right in front of them. Oh yeah. The devil going to want to play with your mind and say, "How you going to be a part of that? You're not perfect. You're not this. You still doing that. You're still doing this. You're still thinking that now you come right down because a person can be perfect outside but then you have pollution in the dark life. You know those things there. But let me tell you something. When the Bible says that Jesus Christ has washed us and we are perfect, what you have to understand is despite your stumblings, your failings, despite your your thoughts, despite whatever the devil will throw at you, you take God's word who says you're perfect. Not because of what you are doing, but because what he is doing in you. Praise the name of the Lord. Look, you think when uh in the cast out of the devil uh like a policeman uh when you think of it, it's not the man that the devil fears or the criminal fears, but it is the it's the law that's behind that man. It's the power that's behind that man that he fears. Right? And so it's not you and I, but it's the Christ that is within you. The devil can't face him face to face because he's a loser. He's been defeated by the Lord Jesus Christ and he can't stand it anymore. Praise God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Praise God. So, here we see therefore uh the this word of God living in the lives of true believers. We come, we see the uh virtues as you see them up there now come into view. The virtues now come into view because these virtues are you know virtues, attributes, characteristics of Jesus Christ. Is that right? So now you say oh the ah we are the attributes of God. Yeah, because you were sent down here predestinated to manifest one, two, three, or all of those virtues that are up there. Not by your works, but the virtues are not your virtues, but the virtues of Jesus Christ in you. Amen. The prophet said uh as I was reading last night, he says you don't have to go asking a sheep to bear wool. He says because it is a sheep made to be a sheep. It just naturally bears wool. and all you have to be is yourself and just walk in Christ and you naturally will bear these virtues. Now bearing these virtues don't mean you walk around like a pope or a saint, you know. No, that's that's not what it means. But whenever there is a need for a display of that particular virtue or virtues because some people in their lives they might have one virtue it's their preeminent thing right have you ever seen somebody like that I've looked at some said my that man really has patience you're not thinking about it but you said it you recognize what was what is in him. The devil recognizes it too, right? That man has really has patience. So, one person might only have one of those virtues in them, but it doesn't matter. He is still he or she is still a reflection of Jesus Christ. Amen. Is that right? Praise the Lord. There is no requirement anywhere in the Bible that you all seven of those virtues got to be inside of you manifesting I mean through you because they are in you anyway because Jesus Christ is in you but they only display when he needs them to display. You are put in a situation where you need to display patience or you need to display temperance or you need to display brotherly kindness, right? But my God, you know, sometimes the devil will even use a brother to say or do something that make you want to give him a left and a right. Praise the Lord. Is that right? Nobody wants to say amen to that. Right? But praise God, but God reserves that. Another person may have just a couple of those virtues in them. And some will uh have several of those virtues in them. Then other people will have that quality that whenever any of those virtues are needed, it suddenly manifests. And then they look back at themselves and say, "Well, why did I do that? I I should have I should have really talked up to that person. I should have really tell them this." But you didn't because God was displaying himself. He was displaying himself through you. And so that human part prophet said, "You need to let go." That let go. Let God have his wonderful way. And then you stand there and watch God in operation making himself manifest. Hallelujah. So God is showing his word and revealing the book right in front of them and they can't see it. The book is open. They're looking at it, but they can't see it because they're looking for to understand writing on a page rather understand God and his people. Do you know brother Brandon preached on uh God misunderstood? Do you know he's being mis misunderstood again? But he's being now misunderstood in his people because that was the male part Jesus Christ the head of the body. But now it's the church the bride which is the female part of the body. They're looking back at the male part of the body, not realizing that that same son of man is being now revealed again, but now in a form of a bride, making himself known in the form of a bride. And the bride is a part of the book because he is the book of redemption. And thank God our names we believe were in that book. Now I didn't want to come up here with a whole ton of quotations and everything. You can search these things yourself because you know the Bible said prophet says do you know uh the na your name is almost like speaking of your nature and uh and that's why you have to watch the name because that name speak of a nature and uh or character. So when it says and their names were in that book, the seed, the life, the character, a portion of the character of Christ was a was in that book. Praise God. And uh I'm I'm just thinking now while I'm talking to you, he brings to my thoughts here. He says, "Do you know that you were already in your daddy years ago since he was a young man? You didn't know it, but you were already there. Just waiting on the hour when you become expressed or manifested." Hallelujah. So likewise, our minds are darkened. where we really come from. But God is revealing to us who we are and where we really come from. That we are not just of earth. Part of us is amen. But we are really from glory and we we are going back because we came from there you can't go there if you weren't from there. John chapter 3 Jesus said no man can go back into heaven unless he first come down from heaven. Amen. Is that right? So for you to say, "I'm going in the rapture." It means you were there before. You were there before. You're only going back to your position in Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. My God. That perfect stature of a perfect man. God struck him on Calvary. Amen. And the smitten piece broke off. Amen. Here we are upon this earth to make a manifestation of the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Okay. Let's look at some a few uh quotations here. He says, "Now, do you know that this Bible was manifested in the full in its fullness in the person of Jesus Christ? For he was the word revealed. I want to repeat that. He was the word revealed. That's right. Amen. He was the whole complete book of redemption. Amen. See, oh my, praise God. That's events made clear by prophecy 1965. He was the whole book of redemption. Praise God. So if he was the Bible, amen, and the Bible made manifest in Jesus Christ and Jesus Christ is the book of redemption, then we realize that believers are now living Bibles. I said, you are living Bible. You are the living word. You are John 1:1. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Is that right? that back then it was speaking of Jesus Christ, but now it speaks of you and I. The word made flesh again. The prophet said, "Don't you understand what's happening?" Amen. The the flesh is becoming word and the word is becoming flesh. Back to the word. Amen. Amen. He had a theophony and that theophony had to end morphe and you are you don't you understand? You are in morphia and right back to go back into a theophony back in the presence of almighty God. You got to go through a change and a transformation before you go into the presence of almighty God. It's going on right now. You say, "I don't feel it, but you better believe it. You don't have to feel anything." You just got to believe the word of the living God. Forgive me if I don't speak very cultured and very, you know, um I I get off sometimes and get very emotional and some people don't like really emotional uh preaching. They like really cultured, structured, right to the point. Say what you have to say and get on with it, you know. Amen. Now notice in a in a message called power of the devil, he says notice God said that this book of redemption book of redemption remember the book of that's to be redeemed. Amen. What's in that book is was to be redeemed. Hallelujah. He said what is redeemed? Redeem, of course, means to be brought back to your rightful position. Hallelujah. That's what I was talking about. You had to be there first. And God allowed you to come down here to play a part in the book. And now God is ready to redeem you and place you back into your position. Hallelujah. Oh yes, redeem mean that thing is here but it is out of its natural place, its real place. He has to redeem it and bring it bring it back to its real place. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God forever more. I'm so glad that the blood has redeemed me. Amen. Back. Redemption. brought back prophet speaking in the same book. He says one time one man was speaking to me and he says brother Brandham you know to me what redeem means it means like the devil put me in a pawn shop and the Lord Jesus redeem me. I thought that was pretty cute right then the devil put you in the pawn shop but Jesus brought you out. I said Jesus brought you out. Hallelujah. He paid the price and brought you out of the pawn shop. Amen. Paid the debt that that you could not pay. He paid your debt. You couldn't pay it. Amen. He brought you out by paying the price. Amen. Thanks be to God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. I'm glad I'm a part of that seven sealed book of redemption. Hallelujah. And I'm glad my kinsman redeemer Jesus Christ has come and taken the book out of the hand of the devil. Amen. And redeemed me out of the field. The prophet said, you know, the field is the world. The field is the world and redeemed us out of this entire world that's full of weeds and everything else in it. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now the book of redemption what he redeemed all was in that book not outside of the book but in the book and if you have eternal life you never did begin and you cannot begin because you are sons and daughters of God your attributes of his thoughts and of his word. Hallelujah. You have no ending of life for your name is in that book. Amen. Hallelujah. You had no beginning and you have no ending. He says, "But remember, you're still in this human body. You're not going to You have amnesia. You're not going to remember when you were in your daddy way back when." How you going to remember that? We were in God way back when. But you start showing characteristics like your daddy. You start showing attributes like your daddy. You your reactions start being like your daddy. Uh the way you move, the way you talk, the way you act in certain situations, it shows you are of a certain family. Amen. Certain family born with long artistic fingers. You just look at them and say, "Oh, that's a so and so." another family born with a with a a certain shaped nose or a certain shaped face. And you recognize they're a part of such and such family. We have come with a character of Christ in us. Not by the will of man, but by the will of God. You didn't choose what you are. Prophet said, "You think you just walked in here like that? You made a decision for Christ." What are you talking about? You made a decision for Christ. When God himself, he said, "You didn't choose me. I chose you. I ordained you." And when I'm ready, I called you. Other than that, how you going to come? No man comes to me unless the father called him. The deep calls to the deep. The spirit of God calls to the seed that's in you. The devil may bury it in all kinds of dirt for many years. He can dump all kinds of accusations, lies, sins, wrongdoing. He can dump you with drugs and drink and wine and women and song. But let me tell you, when the spirit of God calls out, it'll reach your soul. It'll call out to that seed that is in you. The deep will call to the deep and the deep will respond. They don't have to know English. Oh, you think it's language or it's eloquence? No, no, no, no, no. But there there is something coming out of that man, that woman or that book or that tractor, whatever, something is going to pull you. Something is going to pull you. Amen. Hallelujah. And I know when the first time I received one one book from this prophet of God of this century, the moment I started reading it, I felt something pull upon my soul. At that time I was at the height of Pentecost. Amen. Oh my. The signs and wonders all of it was happening. Oh this that that whatever you talk it was all there. Oh, fasting, pray, all there. Amen. Praise God. They did not have any anything more to offer me. But something came along. Amen. Hallelujah. And when I read that word of God, hallelujah. I recognized this is not just another evangelist. This ain't not another miracle worker. This here is God himself speaking through this man. Hallelujah. and I held to God's unchanging hand from that day to this day. Brother, sister, hallelujah. Praise God. And I'm saying it as a testimony. Not that I'm not that I'm proud, though I should be. Maybe uh August 5th, I'll be 80 years old, kept by the hand of God. By the grace of God. Let me tell you friends, I am part of God's grace to the human race. Amen. I am a partaker of that. I'm glad about it. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I know sometimes we preachers preach and the things sounds so religious that people there they can't get their heads down to it. That is a practical life that you have to live. You're not going to live different than anybody out there. It's only that you are not caught up in their cruelty, their corruption, their evil. You're not into that because your nature and the life that is in you has no taste for those things. Amen. You have no ending of life. Hallelujah. If your name is on the book, then the lamb has come to redeem it. Amen. Not all that profess and say they are Christians. No, not all them that try to live good. See? No. And to and even to live holy. But to those whose names were written on that book, them alone, those whose names were on that book. Amen. Praise the Lord. Redemption in the book. Praise God. I think I touched on that. The name, nature, character. Praise God in the book. So that's this book of redemption is written by what? Written with what? This Bible is written with characters. Right? The book of redemption is also written with characters. But they are looking for written characters. It's not written characters, living characters. It's it's you and I walking around. Is a book of that book of redemption. Where do you think the throne is? The throne is up in heaven. No. He's seated on your heart. In the hearts of the bride is where he's ruling from. So where is redemption? Where is salvation? Where is it? It's when you speak the word. When you talk to them. Amen. That's where it is coming from. Amen. It's not coming from out of just like that. It's in you. Praise the Lord. I'm I'm going to move on here. Praise the Lord. He says, "Don't you realize that the a conductor is a wire?" Amen. And a man or woman of faith is a conductor of the word of God. Hallelujah. You're the conductor of the electricity. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. You see, when you get to that stage, the devil got to be careful how he's handling you. Because he doesn't know if he going to touch 10, 20,000 volts. He He's got to be careful of how he handles you. Praise God. You become a hot potato. He wants to eat it, but he can't because it's too hot to handle. Oh my. The devil wants to destroy your life, but he can't handle it because you're too hot to handle. Jesus Christ has a control over your life. Amen. Says that man or woman of faith, the conductor of the word of God. Amen. By that he can even raise the dead. That's if he believes it. By that he can cleanse the lepers, cast out devils because he has now fashioned like a and a prophet as it common go see that is the battle the devil gotten you believing you're just such a sinful wicked person that you can't do anything you're weak on the other hand God is trying to convince you. Yes, you come through flesh and you were that way, but in reality, you are part of me and the authority I have over him. That is your authority. For God is your father. Is that right? God is your father. Hallelujah. And he all power belongs to God. And that that power belongs to you and is in you right now. The devil can't do anything about it. Pray. Praise God. See, because now he is fashioned like a god. He He He or she even looks like God. Amen. Sure. What is it? God was man and man was God. See? Sure. God in the man. This is his This is his offsprings. He's talking. He says, "I'm talking about his offsprings." Amen. He's only trying to get a hold of man, trying to get them into his hands. Praise God. To be conductors. Amen. Not with some theology. Theology is insulation. Hallelujah. He said, "Theology is insulation." He said, "What is God going to do with that?" See, God can't use wood. Wood is insulation. What's God going to do with rubber, right? I It's not like that. Praise God. God's word is the conductor. It's the boss. [Laughter] Oh my. You hear that? I said you're the boss. You're the devil's boss. Amen. Praise the Lord. But if you don't know that you are the boss, he'll push you around. Uh I can't remember what that that but there was a movie I saw years ago, Mrs. the winter and she married a very wealthy wealthy man brought into the house and the servants were pushing her around pushing her around because she used to a simple life not realizing that she is until one day when it struck her but wait a minute I am Mrs. winter. I am the boss. Oh my goodness. They're telling me it's not appropriate to wear this. It's not appropriate to do this. It's not do that. Do this. They're pushing me around. I am the person here. And then it struck her one day and she had to say, "Wait a minute. I am Mrs. Winter. Amen." And then she went out and said, "No, I want this done, this done, this done, that done now." and and they're taken back now because now she's taking charge. That's when the devil start to realize that you recognize who you are, what you were raised up for. Amen. And your original life is now manifesting through you. Oh, praise God. Walked in here. What were you saying? It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Certainly take it brother sister. Notice carefully you are the word of God is a conductor and the Holy Spirit always follows that word. Wherever that word is preached. See when your pastor is preaching it the first thing you know all of a sudden and the prophet went he says the Holy Ghost just goes over the whole building. Amen. for of course people try to imagine it like when brother Brandon was here that all of a sudden the Holy Ghost gone over the whole but it's the same thing but not in that way he he he was called to be the messenger of the age right we are just little lights uh along the shore trying to show some shipwreck for lawn brother amen the way to this shoreline amen praise God hallelujah So this is all not by wisdom. Praise God. It is not by knowledge but by my spirit sayeth the Lord. For by faith are we saved. Praise God. Revelation. I have to say it that way because you see your your mind want to go back to the old way. By believing we are saved. No. It says by revelation because you can't have something to believe in unless you got a revelation. Then something is revealed to you and you believe that right? But you're talking about believing before you even get a revelation. You're putting the cart before the horse, right? Oh. Oh my my my. See, you see you see you're a copper wire. A copper wire. That's a conductor. Aluminum wire isn't a conductor. A rubber hose. No, it's an insulator. Wood, not that. See, but God wants conductors, born again men and women who believe the word of God to do what? Be conductors of the Holy Spirit. So, brothers and sisters, we are not here to come here every Sunday just to hear a sermon. These messages are here to transform our lives so that we can go out and truly let these virtues of Jesus Christ flow through us. I'm not trying to tell you to work it up. The prophet said the sheep doesn't have to worry about bearing wool because he's a sheep. So, he bears wool. You're a Christian. You're a real believer. If you are a real believer, you have to know that. But you are a real believer that has caught a revelation. You are going to bear these virtues when you need to have these virtues. I have been in a sit been in situations where some people are saying certain things to me that you know that I'm almost about to to say something. It would have been out of line. But just as I'm about something, grab a hold of me and get you to shut your mouth and then when you speak again, you're in a different spirit, right? You're in a totally different spirit. Praise the Lord. That doesn't mean a Christian is a Christian is a just a chocolate man or woman and that that that any heat they melt. You can't stand any pressure. No, no. It means you stand up for yourself but not in self. You let Christ flow through you. Says you're a man and that's what it means. You're supposed to have a man spirit. Amen. And you're a woman, you're supposed to have a woman spirit. Praise God. Woman does or feminine. Being feminine, feminist doesn't mean that you have to sit back in a corner because you're supposed to be clapping roti or boiling rice or making goulash or something like that. That's part of it. But that doesn't mean that you're to sit back like that. No, you have to go stand by your husband. We have to stand by the word. Amen. We bear the reproach for the word and we protect that that uh uh as proverbs I think proverbs tells you that Ecclesiastes that's woman who's uh is as rare as rubies and people talking in the way about her husband she'll stand there and be able to defend him. Praise God. Hallelujah. And we got to defend the word. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. It's about time you want to get up and stretch. Anybody wants to stretch? Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. You are the sons of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Now, I I just want to share a few more things. I'm not going to take long here, but listen. He says, "Notice here, when they are like that, they move in the spirit." See, they move in the spirit for there's a church that's on the road now. Yes, that church will is on the road now. See, and so they will get so wrapped up in Christ, wrapped up in the Holy Ghost, right? And their thoughts begin to move and they refuse the things of the world. They just move in the spirit, live in the spirit, walk in the spirit. Then the love of Christ begins to fill the human heart. Amen. Moving in the Holy Ghost and that wonderful church, Amen. will go forth with the power of deity and deity because deity will be revealed in human beings. Praise God. Amen. What the manifestation of the book of redemption deity revealing itself in human beings. Praise God. By the Holy Spirit bringing to pass the thought of their mind. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm not going to preach on that, but I'm going to touch on it because the devil use things like that to take people's minds away. They they just think that if they focus, according to certain psychologist, focus on think about something and and and you know, bring to pass the thought of your mind. It's nothing of that that nothing like that whatsoever. The Holy Spirit himself have you in a state where you're walking and maybe you just thought something and the next thing you know there is there is it. Right? This is not you making something up. It's not by human force, human psychology, or or the power of human thought. It's not by might nor by power, but by the spirit of Almighty. Just let go. Relax. Be a Christian. Be happy with your family. Be happy with your husband. Be happy with your wife. Live a blessed life. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord God. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. I'm just touching on a few things here quickly. Uh, brother Danny, that's okay. Praise the name of the Lord. Now, see, um, when he was here recognizing, few recognize him to be the anointed word for that day. How many recognize you are the anointed word for this day? See, oh no, I know him. I know her. Ah, Desmond. I know him. I I know when he was a boy, we used to go to school. We even used to steal people's mangoes off of their trees. How is he going to be a Messiah? I I I know her. She used to do this and say that, whatever. My goodness. You see, that's the same way with the Lord Jesus when Oh, that Joseph's son. I know him. We went to school together. Yeah, we went to school together. But that's the man on the outside. What about the man inside? The man you couldn't see. That's a different man all together. Now remember these things are what are they? It's the display now of his attributes. God's attributes are now going on display. Praise the Lord. They're going on display. God have them. So just the same way other quotes where we say when it comes to the end he's going to pull he's going to take the whole wraps off of the masterpiece. Said an artist working on a piece of art for so many years and when it's almost done he takes the wraps off of it and puts it on display. Amen. And so now the real believer becomes what? They become God's thoughts on display. God's attributes on display. The book of redemption is now open. Hallelujah. Was closed on the throne, opened by the mighty angel. And now it's on display. Broken, revealed, now being made manifest in you and in me as we hold to God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. the display of his attributes taking place. And this is only to be revealed in the last day. Hallelujah. When the seal is broken, broken. Yes. Broken to who? Not to Christ, but to the church, the bride. Hallelujah. Praise God. When it breaks to you when you suddenly wake up, come to yourself and recognize whatever that is. I can't explain it. He didn't ask you to explain it. But something was going to tell you, right? Just like it used to tell me since I was a child. Somehow you I I felt so different. Uh these other boys could break a bottle and stab somebody or break in those days we use slates not computers and they can break that and chop somebody on the head and they have no compunction, no feelings, right? I couldn't do it. Not that I didn't have the courage, but I couldn't do it. It just would be stopped. But you see, God always like that keeping his people. Amen. Praise the Lord. Look, Brother Brandon went up there on the pole about to grab the electric wire to to even commit suicide. Do you know that that you said, "Oh, I'm so depressed." Yeah. Yes. But he was depressed, too. To the point that he was going to commit suicide. And just as he's about to do that, he looked on the ground and his hands reaching out for the wires. The reflection on the ground was the hands of Christ on the nailed to the cross. And he found himself at the bottom of that pole drenched with tears as a son of God. Hallelujah. Listen friends, no matter what you're in, no matter what you're going through, God can bring you out of it. Is that right? The devil might want to hold you in this pawn shop, but he can't keep you in the pawn shop. Because Jesus will bring you out. Amen. He'll bring you out of it. Whatever it is, he'll bring you right out of it. Blessed be the name of the Lord God. Now, notice here um just one minute here. Hallelujah. Yes. He says, now notice the voice of the throne. Praise God. The voice of them seven stars voices. Revelation five, we find out of the throne proceeded lightning, thunders, and voices. Not one voice, but voices. What was it? It was God speaking to the church, reflecting himself through the seven spirits. Seven spirits. the spirits that he gifted to these seven messengers. And in other words, God's light from the throne was reflecting through the seven church messengers. And from the messengers, the light reflected into the church age. Amen. Is that right? And then when the light strikes you and you receive it, you reflect it out into the world. Praise the name of the Lord. So you shine in your little corner and I shine in mine. Praise God. We become the stars of God that were in the morning there in the presence of God giving him glory and praise. Hallelujah. And we're reflecting the same light down here now just like we did when we were up there in the presence of almighty God. Hallelujah. God speaking to his church reflecting himself. You see, for when the true anointed of God speaks, it's the voice of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh my. You see, voices, the voice of the seven church ages, the voices speaking with thunder and lightning, speaking with noise, maybe like this, but with revelation also. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Praise God. Everybody can't be a preacher. Is that right? But you got a voice. I said you got a voice. Each one of us walks with an atmosphere. Do you know that? Each one of us walks with an atmosphere. We walk with a voice. But and you can't preach the people a sermon. Amen. If you're called to the to the pulpit to preach it. You see, you're a preacher. If not, you're still a preacher. But by living the people a sermon, let your sermons be lived. For that is the voice of God that will be reproached to them that will reject the word of God. Your life, the book is right there open for them to read and they reject that, then they are in real trouble. Live your sermons. Don't try to preach them. If you're not called to be a preacher, you'll get mixed up anyhow. You'll get people tangled up, you see, and ruin them, too. See, but the preacher is called to preach. But you live your sermons. Praise God. Think about them voices. We need them voices here today. You believe that? Amen. Back then he said, "Oh, how we need them voices in Jeffersonville here by the thousands." Live live voices of God thundering out in sweetness and in holiness, purity, undefiled lives walking around in the earth. Amen. Praise God. When he spoke on the statue of a perfect man, he says, "What do you think I'm talking about? You think I'm talking about bells on top of a building? No, I'm not talking about bells on a building, but the but I'm talking about gospel bells of holiness and purity. Amen. Men and women called to be kings and priests to God. The high priest used to have some small bells on the bottom of his robe and when he walks it would tinkle and tinkle. Amen. See, so they know they couldn't go in there. But if he went in there and they heard the tinkling, they know he's still alive. When they hear it go quiet, they know he's dead. Oh my. So, we are to walk with that gospel tinkle about us. There's a ring that comes out of a man of God, a son of God, a child of God, a daughter of the living God, living holy, undefiled lives without blemish. real Christians. The devil don't care how loud you can shout or holler. The devil don't care how much you can jump or how much you can dance in the spirit or shout or do this. But what hurts the devil is to see that sanctified holy life consecrated to God. say anything him, call him anything, and he they remain as sweet as they can be and move right on. That is the real thunder that shakes the devil. He doesn't understand it. When you're supposed to lash out, you just said, you just Amen. as a lamb without spot and without blemish. when you're supposed to punch out, you stand up there meek and mild. Praise God. He says, "Now, that that sounds funny, but that is a thunder that shakes the devil. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord God." I'm going to wind this up right now if you don't mind. I don't want to go on any further. Praise God. Hallelujah. He goes on to say, "You can be able to preach better than Oral Roberts. You may be able to even speak better than Billy Graham, but he said that's not it. That's not it whatsoever is to live such a life that those virtues are flowing through you." Hallelujah. And it's not flowing through you uh as you will, right? In other words, you're going to you're going to uh stick feathers on a black bird. All right? I'm I'm sorry, but sticking dove feathers on a black bird doesn't make that bird a dove. Right? Or putting a pig in a sheep pen doesn't turn him into a lamb. Is that right? Uh you so they think by going to church they're going to be changed into being a lamb. It doesn't change you from being a lamb. You see it's the nature is the character and that character if it's not a part of that book right it it can even be right in the atmosphere but it won't do anything to it. But if it's in the right atmosphere and the and the moisture of the word of God uh comes upon it'll come to life. Is that right? Uh I'm leaving out something and I was just reminding about it and about coming back to the tree that was in the garden and I'll touch on it briefly here. Uh to the tree of life that's in Revelation chapter believe uh chap chapter 20. Just one minute. just all winding down Revelation. I have the pages sticking together here. Yes. 22. 22. Yes. Okay. Down the middle of the great street of the city on each side of the river stood the tree of life. Hallelujah. The stood the tree of life was on the banks of that river. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. And where does the river flow from? This this this torrent of revelation comes right from the throne of God and it's flowing right down. Hallelujah. Right from the throne. And here it is that this tree right stood the tree of life. But now this tree is bearing 12 crops of fruit. 12. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Out of it comes the 12 tribes of Israel. Is that right? But then look what it continues to say. And and uh yielding its fruit every month. Amen. How many months in a year? Oh my. So it's 12 apostles now. And those 12 apostles, what happens? They're bearing fruits. Praise God. Hallelujah. Fruits every month of the year. Praise the Lord. And the leaves are for the healing of the nations. Praise God. The book of redemption. What? Wow. The book of redemption. The leaves. Praise God. Go back into Psalms where David said, "Let the leaves of the trees clap their hands." What's the leaves? It's people. Praise God. And he's telling, "Let them clap their hands. Give praise to God." Lift up your hands. Clap your hands all you people. Praise the Lord. Raise your voice in the voice of triumph. Praise the Lord for the healing of the nations. Praise God. Jesus said, "You are the salt of the earth." How many knows that? I think that's Matthew chapter 5. You're the salt of the earth. Well, you know what salt is? Salt is a Wow. You know that salt is a preserver. Salt is a healer. You know that salt is a healer. It's a preserver. Praise the name of the Lord. Uh but you know sometimes to do the preservation and the healing it stings. You know one of the best things if you get a cut and you want that bleeding to stop quick if you can stand this the stinging is to put salt. And if you put salt on that it'll dry up and become hard and crusty very shortly. Amen. So that's what salt is. So that's what we are here for in the world, right? To be the salt and the light, right? And therefore, you are a preserver. They need us in the atmosphere. In the book of Ephesians, it tells us that also that um this hour of I want to find that if I have the scripture here because out of the amplified version in this time of chaos, it tells you how and lawlessness the time of chaos and law. Look, 2 Thessalonians Amplified Version. For the mystery of lawlessness, the hidden principles of rebellion against all constituted authority is now already at work in the world. But it is only restrained by he who restrains if until he be taken out of the way. Is that right? Now you know the word restrain means hinders. Do you know that your presence in the world is what's hindering this whole thing from completely falling apart? Our presence right now in the world is what we are a a torn in the sight of the devil. uh you call him for the rapture, he glad for you to go so he can get control of the you know bringing his antichrist and his superman to take control. He can't wait for us to get out of here. Just like Pharaoh couldn't wait for Israel to go take as much as you want. Is that right? You know, the Bible tells you that when it comes to the end that um uh they're to leave Egypt and when you leave, leave with great substance. Is that right? A lot of people think it's not right for a Christian to be rich or for a Christian to have any money. If you have any money, you're ungodly or you're greedy. But now go back and read your Bible again. He told them go back to those Egyptians and borrow. They have borrow. But it's not borrow. It's demand. Because they work as slaves for all those years. So you asking for your pay. You go back and you asking for your pay. You deserve this. Go back and ask them. And the Bible says they were more than glad to give them all their jewels and all kinds of stuff. And the Bible continues, "And Israel came out of Egypt with great substance." Do you know we are about to leave here again? And we are supposed to leave now with great substance. Right? If you didn't see that in the word and you don't know that, you understand? I I noticed some brothers are not I preached those things years ago but now some brothers are starting to you know when I would tell them things like that back then they say oh no you know we supposed to be contented and well you are supposed to have a contented spirit but contented spirit does doesn't mean that you shouldn't want or need get what you need for yourself and for your family and get enough so you your cup is full and running over. Uh I'm not preaching on I'm just sharing. Your cup should be full and running over so that you have extra excess to give and help. Amen. help missionaries, you know, do this, do that, do the where you going to get it from? If you're just you can't even help yourself, how you going to be able to really help others? So, God wants to give you more substance. God wants to lift you up and bless you. And as his children, we deserve it cuz the devil kept you in slavery for so many years. And it's time that we go out of this place. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. I won't give you all those other scriptures. Amen. I notice that the he told David, he says, "Don't you worry. I'll give you the treasures of darkness." I Hallelujah. Let the sinners heap it up. Is that right? They can heap it up all they want, but I'm going to let them start handing it over to you. Amen. Is that right? I don't mean you're going to walk up to Mr. Buffy and said, "I need you to give me 10 million." No, I'm not talking about that. But I mean of their own accord, out of their own heart. God is going to make them do things of that nature. I just want to give you for no reason at all. Don't even ask ask for it because the hour is now. It's come. Praise the Lord. But don't remember when your cup gets full, which is what a lot of people get themselves in trouble. They start grabbing and and holding on and they don't want to give up. But he says, "No, I'm fulling your cup so it could run over." And then you take what is running over and you give to others. You help other people without favor. Just Just do it. Hallelujah. And be a blessing. Praise the Lord. Be a blessing. Oh, praise God, brother Daniel. I'm going to stop. Praise God. Because I don't want to talk to these people. There so many Christians that curse money on a Sunday and go work like the devil for it on a Monday. God bless you all. Hallelujah. There we go. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. How many enjoyed that? Glory to God. That's what happens when, you know, there's so many years of of wisdom and and experience and, you know, it just flows out of him. So simple, so easy. But let me tell you saints, it's God. It's the Lord giving us strength through the word. The word just comes forth, heals our minds, heals our hearts, gets us back into the place where we need to be. Amen. Praise God forever more. So today, um, we're going to be having our general meeting for, uh, all the tithe paying members. Um but uh I'm going to invite brother Mike to sing a couple of songs and then you're um invited to join us in the foyer. We've got some uh light refreshments. We'd like you to um join and and just have some fellowship for about a half an hour and then we're going to all come back in and we're going to um go into our general meeting that we haven't had one in a while. And so we want to bring you up to date on some of the things that the Lord has led us and directed us to do for um for for this ministry. Amen. And the ministry that he has given us. Praise God. God bless you, brother Mike. So is that lunch that we're having after? Are we having No, it's not lunch. Oh, okay. [Music] just take a few things and if there's leftovers you can go and wild on it but uh it's just a light refreshment for you. Okay. What a word we heard this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Let's all stand. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. [Music] flow through me. Holy Spirit flows through me as I lift my hands to worship and to make me fly. Your name flows through thee. Holy Spirit. [Music] Hallelujah. It's the life behind the name that makes the demons tremble. Oh, it's the life behind the name that makes the proud heart humble. It was God who devised a plan that in all things as a [Music] man he would live to he could give to us the life behind the cross. His life is the life behind the name. that makes the demons tremble. It's the light behind the name that makes the prayer of the Lord. It was God who devised the plan that it all. [Music] [Applause] [Music] It's Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's Jesus on the inside working on the change in my life. Jesus on the inside, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my [Music] life. [Music] Change. Give the Lord a hand clap for for what? For change in your life. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Gabriel to come and just pray uh over to close us and also pray for the the uh uh what did brother Danny call that? Uh refreshments. Yes. Not lunch but refreshments. All right. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for the great things you doing in my life, Lord God. Thank you for my brothers, my sister here. Thank you for the word today. Thank you, Lord Jesus. You are the only true living God who can lead us in guards because without you Lord Jesus you said you cannot make one of the your hair black or white. So thank you Jesus who I know I am a witness of many things being said today. You are the true living God who's keeping us and leading us in every moment of our life. Thank you also bless again the u the meeting today also Jesus bless the drinks whatever we're going to have the food and bless everyone again. Let the spirit of the living God lead us and guide us home safely in Jesus Christ lovely. Remember our precious John Simon and his all his family and our pastor Danny Misili. Thank you Lord Jesus. Blessed be your holy name. Glory to God. God bless you. We'll be back for the tithe paying members of the church. We'll be back in half an hour or so. Okay. So God bless you. Go and enjoy and have some fellowship. Burn Holy Spirit burn in me. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music]
