################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-19 - This Is Love (Part 3) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli - Danny Mazzilli.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-19
Title:   This Is Love (Part 3) - Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Speaker: Danny Mazzilli
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8O_qhS1QuN8
========================================

Description:
Pastor Danny Mazzilli
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you to the Lord. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu Hallelujah to the Lord. Hallelujah. You sing hallelujah. Single. All right. Sing Christ is risen from the dead. Oh, sing Christ is risen from the dead. Sing Christ is risen from the dead. Everybody sing. Christ is rising. Christ is rising. Christ is risen from the dead. [Music] Shallelu Savior. Oh shout hallelujah. Shout hallelujah. Shout hallelujah to the Lord. Sing hallelujah. Oh sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing halleluah to the Lord. Oh sing hallelu. Somebody sing. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Means praise the Lord. We're not too dried up to say praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Especially on a night like this. Is that working out? Bring it up here. It's been resurrected. Praise God. There it is. Amen. Well, how about I was glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me, I was glad when they said unto me, oh, let us go to the cross of the Lord. I'm so [Music] [Applause] [Music] glad. Oh, I [Music] was so glad. So glad. [Music] Turn around and shake somebody's hand and we'll sing it one more time. I was glad I was glad when they said unto me. I was born to unto [Music] me. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Let's get our hands out. [Music] [Applause] [Music] of the lamb. Give him a hand clap of praise this morning, this afternoon, this evening. Praise the Lord. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Amen. I don't know about you, but I feel a lot better now. And I don't know why after I don't even know how many years approaching 30, high 30s, but I get thrilled at that knowing that there's power in the blood that covered my sin. Right. I don't know why. I don't know why that's quickening all over again, but I thank him so much because I know that one day I'll be standing in his presence and he there nobody have nothing to say. Praise God. Except praise the Lord, brother. Come on in. Oh my. Praise God. Don't you love him this evening? Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. All right, we'll uh sing. All I want to do is love him. So glad I feel his love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption on the cross of Calary. And every day my heart will praise him. I know I'll never be the same. All I want to do is love him for one more time. Let's go to prayer. All I want to do is love him. So what I feel is love for me. Jesus paid the price of redemption. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. and everyday life will praise him. I know I'll never be the same. All I want to do is Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Let us bow our our heads and our hearts today, Father. Lord, Lord, so many years ago, Lord, you were hanging there on the cross and a thief looked over and you said, "Lord, remember me." And you looked back and you said, "Today thou shalt be with me in paradise." Oh God, I say today Lord because the sun has risen again. Oh God, you came in this day and with a 20th century prophet Lord and there was a rising of the sun. The word of God was restored back to the bride of Jesus Christ. And today we come together and we assemble ourselves together under that great umbrella of the Holy Ghost. Father, Lord, because the kingdom has come, Lord, through the new birth of the opening of the word of God in this last day, Father, Lord, the attributes of God have come to life. Hallelujah. There's been a resurrection, Lord. And we're not here to to mourn or or to weep, Lord. We're here to celebrate, Father, what you've done for us, oh God. Lord, that you have come now and you're living in flesh again, Father. The word of God is coming into full manifestation in this hour, Lord. Lord, how can we celebrate anything else but that? Because that is your resurrection in the bride of Jesus Christ again today, Father. Lord, and as we gather together today, Lord, let us worship you, Lord, truly with this revelation upon us in spirit and in truth. Father, Lord, just take control of the service, Lord. You said you are the head of the church that you might have the preeminence amongst us. And that's what we want more than anything, Lord, to be lost in you tonight, Father. Not lost in ourselves, not lost in our flesh, not lost in our mistakes, Lord, but lost in you, Lord, tonight, Lord, just to be caught up in the spirit of the living God. Come and move in this service, Lord. Come and fill this place, oh God. I pray, Lord. Come anoint each and every one, Lord, that will have to stand here and and sing the songs of Zion of worship, pointing the people to Christ, Lord. And as your word would come forth tonight, Lord, that you have given to your servant, Lord. Lord, just come and take the word and place it where it needs to be placed in our hearts today, Lord God, so that we may leave here rejoicing, Father. Oh God, I pray if there's any sick, Lord, Lord, your stripes, you have declared and you have spoken it, Father. By my stripes, you are healed. It's not something that that it's going to be done. It's done. It's been spoken. So, let it be spoken, Lord. Let it be done tonight, Lord. All you need is somebody to believe it, Father. All you need is somebody to accept it tonight. And as your word would come forth, you said, "I sent my word and I spoke my word in this day and it went forth and it healed the people. It delivered the people. It set the people free." Lord, we come here tonight to feed to to receive and accept the benefits of Calvary, the this to accept the benefits of the resurrection. Not only 2,000 years ago, but now in this day, thou has risen again, Father. Hallelujah. Glory to your name, Lord. We thank you. We praise you, Lord. Give us your spirit in in measure tonight, Father, that we can truly worship you in spirit and in truth. Bless each and every one, Father, Lord, and just have your way. In Jesus name we ask. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can be seated for a few minutes. Praise God. But it certainly is a privilege in 2025 to be able to come into the house of the Lord and and uh take the Lord's supper and to um just consider yourself a real believer of the word and give him the praise that he deserves. And wow, what a what an honor it is. He came to live to live a perfect life. He came to be the living word our Lord. He came to die so we be record. He came to rise to show his power and might. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down and worship his king. Cuz he gave his [Music] everything. He came to live. He came to live. Oh, live again in us. He came to be our conquering king and friend. He came to heal and show the lost ones his love. He came to go prepare a place for us. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything. That's why we bow down and worship this king. cuz he gave his everything. All right, everybody. Hallelujah. Halle Hallelu H. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Hallelujah. Come on now. Hallelu. That's why we praise him. That's why we sing. That's why we offer him our everything and worship this [Music] king cuz he gave his [Music] everything. Our God reigns. Oh, our God [Music] reigns. Our God [Music] reigns. Everybody hands together. My God reigns. Oh my God reigns. My God [Music] reigns. Let's sing verse two. He had no styly form. He had no majesty that we should [Music] be drawn to him. He was despised and we took no account of him. Yeah, he Oh, yeah. He reigns. Yes, he [Music] reigns. All right, let's sing verse three. Oh, yeah. Out of the tomb he came with grace and majesty. Come on now. He is alive. [Music] Oh our soul. See his hands, his feet, his side. And yes, we [Music] [Applause] know. Yes, we know. Yes, we know. Yes, we know. [Music] [Applause] Oh, our God reigns. Our [Music] God. My God. Oh, my God [Music] reigns. My God reigns. My God reign. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Praise him. I'm so glad he reigns. That means every enemy, every obstacle, everything that comes against me, he's he's the winner. Amen. Praise the Lord. He's still the winner. Amen. I don't know how how defeated you feel. I don't care how defeated you look. He is still the winner. And that makes you a You got it. Gospel simple, you know. Praise God. Have we were you guys singing that special? Oh, they are singing a special. Okay. So, let's sing in in F if you would. And then we'll have It's not just Brother Bill, right? Oh, okay. There's a whole bunch of them coming up here. Bill's going to lead it. But here's a little chorus. The new one that we practice today. Remind me. I sing it praises to his name. I had to remind her. Praise God. Many of you probably know this one already, but uh we haven't sang it. But oh Lord, we just love him. We worship him. We give him the preeminence tonight. And and we're so thankful to him that he has done a great thing in our lives. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord, praises to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, come after the Lord forever. Yeah. For your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing glory. I sing glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. Sing it unto him, would you? I give glory to your name, oh Lord. Glory to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be [Applause] praised. All right, someone Tim liked it. How about you guys? Can you say praise the Lord? Anyhow, sing unto the Lord, friends, with your whole heart. Amen. God [Music] bless. [Music] Blessings. Praise the Lord. I'm given 20 seconds. I don't know if I can do that. But the introduction for this song, the title of it, But uh the characters are two the apostle Peter who Jesus had said flesh and blood didn't reveal himself but his spirit and of course there's the woman at the well of Samaria who he changed her life because he met her inside her spirit woke up. So the name of this song is Calvary for what he did for us. [Music] I said that I would die for him. I really thought I could. But there I was denying him. I never thought I would. I failed the Lord. I let him down after all he's done for me. But now he's walking up a hill, a hill called Calvary. [Music] Calary. Calary. Was it meant for him? Was it meant for me? [Music] Calary. [Music] Calary. Is that my cross? He's taken to [Music] Calary in my sin and told me no in sin no more. Ever since that day I'm not the way I was before. I only came to thank him for the life he gave to me. But there he's going up a hill, a hill called Calary. [Music] Calary. Calary. Wasn't meant for you. Wasn't meant for me. [Music] Calary Calary is that my cross is [Applause] [Music] taking wasn't meant for him. wasn't meant for [Music] me. Calary is that my cross is taking to Calary. that my cross is taking to [Music] Calary. Amen. Yes, it was it was my cross that he was taken to Calvary which uh you know there's a funny thing that a way that people talk in this day. You know, if somebody has if you have a a sports team for instance that you're uh you like and they lose, you'll say, "Oh, we lost yesterday or we won yesterday." To me, it doesn't make sense. But a lot of people talk like that. You know what I mean? They have nothing to do with the team, but they they they talk like they're part of the team. Oh, we did this and we did that. We did this, we did that. Meanwhile, you're just a fan. But I'll tell you one thing we can identify with or we can say we is his victory. Right. Amen. Brother, sister, you have no victory of yourselves. I have no victory in myself, but we have victory in Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And how many are claiming his victory tonight? Otherwise, you know, don't don't take your next breath. Oh, you did. You took your next breath. Claim his victory by the grace of God. And F if you would, would you? Praise God. Let's stand for everyone. Sing this old song. Well, I heard an old story of how a savior came from glory and how he gave his life on Calvary to save like me. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Victory Jesus. [Applause] [Music] is [Applause] redeemed. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, to victory. When I heard about his healing of his cleansing power, how he made the I heard about [Applause] [Music] he Jesus. Oh my [Applause] go Jesus [Music] came victory [Music] Jesus forever. Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] to victory. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. said, "I'm so glad that Jesus set me free." Singing glory, hallelujah, Jesus me. I'm Jesus. I'm Jesus. [Music] And Jesus set me free. Singing glory hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Glory. [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Truly, we have been set free by the word of God in our day. Amen. Praise the Lord Jesus. It's good to see everybody in the house of the Lord this evening. And I see we've got a nice change here. Wow. Praise the Lord. This this feels this feels really good. Lots of uh I think it's I think it's going to make a big difference. Amen. Love the atmosphere. Of course, his presence is what makes everything perfect, right? Amen. Glory to God. God bless you, saints. Thank you very much. Musicians, glory to God. How many are happy to be in the house of the Lord this evening? Amen. Praise our God. We are grateful for this day. I know the world um you know celebrates it in many different ways. um in the Philippines, you know, I I received a a message, an article today from uh Brother John Simon, and uh they're, you know, they're doing things there where they're crucifying people, you know, um trying to uh you know, relive thinking that they need to uh experience the crucifixion again. God bless you, brother Chris. It's good to see you in the house of the Lord. Amen. And uh and you know such a such a shame that they have not realized the great victory that was produced 2,000 years ago on Good Friday. Amen. And it was our victory. It was truly our victory, saints. And uh wow, the world is just um in turmoil. They don't realize how how great God is. How wonderful his spirit is available in this day and in this hour to bring healing, deliverance, to set people free. And yet they want to go and suffer when he suffered once for our sin. Amen. Praise God. Amen. And so let's go to the word of God this evening. Um we are going to be going to the Lord's supper. We're just going to speak shortly and uh we're going to let the Holy Spirit just uh minister to our hearts um to bring us into the reality of what what truly Good Friday and this Easter season is all about. Amen. We know we know what it's all about. We've been given clarity by the word of God to know what it's all about, saints. And so we can rejoice in the word of God. Amen. Praise God. And so, we're going to continue. We've been on a series, This is Love. I don't, you know, I I believe there's nothing greater that the Lord could have done. There's nothing greater that anybody could ever do than to lay their life down for someone else. And we know that uh the Lord had a great plan in his heart that he had a desire to lay down his life for a purpose. And that's what we want to look at this evening. We'll read from our scripture 1 John 3:16. It says, "Hereby perceive we the love of God because he laid down his life for us and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren." Amen. Amen. Let us pray. Father, thank you, Lord. What a tremendous opportunity that we have, Lord, to minister your word tonight and to be assembled with brethren of like precious faith, especially the faith that you've made available in these last days and especially in this hour, oh God, to the true church, to the church that have been awakened by the word of God in this day, Lord. And it brings an atmosphere. It brings your presence to the to the services. Lord, you're pleased when we tap into your thoughts and the things that you are doing, Lord, right now in the midst of a a world that's falling apart, but yet there is a a wonderful love that's being uh penetrated into the hearts of your children. And it is attracting them to a love and to a a a a relationship that that words cannot uh put you can't put words on it. Lord, this relationship that you've given us, it's something that we did not try to bring about. We had no idea that you would come to us at an appointed time, Lord. That that the word would awaken something within us that we didn't even know was there. Lord, we were we were lost in sin. We were sinners. But while we were yet sinners, you loved us and you gave us life, Lord. And so tonight, Lord, as we as we go into the depths of your word, Lord, may your anointing just come and Lord open hearts and deliver and set free. Lord, may may there be a reality tonight, Lord, as the word goes forth that it will change lives, Lord. It'll it'll make uh such a difference Lord that they will leave here Lord saying our heart my my heart burned within me as the word and as we we we talked and fellowshipped with you Lord grant it we pray father take absolute control of this vessel now in the name of Jesus Christ for your glory. Amen and amen. Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Saints, this is love. This is love. You can go to the next slide. God's great plan, God's tremendous desire to be in fellowship with his sons and daughters, with his attributes, God's great plan of love. This is what this is all about. This is why we are here tonight because God had a desire to have fellowship with attributes that were within himself. It's it's like you can say it this way, you know, God God desired to have fellowship with himself. But the only way that he could do that was to express himself into other beings, into his own image, to express himself into individuals whereby he could have fellowship and and and make love in a way that that goes so much beyond the the the the carnality of what love is in this world that we live in right now. Amen. It was a tremendous plan and it all started back in the garden of Eden where he desired to express himself and he did when he expressed himself in Adam and in Adam was was his attribute of male and female and he desired that that that that they would be uh um you know in in this earthly existence of of no space and no time where they could just continue to speak the word and express sons and daughters to come into a great relationship and fellowship. That's why Job, you know, you hear Job saying, "Where were you when the sons of God rejoiced together before the foundations of the world? This was his great plan. This was his great desire." But then entered in the deceiver, entered in Satan, came into the garden. And now you know Adam's wife Eve actually her name was not even Eve her name was Adam. And when she was approached by that by that great deceiver to uh you know to deceive her into the adultery because that's what really took place in the Garden of Eden. That's why it's it's the one thing that destroys it's it's one of the greatest things that that's destroying families in this day that we're living in right now. People want to satiate an apple. How could how could eating an apple open conscious realization? It wasn't an apple. It was it was it was an adultery. Satan injected him his him his seed into Eve. And that's why Adam called her from that moment when when when the when the when the children were born, he realized that there had been an adultery. And and and he called her name Eve, the mother of all living. And because of that sin, death entered in to the human race. Death entered into the world. God's plan was kind of temporarily put into a into a a a suspended animation, if you want to call it. It was just placed. But God God wasn't finished. God knew exactly what was going on. He knew what he still had a desire to do. He wanted he still wanted that plan to be fulfilled and there was nothing that was going to stop him. And that's why he had the great plan of of coming to the earth making the sacrifice to redeem his wife to bring her back to that perfect state back into himself where they could become one again. Amen. And that's why we're here tonight talking about Good Friday. Hallelujah. We could elaborate a lot more on that whole plan, but maybe we'll we'll get a little bit more on Sunday. But here, you know, Adam's first bride fell and brought death to every human being. So Jesus Christ, the second Adam, the Bible says, the quickening spirit, the one that would come and and quicken every son and daughter of God, every attribute of God back to their original position as sons and daughters of God. you came into this human flesh, it's temporary. It's a temporary habitation. Amen. But when the word of God was was uh was came over you and brooded over your life, not just you know church uh um tradition, not just being in a church, no where the spirit of God himself came to you personally and started to brood over your life and started to you know awaken you to to him to his love. That's what that's what is called the new birth. That's what brings about a change in your life that you you'll never be the same again. Amen. And this is what it was all about. This is why Calvary had to come. Amen. So that he could come and and take the place. Let's read Romans chapter 6 verses 3 to8. It says here, "Know ye not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? that when he came on that day on that Good Friday when he went to the cross and he he was nailed to the cross you were nailed to the cross in him because you were always in his mind. You were always a part of his desire. There was no way that he there was no way that you could be lost because you were already in him. Amen. He just he just needed to go and and fulfill the the the his word, his own word that he said that if a man's sins, a man must die. And so when he went to Calvary and died for every sin, all your sin went and got pinned right to that cross. And that's why today you can you can claim the victory that comes from from that day on Calvary. Amen. Therefore, we are buried with him by baptism into death. So when you know that's why when when somebody is baptized in water, they're baptized and their old life gets buried, right? It gets left buried in the water, if you want to call it, because going underwater, it's like going into the earth. It's death. And when you rise up, you rise up new. It says that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. So that when you come out of that baptismal tank, you come out, you've got a brand new life. Your whole life has been complete. That's that's the born again experience. If the reality has taken place on the inside, that's when you go to the water. Remember, you could go to the anybody can go to water and be baptized. But it's one thing to be baptized uh just by going to the water coming going in a a wet a dry sinner coming out a a wet sinner. But it's another thing if God has awakened within you to realize that that you were that that you needed to be cleansed of this old nature. You need to be born again. You need to leave that old life and you need to bury it. Then that changes everything. When that happens first, you'll run to the water. Amen. Amen. Praise God. For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall also be also in the likeness of his resurrection. Amen. Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is freed from sin. If you've truly been born again and your life has been buried in Christ, then there is no more sin in you. You're justified as though you never done it in the first place. Now, if we be dead with Christ, we believe that we shall also live with Christ. Amen. Praise God. Listen here. Let's read the quote here from God hiding himself in simplicity. He says, 'Now, we're here on Good Friday and the world today in the Catholic denominations and in many different other denominations, they crawl up the steps and oh, so many different ways that we make traditions and rub bones. And there's some 19 absolutely proven nails that they took out of the hands of Jesus. They claim each church has got one. And what difference does it make whether it's it's the nail or whether it's the cloak or whether it is what we have the Holy Spirit. Amen. That's what Christ left to the church. Not some coat, some piece of the cross, some nail or something. He left us a memorial. And that was the Holy Spirit that he left for the church. Now, now that was what he left to the church. 1900 years ago this afternoon as he died at Calvary, he commended into the hands of God his spirit and it was sent back to the church on the day of Pentecost. Hallelujah. That's what Calvary did for you and me. Hallelujah. When he was there on the cross and he said, "Into thine hands I commit my spirit," he said, "it is finished." When when God says it is finished, sin is finished, unbelief is finished, all the all the the the chains of guilt and shame, all the things that you want to carry, that's your choice. You choose to carry those burdens of sin. You carry you choose to carry those burdens of of, you know, uh scars from the past. That's right. You can be set free from those scars because he said it's finished. I give you my spirit. And my spirit is is life. It is life abundant. Amen. You don't need to stay in that condition. You don't need to stay under that mental oppression. You need to know that he to Listen, if there was anybody that that felt mental oppression, it was Jesus Christ. Amen. He had to deal with the mockery and the shame and the and the and he was bruised. He was he was he was uh he was bruised and and and whipped and and mocked and spit upon and and you want to talk about shame. But he took it all to the cross for you and me. So why do we remain in shame? It's because we have not accepted the blood of Jesus Christ, which is his spirit. We've not allowed him to come and take control and say, "Lord, I give you my life." Like we read in the scripture, if he could lay down his life, why can't we lay down our lives for one another? When that you what that scripture says for one another, it's for those that are still got to come in for our brethren. Because all that the father hath given me, they will come. Amen. Every last one of them's got to come. But it's going to take you to surrender yourself and allow your life to exp to to express the resurrection of Jesus Christ to show that you are the very evidence of his resurrection. That you're the very reason of his death and resurrection. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. And so we don't need to live in shame anymore. Absolutely not. Listen here on from that message that day on Calvary. You know, Brother Tim sent me this uh uh text this morning. He shared this quote with me and I said, I like that. He says, "Now there there's where we lose our position. If we don't watch, we try to look back to what he was. And as long as we look back to what he was, the sacrifice means nothing to us. We can't be going into, oh, happy Good Friday. Oh, good Friday. Blessings to you. Oh, yes. Oh, we, you know, they were they were sacrificing for the last 40 days. They were giving up certain things, you know, out of tradition, not out of a reality of that that he's here now, you know, but you know, he says, but as long as we look back to what he was, the sacrifice means nothing to us. Oh, can't you see it, church? Amen. The congregation says, I would I would not try the job. I can't, and neither can you. There's no need of trying. you're lost to begin with as long as you look to what you've done. But don't look to what what uh as long as you look to what you've done. Look what that day on Calvary did to you. It paid your price. It settled the questions. Your sins be as scarlet. They are as white as snow. Red like crimson, white like wool. then you have no sin. You are perfectly sinless. No matter what you done, now pay attention here. No matter what you done or what you do, oh my glory to God. You don't got a desire to sin. You don't have that desire to go out there and and commit adultery. Those are the spirits and the and the lusts of this world. There you you can't help it. You walk out there and there's there's there's women half naked, you know, walking around. A man can't help himself. He's he's got eyes in in his head. Sure, you you're going to see it. and and the enemy is going to try to put lust into your mind and and you're gonna, you know, and but sometimes we need to understand that this thing here, this thing here, it's your enemy. It's your enemy because it constantly wants to to it's got the nature of the serpent seed. Remember what happened back in the garden in the beginning? Satan injected his nature. when he injected that seed. That's why when the first two children were born, Cain goes and kills his brother, it was a wicked spirit. It's a spirit of lust. It's a it's it's lust of the flesh, lust of the eyes, the pride of life, all of those things. And we get caught sometimes. And that's why he says here, he says, "Then you have no sin." He says, "No matter what you've done or what you do, you're still sinless." Amen. You're going to make mistakes. Repent. And come back to the word of God. Amen. Praise God. Don't stay in that sin. Satan's just sitting there laughing at you, keeping you in a condition because he's got you in a mental condition. And that's why mental health is is the biggest problem that's taking place right now all across the world because Satan has got his ability now that that that he's fully connected when somebody's got a phone in their hand. They go on to uh media, Instagram, they will get fed exactly where wherever their interests are. So if they're having mental health issues, you know what they do? They connect with other people that have health mental health issues and all of a sudden they start to share to one another things that they think are going to help one another to get themselves out of that mental health issue. Yeah, it's a trap. It's a trap. You need to go to the one who can who can take it and place it into the sea of your forgetful of his forgetfulness and your he can wipe it from you. Amen. completely set you free. Amen. No matter what you've done, glory to God. As long as you've accepted Jesus Christ as your savior, savior, your sins are forgiven. Anything is forgiven is remitted and forgot about. Then what does it do? It gives you after that condition, his spirit to follow him and to do as he did for others. who is following on. Do you see now how that scripture how how how you now become a channel of the voice of God by the spirit of God to go and minister to others to share your testimony to see others get set free to allow people to really come into the true meaning of Calvary. Amen. Praise God. for others who is following on. He was just one man, the perfect man. He gave his life and he made an example for you. Now you now what must you do? Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. In Galatians 2:20 it says, "I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live but not I. But Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh, I live by revelation. Amen. By faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. Amen. We've been crucified with him. And if we've been crucified with him and we've accepted what he did for us, then we are sinless. We are washed. We are cleansed. We are spotless. We are the sons and daughters of God that can start a brand new life from right now. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Let's go to our next scripture. St. John 14:16. And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another comforter, that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more. This was just before he went to Calvary. But you see me because I live, you shall live. He didn't go to die. He went to be resurrected. He went to go and be resurrected so that his spirit could come back down on you and me. That's why Jesus, he was telling his disciples, he was there with them saying, "Hey, listen. I got to go." And they were all sad. I can imagine they were all kind of h why you know how's this going to happen? He says don't worry I'll not leave you comfortless. You might be in a condition right now but I want you to know there's a comforter. There's a comforter that can come and and and take you out of that condition. Amen. And liberate you free from the from the condition that that you are in right now. Amen. Glory to God. I'll not leave you comfortless. I'll be with you even in you now. He says here that um in uh Christ the mystery of God revealed go to the next slide there. Yep. It's not expressions of some church that we should express something. Now what he's meaning here it's not by traditions or doctrines of man or some church system. No, it's a life that you don't live yourself, but he comes in you and lives by himself. It's not by, oh, we're going to build a beautiful church. We're going to design all these classrooms. We're gonna we're gonna design all these different programs and we're gonna get people to come into the church and we're gonna we're gonna have altar calls and we're going to bring the Listen, we're way down the road, saints. We're way down the road. This is Christ now. He's finishing up the work. This is where he's bringing his bride into perfection because there's going to be a rapture. You may not have heard of it, but there's going to be a rapture. The rapture is the body change. It's the it's the dimensional change. They're they're already breaking into all kinds of things with science where they're they're they're they're teleporting things and they're tell, you know, they're they're trying to tap in. But you need to understand as we see science grow and become smarter and develop into these higher, it's because the word is moving into those heights, too. Yeah, before they even get there, the word was already done. It was finished a long time ago. But we've got to go through this process in order to bring the last one in. Amen. God's looking for that last one that's going to be quickened into the body of Christ. Amen. That's why we become his his voice. We become his feet. We become the the the the church, the the true church. So here he says it's not some program that we should try to express but it's the life that you don't live yourself but he comes in you and lives by himself and you become a prisoner to any human intellectual being at all. You don't put any kind of you know understanding on this your own understanding. You're not to lean upon your own understanding. You're to allow the spirit of God to possess you. And you're to yield yourself and allow his spirit to take control and be led by the spirit. That's why he says, "You're led by the spirit." Amen. Praise God. And so here he goes. And now we'll go to the next quote here. He says it in the rising of the sun as Christ was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth. Although typed in many places, he was the first fruits of those that slept. Amen. So God was showing through Christ that there would be a resurrection, that there is a heaven, that there is an eternal life. Yes, he proved it by his resurrection and was seen even in some of the saints of old, those that were in the Old Testament that were waiting on Jesus to come and open the prison doors and to let them out. They were witnessed in Jerusalem on the the at the time of the resurrection. Amen. He was the first fruits of those that slept in the bride coming of Christ. Now we're coming into our day. Coming out of the church, there'll have to be a sheath waved again in the last days. We're going to see the the the same process that that that Jesus did in his first resurrection. There will be a repeat of that in the bride church calling for the resurrection of the church. There had to be a wave sheath that would have to come in our dispensation in order to come to maturity to show that that bride could come into the very image of Christ. do the the same things that he did to ex to do greater. He says greater than this shall you do when when because there would be more of himself being expressed. And in and in 1933 to 1965, a man by the name of William Marryiam Branham was the seventh church age messenger to the gentile church. and his message was to come and to restore the word back to the original faith so that all the confusion of the churches, how do you know which church to go to? You've got thousands of different denominations out there. So God, just like when Jesus came to the earth, it was the same problem. They had the Sadducees. They had the Pharisees. They had all these different sects. But they all could not recognize when the word was made flesh standing before them. They said, "Crucify him." They've done the same thing today. They have to repeat it. They got to crucify the word again. Praise God. But the so so here now William Brham comes on the scene and he comes to the he's the first one to come to maturity of the end time church the bride church the the the actual church that was going to be the church that would be raptured there's a lot of churches denominations out there talking about rapture talking about the resurrection the second resurrection the second coming of the Lord they've missed the second coming of the Lord Lord, he's already come. He came in 1963. When when that when that when the when the earthly angel William Branham, who was on the earth at the time, went to Sunset Mountain and those seven angels appeared, they came right out of that other dimension and appeared to him and said, "Go back to Jeffersonville. It's time for the opening of those seven seals." Because those seven seals contained the names of every single son and daughter of God that would have to be called in this time. It contained the names of the church. That would be called. How do you know that you're a part of that church? When you hear that message. When those seals get a hold of you. When all of a sudden you get caught. God sent a prophet. I remember God didn't pull me in by that. God drew me in by his love. God per when I realized I was a sinner and I needed to be cleansed. I I needed to go to the waters of baptism. I went to those waters of B. It wasn't for months later that God opened my understanding because he said, "I'll send you the comforter which is the Holy Ghost." And that's what happens when you repent and receive Christ and and and and repent and and receive the Holy Ghost. It's the comforter. And he said, "He will guide you into all truth." So with the Holy Ghost, there was nowhere else that I could go but to the truth because I was being led by the spirit. And that's exactly what'll happen to every son and daughter of God. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He doesn't change. You'll see a new birth. you'll know that it's a real birth. Because it'll take them right to the word. Hallelujah. And then when they see Malachi 4, that that behold, I send unto you Elijah the prophet, they're going to do their research and they're going to see it as plain as day. It's right there in the scripture. And then they're going to see the opening of those seven seals and how important they were. That's why we're preaching tonight. That's why we've got a message. We'd have nothing. We'd be just another lodge if we didn't have those seals. We'd just be another church, just another church on a corner saying, "Oh, well, you know, I'd like to bring my children to church and put them into Sunday school, and you know, I think it's a good idea." Sure, it's a good idea. You want to train up your children in the way of the Lord, but God is looking for his attributes because we're at the end time. This is when the rapture is going to go. God's interested in bringing his elect, bringing them into that capstone because that capstone is the only ship that's going to go. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And so, William Branham, the seventh messenger of the seven church ages. And even you can you can do a study on on the seven church ages and you'll see that Martin Luther uh yeah, Martin Luther was one of the um messengers. Then you'll see John Wesley was one of the messengers. You can go back and see Iranius. And you know who the first messenger was? The apostle Paul. He was to the first church age to the Ephesian church age. Amen. Praise God. And the last church age messenger to the Leodysian church age. Read it in Revelations chapter 3. The Leodysian church age. The messenger was William Miriam Branham. Go do a study on him. You will come to realize that it wasn't it's not just some teaching or some it's from the word. Take the Bible, put it here. Take your Google, put it there, and then do your research and start to see if the word doesn't line up with the word. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. All that he said. That's why we use his quotes is because he was the first wave sheath that came into a a a divine revelation where the spirit of God possessed him. And that's why it's called the voice of God. He was not God. But he was an attribute of God. Yeah. And then as we go as we as we mature, then you can then you can say he's God. But not in the way that you could say he's God because I'm going to say the same thing about you. Because if the spirit of of Christ is in you and you've received his spirit and he says on that day he shall know that I am in the father ye in me and I in you. How can God have fellowship with anything other than God? You're just a a a messiah. You're you're you know, listen, I I'm a father. I bring forth children. They come forth from me. They're my children. So, human beings bring forth human beings. Well, when Adam was in the garden, all he had to do was look at Eve and say, just like the angel went to Mary, Just like the angel went to Mary and said, "Mary, you're blessed. You're blessed amongst all women because you're going to be the choice that God is going to express this great plan of redemption through. He's going to show that that there's a faith in you that you're going to be able to receive his word in your body and you're going to bring forth Emmanuel. You're going to bring forth God." She had nothing to do with the egg. She had nothing to do with the seed. It was just God. And Adam, all he had to do was go and say, "Eve, you are so beautiful. Bring forth Jennifer because Danny is waiting for her." Glory to God. Hallelujah. That's your new birth. That's why you can't identify with the churches anymore. You know you're a speckled bird. You know that you're different. Why? Because you're a supernatural bornagain attribute of God that's been birthed by the word, not by a natural birth anymore. The the natural birth dies. It gets buried. It gets left behind. That's why when we go in the rapture, we're going to be changed in a moment and in the twinkling of an eye. Hallelujah. So, William Brandham came to that full maturity as the first wave sheath to the bride church. Amen. Amen. And that's why we are we are the the ones now that are that are coming into that fullness of the word recognizing that we are the ones that were literally being called through the message and through the opening of those seals. There's too much to try and get into all of that. Amen. But here he says, he says in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there'll have to be a a sheath waved again in the last days. Oh my waving of the sheath. What was the sheath? The first one that come to mature. The first one that provided it was a wheat that proved it was a sheath. Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. It was waved over the people. Go to the next slide. He continues, "And the first time there will come forth for the bride age, for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism, will be a message." This message, this message, this message is the message that calls a church, a bride, out of the church. It's not out of the world. It's now a church out of the church and it's and it's honing down where to now, you know, it's it's not it's not out of the Pentecostals. If there are attributes of God still left in there and they hear this message, they're going to come because that see Jesus said, "My sheep hear my voice. No other will they follow. They you won't be able to help it. Trust me when it happens you that voice that word that o that that that inspiration that'll come on you you will not be able to to go anywhere else. You you you eagles they eat fresh food and the only thing that will satisfy you as a son or daughter of God will be fresh revelation coming directly from God to you directly personal personal. Amen. He says the first time he says for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism because back in in 1965 the denominations were just starting to flourish like crazy especially the Pentecostal denominations. But a message is going to come out of that that will that that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power back to Christ in the fullness of the word and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did back there. He says, "Because I live, you live also." Speaking to his wife, Hallelujah. Because I live, you live also. What a resurrection that was. And what a resurrection this is. To be quickened from the dead to be made alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. We're winding down now. Amen. So we are the carriers of the victory of Good Friday. Good Friday was victory day. Don't you be going and getting all, you know, trying to relive the suffering and everything else. It's enough that you're suffering and you're dealing with the reproach that comes with with with with standing on this word, having the courage and the confidence to be able to stand on this word and say, "I believe that the word has progressed and I'm in I'm I'm under the present truth of the ministry of Jesus Christ." Amen. It's enough to have to deal with that and the oppression that you go through every single day when the enemy tries to fight you and and the battles that you've got to deal with every day. Those great battles in your mind. Amen. But see it for what it really is. That it's about the resurrection and it's about the power of the Holy Ghost that's been made available to us to overcome anything that comes our way. Because for the enemy to get to to us, he's got to get through Jesus Christ, the spirit of God that's in you. He's got to get through that. And he'll never do it. It's impossible. He'd have to be born again to get into that place. You're sealed into that capstone of love. His love has sealed you in. And there's nothing that can can seal you out. He, the scripture says, "Grieve not the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit, whereby you are sealed until the day of your rapture." You're sealed until that day. Don't worry about the enemy. Just do what you know you're supposed to do. Live for Christ. Amen. Glory to God. He says here, listen, um, uh, you know, he says, "Oh, if I could get the world to see that, why, there you are. There is the body of Christ living, standing, redeemed, redeemed. Oh my, justified in his sight. Why are we justified? We are his victory. The church is his victory. We come forth in this last days with this glorious gospel showing his victory. He died for this purpose and we are proof of his victory. It's victory day, saints. Amen. When we see his when we see him coming down and living among the church, that's his victory. Shows that he couldn't be kept in the grave. Neither can they keep us. Oh no, sir. You're not going to convert a an attribute of God. It's like trying to convert God himself. You're not going to do it. How can the creation tell the creator how it's going to be? It ain't going to work. Amen. Glory to God. That's right. Amen. He says, he says, uh, and we're already potentially risen because we've raised from the dead unbelief of his word, from denominational creeds and so forth to an eternal word of the eternal God, which is him, himself, working through us, manifesting himself, that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Hallelujah. Notice the vindicated word in his body is the very victory and the reason for his death. the very evidence that we're standing here and we're preaching this message, this revelation that he's come to redeem and to and to take back his his bride, to redeem his bride out of this church mess, all the mess that's going on in the churches in this age right now. That's the very evidence of his victory that we can that we can stand here and and preach the word for our day and for for this hour. Amen. Notice the very message of the gospel itself is to prove to the people that he is risen. That's the purpose of this message of this hour. Amen. God, go tell my disciples that I am risen from the dead and I'll meet with them to confirm this to them. Oh God, how in this last day there shall be light again across the earth and I'll prove to my disciples, go tell them that I'm not dead. You need to tell the people, listen, oh Jesus died today. No, he's risen. He's not dead. He's alive. And I'm the very evidence that he's alive. Amen. Because because I am a I am a living Christ. I'll meet them. Take this message to my disciples and I am risen from the dead. The gospel good news. Amen. Hebrews 13:8. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we, his beneficiaries, are to prove his life is in us now. Amen. He uh the beneficiaries of his life, the life there never was a life lived like it. He was the son of God and he died and that shut it out. And when he raised again from the dead on Easter morning, then we as his servants are commissioned by him to go into all the world and bring the good news to every person that he is alive. Glory to God. And how can you do it? By the word only. For it is written, the gospel came not by word only, but through the power of the manifestation of the Holy Spirit to prove he is alive. Amen. And our last scripture is Ephesians chapter 2. Saints, this is by the grace of God. We are saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is God's gift to you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Receive the gift of the resurrection. Amen. At this time, we're going to change the order of the service. Glory to God. Let the deacons ah okay, brother Christopher. Amen. Praise God. Let us pray then. Let us as we change the order of the service. Father Lord, you are a living God. You're present among us tonight. Lord, my heart burns within me. Oh God, I know that this is real. There's nothing more real than this word that you've provided that you yourself will interpret. You yourself will vindicate in the lives of your children. You will prove to this world that there is a people that have benefited and have recognized the resurrection and that it is their victory. It's their victory cry. Oh God, thank you Lord Jesus for allowing us, Lord, the the grace to to to just be one of those that you held in your hand, Lord. You said, "Not one of them will be lost." You wrote their names in the Lamb's Book of Life from before the foundations of the world. It wasn't even It wasn't even here, Lord. It wasn't because we we repented or it was wasn't because we came to an altar call. It was because of a supernatural call. It was because you saw every son In John 6 verse 32-35 it says then Jesus said unto them verily verily I say unto you Moses gave you not that bread from heaven but my father giveth you the true bread from heaven for the bread of God is he which cometh down from heaven and giveth life unto the world. Then said they unto him, Lord, ever more give us this bread. And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. Glory to God. Amen. In 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse 17 it says, "For we being many are one bread." Saints, "The Lord's supper means something completely different to me more than ever. This Lord's supper means something completely so much more. We are we are a part of him." He said, "I am that bread of life." And now here he says, "For we being many are one bread and one body, for we are all partakers of that one bread because we are the body of Christ. This Lord's supper should mean more to you after knowing that that his resurrection and his spirit by him giving his life to you, you become a part of him." And when we feed on the one bread, we're feeding on the body of Christ. We're edifying. We're nourishing. We're we're we're drinking the wine together by by the stimulation of the revelation that he's given us in his word. We are partakers of that wine because it is his spirit. It's not literal wine. This wine is not the literal blood of Jesus Christ. Remember, we're doing this in remembrance, but it's more than remembrance. Now, I don't know about you, but this is a reality. This is more than just remembering him. This is him in our midst and we're partaking of that one body which is his body and we become a part of that body and we edify, we nourish, we strengthen one another. This is when a family comes together and has supper together. When Jesus was there with them, he was fellowshipping with them. He was talking with them. He was letting them know that that that he would be doing this again with them. And we're already partaking of that time because you've already been resurrected. You've been called out of the world. The Bible the the Bible says that one will be taken, one will be left. Well, it's already happening. Families that you know because God doesn't call families. God calls his sons and his daughters. God doesn't call grandchildren. He doesn't have grandchildren. He's got sons and daughters. And that's why it, you know, we bear the reproach for this word. Just like the disciples bore the reproach for the word when they walked with him. Amen. Glory to God. In 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verse1 17 it says and when he had given thanks he broke it and said take eat this is my body which is broken for you do this do in remembrance of me. Tim would you pray for the bread? for the bread of life. Lord, we hold in our hands here, Father, natural bread, Lord, that we pray that you would bless and sanctify. But even greater than that, Lord, the bread of life, Father. Lord, every day we eat the bread of life, the word of God. Today we have listened and we have fed off of your body, Lord, the word of God, Lord. Every single day you allow us to feed off of that word of God, Lord, and we become one with that word, Lord. Tonight we are so grateful, Lord, that that body was bruised, was striped, Lord God, was buried, and rose again for our justification, Lord. Lord, that we can come every day and receive revelation from that word of God. Lord, that is changing and transforming us. Lord, we are not creatures of this earth. We are eternal, Father, because of the word of God. So, we pray as each and everyone would take this natural bread. Father, may the revelation of the word of God open up into the hearts, Lord. And if there be any seed of God that has not been awakened, Lord, may it come alive, Father. Lord, we just commit this into your hands now. And each one heal, set free, and deliver, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Praise God. And after the same manner also he took the cup and when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood." It's a new covenant. Testament is a covenant. It's a brand new covenant. He's he's he's restored all things. This do ye as often as ye drink it in remembrance of me. Chris, would you pray for the wine? Oh gracious, dear loving heavenly father, thank you Lord for this time Lord that we can spend as a family in communion Lord. Father Lord we thank you Lord for this wine which represent your shed blood Lord say without the shedding of blood there is no remission for sin Lord. And I thank you, Lord, that we have experienced your forgiveness, Lord. Father, what you did 2,000 years ago, Lord, Father, we can experience that same thing right now, Lord. Father, may Oh God, as this wine, Lord, has a natural effect of stimulation, Lord. Oh God, which represents revelation, Lord, Father, may the stimulation of your revelation, Lord, go deep within our souls, Lord Father. Lord, and may it, oh God, continue, Lord, to pour out amongst us, Lord, Father, the evidence of your revelation, Lord, Father. I ask Lord that you bless this wine, sanctify it as we partake, Lord, Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise God. This time we will ask the brothers, get some other deacons and start distributing the bread and the wine at the same time quickly. And they can put on some music, please. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I trust that you've examined your heart. You said, "Lord, if there's anything in me, the blood of Christ, I claim it. Make me whole." Because we want to take the Lord's supper with a sincere heart, understanding, and right relationship with the Lord. This is not a tradition. This is not some supernatural It's just bread and this is just wine. But the relationship is spiritual. It's supernatural. And that is what pleases the Lord is that faith that you have in your heart for him. Let's partake of the bread and the wine together. I don't know about you, but I was I was picturing myself right there at the supper table with the Lord. just having fellowship with the family of God, partaking of the bread and the wine together as they did over and over again together. It was a love relationship. Truly remarkable, saints. And we can experience that same relationship today with one another in the body of Christ. At this time, we're going to be um going to the foot washing. And um I just wanted to uh share a few thoughts for the sisters in the way that we do the footwashing here in the sanctuary. I just share it in the way that we do it that maybe it'll help you to um go through the process uh simplified. Amen. And what we do is, you know, we set up a few buckets, usually around three or four, and you choose a partner as the Lord would lead you or somebody might come to you and just know that you're in the body together. Don't be looking for oh this one or that one or you know just let the spirit stay under that anointing and allow the Holy Spirit to just lead you to that individual lead to each other and then wash each other's feet. So then what would happen is you would sit down and the sister that's praying and washing the sister's feet will pray for that sister. the other sisters that are not being washed and have not yet because there's only so many buckets, go over, lay hands on the sister that's being prayed for and pray with the one that's praying for her and keep it within a minute to two minutes maximum. You don't have to be sitting there and praying about their whole life from when they were born until they leave in the rapture. just pray for them that the Lord will bless them and prosper them and and you know uh uh just provide whatever is in their heart and and sincerely pray for them quickly and within a minute to a you know to a minute and a half you should be done and and then just move through it through prayers quickly and you you it should not take long. You should be praying for another sister, not standing and having fellowship and causing any kind of a distraction. You need to be all together in an atmosphere of prayer. We are a family and we pray one for the other. Amen. Praise God. Is that clear? All right. So, at this time, we're going to have a closing word of prayer. I'm gonna ask brother Christopher to close us in prayer tonight and then after we're done with the foot washing everybody, you are dismissed to go. Let's bow our heads. Let's just bow our hearts. Gracious dear loving kind heavenly father just thank you Lord for this time Lord that was spent in your presence Lord Father Lord just reminding us of what you did for us even before the foundations of the world Lord Father and we thank you Lord that you have shed your blood for us paid the penalty and price, Lord, to bring us back into fellowship with you in true love and in harmony, Lord. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the saints gathered here today, Lord. Father, even those that are online, Lord, if there be anyone that needs a touch from you, Lord, Father, Lord, you said when you said it's finished, Lord, Father, you paid the price for every single thing that we have need of in this walk in life, Lord, in this earth, Lord. Whether it be healing, Lord, Father, salvation for the soul, Lord, Father, may be, oh God, some financial need, Lord, Father. Oh God, may you minister to them tonight, Lord, Father, and let it be done, Lord, according to your great plan and purpose for each individual, Lord. Lord, as we, oh God, just continue to remember you, Lord. Father, may your spirit go with us, Lord, and bring us back again, Lord, and even on Sunday, Lord, rejoicing and thanking you, Lord, for all your many, many blessings, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus, we commit each individual here into your tender loving care as we, oh God, depart from this building, but not from your presence. Lord let your love continue to flow amongst us. This we ask in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Dismissed.
