################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - The Capstone Has Come Down, Christ Is The Head Of The Church (The Power Of Tradition - Part 10) - Tim Beers.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-17
Title:    The Capstone Has Come Down, Christ Is The Head Of The Church (The Power Of Tradition - Part 10)
Speaker:  Tim Beers
Church:   Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkNdMlNTTeM
========================================

Description:
Minister Tim Beers
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] The love of God is greater than tongue open. And every day it goes beyond the high star and reaches to the lowest. A guilty man bound on with care. God gave his son to the way his child. He recent. [Music] [Music] Oh love of [Music] God, how rich and pure, how [Music] measureless and strong. It shine forever for more endure the [Music] s could be with the ocean f and were the skies. A watchment made for every star on earth aquif. [Music] The fall rainy old shine bright nor could [Music] grow a home though stretch from sky to sky. Oh, the love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong. It shine forever more in joy. The sins and just Oh, the love of God. The love of God. For rich and pure, all measureless and [Applause] strong, a child forever from morning to the saints and name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. John 15 says, "Greater love no man than this and a man who laid on his life for his friends." Amen. Glad to be in his house again. Give him thanks. Give him praise. Give him worship. Blessed ass Jesus is mine. Oh, what a force of glory divine air of salvation. She [Music] ser I'm washed in his blood and this is my story. This is my song. Praising my savior all day long. This is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] savior and perfect salvation, perfectly love patience of rapture now my side. Angels descending from [Applause] above mercy first. And this is my story. This is my song. Praising my [Music] savior all day long. This is my story. [Music] This is my song. I'm praising my savior all the day long. I'm perfect submission. All is sadness. I am my savior. I'm happy and blessed. I'm watching and waiting. [Music] Aart flow in his [Music] goodness. Oh, this is my story. I'm going to fill it. This is my song. Praising my savior all day long. This is my This is [Music] my Let's Oh, our heavenly most gracious eternal God. What a privilege that we have that we can praise you all day long by thanking and praising your name, glorifying thy name and exalting thee. Father, thank you for bringing to us to your house of worship. You are here Lord with one purpose to worship you in truth and in spirit. May you bless brother Tim as he bring the word of God, anoint him and take him aside and use him as never been before. Father, may you prepare the hearts of your children or even those in the sanctuary and online to receive something from thee, oh God, one word from you, Lord, will settle it. Father, bless the sons of Zion, brother Anthony, and the sisters that have praised him. Let your grace and mercy be upon us. We thank you for the victory. We thank you for Calvary. Thank you what you've done in our lives. We really appreciate you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You love him. Amen. This world is not my hope. I'm just a treasures I lead up somewhere in the angel beckoning me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel in this world anymore. Oh Lord, I have no hope. Oh [Music] Lord, the angels begging me. I have been at home in this world. They all expecting me and that's one thing I know. I fix it up with Jesus. I know he see me through. Though I am more than I can at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I if heaven's not my own life. angels beckoning me from heaven. And I can be my Lord in this world. Just over in glory will live eternally. The saints on every hand I shout victory. The songs of sweetest wings came back from heaven sure and I feel open this world. Oh Lord, you my friend in heavens are my home. Angels of heaven and I can feel that. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, I have my swiping [Music] my back from. And I can't feel I in this world anymore. And I can feel I hope in this world. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more life. Oh, I'm so high. Be no sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. My soul was so angless. I feel I would let my dear Savior and Jesus came like a stranger. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I saw the light. My soul. No more. No more. [Music] So, praise the Lord. I saw. [Applause] Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. [Music] Oh, now I'm so high. Praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We saw a great light in this hour. Amen. Glory to Praise God. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. You pray for me. It's been like five months since I've been up here dealing with work and a little bit of health issues, but uh God is bringing me along. Little by little, he's healing us. Amen. And he's delivering us. Amen. Not there yet, but we're getting there. And I felt the pull to, you know, say, I'll come back and see what the Lord will do. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you for your prayers. Hallelujah. Praying is the break the biggest part of the church engine in this day. Amen. We shouldn't take it lightly. It breaks us out of the atmospheres of the Leo and church age, right? and keeps us on fire for God. Hallelujah. Praying with the understanding of who we are. That's a series I've been bringing with the the prayer meetings. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we're just a little grateful today. I'm a little nervous. Just trying to calm myself down a little bit. Amen. And um to get into the spirit of God and see what the Lord has for us tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're so thankful for, you know, just what the word's been coming forth lately. Amen. There's been a great shift. We were talking about that at the leadership meetings and um you know, how the battle's been great. Hallelujah. But it's because we we we there's a shift that's taken place and Satan is going to test us. You know, we we so relied on brother Simon for so many years. Come on. And now he's God placed them out of the way now. Put a new pastor here and we're going to be tested. But like I said, there's real births here. Amen. There's real births here. There's people have been really born again and and caught the revelation of Jesus Christ him. Hallelujah. In this hour, and that's what's keeping us. No man has never kept us. No ministry will ever keep us. But Jesus Christ is keeping us in this hour. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. I want to continue on in my series. It's prayer meeting. I mean, it's I was just talking about it's Bible study tonight. Amen. So, we want to we want to I want to get my glasses out here. I won't be able to see nothing. We want to continue on the series of the power of tradition. I didn't know if I was going to go back to it, but the Lord just wants me to stay on it. And this this message here tonight is going to be a couple messages. So, we'll try to lay a little foundation and bring out a few points on it. Amen. I know we got a lot of letter here, but we want the Holy Spirit to come and quicken the word to us. Amen. My title is the capstone has come down. Hallelujah. It has come down and Christ is the head of the church. Amen. Hallelujah. That's becoming a a revelation to the bride of Jesus Christ. Let us turn to Ephesians 2:18 and then we'll go to Matthew 21:42 and then you can have your seats. Allelujah. Ephesians 2:18. For through him we both have access by one spirit unto the Father. Now therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints of the household of God, and are built up the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself, being the chief cornerstone, in whom all the body fitly framed together groweth. unto a holy temple in the Lord. Amen. In whom ye also are built together for inhabitation of God through the spirit. Oh, hallelujah. Get your spiritual thinking caps on tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Matthew 21:42. Oh, we are built. We're no more strangers and foreigners to this word of God, to this revelation that was given to us in these last days, but we're f fellow citizens. Hallelujah. The household of God. We are part of this prophecy that was that came forth from the prophet in this day and age. Jesus said unto them, did you never read in the scriptures the stones the stone which the builders reject? The same is become the head of the corner. This is the Lord's doing and it is marvelous in our eyes. Hallelujah. Let us pray. Father, we thank you tonight, Lord, for your love, your grace, and your mercy. Father, Lord, we prayed. God, you know, I prayed and I prayed not only for myself but for the people. Come, Lord Jesus. I pray break every atmosphere, every unbelieving spirit. Father, let there be such faith here tonight. Father, raise up, Lord. Take control of me. Use me for your honor and your glory. Put me aside, Lord. Let the supernatural come now, Lord. Touch, heal. Let your word go forth. As you said, my word went forth and healed the people, Lord. Not only physically, but spiritually, mentally. Father, let your word heal tonight. Father, deliver and set free. Lord, we commit each and every one into your hands to both speaker and hearer. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. You may be seated. Hallelujah. Ephesians 5:23. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Colossians 1:18. And he is the head of the body, the church, who is the beginning, the firstborn from the dead, that in all things he might have the preeminence. Amen. That's what he wants. Full preeminance in his church. Amen. That's why he's declaring, I am the head of the church. Hallelujah. I use men. I've given a five-fold ministry. Amen. to speak my word, but I am the head. Amen. And that's what we want to establish tonight. Glory to God. Amen. Just an overview that we what we've been speaking on. We talked about this message series of the power of tradition about traditions of the elders, how they didn't recognize Jesus, the revealed word of their day. And it's the same thing today. Not only out there, we know they haven't recognized the revealed. They haven't accepted a prophet in this day. Amen. But right here in the message, people are not recognizing the revealed word. Hallelujah. Amen. The dark ages, the nickel spirit through the Catholic Church. How that Wesley, I mean Luther, Wesley, Pentecost had a part truth. They all had truth. But we know that after they left the scene, they took that truth and they held on to it. They didn't move forward. Each age did not move forward and they denominated it. Hallelujah. The same the nickelian spirit today, denominational spirit today, it's here. Hallelujah. If your eyes have not been open to see it, but it's here. Amen. And how the message is two parts. It is a coming out of the church ages and a going into the capstone age, the rapture age. We call it the bride age. Hallelujah. Things change and they shift as we're going to talk about after 1963, the age change. Amen. Hallelujah. Just like we can't feed off of Luther, we can't feed off of Wesley, we can't feed off of Pentecost. And that's the seven church age message that was given through a prophet. He was the seven church age messenger. But everything changed when the mighty angel came down. Everything shifted when the mighty angel came down. There was a changing of an age. Amen. It's in the message of the hour. Brother Brandham call it the rapture age, the bride age, the capstone age. It's right there. It's not the leaning church age. It's not no more the seventh uh angel messenger age or message anymore, but it's the mighty angel. Hallelujah. Amen. Which only the Holy Ghost can do. No man can bring you into the capstone. And we understand that a lot of people in this message are still in the seven church age preaching a Pentecostal message and glorifying it with quotes with no understanding. Taking the message. Amen. Where has progressed? The word just like Luther Wesley has progressed. The message had progressed. Amen. It had changed and it was changing. And just like God is immorphing himself, the message, the word was immorphing itself and changing. The truth was marching on and people are taking what has been already passed and using it without any understanding of where we are today. We can see that. I hope we can see that now. Recognize that a lot more clear. It's not only been coming through my series, been coming through the pastor, these brothers in certain ways. Everybody has their gifts and their portion of faith. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. G. The bride can only live in the capstone age. She can't live in any other age. The Luthers when they caught the revelation of justification, that was their age. That's what they produced. Just like Wesley, just like Pentecost. But the bride can't live back there. She can only be birthed into this seven seal mystery. Hallelujah. Into the capstone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's where her birth is. That's where she overcomes. That's where per perfect faith will come to her and she'll receive her body change there. Everybody else will be left behind to go through tribulation. The foolish virgin in this message will be left behind to go into tribulation. But the bride of Jesus Christ, those who are chosen, elected, predestinated, are in the capstone now. The rapture is here now. Amen. A preacher can preach, but you got to know, you got to be certain of God. Your experience has got to line up with the word. You got to see yourself and recognize your own self that you are in that capstone. If not, brother Brandham said with the token, it's time to get desperate. Hallelujah. I can't make you desperate. I can't tell you to get desperate. You got to do it. Hallelujah. Amen. and the capstone revelation that reveals the new knowledge or the revelation of God's plan for the end times. In the book of Revelation, the capstone is the final cap off of all revelations to complete perfect faith in the bride that she is predestinated to fulfill because she is the final voice to this final age. She is. I know they're saying what they're saying out there. You know that the voice of God is still on the tapes and that. Yes, we get blessed from them. I listen to them all the time. Amen. But that voice, what happened when the word came to the prophet? When the word, see, the prophet didn't have the word. Just think about it. We're we're we're exalting him as God, not us. But people are exalting him as God. But the word came to the prophet just like John the Baptist. The word came to John the Baptist. Without the word coming to the prophet and then the word got into the prophet and then when the prophet spoke the word that became the voice of God. Now that voice, Amen, that word that was spoken by a prophet, where does it go? It goes into the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. That's what's prophesied. And when it gets into her, when it really gets into her through the new birth, then when she speaks, what is it? God can't break his chain, he can't break his order, it becomes the voice of God in this last day. Amen. Hallelujah. And when we don't recognize that, Amen. Hallelujah. We think we're just playing church. We're playing religion. We're just coming to hear a man. My brothers and sisters, how can your faith grow when you think you're only coming to hear a man? How can you come with expectation on your heart to hear the voice of God speaking to you and your needs? Amen. How can your heart burn with inside of you? How can a change take place when you think that this is still the working of man in this last day? My God. Hallelujah. Yes, man is man. We know redemption. We know through the blood. We know that there's an attribute that cannot sin. But we know that there's a flesh that you see every day in man. But don't you see the redemption of man? Don't you see the blood of Christ in man? Hallelujah. Don't look at man. Listen for the voice of God. Hallelujah. That's why they had to wave the wave sheep for it was the first one that come to maturity and it was waved as a memorial of thanksgiving to God believing that the rest of them would come. It was a sign. What am I talking about here? Not only Jesus Christ, amen, but our prophet. Now listen, it was a sign to who? And today, because he was the first son of God to come to full maturity to be in God, but this was really the first fruit of them that slept. He was waved over the people, over the promised seed that had been promised to life and to be waved again. We realize in the last days according to seven Luke 17:30 the sun day again in the day that the sun s o n of man will be revealed or waved again over the people in the life hallelujah in his life and the tapes of the prophet we can recognize that Christ was waving over the people again. Yes. That that one that came to full maturity is a sign that you here tonight are going to come to that maturity. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's why we're here. That's why we battle. That's why we pray. That's why we overcome. That's why we press through because God, the Holy Spirit who started the work is finishing in the work in this last day. Yes, sir. Oh, God. But hallelujah. Lord, help me. You pray for me. Amen. That I have the strength. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God and the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. It's the rising of the sun. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And in this church age we can see that she is a dominating female. She is the mystery Babylon. She is the great She is Jezebel the false prophetess. Why? Because a true female a true female is submissive to God. Christ is her head. She has no word but his. No thought but his. You see where she's coming to? I hope you are she tonight. I hope you are the bride. But this is prophesied that like brother Brandon said, there will be a bride. I don't know who she is, but there will be a bride that will come and fulfill this. If you're not believing that you are part of these prophecies, Amen. that has been spoken in this day that God's word is going to produce this in your life. Then what are you doing playing church? She has no other leadership but his. Yes. Hallelujah. The power of tradition. Christ is the head of the body and churches. Amen. Message churches, all of them are just lodges in themsself. They're just lodges. This is just a building, my brothers. This building, no matter how nice it is, and there's a lot nicer buildings in this message, it can't do nothing for you. And it doesn't matter how how small it is, it can't do nothing for you. Amen. There is lodges that we come in. Amen. to meet with God, to meet with his word. Hallelujah. Whether this house or just like the apostles in the in the New Testament when the church first began at Pentecost, they met in their homes. What's the difference, my brothers and sisters? Hallelujah. The spirit of God is all over the earth moving. Hallelujah. Amen. That's a denominational spirit. To think that God is in big buildings. The better, the bigger, the more God there is. No, we are the church. We are the building of God that he has built. Amen. Jesus said, "You and your traditions have made the word of God to known effect." Mark 7:13, there is no difference. Listen, there's no difference between people in the Catholic Church believing in the Pope and that Mary is the mother of God for their salvation. Hallelujah. Then in the message of the hour where churches are believing in a prophet believing in me churches for their salvation. [Applause] Whoa. We're not to believe in message churches that we belong to a church or a message church or believe in a prophet for our salvation. We believe God sent a prophet and we believe the word which is Christ. God himself came through a prophet. We believe Christ for our salvation. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Brandon said, "You must have the token." The token is something outside of joining a message church. Even the Bible says in Acts 19, "Have you receive the Holy Ghost?" Hallelujah. the token since you believe this message. Amen. Doesn't say that, but I'm saying it. Since you believe, but since you believe this message, Brother Simon brought out that many years ago. It stirred the people in the message right up. What are you talking about? All we have to do because they're on there that illusion. All we had to do is believe God sent a prophet and believe the message he sent. No, it's not all. No, it's not all. There's a Holy Ghost to receive in our lives. There's a dying out, a surrender of our lives. Amen. To surrender to his will, to his voice in our lives. Amen. Hallelujah. The true church is the body which is called the bride. And she knows what to do with his word. And she obeys it. She knows how to divide the truth, rightfully divide the truth. Amen. She knows how to take the word and place it in her life. Amen. Glory to God. Why? Because he teaches her, not man. You need no man to teach you these things. How can man teach you? He's not qualified. It can't be touched with man's hands. Hallelujah. Man preaches the word of God through foolishness of preaching. Amen. But God takes that word that is preached. You can I can preach here, which I will. I'll preach for another hour or so and and and you can walk out of here with nothing. Nothing. It doesn't matter how I preach, how I bring the word. And every week is coming forth. Hallelujah. We got a unique gift here. I've always said that. Amen. That breaks down the word and brings in such ways. But you walk out of here with maybe a bunch of knowledge or you might even lose it all. Or you can walk out here if the spirit of God is inside of you speaking through your heart and revealing things to you. Why? Because you got a consecrated life. You're in the word all the time. You and Christ are walking together every day. The spirit of revelation don't get tired. Amen. It doesn't go on leave. The spirit of revelation is constantly revealing to us. Yeah. The spirit gets we the flesh gets weak, but the spirit is willing our flesh. But that spirit of God, it doesn't sleep or slumber in us. Amen. If you want, the more you want to yield yourself, the more it will speak to you. I know what it's like to wake up in the middle of the night and stay up for two or three hours and just the spirit of God just speaking to my heart. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. The book of Revelation itself does not fully reveal or express without mentioning the term capstone. However, the concept of capstone or the final stone in the building is used in a way that relates and represents Jesus and other parts of the Bible most nobly in Matthew 21 42 and Psalms 118 22. That's where you'll find it. These passages described how the stone of the builders rejected Jesus and has become the capstone signifying his center importance. Remember my title, the capstone has come down. Christ is the head of the church. Amen. Is importance and the completion of God's plan. The book of revelation forces is is forces and symbols and prophetic visions. And while it doesn't directly use capstone term, it's understood to be a part of the completion of God's work through Christ. So without the capstone, without being in the capstone, there is no completion in your individual life without you being in there. The fullness of the revelation is only being revealed in there in this hour. And if you're not in there, like brother Brandon said, and he cried out, if you're lacking behind, don't linger. Hallelujah. And I'm not talking about your church attendance. I'm not talking about how much you read the Bible or how much you pray. I'm talking about lingering, the voice of God, the wooing of the spirit of God trying to move you forward. Amen. In your personal life, trying to bring you under obedience because obedience is better than all your sacrifices. Amen. Obeying the spirit moving and moving on you and calling you closer to him. Hallelujah. God's going to have a bride. Amen. He'll do what he has to do. Now, brother Brandon speaking here and greatest battle ever fought. Leo, you remember the dream you had that time when you first come here about the pyramid and you thought you can come up there? You thought you can come up there. Type it spiritually and all your works. Hallelujah. I said, Leo, no man gets here. The capstone, no man crosses that chasm. No man gets here. God puts a man up there. Hallelujah. You climb every physical realm that you can climb. You climb the church ages. Amen. Right up to that gap before the capstone. You can climb all these. You can go through justification and catch a clear revelation of justification. Catch a clear revelation of sanctification. Catch a clear revelation and even manifest the gifts. But outside of that, in this hour, it's still going to take God to put you in that capstone. No man can do that. [Music] Hallelujah. I said you can come here, Leo. See, go back down. Tell the people that it comes from God and God alone. Hallelujah. Now think about it, saints. Unto all people it is given to read the message, to listen to the tapes, to come to a message church. It's given to all people. But unto the bride of Jesus Christ is given to know the mysteries of the message and the revelations that are sealed behind the seven seals in the capstone. Amen. Oh God. Hallelujah. If there's not a desperation in us in this hour that to move into that move into that experience with God. Listen, we're fighting the greatest battle ever fought that the devil don't think the devil is not after you. The devil will throw everything in your life, every distraction your way. He'll put everything in front of you just for one purpose for you not to recognize what God is doing in this hour. What God is revealing this hour. Oh yeah, you can hide behind church. You and there's nothing wrong with the committees and what you do in the church and all the works that you do. You can hide behind that though. You can hide your life behind that. You can hide your your life behind I belong in the message. I was born in the message. That don't mean nothing to God. Hallelujah. Unless you got this token. Unless this token is starting to manifest through your life and making itself known, unless the fruits of that token is manifesting in you. Listen, my brothers and sisters, now I've been praying to to be more and more positive, but unless that is happening inside of you, you're lost. That's the prophet's message. That's the prophet's word. Unless you got that token in this hour. Hallelujah. I'd rather put a a fear and a shaking inside of you. Amen. A desperation inside of you to make sure you got, Amen, what you say you got in this hour. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Scripture she's the bride starts recognizing that the scriptures and the quotes the message of the hour that she is reading identifies her and is setting her free as the scripture says you you individually shall know the truth. Amen. What is truth? When you can identify yourself in what the word is speaking, amen, is identifying you. That's the truth. And when that is revealed to you, it sets you free. Hallelujah. Why people are most bondage today is because they don't know who they are. They know the quotes. They come to a message church, but personally inside their soul, it's not been revealed yet to them who they are. Hallelujah. Man cannot change election for anyone. It's not in the power of man. It's only in the power of God. But brother Bam says not everybody's going to receive healing. But I got to preach it like everybody's going to receive healing. Not everybody's bride of Jesus Christ, but you got to preach it like we're all bride of Jesus Christ here tonight. Amen. And it's not for any man to say who it is, who is not, who's not. That ain't in man's hands. That's between you and God. And that day when the rapture takes place, like brother Simon always says, all all things will be settled. All testimonies will be settled and who is left behind and who is gone. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Listen, I'm working out my own salvation with fear and trebling. Amen. I can't work out my wife's. All I can do is point her and point her. As God pointed myself to Christ, I can just point her to Christ. But she's got to work out our own salvation. We all as individuals got to work out our own salvation. Amen. There's a desperation every day that I wake up. Every hour I wake up in the middle of the night, there's a desperation inside of me to know more. We are still here. There's still more to be revealed. Hallelujah. I don't know if I'm going to get to it's all down here, but maybe the next time. I don't know. We'll see. The prophet is not the Holy Spirit today. Like people are saying it. They're using the tapes to press play. The prophet to marry people, to baptize people. Amen. To preach to people, it's in their churches. But the prophet is not the Holy Spirit today. Hallelujah. Jesus Christ, the mighty angel, had come down to the prophet. And he is here now to take the word of God and open up and release by the opening of those seals. Zechariah 4:6 says, "Not by might, not by power," think about it, "but by my spirit, say the Lord, it's by the spirit of God that these things are revealed in this day." Amen. John 16:13, just laying these things in so that you can see. Amen. How about when the Spirit of truth has come, he will guide you to all truth. He shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, he will show you things to come. Who am I talking about here? Christ, the head of the church. The capstone that has come down, the mighty angel who has come down. Amen. Jesus answered them and said, "Blessed art thou Simon by Jonah. Flesh and blood has not revealed it unto you. I don't care how anointed those tapes are, how anointed any preacher is. Amen. It had flesh and blood could never revealed it unto you. But my father which in heaven, Matthew 16:17, has revealed all these truths unto you. Who's revealing these things to you? Who's giving you revelation? Who's delivering you in this hour? Who is bringing you into the capstone in this hour? Jesus. Jesus Christ the mighty angel. Amen. Have you recognized him since he's been risen? Hallelujah. We're going to celebrate Easter. One one person uh said to me says, "God bless you, my brother from the Catholic church." I love the brother. Amen. Joseph name is Joseph Shervetti. I said, "God bless you, my brother." He said, "Brother, we're waiting on the resurrection this weekend." I said, "No, my brother. I can't stand there and and and and just not say nothing and say amen to that. I said, "My brother, I ain't waiting on no resurrection this weekend. He is risen. Hallelujah. He risen 2,000 years ago. Hallelujah. He's not dead, but he's alive forever more. And without that in this day, we cannot be born again." He goes, "Amen, brother." Couldn't say nothing to that. I ain't waiting for his resurrection. He's resurrected in me. Amen. John 3:3 Jesus answered and said unto them, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except the man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. Jesus answered and said, verily, verily, I say unto thee, except the man be born of water and spirit, he cannot enter in. He cannot see the capstone, he cannot enter into the capstone. He don't know the way there. Amen. Amen. It's the bloody footprints. We're following the buddy footprints right into the capstone of love. Amen. Glory to God. You see all the preaching that's been happening. Amen. Before you is just waving it over you. Waving it over you to see who will see Christ, who will catch the revelation. Amen. Who will be lit on fire with the Holy Ghost? Amen. And say, "Identify with that." Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. When a person is truly born again under the seven seal revelation, they have started their journey of faith to see the fullness of this capstone revelation of who they are. It's not going to point you to who the prophet is. We know who the prophet is. But this revelation is going to point you to who you are. Oh my. It's going to mold you. It's going to shape you. It's going to cut you. It's going to cut things out of your attitude. It's going to cut things out of your motives and your attentions. It's going to cut things and things that you say, things how you speak, man. It's going to cut desires out of you. It's going to cut pleasures out of you. Hallelujah. It's going to cut good things out of you. Anything that the spirit of God in your life, Amen. Because we got a portion of faith, we got a portion of word in us. Amen. And that word will not return void. Yes, sir. God is going to design your life with trials and temptation because every son and daughter of God must be tried and tested. Amen. He's going to push you through things to get everything out of the way so that word will not return void back to him. But it will accomplish. Oh God, that's all I'm praying. Accomplish inside of me, Lord. No matter what it takes. Listen, 33 years I've been walking. You think 10 years or five years coming into the message, I could receive what I receive now? No. I'd perish. Like the Bible says, little by little, I deliver my people. Brother Brandham put it this way. He says, listen, God can't take everything out of you in one moment. Amen. He can't take all those spirits out of you. Oh yes. Demons, not in your soul. if you've been born again, but in your flesh. Culture demons. Oh, culture demons, especially in some races, are very strong. But God has to break that out of your life. You don't even realize it influences your decisions. It influences your choices. Amen. And how you see things and everything in your life, God will cut those things out of you. And each and every one of us, no matter what it is. Hallelujah. We try to add our culture into the word of God. You can't add your culture into the word of God. Amen. You can't change the word of God for your culture and the way you believe things, the way you're brought up, but the word of God has got to change you into his image. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We don't want that to reflect in our lives. We don't want it to reflect in our in our spirits, in our words, in our choices and our actions. That goes for each and every one of us. Some cultures are stronger than others. We know that. Hallelujah. Amen. This she is has received. She did not receive it intellectually. It was revealed to her by Jesus said by the father. This is not her imagination. She's just not imaginating this. It's been revealed to her. This is not an imagination. And that's where the devil will play on your imagination. In the greatest battle of fought, if your imagination, your your your uh anything in your spirit, I can't think of it right now. It doesn't agree with the word of God, cast it out. Amen. God speaking to your life. He's speaking to your heart. Amen. If Satan comes in that imagination, that memory, amen, your conscience, all these things, and it doesn't agree with what God's speaking to you, cast it out. Amen. We we we we we let the devil battle us longer than we should. Don't let those battles linger. Cast them out. Why ain't I growing? Why ain't I maturing? Why ain't I developing? Because that's why God gave us a message to the church. Brother Brham said, "Greatest battle I ever fought is a message God gave him to the church to follow that." Amen. He gave us how to overcome, how to bring everything under subjection. Amen. All the 10 senses under subjection to the word of God. I can't get into all that. Amen. This is not an illusion. No, no, no, no. Satan will tell you you're you're having this as an illusion. Oh, we all go through it. Brother Brandon went through it. He's seen all the miracles, signs, and wonders, but he still came to a place. That's how real this battle is. He still came to a place where he says, "Oh, I know this is real. These things that I see, these revelations that I'm receiving, this is real. The kingdom of God is real. All these promises are real. He had to go through it. He was the wave sheet. This is not an illusion, my brothers and sisters, but this is a reality to those who are receiving it. Amen. God being made real in his word to her and she is a part of the prophecy. The devil will tell you that it's just your imagination. Hallelujah. But it's not your imagination. It's real revelation. It's the voice of God speaking to you. And when you can get all that out of the way, my brothers and sisters, amen, and get that real inside of you, that this is God's voice speaking to me, this is the real voice of God. This is the God of heaven has come down and he's living in me. Amen. Some people can't even believe God is speaking to them. Then there's another level. God living inside of me. Oh my God. That's perfect faith coming to the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Because the devil will meet you on every level of faith of deception. No matter how much you grow, I know that I've grown and grown and growing. And let me tell you, he meets me on every level. And every time I grow, hallelujah, the word of God becomes more real to me. And then he meets me with deception on that level. Oh, he's wise with the word. He'll know how to take that word and try to make you disbelieve who you are. That's his job. If he can get you disarmed to disbelieve that you're a son and daughter of God, then you're disarmed right there and then. But my God said, when the enemy comes in as a flood, God will raise a standard. Amen. He'll make that word to me, the word that I am more real to me. so I can walk and continue to walk in faith in the Holy Ghost and continue to grow and come to perfect faith. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, I got a little bit of thing in my drink there to give me energy. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. We got to be past this where it's good stuff. I better watch what I say. I better watch what I say is electrolytes. Make myself clear. I would tell you I would tell you it's filled with the Holy Ghost, but then you would think I'm a little crazy. Amen. The burning bush today. Amen. God's voice spoke to uh the Moses pro the prophet Moses. Amen. The voice spoke out of the burning bush and told him his commission. Hallelujah. Oh, what did Moses have a lot of excuse? I'm not able. I'm not this. I'm not that. And he says, I will go with you. I will speak through you. Amen. I will perform signs and wonders through you. Hallelujah. You speak my word to Pharaoh. Hallelujah. You speak my word to the devil. Hallelujah. And I will perform it. Amen. That's all he's called us to do. Amen. The bride has to speak in this hour. Good people are misplacing the very message and the prophet's words and his meaning. The Holy Spirit is the prophet of this capstone age. He speaks to our hearts and we can see that the bride has moved from brother Brandham the man prophet and now walking with the one who introduced us to the mighty angel himself. This is the bride age. This living bride age she's living in in the capstone age. That's why it's it'll be very close. If it were possible, it would deceive the very elected bride if it was possible. Hallelujah. But let me tell you, this revelation is coming to such a place. Amen. We're seeing it. It's starting to be preached by the true five-fold ministry. These things are being exposed out there. Yes. Hallelujah. It has nothing to do with brother Brandham. Like Luther, he says, "It's the people that are following me, not Luther's message, not Wesley. It's the people that come after." Yes. Wasn't it not the truth? Didn't he not say that? Hallelujah. Brother Brandham's gone. It's not brother Brandham. It's the people that have come after him. That is messing it all up. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. In using God's word, there are three things that we three things that we must not do. Brother Brandon speaking here. You must not misinterpret the word. for the age that we live in. You say, "Well, I believe it means this. It means just what it says." Now, I'm not talking about, catch the revelation. I'm not talking about repeating what Brother Brandham said and being a parent, but there are prophecies that have been prophesied to the bride of Jesus Christ in this hour. And that's what he's saying there. It means just what the prophecy says. We can't change it. We can't water it down. There will be a bride filled with the Holy Ghost, filled with perfect faith, filled with the same power back to the seat form of God again, Jesus Christ, living in different portions. We're not all going to be brother Brandham's portion, but we all are different portions of the lick of fire inside of us. Oh God, I don't care how small your lick of fire is. That liquid fire inside of you is more powerful than anything inside of you. It'll bring your body under subjection to the word. It'll bring your spirit. It'll bring your mind. I don't care. Oh, I got to have the faith like brother Danny or brother Tim. No, you don't. That pillar of fire, that seed inside of you will bring you and your life under total submission and subjection to the word of God. Amen. That's a denominational Catholic spirit. Amen. Hierarchy spirit looking at the people that are high up. No, it's for every one of us. We are all equal in Christ, but we got different portions. Not all of us can get up here. No, listen. You might think you can get up here and speak that. But that's that's not it. That's not it. It's the battle that we have to go through before to get a thought, to get a message. It's a battle that we're up here fighting demons to make an effect, casting unbelief out of you. Unbelief is being cast out of you tonight. And then it's after it's after the preacher has to go and fight with those spirits cuz they're going to come after the preacher. I'm Amen. I'm used to it now. Our brother's used to now. And I rejoice when that battle comes. You know why? Because something happened. Somebody was delivered. And I take that demon. I wrestle with it. and I sent it back to hell so it'll bother you no more. That's what the real preacher goes through. Hallelujah. Brother Brandon says, "I'd rather be down there receiving eternal life than go through the things I have to go through. It's not just about speaking." Hallelujah. Amen. A real minister of God runs from this position. I still run from it. I say, "Lord, is this my last message? I'll be fine with it. Oh, you think I'm trying to be humble? People who really, really know me. No, this is the truth. God has to push me up here. I wasn't going to even come up here. And then God spoke to me one service. He spoke to me and said, "You must fulfill your position. You must, just like brother Brandham tried to walk away from his calling, you walk away, your wife will leave you. You'll become a bum. We can't walk away from this. We pass the point of no return. God's word must be fulfilled and come to pass in our high. Amen. Hallelujah. You must not misplace the word. You must not dislocate the word. And if we would do either of these things, it throws the whole Bible into confusion and into chaos. Is that what we're seeing out there? Is that what we're seeing in the message? We talk about a thousand or more denominational beliefs and teachings out there. You're telling me that every Methodist church believes the same thing and believes it the same way? Then what is that? That's a denominational spirit. No different than them out there. Come on, bright brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. I'd rather get you scared and and and believing in a message and message churches and get you scared and point you to Jesus Christ, pointing you to the pillar of fire. Amen. When you got him, you'll never be deceived. Hallelujah. Amen. Because you're walking with him. Hallelujah. Interpretations is an act of explaining, reframing, or otherwise showing your own understanding of something. Meaning of misplace is unable to find. Oh my God, my brothers and sisters, unable to find the true revelation in this hour. Preaching all around it, but can't find it. Can't seem to get it. Hallelujah. Amen. Meaning of dislocate to put out of place to displace. Oh hallelujah. The changing of ages. After the seals was open, there was a change. The mighty angel was now separating the age. He was preparing a bride to cross over from one age to another by the opening of the seals. We come into the capstone experience. Hallelujah. I want no other experience. I don't want a Pentecostal, a Luther, a a a Wesley experience. I want a capstone experience because when I got the capstone experience, I got the fullness of the word experience. I got it all in one. Amen. But the the in this age, unless you're into that capstone revelation, Amen. It doesn't unite explode that that word of God in this hour to make a new birth inside of you to make Christ come alive inside of you. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Christ was manifested in flesh in bride form now. Christ took his place now as the head controller of the body, the bride of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. He's the full controller now. Amen. Hallelujah. Notice brother Brandham is speaking here. Hallelujah. The the harmony of the father and son. These are all things my brothers and sisters I'm speaking here. Amen. May God reveal something to you. Amen. The father and the son. Jesus never did anything until first it was shown to him by the father. You see the example there? John 5:19. This harmony now exists between the groom and his bride. It exists now between you and him. Hallelujah. He shows her his word of life. Amen. Hallelujah. And she receives it. She never doubts it. How can she doubt it? How can that attribute doubt the word of God when it's being revealed to her? She can never doubt it. My brothers and sisters, no. No, no, no. Hallelujah. Like, like we always said, you don't know why you believe this word, but something inside of you, it made sense. It was clear. Hallelujah. I don't even know how I understand it at times, but oh, God, I see it. It's clear to me. Hallelujah. Fits me like a glove in my soul. Amen. And it hasn't stopped in 33 years since I first heard it. No, no, no, no. I don't care what condition I got into, what backsliding condition I got into. He was always faithful. He was always faithful to me. That seed of God. That's what he's watching over. That word of God inside of us. Amen. And as you get older, you thank God for that. Hallelujah. It brings such a faith inside of us that he's watching over that word. The devil can't take us. He can't do nothing to us. And that is less permission from the father because the father knows what's in inside of us and what needs to be fulfilled inside of us. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Just starting to get to preach now. Hallelujah. Therefore, nothing can harm her, not even death. Death, where is your sting? Grave, where's your victory? Hallelujah. Absent from this body, present with the Lord. As brother Chris said, if the Lord was going to take me and I went in there, I'm not coming back. I don't care how beautiful it is, whatever. Nah. No. Brother Brandham looked down at his body and he says, "I have to go back to that old carcass." Oh my. Glory to God. I think we're getting a foretaste of that place. I think we are. I'm not just saying it. I think the bride of Jesus Christ is getting a foretaste. She's getting a yearning, a longing to leave. Are you getting a learning a y a longing to leave this place to be on the other side? My revelation, my experience and this is not suicide spirit my brothers and sisters is getting a longing to leave to experience that translation. Oh, and that other dimension. Amen. I get jealous when I hear these people that are not even born again. They have near-death experience and they come back and they're saying how glorious it is. I'm going, "Oh, God. Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. But let me finish my work here, Lord. Because I want to hear. Well done, good and faithful servant. That's what you want to hear. Amen. That's why we go through what we go through. That's why we sacrifice what we sacrifice. That's why we struggle the way we struggle. We press through what we're doing. Press on. Hallelujah. Press on, Lily. Amen. Press on. The angel said, "You don't know what's waiting for you on the other side. We're almost home. Hallelujah. Glory to God. We're almost home. Press into this faith, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. Don't stop for anything. Don't stop for any trial. Don't stop even doubt your doubts. Doubt your doubts. Don't let your doubts take you down. Doubt them. Hallelujah. Amen. For the seed be planted, the water will raise it up again and again and again. How many times God has raised me up? Raise me up. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, listen. Here's the secret of this. You want to know the secret? He tells us certain things plain. The word is in the bride. As it was in Mary, birthed in Mary, the bride has the mind of Christ and she knows what he wants done with the word. There's a secret right there. Why you can't be lost. You can't be lost. Hallelujah. This isn't about dishonoring what the what has been done through the prophet's ministry or the truth that came forth of the seven church ages. It's about recognizing what must now be in this crossing over into the capstone or the bride age. You know that the brother Brandham what we're talking about here went through that. He went through the same experience. He crossed over himself. Yes, we still look at we still look at him as the the the prophet of the seven church ages after 63. But you know everything changed for him if you can see. If you can't see, you can't see. But if you can see everything changed for him and he came into this ministry right here. That's it. This this what's being happening right now. He came into this the bride ministry. First fruit first fruit came into this as being the bride of Jesus Christ. Yeah. He's still preaching that stuff. But listen, he said greater than Solomon is here now. Hallelujah. Amen. He all the messages after 63, look, it wasn't about the prophet and the seven church age messenger anymore to the leosene church age. It was all different. It was all about the mighty angel, right? Developing and bringing him into that capstone. Come on. Hallelujah. So that's the same ministry that's taking place now. So he crossed over and people don't even recognize that he has gone through that. They call this Amen. Some people will call this not the truth. It's not the brother Brandon's message. Wow. But he experienced this this word of God that's taking place right now in us. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're here today because we had Amen. a messenger, brother Simon, that had gone before and grew and matured. He didn't see it all. He grew and he matured up to here. But listen, my brothers and sisters, we're at a different time now even to that. Not that he doesn't have the revelation, but we're at a time at the last the baton has been handed now. Hallelujah. It's the last smile now. Glory to God. We always look at the prophets of old and that's what they do out there and they worship them. But they had a portion. They fulfilled. Amen. Amen. The apostles, the prophets had a portion and they fulfilled. And we got a portion tonight that we got to fulfill. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God appointed verse manappointed. You see, Saul was chosen by people. David was chosen by God. The capstone age will not be led by popularity, polished platforms. It'll be led by the Holy Ghost. and those with oil in their heads and in their lamps and fire in their eyes. Oh, isn't that the age we're living in now? Keep your lamps trimmed and filled with oil. What did the foolish virgin's mistake was? Because she was ordained to that mistake. No oil revelation of the capstone moving in the capstone revelation. The fullness of the revelation in her lamp in her body. Though she was a virgin, though she believed. Hallelujah. Like we heard the cloth. Think about it. The cloth. Here's the cloth. And the bride's dress is cut out of the cloth. It's all the same cloth, but only the bride's dress is going in. That's election. Predestination. Amen. And now how these angels come down. Brother Brandon speaking here. along the road messenger. I'm trying to separate as much as I can as a man the difference between you know what's happened in this age to reveal Jesus Christ and how these angels came down along the road the messengers of the church ages open up a certain part of that now the seventh hour the seven messenger that all these mysteries should be finished the seventh earthly messenger which was brother Brandham see this angel that he speaks of then was on the earth. The angel means messenger. And then after that, now listen. After that, I know we're tired and this and that in our flesh, but listen as much that lies with inside of you. And after that, he saw another angel, which means messenger come down. Not the earthly angel. difference dividing both of them that has been given the message here. But not but the other angel, the mighty angel, came from heaven with a rainbow over him and set his foot on the land and the sea and swore by himself and lives forever and ever that time shall be no more before but before he which angel which angel but before he broke forth those seven seals to reveal them that he showed marvelous. He showed it first in the heavens, the cloud that that day they took the picture all across the southern United States of Mexico. There it's hanging in Life magazine. Still a mystery to them. But he declared it in the heavens before he, not brother Brandham. He, that angel, the mighty angel, does it on earth. He always does that. He shows signs in the heavens first. The message shalom. Hallelujah. Can we see that there's something different here? Can we see start seeing a separation here? Hallelujah, sir. Amen. I got a few more minutes. Amen. A true shift from one place to another is significant change in location or circumstances of often involving personal growth, learning or a change in perspective. It can be literally move to a new location or change in heart, a revelation that opens up a new understanding, a new relationship or even shifts one's beliefs of the world view. When faith opens up to you, it changes your location. It brings a greater clarity on the word. Today that's moving into the capstone of perfect faith for the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. When brother Brandham said this Bible became a new Bible. Amen. After he after those seals were open, let me tell you this message when the mighty angel comes and faith starts opening up to you becomes a new message. Hallelujah. I don't see the message the way people are preaching it out there. There is a true five-fold ministry that's got caught the word of God. Oh, there is. But they're in the minority. The minority. Oh my. You're a message hater. Message church preacher hater. No. Then Jesus was than brother Brandon was. If you're reading the same Bible and the same message I'm reading, hallelujah. The spirits, my brothers and sisters. Men die, but spirits don't die. Do we understand that statement? Spirits, they live on. They move on. And they and and and what like like brother Simon always used to say, those spirits know vessels, right? They know characteristics. Hallelujah. And they go where they where they're allowed to go, but they're not allowed to go inside the bride of Jesus Christ because that word is inside of her. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That word is inside of her. Real strategies for real shift. So how do we get there starts in the heart before anything else? We need him as the controller of our hearts. We need a deep personal connection with Jesus. Everything flows from intimacy and it identifies from the new birth into perfect realization of who we are in this hour. What are the prophecies to be fulfilled in this hour? Hallelujah. In this bride age, it is chosen ones coming into perfect realization and a perfect relationship with the bridegroom. That's what it is today. Hallelujah. It isn't the future thing, my brothers and sisters. Hallelujah. You know, that's a spirit that has always been through the ages. They they they they look at it what God did back there. They miss what he's doing here and they they see what he's going to do in the future. They're always saying it's a future thing. Listen, this rapture is not a future thing. This rapture is on right now. This rapture is taking place tonight, right now. In individuals. Amen. Hallelujah. The capstone age isn't somewhere far off in the future. It's in front of you right now. Like Jesus said, they had the same problem back then. They asked Jesus, "When is the kingdom coming?" And Jesus, "The kingdom himself standing right there and said, "The kingdom is standing right before you." The kingdom has come. Amen. The kingdom of God is here tonight. It has come. It stands right before you. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. God is calling us to shift to move from holding ground to taken ground. Oh, we love to hold on to things. Amen. Didn't Luther do that? They got justification. What did they do? They hold on to it. Oh, we got a truth. Oh, we got a revelation. Let's hold on to it. But when we hold on to things, my brothers and sisters, it denominates around us. We're not holding on to nothing. We're like the Roman candle. It explodes. We see we see a truth. Then it explodes again. We see truth more and more. Listen, every son and daughter of God wants that word to continue to open, unfold, reveal itself more and more. Amen. More and more of Christ. Amen. We don't hold on to things. Amen. We go and we take the ground. Amen. From playing it safe. Amen. We like playing it safe. Walking in per but in walking in perfect faith. Stepping out into deeper water. Oh, we don't want to step out into deeper water. Amen. We got to step out into deeper water. Hallelujah. Don't get comfortable. Don't get complacency in this age. It's all around us. Gross darkness is around us. All these enemies of these spirits of the devil are fighting us. It fights me, it fights you to get complacency. Hallelujah. Perfect understanding of the season we are in and the faith that will produce a body change. Playing it safe means to act cautiously and avoid taking risk. This life is all about risk. This life is all about stepping out in faith. Hallelujah. You don't even know where you're stepping sometimes. Like Abraham, go Abraham. Go to a land where I'll show you. He had to just go and trust God. Amen. No matter what came his way, what circumstance came his way, he wasn't persuaded to go back. He knew God spoke to him. And if you've heard the voice of God tell you to go forward. Go into this land, this capstone, keep pressing forward. Amen. No matter what stands in your way, what battle comes your way, what circumstances, what hindrance. Amen. Your faith tells you to keep going forward. Hallelujah. Keep pressing on. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. And taking ground generally refers to process of ensuring sharing understanding and agreement in a conversation or fellowship. This process often invokes not acknowledging each other's contrib their their tributes and confirming that the message is understood. Moving forward together once taken ground is established. It allows the conversation to move forward. Our fellowship effectively without misunderstanding or confusion. This truth and harmony walks together with present truth. When we fellowship one another under this present truth. What present truth? Not just the message, but present capstone revelation truth. Amen. That we're walking in and moving in. That's the harmony. That's where brother Brandham said. Remember he said you talk to somebody for 5 10 minutes. I don't know. That's a number that he said his discernment was so high up there. Amen. I don't know what it is. But let me tell you, my brothers and sisters, Amen. I don't care how small it is or how big it is when we fellowship. Amen. Under the mystery of this age of this capstone revelation, I'll know. I'll eventually know. And you will eventually know if you're walking in that same revelation. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Let me just move. I'm going to skip over some things here. Got a few minutes this just to close this off. Uh the musicians can come. Amen. We're going to continue this. Amen. Hallelujah. I'll save some of this. Hallelujah. I want to read a quote here. Revelation of the Jesus Christ. Now remember this. Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. The book of Revelation shows how the Antichrist spirit would come in to the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. We know we're under that. Amen. That that persecution, that's what Satan is fighting us. Amen. But the Bible says to the bride of Jesus Christ, "Resist the devil and he shall flee." Amen. Hallelujah. He It exposes Satan. The what? Exposes the word when it's coming forth. Amen. Hallelujah. Exposes satan Satan revealing his works his attempt destruction of God's people and discrediting the word of God. What word of God? Discreditreing this word of this capstone. What God is doing inside of you and me right now. Hallelujah. In your life, he's constantly trying to discredit that word that you are bride. You are chosen. You are called to this revelation. Amen. Hallelujah. right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. He fights that. He'll fight it all the time because when she recognizes who she is, she's going to be an invincible army, a powerful army. Oh, hallelujah. When she gets to that place with the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. He can't stand it because she will be an invisal army. If she gets a true revelation, and she will. He's just saying this here of the two spirits within the framework of the message of the Christian church but of the message and by God's spirit discerning withstanding the antichrist spirit by taking the revelation of the word for the hour. Satan will be powerless before her. He can't stand this revelation because he even knows is true. He knows what God is doing in the bride of Jesus Christ. He knows what's prophesied of her in this hour. Hallelujah. More than ministers do. With a true revelation in our lives, the gates of hell will not prevail against. You see how how can it prevail against you? It'll attack you. Amen. But it won't prevail against you. Amen. Hallelujah. Satan will be powerless before her. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And we will prevail over him. Listen, my brothers and sisters, it's no more reading. this. It's no more reading the quotes like I just did, but it's time the maturity and the bride lives these prophecies out now. Amen. Out in our flesh. That is what's spoken of her in the message. That's what's prophesied of her. It's no more. I know I read the quotes and we we we will read the quotes, but it's no more. Now it's time for the maturity of the bride to live out these quotes to become a full manifestation now. Not only being spoken of this, but she's going to live this. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I got a lot more to say, but where our time is up and thank God that some of you are praying for me that I withtood this long. Amen. Hallelujah. We thank the Lord for his grace, his love, and his mercy. Amen. Hallelujah. The capstone has come down. Amen. And Christ is the head of his bride of his church. We're going to get into a little bit more, but just broke open a little bit things. I pray that the Holy Spirit spoke to you tonight. Let us stand as we go in prayer. Amen. Okay. Praise God. God bless you, brother. Amen. How many enjoyed that? Glory to God. God. Amen. Christ has come down. Christ has come [Music] down. He is the capstone. He has come down. Revealed in his home. His bride is preparing her way to be ready. To her he has made the mysteries known. Christ has come down. He is. Glory to God. Amen. Praise God.
