################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Humble Thyself Before God And He Will Lift You Up - Minister Desmond Opoku - Desmond Opoku.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Humble Thyself Before God And He Will Lift You Up - Minister Desmond Opoku
Speaker: Desmond Opoku
Church:  Good Neighbour Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lHIwJwIIG9s
========================================

Description:
Minister Desmond Opoku
Good Neighbour Ministries 
Burlington, Ontario
Contact us at: info@gnministries.org 
Website: https://gnministries.org/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
long enough to be [Music] you alone are my hearts desire that I long to worship him. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit yield. You alone are my heart's desire and long to worship you. Oh, you are my friend and you are my brother even though you are a king. I love you more than the other so much more than anything. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit redeem. And you alone are my heart desire and I long to worship. I want you more. I want you more than gold or silver. Only you can satisfy [Music] you. Oh, joy gave me the love of my life. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone are my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you and I long to worship and I long to worship thee. Hallelujah. He's our only joy giver. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He's glad to be in his house. Amen. So happy to have sister Sheila with us tonight. You know, through the trials and through the testings that we have, you know, he's able to see it through. See us through. Amen. All right, let's sing. Uh, if it wasn't for the grace of God, give me Eflat. If it wasn't for the grace for the grace of God in my life, where would I be today? What would I have done with my life? It was not I who had sought him, but it was Jesus who sought me. His hand of love to me was given and now I belong to you. Oh, and David was sent for the grace for the grace of God in my life. Where would I be to be? What would I have done with my life? And I was so lost and blinded walking in darkness of sin. But God predestined in me is to walk in his life. Oh, and David was for the grace for the grace of God in my life. Where would I be today? What would I have done with my life? And I'm on my way towards heaven. I possess eternal life. Nothing now can ever move me. For I know Jesus is the way. Oh, and [Music] for the grace for the grace of God in my life, where would I be today? What would I have done with my life if it wasn't if it was for the grace for the grace of God in my life? Where would I be today? What would I have done with my life? What would I have done with my life? Hallelujah. and mercy rewrote my life on mercy rero [Music] my soul has done. But mercy re Mercy reode my life. Mercy rude my heart. Mercy. How about a Eugene on its Oh, I should have fallen my soul cast down but mercy my [Laughter] let's bow our heads heavenly father just uh thank you for bringing us safely father and lord just speak to our hearts hurts, Father. Lord, Father, use the minister today, Father, Lord, that you can get his notes, the thoughts, Father, that can change us, mold, shape us, perfect us, Father, for Lord, for the rapture, Lord, Father God, speak to our every needs, Father, tonight, Father, in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. That's why we here. Amen. To hear from him. Hallelujah. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. [Music] Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Yes. Praising Lord. We are together again [Music] on something good is going to happen. Something good is we are together again. Just praising the Lord and he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing as I walk this way. Lord abides with me. I'm rejoicing and as I walk away for the morning my life I see and the reason of my secret is all of this. God abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I rejoice in my name as I walk into [Music] my once my heart was full. Watch my eyes full of I till I heard of Jesus upon the tree and I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet abides with me. He abides. He abides. Oh, he abides. Halleluah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing and as I walk this narrow way for the abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me and I rejoice tonight as I walk away. God is with me. He is with me. He is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. [Music] For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfy my soul. Since the government abides with me, he abides. He abides. For he abides. [Music] Hallelujah. He abides with me and I rejoice night and day. I walk away. [Music] That's why there's no testing. All the things of this world have taken wings I gave them at instant and all my life turn all my burdens roll away now the comforter abides with me he abides he abides [Music] Make me [Music] as I walk this narrow way. Oh God, I'm justified. I'm justified. I'm justified. I got it in the first place. I'm justified. I'm justified. I'm justified. Having nothing in the first place. I'm justified. I was sitting alone and wondering about what I'm supposed to do. I can't deny the times I've made mistakes. I can't hide it from him, can you? But I know that deep in my soul I be sorry. So I cry and say, "Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me again. Will you justify? Justify. You haven't done it in the first place. You're justified. I'm justified. I'm justified. [Applause] You haven't got me in the first place. Justified. Justified. Justified. Justified. Everybody [Music] justified. Justify. justified [Music] the first. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. You haven't been dying in the first place. Hallelujah. You're clean. God said like that, you are clean. Hallelujah. Aren't you happy? Yes, sir. Amen. We are clean. Thank you Lord. Um thank you my brethren. Before we sit down, let us pray and read the scripture. Oh dear heavenly father, we thank you for this great evening. Father, wow, we are justified. Thank you Jesus. Thank you for making known unto us real. Thank you for being with us this evening because we believe surely that we believe that that you are here because you said where two or three people are gathered together in your name you are there. You never miss a church. Thank you father. Bless your people as we are here this evening to talk about you. The greatest thing see when every time we talk about you you always draw nigh and worship with us. Thank you. Bless your people. Bless the hearer. Bless those who are watching on the line. Father forgive me all my mistake and fault. Make me worthy as I'm standing here. Cleanse me and wash me. Lord, seize my lips anything that is not of you. We are here to commune with you. Come and take control of my being. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. And amen. We're going to read uh the scripture Matthew 27 verse 35. Verse 35. I will just read and I will stop when I need to stop. Thank you, father. Bless your word. And they crucify him and parded his garment casting lots that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet. They padded my garments among them, and upon my vesture did they cast lots. And sitting down they watch him there, and set up over his head his accusation, written, "This is Jesus, the king of the Jews." Then were there two thieves crucified with him, one of the right hand and another on the left. And they that passed by receive him, wiggling their heads, and saying, Thou that destroy the temple, and buildeth it in three days, save thyself. If thou be the son of God, come down from the cross. Like also the chief priest, mock him with the scribes and elders said, he save others himself he cannot save. If he be the king of Israel, let him now come down from the cross and we will believe him. Wow. He trustth in God. Let him deliver him. Now if you if he would have him, for he said, "I am the son of God." The thieves also which were crucified with him cast the same in the teeth. Now from the fifth hour there was darkness over all the land unto the 9inth hour. And about the 9inth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice saying Eli that is to say my God my God why hast thou forsaken me? Some of them that stood there when they heard that said, "This man called Elias." And straightway one of them ran and took a sponge and filled it with vinegar and put it on a reed and gave him to drink. The rest said, "Let it let be let us see whether Elas will come and save him. Jesus when he had cried again with a loud voice yelled up the ghost and behold the veil of the temple was rent in twain in the top of the bottom and in the in the and the earth ditch quick and the rocks red. May the Lord add his blessing. You may be seated. Hallelujah. You know it's the same thing today. The people do not understand who God is. You know, the people who mock him wasn't the just normal people walking on the street. It was those people who believe God that mock him. And when the when he yell up the ghost and the earthquake, they found out it's not just a man hanging there, but was God himself. Hallelujah. They begin to tremble. The same thing is going to happen right now. People going to begin to tremble. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Tonight, my message is humble thyself before God and he will lift you up. Humble thyself before God and he will lift you up. Our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ came to earth to save his own. He came to do what? To save his own, not everybody. And the Bible said when he died, what happened? the veil that was in the temple. He granted two pieces. Before that, nobody can go behind. But after he gave up the ghost, everybody can go in. Can go in. So right now the veil is rented. The Lord Jesus Christ in pray the judgment is upon the people. You have a right to accept him being God. Hallelujah. God the creator of universe heaven and earth. If you Genesis 1:1, he was the creator of heaven and earth. Genesis 1:1. And he is the You want me to read it? Let me read it so that you understand what I'm saying here. In the beginning, God created heaven and earth. Who created heaven and earth? God. He created heaven and earth. The same God who came down because of me and you. Amen. Because we were in him before the foundation of this world and a part of him was lost. So he has to come down. You see I as right now when you are here something hurt your finger the whole body feel it. Am I right? So when we we get out from his side to here he found out his son Doris sons and daughters missing. So he has to come down to seek us. He came down duly because of you. He came down. But if you look around this world here, never mind what he did. You see around now, men have became wicked more than ever before. wicked and filth that God you know you know when when the Lord Jesus when God was bringing the Israelite from Egypt they make him so sick he wanted to what kill everybody but he can't we were part of him he is a merciful God, he's a merciful God. If God look this way right now and if is not mercy and the grace, you think we can stay here, the whole earth will be wiped out. See what happened to Sodom? They make him so sick. Why he went there? He went there and destroyed them with binstorm of fire. Is it not the same thing they doing right now? Why is he waiting? Because you and me is waiting till that day when the time come then they will know who God is. Hallelujah. When God call you, don't think God calls you by mistake. You are not sitting here by mistake. You are sitting here because you are his son sons and daughters. You cannot come. You know when he was hanging the cross, you think everybody can go over there and and plead him? No. The same people whom he took their fathers from the Egypt Canaan and brought them Canaan and they believed that they were worshiping God. They were mocking him because they were not part of him. If they if right now if they were part of him they will accept th this message of this hour. This message William was the true prophet of God. God vindicated him. The same people do think when the Lord Jesus Christ was on the cross and the people was walking at him. Let me tell you the same priest today what they doing now if they were there they would do the same thing as the Pharisees and Stri did right there. They did not know him. Hallelujah. So when God calls you, he calls you. You are blessed people sitting every day, every night, every week. You think you came here by yourself? No. God caused you to be here. God knows his anointed children. Don't think you are just a normal people walking in the face of the earth. Peter, Paul, all those people that were sitting there, God called them follow me. They were special people that God chose them that time. The same thing applies to you. You are special people that God chose you right now. Amen. There's no different call that he called them. Come and follow me. The same thing he calls you, he calls you by your heart. Come and follow me. The minister didn't come here to call you to come and sit here. It's God himself calls you. And if if God calls you, there is a work for you to do. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I believe God have something special for you. There were publicans that is the outsiders and they were priests. And the Christians, you know how many people are mocking this message? Even the people whom God called, they think God call. You see, if you force yourself to come to God, it's a different story. You cannot stay. If God calls you, he holds your hand. You cannot get out to go. But if you hold God hand, you can take your hand and go somewhere that we want to go. Thank God holds our hand. Hallelujah. He holds our hand. That's why he said whatever I have here, nobody can take it away from my hand. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, we are peer people walking on the face of the earth. You don't think that you're somebody but God, if God is in you, you're more than majority. Hallelujah. Let me tell you, the same anointing that was back there, the same anointing is here today, never change. Come and follow me. Do you think it's easy for them to follow? Well, if you watch those movie, I don't know if he whispers. When Jesus speak, nobody can go speak once. When he speak, you have to get up cuz it's not you. There's something inside here that quicken that's quickenh with that word there. It's the word that calls you. The word of God that calls you. That's right. It's not somebody who witness to you. Because is the word that is in you. When that word quicken what is in you, it right there. What happen? It wakes up. Hallelujah. Spiritual aminesia. Bang. You know when the the the the you ask the sisters who has children when the baby come first, what did they do? Bang. Life come in. Same thing applies to us. Let me tell you when I heard this message I didn't know nothing about it but rather something prick my heart then I begin to ask myself Lord am I too late to surrender my my myself to you inside not I talking I was talking inside with him I ran he think it's me because I came first and I ran. I don't want to come back again. But later because men are stubborn. So later he came back. He didn't come back. He came back and spoke the same word in my heart. And that word quickened my heart. Then I ran before the pastor. I said, "Lord, am I this question here?" I said, "Lord, am I late to surrender myself to thee? Am I late?" I could find I I I I was real. No, I'm not just making up. This is what I said. So, I pack my all my stuff. I hid in my car. Nobody tells me what to do. God told me what to do. Because a sinner you got to be washed before you can come to God. So I came and I brought shorts. That time I don't know nothing. Brother Simon said no come back next week bring proper stuff and wash in the water so that you can sit under the presence of God to grow. Hallelujah. The same way he called them, the same way he called us, the same Holy Ghost that was upon them, the same Holy Ghost is on you right now. Never change. But human being sometime we are so stubborn. That's why I said humble thyself in the presence of the Lord and you what he will lift you up. If you force a fruit to ripe always sour, you never get sweetness from that fruit. But if that fruit stay on the tree and ripe at a ripe environment, you take that fruit and you eat it, you feel it, the sweetness and the juice that is inside the sweet that that fruit. So do you. You stay in the presence of God. You humble yourself to stay in the presence of God. You will ripe and the sweetness of God will spring forth through you. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Do not rush yourself. Humble thyself before God. And God will lift you up each and everyone. God is going to use us. He didn't call us. You got to say it's me. Is there anything too hard for God? You sitting down here you think oh poor me you have been in the church so long sometime the minister preach I can't understand I have so much mistake. God doesn't care about your mistake. He calls you. He knows your time. He's the he know the time that he going to use you. You are a tool that is in the box. Hallelujah. When every time God need that he go when God need something he go to that tool box pick up that tool and use it. Hallelujah. And you cannot use the tools all the tools at the same time. One by one. One by one. And the job will be done perfectly. Glory to God. Stay in the presence of God and shine. God never loses his power. Oh, God is so sweet. That's why the song writer sing so sweet to trust in Jesus. Hallelujah. If I know how to sing, I will sing and dance and jump right here now. God didn't give you thy voice, but he give you a powerful voice that I can I can kick devil out. Hallelujah. Everybody has their own thing. Somebody can use a song and kick the devil out. And somebody can use his powerful voice and kick the devil out. Each and everyone is a tool that God can pick it up anytime that you need. Amen. Don't think you're not important, you young people. Hallelujah. God has something for you to do. Have patient in the in the presence of God and get ripe. Hallelujah. Everybody has their own position. Glory to God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. The Holy Spirit is in the church using men and women. Don't think you're a woman so you cannot stand on the pulpit to preach. Every one of us has their own position and own time when God going to use you. You know, even don't think I have no education. I don't speak English. God doesn't care about your English or Spanish or African. God can speak any language. God can send you to way down in the jungle. Why? Why do you think God speak the God make people make his people speak in tong then people understand who understand speaking nobody understand only God understand they speak and he interpret for the people it's not a it's is a gift that God has for his people for the time to use he will use it. Hallelujah. It's not abusing. How's the other church is abusing? Make it so common and and and you don't. Hallelujah. God is in his people. Every one of you, God is in you. Don't think that God forget you. God never forget you. Hallelujah. God is in his people through the Holy Ghost manifesting the word of God to the people. The Holy Ghost is in you. Who is the Holy Ghost? God himself. Holy Ghost speak every language. When God want to speak to you sometime he can speak to you with audible voice any shape or form that he want to speak through you. He can speak to you while you are on the bed or leaning on on the side of your bed praying. He can talk to you this this this this. But if you stay ripe long in the presence of God and you ripe, you can hear that voice through your heart what God is speaking. And you have to act right there. Don't doubt sir. Don't doubt. When God speak, you got to believe. You are believers. You worship God. Satan has no power over you. Amen. To distract you when God want to use you. Hallelujah. God want to use every one of us. But you have to humble yourself. The gift is not for you. The gift is for the glory of God. Amen. You know when sometime even the believers in the message God use somebody to pray for somebody and he healed or do something and in manifestation comes now and the person started glorifying God to the people. What God did through me, what God is. Sometime people criticize that person. Why are you talking too much about this? But we go to the Bible and quote Elijah, Elisha, Peter, John, what they did say, but God have now such as I have taken your your your bed and go and we rejoice and God used your brother and he came in mercy two or three times. People get offended. Why? You are the children of God. God can use you anytime that he want. Hallelujah. God is still moving. Why we cherish 2,000 years years ago and even 1 year, 5 year, 10 years, 15 years, 20 years, 30 years, the person still bringing that testimony all the time to glorify God. Why this brother bringing this testimony? And we still cherish 2005 and 2010. It's not the same Holy Ghost in you manifesting the same thing right here. Why don't you rejoice? Let me tell you, if God use me every day, I will speak it until your ear drum break. Hallelujah. Because it make me excited because I cannot do it. There's something that get hold of me. make that thing happen. Yes sir. Hallelujah. The person has nothing to do with that. No sir. It's God. If you want to see God, you will see God. Hallelujah. We are his presence. Let us write right here in this church. God will manifest. Your own eye. You will see something you never see before. Amen. I'm telling you it's coming. If you want to be a part of it, prepare. People got to stand and run because they never see it in such fashion. God never change. Right now, this is the bride time. This is his wife time. The power is in your hands. Hallelujah. The power is in everybody's hands. Not only the pastor, not only the minister, but it's for everyone. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do something for God to take hold of it. Hallelujah. You know what, Abraham? He said sometime when he's in the bush and you want to see the manifestation of God he just pick up pick up the leaves boom and throat on air rather we whirlwind took that thing and start moving start moving hallelujah thank you Lord do something for God to get hold of it and you see the power of God. Amen. In your own. Not only in the church, everywhere you go. Because God is with you everywhere. Hallelujah. Not only in the church. Everywhere. Even in the church, in the message, God used the minister, powerful minister. And sometime people get overboard. Some minister get like a crown in their head thinking they have the Holy Ghost in the suitcase and when they pick up it the Holy Ghost jump and everybody follow. Holy Ghost is everywhere not for one person. Hallelujah. Believe the man of God who God has given to you to feed you. Hallelujah. Trust in God through him and you will see the power of God in your own life. Hallelujah. God doesn't do anything for nothing. God sometime changes things. You may think it's wrong, but let me tell you, you cannot change God. God is God. The same God of universe is in you. Hallelujah. Holy Ghost is in you. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of God. And sometime God use people and the same people that they claim to be your brother and your sister, they get jealous. Why? Because they are lazy. They don't see God enough to get their own position to know where God had his own position where God will use him mightily. But you use somebody they get jealous. That's not from God. You're going to get jealous and sit on the pew until your hair grow your hair grow and you don't see the power of God using you because why? You don't want to work somebody work. You don't like it and you jealous. Jealousy is not from God. It's from Satan. Love is from God. The love of God to edify the church. God is using the brother or sister get up. You know Paul, Peter and all of them if you read the Bible when they go around and they come and they bring the report the Bible say they all gathered together and rejoice the work that God has done through them. Amen. Hallelujah. When where in the Bible you ever see God use Paul, Peter, Philip, anybody that one jealous one another, they all rejoice together. When God use your brother or you sister, rejoice. Your time will come. Just stay in his presence and God will honor you. Let him lift you up. Humble yourself. Hallelujah. Can you don't know that even this message the ministers that God called them to preach to you and me sometime they get around and fight because everybody think that he knows one more than the other. When did Paul told Peter I I know more than you? When when did Philip told Matthew I know more than you? Is the same Holy Ghost. If God rich in mercy, God give you more wisdom. Don't think that you're higher than the other one. God is God. He knows your heart. Before you speak, he knows. Hallelujah. Let God lift you. Let God lift you up. Humble yourself in his presence. Hallelujah. Do something. Pray for something. Help somebody. Then you're going to see the hand of God. God is love. God is not hatred. When you have God in you, all the hatred gone, the love of God is perfect. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. As you sitting here, I want one hand that goes up and said, "God cannot use me." Let me see how many hands. No, not even nobody. That means God has spoke to you. God can use you any way or shape or form. It doesn't matter whether you can speak English, you your English doesn't come too good like me. I say B and C and everything mess up. Hallelujah. But I don't care like that. I don't care whether my English what you know what they did. Oh, you miss your grandma. What this? But when God come and say your number is this, your my number is your number is this. You have this sickness when you were a baby and you that's that's where the the grammar grammar comes. I don't cover your grammar and all your quotes that you're going to bring the people if there's no life behind that code is nothing because that code has a power behind that quote. Every code that you you you you you give from brother Abraham there's a power behind that. Hallelujah. And there's a love, God love behind that word that will bring the manifestation of the word of God where he can pray for for his nighting girl. A person who has no bone flesh in the bone and he said you going to leave. How you leave? Where is that grammar? Where is that grammar that people talking about? You need God, not a grammar. You need God in your life. You need the Holy Ghost in your life. I don't care how much drama I have. I have God in me and I believe in him. Hallelujah. Because I see the manifestation of the word of God. People got healed cancer so many times. Not one time. I can give you a testimony from morning to the evening. The same thing that will happen in the days of Paul, Peter, I I see too. So when I talk about God, I know God is real. I don't just talk and jump here. I talk because I believe and I know God is real. Abra Abraham can pray for people to go and get up. It's not the same Holy Ghost. You think it's brother Abraham? He say it's not me. You know, he said it's not will Abraham has loan his spirit to me to use. Why don't you loan give your spirit to God to use you? You sisters sitting here, I gave you a I gave you a message. The dove and the lamp. Can you put that tape where that woman, a sister going and he pray for somebody, a baby who has leukemia, he's taking that baby to brother Abraham to pray for. and the sister. God place that test in the heart of that sister to pray for that woman. Oh, glory to God. You sisters, you have a position. Don't think that you cannot stand here. You have a position to pray for the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. Don't think that you are nothing. You are more than what you think. Anything happens, stand on your grounds, call on him. Elohim, the Lord Jesus, the only one, true God. Amen. Hallelujah. He will be on the scene. He said, "You call me, I will be there. Whatever you ask, I will do it. Don't fall for." Hallelujah. Can you pray that tape? And then that is the end of my message. I'm telling you. Um, it was raining real hard and the place was packed and they were standing around the walls. Um, and so they there's Billy had give out prayer cards and then and there was a little mother walking back and forth had a baby in a blanket and there's another little little old woman sitting there one of them little gangham dresses or what it is you know sitting there little Christian saint sitting in front and she had this mother had no place to to um to uh sit down with the baby and this little mother began to feel sorry for that baby and that little woman walking back and forth And the Holy Spirit said to the mother, "Pray for that baby." Oh, she said, "I couldn't ask that woman. Pray for the baby." Oh, it's best to do what God tells you to do. And so when she said, "Next time she comes by, I'll ask her if I can pray for the baby." And when she come by, she's packing a prayer card. Oh, she said, "I wouldn't ask to pray for that baby." Well, Brother Brandon's going to pray for that baby. Like that meant any more than anything anybody else. Said, "Brother Brandon's going to pray for that baby." So the Holy Spirit kept dealing with her and time lingered on. I hadn't come yet. And so um then the little woman said uh just got so convicted said sister would you like to sit down with the baby? Oh she said I don't want to take your seat dear and probably that little mother's compassion more for that baby than what mine would have been. And she said sister said take this seat and sit down but said I want to tell you I know you're a Christian. She said yes ma'am I am. And she said I'm a Christian too. Said God just kept speaking to me. Pray for that baby. Said you got a card there. Said brother Brandham's going to pray for that baby. She said, "I hope he calls my number tonight. I'm here to with my baby." And said, "It's seriously sick." And um and said, "I hope he calls my number." And she said, "Well, you sit down here and let me pray for the baby so I can just get it off my heart." Said, "Because I feel condemned if I don't do it." She said, "Why certainly, honey, you pray for the baby." And she prayed a little prayer. They said, "Lord Jesus, you was warning my heart and I just laid my hands over on the little baby and if it's doing wrong servants to pray for her, don't don't let it reflect. Lord, I'm just trying to ease my feeling." That's the Holy Spirit telling that little woman that. So, she prayed for the little baby and the woman gave the lady with the prayer card and the baby in the seat and the little lady climbed up and stood up in the balcony way up there. Well, after a while, the rain let up a little and I got in, come in, walked the platform, preached a little while, called a prayer line, and I just called about 10 cards or something like that causes all to be in discernment. And sometimes that way when I get down to 10, I'm I'm pretty near gone if it's a fresh meeting. So then when they they I told them I said now friends you it's your faith you got to believe it. So when when they called the number I believe for from 20 to 30 or something like that or 30 to 40 whatever it was that little woman was about fourth in line that baby that little mother felt real good then. So up come the little baby and the mother and the little thing had a blanket over it like this and it was real sick. So I come up to where the prayer line was going on. When I come up I said how do you do? I got it on tape. See that's how I know all about it. So I said, "How do you do?" And she said, "How do you do?" I said, "I suppose we're strangers one." I was trying to contact her spirit then. See? And um she said, "Yes, sir, we are." I said, "You're not here for yourself. It's for your baby." She said, "That's right." I said, "It's got leukemia." And she said, "That is right. The doctor says just give it a few months to live." I said, "Well, wait a minute." I said, "The baby's already healed. There's a little woman I just prayed for. It's got a a little gingham dress on." I said, "She just prayed for the baby a few minutes ago." I said that's her stand out right there. Her name's Miss so and so and so and so. Hallelujah. Then obedience is better than sacrifice. Now that same spirit that witnessed you tonight, I am the dove. You see, Holy Spirit's in you. Don't underestimate yourself. Don't think you cannot stand here. You don't have a voice like me. So you cannot sing. So nobody see you or you cannot preach. You are angel God's in investigation angel. Sisters I encourage you do your work and let God lift you up. Don't put yourself down. Let God use you. God bless you. This is what I have. Sister Sister Sheila, can you come to the pulpit as I said? Amen. Brother Phillip, come ahead. Brother Sister Sheila Elanga is here with us this evening. The enemy has been afflicting her for few years now since she decided to come to the Lord. But the Lord knows all about her situation. He continually shows himself over and over again the enemy is going to fight. But like we heard here tonight, it's something that has to be revealed to our sister. And once it's revealed in her heart, that Jesus Christ is her only healer, that it's her absolute. There's no doctor that can do anything unless God uses the doctor. Doctors can set a broken arm, a broken leg, fix a broken nerve, fix a broken heart, but it's God that heals the vessel. It's God that heals the body. He is the Lord God that health all of our diseases. And if we can just come to a place where we know that where it's there's no there there's no doubt there's no compromise. Let the doctors do what the doctors need to do. But God is God. Amen. He changes not. Amen. Praise God. But the word of God tells us that we can uh take oil and we can anoint the sick with oil. We can pray over them and God will forgive them. God will heal them when when he decides. It's not in our time. It's in his time. He'll make all things beautiful in his time. Amen. Praise God. Open that. Sister Sheila, according to the word of God, I anoint you with oil representing the Holy Spirit. And as servants of the living God, we lay our hands upon you and we pray and we believe. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, as your servants, Lord, as the word has come forth here tonight, Lord, we heard the testimony of a simple woman that that Lord, it came so strong upon her heart to pray because you had come, Lord. You've come into our midst here tonight to vindicate yourself. Lord, you are the only God that health. You're the Lord God that health all of our disease. Lord Jesus, above all things, you would that we would uh prosper in health, oh God. Lord Jesus, Father, we lay our hands upon her in the name of Jesus Christ. And Satan, we adjure you by the word of the living God to leave this vessel, leave her atmospheres, leave her bloodstream, leave her brain cells, leave her nerve endings, leave every fiber, every atom and every molecule of her body in the name of Jesus Christ. We curse your activity. We bind your power and your influence upon this vessel tonight in the name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, may your spirit and your anointing come upon her, oh God. Lord, may it rest upon her mind, her heart, and her spirit. Lord, may it move into her home and into her children, into her husband, Patrick. Lord, may your spirit and your anointing move in such a way, Lord, that every unbelief will leave the home. Oh God, that you're nothing but perfect faith will abide in that home, in her heart, in her mind. Bring perfect harmony. Bring bring a harmony between her and her husband. Lord, let your spirit take control. Great Jehovah God, vindicate yourself, Lord. Show yourself that you are God. There's none above you. There's none beside you. There's none before you. Lord God, you are the only one that we look to tonight. Lord, vindicate yourself, Father. Take the praise, the glory, and the honor in the vindication of our sister's healing in her body. Oh God, Lord, you said signs and wonders shall follow them that believe. Father, we are believers tonight. Lord, this house believes tonight, Father, every vessel in this place, oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ, if there be any sickness among us, leave the people, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ, we claim our healing. We claim our our our deliverance in the name of Jesus. Lord, we give you praise, glory, and honor tonight. Father, may you receive the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Praise God forever more. God bless you, sister. Go believing. Help her, sister. Take her right home. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Thank you, brother Desmond, for the word of God tonight. Amen. Praise God, saints. We rejoice in the Lord, knowing that we serve a living God who's present. He's an everpresent help in a time of trouble. Regardless of whatever comes into your Listen, either you believe this word or you don't. It's as simple as that. We've come to the time and the season of this word vindicating and And uh God is his own interpreter. He's going to interpret it in your life. Your life is going to bear record whether this word is real to you or not. You will not stay in the same condition that you are in. You are being changed. You are being delivered. You are being transformed by the word of God in this day and in this hour. We believe in the power of the spoken word to deliver and set his children free. Amen. Praise God. We look forward to the service on Sunday. Be in prayer for our brother Maxwell Lee who will be ministering the word of God here in the house of the Lord. We'll be right here. Come with expectation. Come with with hearts. Come with a giving heart. Come with an offering unto the Lord. Amen. Bring Bring your offerings unto the Lord. Show that you that you believe that God is Jehovah Gyra in your life. Believe that God has a five-fold ministry. Believe that God blesses and provides and prospers for his children. Amen. Be true believers of this message, of this word, that Jesus Christ is in the present stage of his ministry. God bless you. Let us pray as we go. Father, we certainly appreciated the word tonight. Lord, we know that if we just humble ourselves in your presence, oh God, that Lord, you will lift up your people. You will you will lift yourself up in the midst, oh God, because all the glory is only to thee, oh God. Lord, go before us, Lord. You know what we have to face tomorrow, Father. You know the things that we're dealing with, oh God. our our families, our homes, our finances, our relationships. Father, Lord, you know all about it, Lord. But we're a people that walk with you, Lord, we believe that you're able to do more exceedingly abundant than what we could even imagine. Father, won't you do it, Lord? Won't you meet the needs of your people? Remember those that are sick and afflicted among us, Lord? Remember Brother Tim tonight, Lord. Uh, raise him up, Brother Tim Beers, Lord. Oh God, that demon power that's been trying to afflict his body and and and keep him down, Satan, loose our brother in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, we thank you for the healing of every single one of your children, Lord. Wherever they are, Father, whatever they have need of, Father, Lord, may they may they touch the hem of your garment, Lord, just once, Father, and that sickness cannot stay. Oh, blessed be your wonderful name. Lord, we love you, Father. We appreciate everything that you're doing. Lord, go before us now. Protect us and bring us with rejoicing in our hearts once again this Sunday in the house of the Lord. Remember the prayer meeting on Friday night. Lord, anoint the atmospheres. Anoint your people. Bless your people in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, saints. You are dismissed. [Music]
