################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-18 - Bro Brad Powell • Sun. • 8/17/25 • Serpent Slayers - Brad Powell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-18
Title:   Bro Brad Powell • Sun. • 8/17/25 • Serpent Slayers
Speaker: Brad Powell
Church:  Evening Light Tabernacle Elkton KY
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZ8KoIFQixE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Morning, brothers and sisters. If we'll just all stand this morning. Maybe brother Joe will open us in prayer this morning. Jesus all come before you this morning. Lord, we realize Lord Jesus each one of us here this morning has their own situation. Lord, we find ourselves many people Lord no doubt other than we always want to clean somebody else's step instead of wor. Lord I ask this morning that to look in the word and see where it is they need to be to get ready to leave here. Lord, if we just Lord, we know what to do. Lord, when you come, if we didn't do what you want us to do, we'll be beaten with many stripes. Lord, we realize the one that never knew what to do. They won't even get as beat as hard as us. Lord, we ask that you would help us this day. Lord, that we have our priorities that we would do what the word says and we realize this morning Lord Jesus we answer to you Lord your Lord that's who we have to give account to Lord I ask that you would ask help each family here Lord you know what they're going through this morning all of us are different Lord we ask you the Sunday school all the words that's been spoken Lord for the singing Lord Jesus the preaching of the word and we realize the wonderful place that we have to come to. It was you that allowed us to have it. Lord, we follow every devil from the pits of hell to try to keep us from getting it. But we realize this morning when something good is going to happen, you going to have to fight them. We say praise the Lord, we're fighting devils this morning, Lord. Lord, we ask that you come this day, Lord. We just tell you from our heart, Lord, we not worried about what other men, other women got to say. We worry about what you have to say. And we just want to tell you that we love you, Lord Jesus. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The children can be dismissed for Sunday school. And if you'll go in the Psalms with me, we're going to go to Psalms 113. And we're going to read Psalms 113 and 114. Psalms 113. &gt;&gt; Praise ye the Lord. Praise, oh ye servants of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; From the rising of the sun unto the going down of the same, the Lord's name is to be praised. nations. &gt;&gt; Who is like unto the Lord our God who dwelleth on high? &gt;&gt; He raises up the poor out of the dust and lifteth up the needy out of the donghill. &gt;&gt; He maketh the barren women to keep house and to be joyful mother of children. Praise ye the Lord. Judah was his sanctuary and Israel his dominion. &gt;&gt; The mountains skipped like rams and the little hills like lambs. Ye mountains that you skipped like rams, and ye little hills like lambs, &gt;&gt; which turn the rock into a standing water, and the flint into the fountain of waters. God bless. You may be seated, Brother Brian. Morning brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; You know after having knee knee replacements I mean going upstairs been always been a hard thing. I can go up and down a ladder every day all day and it doesn't bother me. But climbing a simple set of stairs can be a killer sometimes. You know, I was uh if you would turn with me to the fifth chapter of Matthew, one of those u paragraphs that was up there this morning really struck me. You you know, it's the one where you see the tree growing out of the rock. And I was just thinking, you can't force someone to believe the word of God and to receive Jesus Christ as their savior. You can beat it dead like a horse. And unless there's a seed of life in that individual and that soul to receive the word of God and to come into maturity, it's not going to happen. But doesn't mean that you don't have a responsibility to do that. But I was thinking, what do people need in the day that we live in this morning? What do they need to see? And I and it's just simple. They need to see a life lived. They need to see that God has made a change in you and me and our hearts and our lives and we're leave living excuse me a Christian life. you know, the experience I've had over my life sometimes I realize it's not the things that I've ever said to people or things, but it's the example that you show people that's what they they're watching you. Whether you're at work or whether you're at school or whatever you do, people are watching you. When you testify to be a Christian and a servant of Jesus Christ, they're watching you 24 hours a day. And the negative people are looking for you to make the a mistake so they can, you know, just blow the two and say that you're not, you don't have it. And the other people are looking at the example and they can see that if you can live that life and God can change you and bring you into accountability, he can do the same for them. And I know from people that have talked to me sometimes it's the life that I live that brought them to to understand that there is a better way to live, you know, and that's what and it's really hard to believe, but that's what people really need in this generation. They need to see us as Christians living and doing and breathing everything that we believe and not being hypocritical about the way we are. And then another thing struck me about what was mentioned there this morning. I've learned in my life, you really know where you're at with the Lord. What when you wake up in the morning, that first thought or the first couple of thoughts once you get out of your bed, what is possessing your heart and mind in the morning before you even start the day. And if you look back and examine yourself, you can realize what's driving you that day. Uh do we all have problems? We all have problems. But the a I believe in my own life sometimes if I don't start the day right I don't finish the day right. So it's really important whatever we do in life that we got to start it right and that's in the word of God in prayer and then our first thoughts should be of the Lord and giving praise to him that we lived another day and uh but I was really uh let me get pull this out here. Uh I left my notebook at home. I'm not ad living you know you one thing I've learned I I say this a lot your obligation is to learn the word of God and apply it and put it in your heart and life and if you stay still enough I know and from my own experience you'd be surprised the things that God can do with you if you do what he asks you to do if you'll read the word of God if you'll read the message of the hour even though you think you might not know anything compared to your brothers and sisters you'd be surprised urprised. Sometimes the knowledge that'll come out of your heart and life if you just stay in the word of God and read the Bible, you'll be surprised. God will touch your heart. He'll touch your mind and you'll find yourself saying things to people and you'll say to yourself, "Where did that come from? Where did that idea come from?" But that's what that person needed in that time. But um I just wrote this note down to myself as I was thinking, but I'll read these scriptures here this morning. And I'm I'm totally off what I was thinking about this morning. But it really strikes me as we see the world that the condition it's in this morning, it's really important that we spend more time with the Lord every day. I as I get older, I realize I need to spend more time with him. You know, not that I didn't need him just as much as a young man as I do as an old man. That that doesn't change. We all need the Lord every day to fully possess our hearts and lives this morning. But I'll I'll just read a few of these scriptures before I go off the deep end here. And uh this is what we all know this here, but do we really apply it to our lives this morning? And I was also listening to a few messages, but I'll I'll just read these scriptures here. And and seeing the multitudes, he went up into a mountain and said mountain. And when he had set, his disciples said unto him, and he opened his mouth and taught them, saying, I I didn't read that right. I'm bad about that. His disciples came unto him. And he opened his mouth and taught them saying, and I mean, bless we people have this hanging in their houses. But do they live it? That's the most important thing. Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth. And and when I read things like that, I want to see those attributes in me. I want God to apply those attributes to me. and I want them to give me these opportunities. Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. And blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. And I'll stop there. I was, you know, the world we live in crazy. I had never thought as a after all these years of living which are I haven't been on this earth very long. I never thought I'd see a time in our country and the world. They are so determined to bring about nuclear war. I mean they are they're just running. They're not even they don't no guard rails anymore. Everyone is running to that destination. They don't want to there's nothing to stop them anymore. And I was thinking this morning, if you if you read the, it's not what I think. If you go back to what brother Brandham said in and to Daniel 70 weeks and if you go back to the 12 chapters of Daniel, what really struck me, I'll finish with this thought this morning is that you remember when Daniel was praying before the angel of Gabriel came to him. You know what Gabriel told Daniel that the these these evil spirits of these areas were resisting me, hindering me, coming to you to give you this revelation of what God was going to do with your people in the years ahead. And I was just thinking that's where we're at this morning. When when you see the circumstances going on in the world, when you see Russia fighting Ukraine or you see Arabs fighting Jews, you just think of it more in a spiritual sense. The whole world is headed to a to a situation when they and what really strikes me is that it's just they can't stop themselves. the world is headed to destruction and they it's like they've all the all the keys like in in a military's perspective when you've taken all the keys off your taken all the safeties out and taking all the keys out there's nothing to stop it the point of pushing the button is right there and I was just thinking this morning it's really really striking that the not getting political here but I'll I'll just finish with this thought as as an older man I'll just say this one thing. It really strikes me that people that have never seen what violence can be and what a world can look like on the other side are so in a hurry to get there this morning. And I was just thinking what I started with in the world that we live in. I was going to read some scriptures here this morning. I was going to read this other one. But I'll just finish with this simple thought here this morning. As I see the circumstances in our country and the world this morning, I can see all these devils in a spiritual sense fighting each other across the earth and I it just lets me know like the brothers have been saying the last couple of months. You know, it's really important that you get I'll finish that will you stay closer as you see those days coming. You should get you closer to the Lord this morning. And I'm really off my point, but I'll just read this is from the from the devotional this morning in the spoken word. I finished with a thought if I'm I don't want to be all over the plate as they say, but this is what and I was also listening to the message from yesterday's uh devotional too also and uh really struck me what brother Manam talks about this a lot. What are your intent? What is your intentions? What are your goals? what what is your purpose? And you really need to find that in Christ this morning. Once you know your purpose and you know your what God wants of you in your heart and life, it really gives you the grounding and the stability you need to be successful in life. And I'll just read this and sit down. I know I keep talking and saying I'm going to sit down, but this comes out of the voice of God in the last days. Some of you might have read it already this morning. And it it goes to what I was saying. If you're that lukewarm believer or that unbeliever or the person that thinks you've got another year or you got another week or you got another seven or 10 years, that's what your enemy is going to try to tell you. Well, I've got another hour or I've got another week or I've got another year. That's your enemy talking to you because God would tell you you need to do it right now. If you're just a lukewarm believer, the voice of God, God cries in your heart this morning. You are a lukewarm believer and you better repent. You know, a lot of times as younger men, you you push that back. I can remember being a young man pushing those ideas and those thoughts back because I had my own way. I wanted to do my own thing. But we're living in a time on the earth where you can't be that way anymore. I know a lot of younger men and younger women have heard older men and older women tell you that for generations, but as you see the circumstances in the world, we know that every day we're getting closer. And he goes on to say, you men, women, boys, or girls that are not living for Christ and the voice of God speaks to you through his word and says, "Stop doing that." You know, that's that conscience that God has given you that that Holy Ghost that he's given you and maybe that little seed he's given you telling you that you need to stop doing those bad things. Now, I don't know what those things are, but you know what those things are that God's dealing with you. I lost my place. You better do it because you're going to going to hear again one day. And we all know that and it'll condemn you. You know what's really important? We all, we don't have an excuse here in this assembly this morning. You have all heard the word of God, the message of the hour. You are without excuse. And he goes on, it'll condemn you. You can't deny it. It's speaking to you now. And I know it speaks. It's just the same for me. It speaks to me every day. And remember, it's recorded. You know, that's one thing that struck me as a young man when I started. God started dealing with me realizing that every thought I have, every idea I have, whatever I do, God, there's an allseeing eye watching you this morning. And it's really important that you live the correct life. And it goes back to what I originally said. Your your friends, your family, the people you work with, they're watching you also to see what kind of life you're going to live. And those who do right and hears his voice will rise to righteousness, to glory, and to heaven. And I, as I see the circumstances there are in the world, uh I know I say this a lot, but you know, just simply as a man, I know that without the help of Jesus Christ this morning, there's no way that I personally can make it happen. But if I take everything I am and I yield it to Jesus Christ this morning, I know that he'll make it happen because that's what his word told me he'll do for me. Brother David &gt;&gt; you left that. Amen. You love the Lord with all your heart this morning. He's so good to us, isn't he? Amen. Let's sing that little chorus this morning. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice this morning. Amen. We truly love him this morning and appreciate him. I love you, Lord. And I live my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Oh, take joy, my king, in what you hear. Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet song in your ears. Is that your desire this morning? once again. Oh, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. Oh, let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear and pleasing. Oh, let me be pleasing to you. Let everything that I do, oh, be pleasing to you. Oh, I'm praying. [Music] Let everything that I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. [Music] Amen. Is that your desire this morning? Well, Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. [Music] Oh, Jesus got into my heart. He got into my soul. Well, I used to be oh so sad. But now I'm just free and glad. Singing Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Aren't you glad this morning? I'm singing. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. Yes. Jesus got into my heart. [Music] So sad. But now I'm just free and glad. singing. Jesus got a hold of my life and he won't let me go. [Music] Amen. Are you glad he got a hold of your life? How many remembers the very first time he ever tugged on your heart life? Oh my. You know, I run from him for so many years, but one day there was a stopping place. I had to just quit running. And I'm so glad that he got a hold of my life. And have I made mistakes? We could fill this room with all my mistakes. But I'm so glad he paid that price this morning. And you want to ask me why I'm happy? My sins are gone this morning. That's why I'm happy this morning. He paid a price. You can bring it up. But when he looks, he don't see nothing this morning. Amen. My sins are gone. Well, you ask me why I'm happy and I'll just tell you why. Well, because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffer who asks me where they are, will I say, "My sins are gone." Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. They're as far removed as darkness is from dawn. [Music] Of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. was at the old time altar in my heart and now my sins are gone. Oh, the Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. Will I bless? My sins are gone. Oh, there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Oh, there as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Well, in the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. Well, when Satan comes to tempt me and has to make me doubt, I say my sins are gone. Well, you got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. Well, I'm so glad my sins are gone. Oh, yes. Will there underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary? Will there as far removed as darkness is from dawn? Well, in the sea of God's forness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Well, I'm living now for Jesus. Oh, I'm happy night and day because [Music] my sins are gone. Oh, my soul is filled with music. With all my heart I sing. Oh, I know my sins are gone. Well, they're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. Oh, they're as far removed as darkness is from dawn. Well, in the sea of God's forfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are amen. Man, aren't you thankful this morning? Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. You may be seated. We welcome each and everyone out this morning. And I don't see any visitors this morning, but just because I don't see you don't mean you're not. But I don't think I've missed anyone this morning. But God bless you. And it's good to have all the home folks here this morning. And Amen. It's just it's just awesome to be a Christian, isn't it? I believe that with all my heart. And you know it as as brother Brian I enjoyed Sunday school this morning. You know I thought I never thought I'd get old. I mean I always thought I would be floorboard all the way 100 m an hour but you know 35 is pretty good sometimes. But you know but I'm thankful that God has his hand in my life and our lives this morning. And you know what? I didn't always wake up with a song in my heart when I got up. But I'm so thankful there's joy in my heart when I wake up in the morning. You know, we sing that one song, the goodness of God when I go to bed, when I wake up. I I am so thankful that that's there this morning. Aren't you? And Amen. We have a a praise report we want to read this morning. And thanks for your prayers for Brother Russell. Surgery went well and cancer is gone. Appreciate That's awesome, isn't it? Amen. And so we just Amen. just thankful for God's goodness and mercy for Brother Russell. And you know, and we just God's just awesome God. And I told someone the other day, I began to tell him the things that we've seen God do, healing Sister Donna, Sister Parish, and Brother Glenn. Brother Glenn's in the library this morning. He's able to be here and he's still chugging a little bit, but we're just praying for him and God bless you, Sister Sherry. It's good to see you. We missed him and I know their heart's desire was always to be here and and but we're thankful for that this morning. We're and God's just been a miracle worker for us and Sister Janette, we're just trusting the Lord. He'll heal her. How many believe? [Applause] You know, she told me she she didn't tell me she was struggling this morning. She said she was breathing hard. But I said, "Lord, she made a she made a effort to come this morning." And there's a lot of people don't make that. &gt;&gt; God sees your desire. &gt;&gt; And I'm so glad. And and one more thing today and then we'll finish the song service. Today is a national holiday. How many knew that? It's Sister Grace's birthday today. She's 21. So, God bless you, Sister Grace. Let's give her a hand this morning. Amen. I've got one more valley this morning. Amen. You love him with all of your heart. And you know, I I just look and I just, you know, we're going in our 19th year to be here this year. And I look and all the little guys is now they've got little girls. Now we got two tall Paul. Look at brother Paul, you know, and all these wonderful sister Elena, sister Grace or Caroline and Lacy. And I looked at Sister Caroline's picture the other day. She's a senior this year. I thought, "Wow, where has the time gone?" But you know what? We've just got one more valley and then we're going home. Amen. Well, when I'm tossed on my sea and the waves cover me and the storm clouds let the sun shine through. Well, the boys seems to say child be a brighter day. Don't allow the storm to hide sweet heaven's view. [Music] Cuz you've got one more valley, one more hill. Oh yes. And you've got one more trial, one more tear. And one more curve in life's road. Maybe one more miles to go. Oh, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Well, don't let Satan see your tears. Learn to smile through your fears. Hold your head up high and give the world a smile. Oh yes. Oh, just be all the way. Oh, it'll be worth it all someday cuz it's all going to be over after a while. Oh, you got one more valley, one more here. Yes. And you got one, one more tear. Well, one more curve in life's road. Oh, maybe one more mile to go. Oh, you can lay down your heavy load when you get home. Sing that second verse again. Well, don't let Satan see your tears. Learn to smile through your fears. Hold your head up high and give the world a smile. Oh, just be faithful all the way. Oh, it'll be worth it all someday. Cuz it's all going to be over after a while. Cuz you've got one more valley, one more heel. And you've got one more trial, one more G and one more curve in life road. You can lay down your heavy load when you get home. [Music] Amen. Are you looking forward to laying down that load? Amen. And be in the presence of the Lord. Brother Michael, John, and brother Daniel and brother Paul, would you come take up the offering this morning? And like I said, Brother Glenn's here. He still desires prayer this morning. Want to continue to remember him in prayer. And also, Sister Parish, continue to remember her in prayer. And Sister Peggy, our shutins this morning. And uh uh brother Troy had sent me a couple prayer requests Wednesday night and I had thought that he'd send to the church page and I failed to give them to brother Josh. So I pray you'll forgive us. But uh the young man that gives brother Paul guitar lessons, his name is Mike Clark. he lost his wife and just desire prayers for the family that God would just move in a special way and comfort their hearts and then also it's Kevin isn't it Griffith uh he's going to have to have a triple bypass is that what you told me so they want us to remember him in prayer this morning that God would just touch his body this morning and we just pray that God will just be with us this morning. Amen. If you have any on your heart, you might let it be known with uplifted hand this morning. We're going to ask brother Caleb Ber if he'd stand and pray over these needs and offer them this morning. Amen. Amen. I was I drive a lot in my work and couple of Fridays ago this song come on my heart and Amen. Draw me near and I want to read you the first couple of lines in this song and you know it but it just really spoke to my heart. and said, "I am thine, O Lord. I have heard your voice and had told thy love to me, but I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closer to you." Is that your prayer this morning? Let's sing it with all of our heart this morning. Oh, I am thine, oh Lord. Oh, I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. [Music] But I long to rise in the arms of faith and be closeer drawn to thee. Oh, draw me nearer. [Applause] Yes, nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross where thou has died. Oh draw me nearer. Oh nearer, blessed Lord to thy preious [Music] bleeding side, and consecrate me now to thy service, Lord. the power of his grace. [Music] And let my soul look up with a steadfast hope and my will be lost in. Oh, draw me nearer. Yes, nearer. Blessing to the cross where thy hast died. Oh, come me nearer, [Music] nearer. Blessed Lord to thy preious leading side. And oh the pure delight of the single hour that before thy throne I speak. And when I kneel in prayer, [Music] my God, I commune as friend with faith. Oh, draw me nearer. Yes, Lord. Oh near blessed Lord to the cross where thou has died. Draw me nearer. Oh nearer blessing Lord to thy preious bleeding side. There are depths of love. Oh, there are depths of love that I can not know till I study. And there are highs of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Oh, draw me nearer. Oh yes, nearer. Blessed Lord to the cross where thou has died. Oh draw me near. [Music] Oh near blessed Lord to thy preious bleeding son. Amen. I pray that he'll draw us all near this morning. And then sister Lisa and and uh brother Caleb have a song this morning. [Music] Sometimes I fall to my knees and pray. [Music] Come Jesus come. Let today be the day. Sometimes I feel like I'm going to break. [Music] But I'm holding on [Music] to a hope that won't fade. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long. For the day you return to heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. [Music] Come and turn this around. [Music] Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. There'll be no war and there'll be no chase when Jesus comes. [Music] Let today be the day. He'll come for the weak and the strong just the same. [Music] And all will believe in the power of his name. Oh Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt and write every wrong. Need it right now. Come and turn this around. Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. One day he'll come and we'll stand face to face. Come and lay it all down. Cuz it might be today. The time is right now. There's a mid to way. Your path will be washed by rivers of grace. Come Jesus, come. We've been waiting so long for the day you return. To heal every hurt and write every wrong. We need you right now. Come and turn this around. [Music] Deep down I know this world isn't home. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. Come Jesus come. [Music] Amen. Enjoyed that, didn't you? Amen. Man, appreciate the song service this morning. Pray it's been a blessing to you. And don't you just love him this morning? And let's stand this morning. Brother Brad's going to be ministering this morning. And and uh just looking forward to what God has for us by the way of the word. Let's sing that song if we could as Brother Brad comes this morning. My hope is in the Lord this morning. Amen. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the age just rise. For whom the paging of the sea subside, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. Oh my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. His tender mercies come with every rising sun to meet the sinner in his brishless. Thank you. appreciate to offer healing and forgiveness. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest for my own. is in the Lord from this time on and never more. Oh my hope [Music] is in the Lord forever more. Let's sing that last verse once again if we could. His tender mercies, his tender mercies come with every rising son. Thank you Lord to the sinner in his brokenness [Laughter] to offer healing and forgiveness and those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Amen. Aren't you thankful you have a hope this morning? More than a hope, but an absolute an assurance that you can stand on the word because the word is in you and the word and the flesh are becoming one. &gt;&gt; Are you hearing me this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. And and uh we just want to uh turn in our Bibles if we would and and we'll turn in the book of Genesis and the third chapter. and just trying to get settled in here and see which direction Lord will take us. I've got just all kinds of quotes and notes and and I just want to be where he wants us to be this morning and we could go in several directions, but uh we we just want to look at this thought here and as we get ready to go into the word and I want to read you this quote. But I always like to start with a quote just to kind of lay a foundation and and uh it's just good to be in the house of the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's good to be a Christian. &gt;&gt; Lord, &gt;&gt; in the church age book, Brother Brandham says, "He hath made us," and he's referring back to the Revelations 1 and6 where it says, "He hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father, and him be glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen." But he says he hath made us. He says, "Oh, there are certain truths that we need to emphasize and this is one of them." &gt;&gt; He says, "This is one of them that he he hath made us." &gt;&gt; You and me, &gt;&gt; the bride around the world, he hath made us. He said salvation is his doing. Salvation is of the Lord all of grace. But he redeemed us for a purpose. &gt;&gt; He bought you for a purpose. &gt;&gt; He says, he says, and and so we're going to be kings upon the earth with him when he sits on on his throne. But now, present tense, but now we are spiritual kings and reign over a spiritual kingdom. He says, it says in Romans 5:17, for if by one man's offense death reigned by one, much more they which receive the abundance of grace and the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one Jesus Christ. The price was bought and paid for on Calvary for you, &gt;&gt; for your purpose. &gt;&gt; Oh my. He says in Colossians, who hath delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom, which means reign of of his dear son. Right now we reign with Christ. Think about that. Right now we reign with Christ. He says, "And with that we having dominion over sin." &gt;&gt; Oh, everything that Christ was. If you're reigning with him, you've got it, too. &gt;&gt; He says, "So he we're having dominion over sin. We're having dominion over the world. &gt;&gt; We're having dominion over the flesh." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know that guy that you know that guy and that gal that woke up this morning and said this and that and the other and &gt;&gt; you've got dominion over that flesh. &gt;&gt; And he says you've got dominion and over the devil. So you've got dominion over. You don't have to fall for his lies anymore. You don't have to listen to him and his tricks. You don't have to listen to him and his folly when he tells you you're not good enough. You can't make it. You're not bride. Those are lies and tricks of the devil. And you have been given domain, dominion &gt;&gt; over his lies, over his tricks. When he says you're not going to make it, when he says you're going to fail, get thee behind me, Satan. Do you see where the word comes into play? We've been shown all the tricks of the trade. Our father was a craftsman. He was a carpenter. He knew all the tricks of the trade. And he laid it out word for word for word in the Bible so that we would have the the ability to have the dominion over what Satan throws at us. &gt;&gt; It's simple. Yes, indeed. Even now we are seated in heavenly places. He says he's showing forth his praise and glory, showing forth himself for it is Christ in us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And as long as we keep that at the forefront that it's Christ in us, it's not us manufacturing. It's not us doing. It's not because we study. It's not because we we do this or that. It's because we were predestined before the foundation of the world &gt;&gt; for a purpose. Let's read in Genesis 3:14 and 15. I want you to notice here God setting some things in order. We know the scene. We know the scenario. We know what's happened in the garden here. And so now God's coming down to set some things in order and take back, should we say, what the enemy stole. &gt;&gt; He went to the enemy's camp and he took back what he stole from him. Some of us need to get in our minds that we're going to go down to the enemy's camp today and we're going to take back what he's stolen from us. &gt;&gt; So, if you're sitting here depressed, &gt;&gt; take it back. If you're sitting here full of anxiety and fear and doubt, go down to the enemy's camp and take it back because the order has been placed. Listen what he says. The Lord God said unto the serpent, because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field, and upon thy belly thou shalt go, and dust shalt thou eat all the days of thy life. Now, that's putting somebody in his place. How many of you has got the devil under your foot? &gt;&gt; All right. And I will put enmity. You know what that means? That means an opposition that you're actively opposed in a hostile situation. So in other words, this is a mutual agreement. Devil, I don't like you and you don't like me. &gt;&gt; Does anybody in here like him? &gt;&gt; No. I think we're all in agreeance with that. We don't have no time for you in our lives, devil. So let me tell you what the ground rules say. Here's what the ground rules are in our relationship. I will put enmity between thee and the woman and between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head and thy shall bruise his heel. And I want to take my thought from it shall bruise thy head. And we're going to speak this morning on serpent slayers. Serpent slayers. And as we'll continue with some of our church age thought and if this would be a part five, serpent slayers, let's just bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning with grateful hearts. Thankful, Lord, for all that you do in our lives and for your grace and your mercy and and and the longsuffering you've had for your people, Lord Jesus, to help us all get time to get ourselves right and ready and for the word as it's going forth in this hour. And we see great things happening in the kingdom of God, Lord. and we just want to keep keep doing our part and pushing and doing what you would have us to do in the hour we're living in. Because as the word has told us and as our prophet has told us, we were born for a purpose. We were bought for a purpose and things have been set in order that we could be an active group of people, an active group of followers in Jesus's Christ ministry in this last day. So Lord, I ask that you bless the service today. Bless the words. Allow me to get myself out of the way and you just have preeminence and take full control over the situation. If there's any hindering spirits here, Lord, we rebuke them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we pray for this in your precious name. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. I'm going to look at this. I got this got this new gadget. Uhoh, that ain't the right one. Let me get this thing right. I'm playing this morning with this gadget. I set myself a timer because I lose track of time. So, this will tell me when we're at three hours. Just kidding. But we're talking about here serpent slayers. And I'm going to take my time and just kind of go through this and and if we have to break it down, we will. But I want to try to get to the end if we can and and just try to try to build upon what we we got coming up in the future here. Brother Brandon was talking about in the message the masterpiece. And he's speaking in the message masterpiece. And he's talking about God. And he said God has has been hewing down and hewing away by the patriarchs down through time and made his platform. And he brings them and he lays down a foundation upon these patriarchs. And he said he be to build upon his word. the prophets and he said finally he comes out there a and he finds the perfect prophet the perfect foundation the perfect vision that God has. Now you know if you know anything about the message you know he's talking about the masterpiece and he's talking about the statue and so now he's talking about Jesus coming onto the scene and he says in order for him to speak because he is the word and in order for him to speak he has to it has to come in that image. We know what Jesus image is. And so he says in order for the image to speak, it has to be smitten. There had to be a Calvary. There had to be a Calvary where he could come onto the scene. So that so that basically what we're looking at here is Jesus had to take back the dominion by going to Calvary. And his act on Calvary was his words made manifest. &gt;&gt; He saw you in the beginning. He knew we would need a redeemer. &gt;&gt; He knew he was the perfect image. He knew he was the perfect word. He knew he was everything we had need of. And in order for it to happen, he had to be smitten. There had to be something to take place. And the prophet begins to bring this down. And he talks about this when he talks about those Chinamen. Do you remember him talking about the Chinese men? &gt;&gt; And he talks about the laundrymen. He says, "You know, they first started coming in and and they come into the West Coast and made their way across the East Coast." And he said, "The one thing they he" He said, "They couldn't speak English. They couldn't talk. They couldn't communicate." He said, "But they could do laundry." He said, "They were good at doing laundry." And he said the problem was, basically the problem was they didn't know how to write a ticket in English to say this is your laundry or this is your laundry. So when you would come back, they had no way of communication. And he said, 'But what they had was actually better than a written ticket. What they had was actually better than a written ticket. He said they would take this little piece of a card and he said they would take this card, you would bring them your laundry, they would take this card and they would tear this card. Come here. Come here, brother. Brother MJ, you're dropping off your dirty laundry today. Okay. All right. You You hold on to that. All right, I'll call you in a couple weeks if we get it done. And he said that they would they would have that card. They would tear that card. And he said they would one would keep one piece and one would keep the other. And he said it's better than what we have now because you have to have both pieces, both pieces of the puzzle to claim what's rightfully yours. &gt;&gt; He had to have one. You've got to have one. And he says there it must dovetail together and you could not impersonate it. You see, you could write a letter and say, "Oh, this is my laundry." If you've seen somebody come in there with a bunch of designer clothing, you think, "Man, I wish that was mine. I'm going to write me a ticket up and tell them this is my laundry." That's not the way it worked. They had to have the ticket in hand. And he said, "Here it was." He said, "They couldn't c they could copy them letters, but they could not impersonate that tear." And he said as they begin to take that ticket and he said God by his prophets under the laws condemned us to sin. Now think about this. God through the prophets by the law condemned us to sin and law has no grace. Do you realize none of us can make it by the law? &gt;&gt; There would be no use for us even having a church service if we lived under law. Because I don't know about you, but myself, I I sometimes I find myself in a fault. &gt;&gt; In other words, I'm breaking the law. Ask my wife. She's got pictures. We uh was headed to Murphy'sboro last Wednesday, two Wednesdays ago. And you know if any anything you know about Nashville traffic on a weekday at quitting time our hour and 40 minute drive was was pegging out in the GPS at 2 hours and 50 minutes. She said we need to go the back way. I thought she said we need to go the speedway. That's not what she said. But I knew we were going to be looking at time was going to be of the essence. And by the law, I failed. I was in a hurry. Well, look at you angels. Praise you. So the on the back roads, I'm thinking I can make up some time, right? Nobody's on these roads. As far as you can see, nobody fields on both sides. Only thing I got to watch is for a crazy deer to run out from the cornfield. Top the hill, blue lights. They shut off. I said, "Oh, thank you." He's not He's just warning me. No. He turned them back on. Come on out. I I I slowed down real quick. You know what he's his This was his this was his words. He come up. I rode the window down and I'm sitting there dressed just pretty much like I am right now and he said, "Is there a legal reason why you're doing I ain't going to tell you half this and this? Is there a legal reason why you're doing this speed in this zone?" I'll put it to you that way. I said, "No, sir. There is absolutely no excuse whatsoever legally. I I shouldn't be doing it." He said, 'Where in the world are you going?' I said, 'I don't even want to tell you. I said, 'But I'm actually going to a service to preach tonight. He went. First time I ever seen me deflate a cop. He said, "Let me see your stuff. Let me see your your your license, this, that, and the other." So, we gave it to him and he comes back and he says, "Where you got to be?" I said, "I got to be in Murphy'sboro at 7 o'clock. That's why I'm in a hurry. He said, "You ain't going to make it." He said, "And don't think you're going to be hurrying through Robertson County cuz you're not." I said, "You're right. I will keep it at the speed limit." And I did. But he said, "Is there legally? Is there a reason?" You see, he had every right in the world to write me a ticket. He had every right to to to put me put No, he couldn't put me in handcuffs. I don't think I wasn't going that fast. But he had every right to write me a ticket, to cite me, give me a citation, tell me I got to go to court, tell me I got to pay a fine. And that's what has exactly happened here. He says the the law has no grace. Thankfully, he had grace. He said, "But it tells you you're a sinner. The law tells you you've done wrong. The law tells you." He said, "But when Jesus came on the scene, when Jesus come on the scene, law had no dominion anymore because by the grace, by the mercy that Jesus shed and the blood shed on Calvary, now he's on the scene and he was perfect." He said he was the identical image of the promise. Therefore, the promise of the Old Testament was met in Jesus Christ. It couldn't be met in Moses. Moses, like me and you, he made mistakes. But now that Jesus is on the scene, he says the the the the church will have to so match everything that God has promised and it must be the piece that's smitten off of it. So if the original, listen to this. So if the original is the word, so its subjects or believers, Christians, whatever you want to say, he says, "So its subjects that must be taken from it will be the word and match its side." Are you with me? Where the law condemns you, the law says you're dirty. He says the law says you're guilty. The law puts you in prison, but when he came, he was a matchpiece. And I like how he brought that out. He didn't say masterpiece, the matchpiece. He was the matchpiece in your life. He could bring you back to complete the ticket, the redemption that God had promised back in the Garden of Eden. He said when he said that thy seed that shall bruise the serpent's head. &gt;&gt; Oh this is good. He says now we find that this perfect masterpiece that God has completed. We now notice that it was all the promise he had to be. He said and all the prophecies everything that God had made a promise of thy seed shall bruise the serpent's head. Now, he could not bruise it with law. Did you think about that? He couldn't bruise it with law because law brings punishment. He couldn't do it with law. He could only He could not bruise it with the prophets. They made mistakes. &gt;&gt; They were they were fallible. He couldn't do it with the prophets. So he did it when the woman's seed became the masterpiece Christ. He was the stone that Daniel saw hwn out of the mountain. He was the one that that could smite. He was the one that could bruise the serpent's head. His life matched exactly the life of Moses and David. But here's the thing. Redemption day. What'd you do? &gt;&gt; The dirty, filthy clothes are no more. Why? Because I had a ticket in my hand. He had a ticket in his hand and said, "I don't have to live filthy and dirty and polluted anymore." Because Christ that went away in heaven and me down here, I was still on his mind. And the ticket came together and said, "Redeemed, [Applause] church age book, the key given me of the Lord." Now, this is brother Brandon a and the author writing. Can I I'm going to stop here because I I listened back to Brother Joe's message, Brother Joe Adams, and he I heard him mention the church age book. and and the church age book for some of you may not realize that it was not actually preached messages in the book. Brother Brandham preached the messages and then the book was compiled and called an exposition and this exposition was written by brother Lee Vale. Now that's been quite a controversy down through the time. It's not a problem with me because I can take the book, the church age exposition book, and I can line it up with all the messages that was preached. &gt;&gt; But I is it okay if I share this, brother Joe? Your story. Brother Joe, he he told me a story and brother Ber and and this is not in my notes. It just comes to me. But I want to clear up some error. And if this is wrong, well, talk to brother Joe. He said talk to him. But years ago, Brother Joe had a farm and it was a hunting farm and and and people would come in and visit. Well, Brother George Smith come in to visit and and he was hunting and he was and he was with Brother Joe and they were riding through the through Does everybody know who Brother George Smith is? Brother Brandham's son-in-law. &gt;&gt; Okay. So he he's riding through the through the through the woods and through the fields and they're talking and this well brother Joe's got something burning on his heart because he's always he at that point had a had a little bit of a problem with the church age book. Is that right? Leave veil and the church age book. So he asked brother George he said what about the church age book being written by Lee Vale? And he said well let me tell you how this went. He said, "The manuscripts come in to brother Brandham." And brother George Smith said that the manuscripts come into Brother Brandham. And brother Brandham called him up and said, "Brother George, let's go for a ride." And he said they were just right. He said he would do that from time to time and just want to go ride just to kind of get away and relax and get away. And he said he had the manuscripts in the car. Is this right? And he said he had the manuscripts in the car and he said, "I've got to go through this book, this church age book to make sure it's right." He said, "Would you pull it out of the envelope or whatever it was in?" And he said, "Now, if you'll just thumb through it." So, Brother George just started thumbing through it like you would through the leaves of paper. You know what I mean? And Brother Bam will say, "Stop. That needs to be corrected. Make a note right there." And he said he would thumb through it again and say, "Stop. That right there needs to be corrected. Make a note right there. That's not right." And he said they rode around and went through that book thumbing him thumbing through the pages and him being able through the eyes of a prophet be able to see exactly where it needed to stop, the corrections that needed to be made. Now, this is not gospel. I I didn't witness it. Brother Joe didn't witness this. This is and I hate to say this is hearsay, but it was a witness there and said, "That's the way that this book was edited. Now that's looking through the eyes of a prophet. &gt;&gt; But he says the key given me of the Lord. And the reason I said that is because when you read the church age book, it's you notice it's not it's not in preached form. The verbiage is different. What's that word? The vernacular is different. We learned that word. But he says the key given me of the Lord whereby I was able to determine the messenger for each age is almost is the most scriptural one. In fact, it might be called the keystone of the Bible. It is the revelation that God never changes. Are you with me? Let's get back on track here. And his ways are as unchangeable as he is. Here it is. An unchanging God with unchanging ways. what he did at the first, he will have to keep doing until it's done for the last time. &gt;&gt; There's no stopping point with God until this age is over, until we rapture out of here. &gt;&gt; The things that he did in the first church age, the original church, has got to be done today in this hour. &gt;&gt; There will never be a change. Apply that to the church ages. He said it. Why do people want to debate it? Apply that to the church ages. He says that's that kind of man that God chose for the first age and how God manifested in that man's ministry would be the example for all other ages. So what God did in that first church age is what he wants to do in all other ages. You know, I always as a young believer, as a young message believer and student of the of the of the message, I always wondered why all these guys had their own message. Paul, Ireneius, Martin, Columbus, Luther, Wesley. But then you get up there, they all had their own me, their own message, their own reformation, their own things that was happening. And brother Brandon gets up and he says, "I only preach what Paul preaches." And it took a revelation for me to figure out he's only preaching what Paul preaches because Paul preached the original word and the faith and the the messenger in this last age has to take the faith of the of the children back to the fathers. &gt;&gt; So it's a it's a restoration message and he's taken us back to the exact true word as God delivered it in the first church age at the day of Pentecost. He says that word can't change or be changed because the word is God. In the beginning was the word. The word was was with God and the word was God. To change one word of it as Eve did, we already been down that road. We seen what that produced. &gt;&gt; It produced a calvary. &gt;&gt; And he says, and if we change one word as Eve did, it brings in sin. It brings in death. It brings in as Revelations. It says, "If any man add unto these things, God shall add unto him plagues." &gt;&gt; I don't want to be living in a message full of plagues. I'm living in a message full of deliverance, full of victory, full of overcoming power, not plagues. That's how come he said, "I only preached what Paul preached." &gt;&gt; So that's why I only preach what brother Brandham preached. Because if he can preach it, I can preach it. Amen. &gt;&gt; We were talking the other day in prayer meeting back there and I said, you know, we were talking about and please don't don't th don't keep your stones in your bags. Okay? But a lot of us, me included, like to listen to other ministers around the message. &gt;&gt; There there's nothing wrong with that. &gt;&gt; I got I got I got my favorites, too. And we like to listen those messages. But when I found out in my life when I'm listening to other ministers more than I'm listening to the messenger of the hour. &gt;&gt; Oh, why y'all so quiet? &gt;&gt; I find out that that don't work out too well for me because it's his message that God gave him in this hour. Now, I love all these brothers. Don't get me wrong, I listen to them. But I I tell you that the first hour that I listen to on most days is an hour's worth of the message and then I listen to others. Man, I got to move. Brother Ber, they they digging around, squirming, squirming. But if any man shall add unto these things, God shall add plagues. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, out of the holy city, from the things which are written in this book. Thus, what the church was at Pentecost is the standard. &gt;&gt; You want to know how we're supposed to live? &gt;&gt; Study the book of Acts and study the day of Pentecost. I'm not talking about Isuza Street. I'm talking about the forefathers. When the Holy Ghost fell in that upper room chamber and they were baptized with the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost made them do things that me and you should be doing in this hour. Signs and wonders and things taking place. The church of Pentecost is a standard. That is the pattern. There is no other pattern. Well, I think if we do it this way, we can still fit it into the message. If we start, if we allow this, it'll draw more people, but we can still overshadow it with the message over here. Come on, church. &gt;&gt; He either said it or he didn't. &gt;&gt; We either believe it or we don't. &gt;&gt; We either live it or we don't. Thus, there is no other pattern. No matter what scholars say, God has not changed that pattern. What God did at Pentecost, he has has to keep on doing until the church age closes. What did they do after the day of Pentecost? Signs. You know, the Pentecostals want to say, "Well, they spoke in tongues, they danced, they shouted, and man, they had a jubilee." And they did, and we do, and we like it. But what's more important to me to be able to get up here and dance in the spirit and shout or to go and witness to somebody and see them give their heart to the Lord? Amen. &gt;&gt; What's more important for me to go and lay hands on somebody who's been sick and to see them recover and to see them to get well or to shout and speak in tongues? I think my mic's off. Brothers, what's more important? He says, "Scars will tell you that the apostolic age is over. Don't you believe it. &gt;&gt; Don't you believe it. Such a statement is wrong. He says Peter said repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for remission of sins and you shall what? &gt;&gt; Receive what? The gift of what? The Holy Ghost. I need the Holy Ghost. You need the Holy Ghost. We need a governor in our life or we go around breaking rules all over the place. &gt;&gt; Without the Holy Ghost, we're whoreongers. Without the Holy Ghost, we're drunkards. Without the Holy Ghost, we're drug addicts. &gt;&gt; Do you see the importance? What the church had at Pentecost is her inalienable rights. inalienable rights. If you don't know what that word is, it means the fundamental rights that are impossible to take away. It's impossible to take away. You need healing, that is an inalienable right that you have. You need salvation, that is an inalienable right that you have. You need deliverance over a habit. That is an inalien of a right that you have because Calvary was for you. I like this part. That original church was not organized by men. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because you know what man's idea does? &gt;&gt; It fails. &gt;&gt; That early church was not organized by men. They didn't get up there and Peter say, "Now listen, Jesus has gone off the scene. So, let me tell you what we're going to do." He may have been the rock, but he he wasn't the Holy Ghost at that time. He didn't have it at that time. He was up there waiting like the rest of them. Well, I think they didn't set up and say, "Well, I think if since Jesus done it this way, maybe we should go out there and do this." You know, there was what, seven sons ofKeva. Where was that that story? Now, I didn't study this up, so I might be a little bit need to brush the edges off and chip it away a little bit. But they thought they could go do something. They were going to try to do something in the name of Jesus. They didn't know who Jesus was. And then and that spirit come out and he said, "Let me ask you something." He said I think he said Peter Jesus I know Peter I know but who are you? Who are you? So we have to be careful with that. But under the anointing of the Holy Ghost it says we will have manifested and signs and wonders and the gifts of the Holy Ghost. That original church was not organized by men. It was led by the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; It wasn't very big. Man, I tell you what, when I was I I get tired. I only dream just a few few times a year. And I guess I was just wore out this morning and I fell into asleep in a dream. Brother Ber, take it for what you want. There was a thousand newcomers to this church. They they stand outside and said, "I don't know where we going to sit." I said, "I don't either. We got a balcony. Amen. &gt;&gt; I probably shouldn't even said that. Forgive me. I'm checking myself on that. It's just a It's just a dream. Okay. But he said it wasn't very big. It was liked by everybody. No, it was hated. It was despised. It was persecuted unto the death. But it was a true to God. No matter what the hardships, no matter the persecutions, they were true to God. They were stoned. They were bowled. They were hung upside down. But they were true to the word of God. That's the original church. It stayed with the original word pattern. Watch this. This this this is in a different message here. God was showing himself in this on the sacrifices. He's speaking of Christ. He said he God took Jesus to the Calvary and tore him apart. Tore him apart. He said he tore him apart and he received the body up into heaven and sent the spirit back down upon us. That same spirit that was on him has to be on you and dovetail to be the bride at the end time. &gt;&gt; Same spirit. He said that's right. See, it won't be a denomination. It'll be the word. That's what he was. And it's like the word has to come to word like in a human being. He said, you know, your body is built upon cells. And he had such a way to explain science that science can't explain itself. He said, in the human body, there was cell built upon cell upon sale upon sale. He said it wasn't a human cell and then the next cell built on there, a dog or the next sale of a pig. No, it was a human cell. And he said it was built on top of each other, cell after cell. And you know, I seen a study the other day and I thought it was the greatest one of the greatest scientific uh uh uh scientific it wasn't a study discoveries of all time. When I read this, I thought here's where it comes into play. You know, you were in the mind of Christ before the foundation of the world. You were predestinated. &gt;&gt; And if you were predestinated and you were in the mind of Christ, there had to be life in you. &gt;&gt; There had to be a light. Light is life, right? So science has now seen inside the womb of a woman and can see the egg of the woman and the life cell, the sperm of the male. And they've got it so precise now that they can see that when that one hits that egg and at the moment of contact, there's a spark of light. Somebody ought to be shouting because that tells us that right there at that very moment, the very thought of God says right there is the very life of of God coming down into that egg through that sperm cell, that life gene. and sell upon sale, he said. And that's the way it is in the body of Christ. It's all the word of God, not just part of it. &gt;&gt; All of it. Not just a little cell over here, a little cell over there. It's all that God was. It was salvation. It was healing. It's deliverance. It's all these things that he was. Brothers and sisters, that's the way it'll be in the last days. That's the way it'll be in the last day. That all that Christ was, the bride, will be also because Jesus plainly tells us, "The very works that I do, &gt;&gt; shall you do also." &gt;&gt; That's exactly right. &gt;&gt; We cut ourselves short. &gt;&gt; We cut ourselves short. Listen to this. This is a direct quote from the Pergamin church age. When the bride will get back to being a word bride, you want to know what the next statement is? She will produce the very works that Jesus produced. &gt;&gt; When she gets back to being the word bride, in other words, she takes this word and she begins to eat it and eat it and eat it and eat it. That's right. And then because she's eating it and eating it and eating, then she begins to live it and live it and live it. And then when she's living it, she begins to give it and give it and give it. &gt;&gt; Do you see how this cycle works? &gt;&gt; She will be a work uh she will produce the very works that Jesus produced. &gt;&gt; Brothers and sisters, you have been identified in this hour. You've been identified as overcomer. You're not you're not just uh you're not just following another movement, &gt;&gt; but the movement called out to you. The movement of Christ says you are an overcomer. You are victorious. The bride of Jesus Christ. And it's time we start living like it, brothers and sisters. Live like an overcomer. Don't let things be out of your reach. &gt;&gt; Don't let things be beyond your grasp. If you have if if if God tells you you need healing, if you need healing, grab your healing. &gt;&gt; If your children are weward, grab your children. Apply the word. Apply the word in their life, in your life. He says it this way in the first seal. He preaches in 63, the first seal. He says, "This is only to be revealed in the last day when this actual seal is broken." Broken to who? Not Christ, but to the church. Now, that left room for question, didn't it? Because some people sitting there was denominationalized. Well, is he talking about us? Is he talking about the Methodists, the Baptist, the P? Who's he talking about? Well, he must have picked up on that and he said, "Oh my, that just makes me tremble. That just makes me tremble. He said, 'I hope that the church truly understands it and what I mean, you people. I'm going to call you bride. Oh, there's a clear-cut definition right there. I'm not just talking to a church. I'm not just talking to an organization. I'm not just talking to some creeds and some dogmas that's been passed down through the ages. But what I am talking about is I'm talking about a bride church of Christ. The bride who lives the life of Jesus Christ. I'm talking to a specific group of people. And he said when you real born again Christians and you real servants of God hear that word. You come out of denominations. You come out of your creeds. You come out of all these things. And why? Because it falls on fertile ground. It falls on bedding ground and something on the inside of you says there's a seed on the inside of me. There's something on the inside that says I need sunlight. I need the s o n &gt;&gt; and something starts to grow. It was always there. It was always there. But something begins to grow. You know, I heard a preacher say some time ago that that serpent seed nature comes out in us sometime. I said, "What? That ain't no serpent seed in this heart." I don't know where he got that if he's a slip of a tongue or what, but I heard it plain as day. There ain't no serpent seed in here. If you're debating in your mind whether you uh whether the serpent seed you may have a little bit of a nasty nature where it says that you're born in this world speaking lies. That's a nasty nature but there ain't two seeds growing in here. &gt;&gt; You don't you don't pluck one out and throw it away. That's not the way it works. Because if we believe in predestination, we believe that that seed was always in there. &gt;&gt; Come on, church. There ain't no serpent seed down in here. There's two. You say, "Well, why did I go through the things that I went through? Why did I have to ch Why did I have to ask these questions? Why did I have to to have these challenges? Why did I have to to see all of this?" He said, "Because you were deceived in the beginning." You were deceived in the beginning. That didn't change who you was. Circumstances in life don't change who you are. Cancer does not change you being a Christian. &gt;&gt; It it it is determined by which report you believe. Yeah, I'm going to do this. It's been on my mind, been on my heart. I'm going to do it. I thought about Sister Donna and I hope this is okay, Sister Donna. it. Don't you scold me after church. Okay. They come to us and they said, "Brother Ber called me." He said, "We've had a report. It wasn't good. He was he was in a bad shape." So, we had a meeting, me and my wife and sister Hannah, we had a meeting because we're nurses and they had some questions. And so, we we had a meeting and and and you know, some of you know the story. and and the the doctor told her said, "You're going to die from this cancer." Well, that's not a very good report. And immediately we said, "Well, I think you need a second opinion." And Sister Hannah, I believe it was, spoke to me. said, "And we're going to pray that we that you'll be sent and you'll find a doctor that will that will at least listen and and examine this the way that that we want to see it through the eyes of Christ." So, the report said, "You're going to die." What' they give you? Three months. Was it that long? Three months, three weeks, three days? We don't know. But the report was she's going to die from this. There's nothing we can do. She goes to the second opinion and says the doctor says you're not going to die from this. People come overcome this all the time. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Which report did she want to believe? &gt;&gt; Whose report are you going to believe? Are you going to believe what Satan tells you, what Satan throws at you at your doorstep? Or are you going to believe what God says? Amen. &gt;&gt; Are we going to Yeah. Come on. Are we going to slay serpents? Are we going to stand on what c the serpent says? Whose report are you going to believe? &gt;&gt; I believe the report of the Lord. His report says, "I am healed." His report says, "I am filled." His report says, "I am free." His report says, "Victory." That's the report of the Lord. She looks better today than she has in two, three years. &gt;&gt; You better say that. [Music] You're an overcomer. &gt;&gt; We don't listen to the defeat. &gt;&gt; We don't accept the defeat. &gt;&gt; We listen to the report of the overcomer. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me find me a spot here. &gt;&gt; He says, "Now, I want you to notice the anointed word of his day, which you are a part of. When you heard that, you knew real quick you was an eagle. &gt;&gt; You knew real quick you was an eagle. When you heard that, you wasn't a denominational chicken to begin with. &gt;&gt; Serpent seed, God's seed. You wasn't, let me repeat that. You wasn't a denominational chicken to begin with. &gt;&gt; You know there was something wrong. There was something wrong. And you know that you were trapped in it at the beginning. He said, "But the bridegroom took away your shame. Those nasty things you used to do, the traps you fell into, the lifestyle that was not pleasing. &gt;&gt; He took all of that away from you. He took away your shame and he put it in the sea of his forgetfulness by the washing of the water of the word and the blood of life. There is no death to the believer. It's the blood of life. And by that he says you're standing completely justified as though you never did it in the beginning. He said, "I'm trying to tell you to pull away from them shucks. Pull away from them shucks." You know, we we we should be rooted in the word. So rooted into the word that all of our nutrients come right through the word, through the word. Through the message, through the word. I got some pictures on my phone. I I wasn't going to bring it out in this message, but I wished I would have give it to them. But we we raised the moms, you know, we raised those moms. But we got some that just didn't have a good root system. And so I took pictures. This is about a month and a month or so after growing, month and a half after growing. And I took pictures of them. And I was going to show you here in church, and maybe we will sometime. But because the root system wasn't feeding on the nutrients, they begin to wither. They begin to die out. They had They look good in places, man. They look like they really was serving. Are you with me? They look like they really was growing, but then you go to the other side of them and it's just dead, wilted up, withered. What was it? They wasn't getting all the nutrients because the roots had been damaged. But you take that plant that's sitting right beside it, the same variety, the same species sitting right there beside it, and the roots are healthy, and it begins to suck in those nutrients, and it begins to feed. And it feeds on the word and it feeds on the message and it's feeding on God. It's feeding on the su like we feed on the s end. And that plant is sitting there today and it's this big around and it's green all over and it's fixing to bud. Why? Because it's feasting on the word. But really from the beginning, you were predestinated to be a son and daughter of God. He said, you're standing there completely. You never sinned at the first place. God don't even know nothing about it. Isn't that an amazing thing that all the things that you've done your life that you beat yourself up for day after day? I wish I'd never done this. I wished I'd never said that. I wish I I wished I wished I wished. God's thinking, what in the world is he talking about? &gt;&gt; I don't even I I I don't know what he's thinking because I I never seen that happen. I don't even know that that took place. What is he beating himself up for? Why do we beat ourselves up &gt;&gt; when the blood has been shed? God is an imu immutable in his nature. Then he is just as immutable in his ways. We're learning some words today. Immutable. Immutable means something that cannot be changed or altered. When he says you healed, you're healed. When he says your kids are yours, they're yours. When he says you're delivered from the filth of this world, you're delivered. When he says, "I saved your soul as though you never done it." You never did do it. So if he's a healer then, he's a healer now, a savior then, a savior now, a burden bearer then. He bears our burden today. &gt;&gt; That's my God. I'm going to read this quote again. We've read it about three times and I'm going to read it this maybe three or four. Christ in the true church is a continuation of the book of Acts. &gt;&gt; But the but the book of Revelation shows the Antichrist spirit would come into the church and defile it, making it lukewarm, formal, and powerless. It exposes Satan. It reveals his works attempted the destruction of God's people and discrediting God's word right down to the time he's cast into the lake of fire. He fights that. &gt;&gt; Why are you in a battle? He fights that. &gt;&gt; Why does temptations come, Paul? He's fighting you. &gt;&gt; Why does doubt creep in our minds when we know the power that lays in the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; He's fighting it. He's not going to lay down. &gt;&gt; He don't cow down. He's fighting it. He can't stand it. He knows that if the people get the true revelation of the true church, &gt;&gt; what she is, &gt;&gt; what she stands for, and that she can do the greater works. Say it with me. She will be an invincible army. You say, "Why do you keep why do you keep using that quote?" Because I want you to know in your mind that if you can get what God wants you to be, you will be that invincible army. That's you he's talking about. This wasn't this wasn't his message. It's our message. This is our message. I send you Elijah &gt;&gt; the prophet. &gt;&gt; He didn't say, "I send Elijah for himself." &gt;&gt; Eleazar didn't go find a bride for himself. Uh-uh. Elezer was sent out to find a bride for the bridegroom. The message was sent for you. The message is sent for us in this hour. This is our time. This is our season to let the world know what God is doing in this last of the church age. This church age is going to end. And when it ends, it'll be because of a rapture. Somebody's going to have to take that rapture. Somebody's going to have to live the signs and the wonders. Somebody has to be the ambassador and the representative in this hour. &gt;&gt; Somebody has to let the world know that God is not dead. There is a living God in Elton, Kentucky. There's a living God. Oh, church. There's a living God that moves through his people. And this is the season that we let the world know through the life that we live. He will bring back in the last day. And they will hear a vindicated prophet give the exact truth as it was with Paul. He will restore the truth as they had it. I like how he always mentioned himself but never bragged on himself. Did you hear it? There'll be a vindicated prophet give the exact truth as it was with Paul. He will restore the truth as they had it. and those elect with him in that day will be the ones who truly manifest the Lord. You know what it means to manifest, right? You're going to do what he did. You're going to produce exactly what he did. So, they'll be the ones that manifest the Lord. Oh, don't let this one hurt you now. And be his body. It gets better. And be his voice and perform his works. He said, "But what's the matter is we got a bunch of hybrid buzzards." Uh-oh. We got a bunch of hybridized buzzards running around. And he said, "These buzzards, they go down there and they begin to to to to go in there and they get the crow in the nest. They're not eagles, although they may act like it, but they're they got a hybrid religion trying to mix the oil in the water. Have you ever seen that? Have you I you know I I've drained the oil in vehicles before and and leave it sitting out and forget about it and it rain on it. You talking about a nasty mess. You know that water that was once so clear and so pure, now it's kind of got a it's got a film on it. It's like a slick. It's just kind of milky and nasty. And that oil, it just it's it's broken down because oil and water don't mix. Buzzards and eagles don't mix. [Music] &gt;&gt; If they couldn't sit in the nest together, they sure ain't going to nest here together. &gt;&gt; He said they couldn't set in the nest together. But he says, listen, he said it don't mix. He said, "But that little crow jumps up there and he call days of miracles has passed. &gt;&gt; Days of miracles has passed." I had somebody ask me some time ago said, "Are you are you aware of the movement or do you know anything about the movement where it's all about signs and wonders and miracles?" I had to think for a minute. Well, I hope I'm kind of part of that movement. And they went on to say, "Yeah, there's a movement that it's all about signs and wonders and miracles, but they don't really have to live a life." I said, "Now, I ain't heard about that." I said, 'The the places I know where miracles are happening, signs and wonders are happening. The people are living the word. &gt;&gt; The people are living the message. They're following the word. They're doing the very things. And it's producing what the word says it'll produce. I kind of didn't know where they were going with that. I just kind of left it at that and said, "Hey, where I see it happening, they live in the word." He said that that crow, that buzzard calls out and says, "This is all fanaticism." You know, I find out a lot of times it's all fanaticism until people need something fanatical. You need a healing. You ready to get fanatical now? &gt;&gt; Change an attitude. &gt;&gt; You need You need deliverance. You got You're living a life of bondage. You get a little fanatical when you know there's a way to get free. &gt;&gt; Amen. Papa Eagle. They look like him. They believe the same he does. They look like him. They're made like him. They're built like him. He knows they're genuine eagles. Oh my. That's what God wants is genuine Messiah. That's a big word. That's a strong word because when you look at Messiah, Messiah means the anointed. And he says there, we are his children and we have a lesser anointing. Jehovah eagle is the great eagle. We're the eagles. He's the Messiah. We're the Messiah. He means he was anointed one. You are anointed. &gt;&gt; Oh, he says the with what? the same spirit that he was anointed with. &gt;&gt; The only difference is we have it in measure. &gt;&gt; He's unmeasurable. And he says it's like in that ocean out there. He said you take that spoonful and you take a spoon and dip it down into the ocean. Every bit of the elements that's in that ocean, whether it's sodium, calcium, pot pod ash, all the minerals, the vitamins, they're all in that spoon. But you can only get a taste of that. But you look out there in that ocean, you try to tell me how much of that is out there. It's immeasurable. You can't measure it. And that's the way it is. Even though God is everything we have need of, a portion of that lays on the inside of the believer in this hour to do the very works he did. The greater works. Why is it greater? Let me ask you this. to make this this there's a lot of ways you can look at this, but look at it this way today. Why is it greater? Did you Was you there when Jesus done those things? Did you see it? Why do you believe it? Why do you believe it? You wasn't there. You didn't see it. You didn't hear it. You didn't witness it. But more blessed is he &gt;&gt; that did not see but believes. &gt;&gt; And you can take the very words that you've read in paper, the words written in red, the message of the hour, and you can believe the stories because you know people, you heard people, and you just that something on the inside of your heart begins to believe and it says, "I know this is real. I know this was done. There was too many witnesses. It's went around and around and around the world. There had to be some truth to it. It might look like a ocean and it is exactly. He said that's the way Papa Eagle thinks about his little ones. How he struts around. He'll scream and they scream back. I had a hard time with this picture kind of at first because he talks about this eagle, Papa Eagle, strutting around and he he's typing that out to the Lord. And here's our Lord strutting around and he's screaming down to his people and he said, "I'm he that was." And the little eagle screams back, "Amen, papa." You hear it and you respond. I am he that is. &gt;&gt; Amen, Papa. &gt;&gt; I am he that is to come. Amen, Papa. And this goes back and forth and back and forth. And he says that I am the same yesterday, today, and forever. &gt;&gt; Amen. I am a healer. Amen. I still give the Holy Ghost. Amen. This is direct quotes. Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm the same yesterday and for forever. Amen, Papa. But then that crow says, &gt;&gt; I'm glad we don't hear a bunch of calling going on in here. I I said, I'm glad we hearing a bunch of amen and not a bunch of calling. We don't have buzzers. This ain't a buzzer boneyard around here. &gt;&gt; Buzzards don't roost around here. We get rid of the buzzards. &gt;&gt; You know why? Because we're serpent slayers. [Applause] You know, Moses, Moses was given quite a commission. You think about Moses. He's seen he seen what was going on with the uh with the children of Israel and he seen with their bondage. He seen what was going on and he tried to take matters in his own hands. That didn't work out too well for him. But he he tried to take matters in his own hands and and and and and caused the death and a murder of a of a soldier. Caused him a lot of troubles, a lot of hardships. Had to run off into the desert. But Moses had a commission. Moses comes in there to a place and he says he comes before the Lord and the Lord is in a burning bush on the back side of the desert and the Lord says to him, I have seen the oppression of my children and I have heard their cries. I want you to watch what he says. I have come down. He's here. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The children of Israel are here. I have come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians and to bring them up from the land to a good and large land, a land flowing with milk and honey. Now, God didn't just decide out of the blue, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to take care of this problem. No, he he's seen this this problem for over 400 years. And he's letting Moses know, I've heard the oppression of my people. I want you to know that I'm compassionate about my people. But Moses is at this state as he in his life, he's in a separation from God. How many's ever been in that separation? Yeah. You you maybe find yourself in a separation away from God. And Moses is in this separated state and he's and God is speaking to him. And even though Moses is separate from God and sometimes we find ourselves separate from God, he's really not that two distant away. He comes down and he begins to speak to Moses and he says, "I will send you &gt;&gt; personal pronoun. I will have a bride. &gt;&gt; I no longer call you church. I call you bride." And he's speaking to Moses here and he says,"Ive come down to deliver deliver them and come now therefore I will send you." So you mean God has to rely on human resources? This would be a HR department's nightmare, wouldn't it? You go in there, you tell them, "God told me to tell these women to Some of you get that." But Moses sits there and he says, "What am I going to tell them?" Lord, I I know what you're saying. I hear what you're saying. But you know the children of Israel, they're going to ask, "Who sent you? Who sent you? Who who am I going to tell them that sent me down here to come and deliver them out of the hands of the Egyptians?" He said, "Moses, tell them I am that I am. I am that I am." And when they, the children of Israel ask you, you say, "I am has sent me to you." You say, "What if they say what's what's what's his name?" You see it it was kind of important because God always had revealed himself through names and titles down through the ages there. Abraham he he encountered a mazdc that was called God the most high. Later on Abraham seen the almighty God. Abraham then become to know the Lord as the everlasting God. You see Hagar says encountered that you are the God who sees. And this goes on and on and on. So down through time the children of Israel was going to ask who who sent you. You tell them I am that I am has sent me. Tell the children of Israel I am have sent me. And brother Brandham says Moses got up got up on he got on that next morning. He took his wife and set her up on that mule and she had a baby on her hip. And they go trotting out through there. And here's Moses now with the whiskers hanging down to his waist and walking down through there, a bald head shining, a crooked stick in his hand, shouting as hard as he could go. Where you going, Moses? I'm going down to Egypt to take it over. &gt;&gt; Take it over? A one-man invasion? How? He says because he had an absolute. He said he had an absolute. He had something. He had the word of God that he could stand on. He said it would be like today if God told you to go and one man take over Russia. &gt;&gt; This is the commission that he was given. So Moses is going down there and the the brother Brandham said the thing about it was he did it. &gt;&gt; So many times God calls on us. He asked us and sometimes we play it off or we push it off. But not Moses. He listened. He stood on the word and he did it. He did what God said. Now I want you to watch what God tells Moses. This is good. You know, Moses was full of excuses. Full of excuses. Separated from God. I'm not good enough. I can't speak well enough. They They won't honor me. They'll kill me. They won't They won't have me. What am I going to do? How am I going to do it? Listen to what God told him. He said, "I have made thee a god to Pharaoh." You ever heard of igllets? You heard of messiahs? I have made thee a god to Pharaoh. You see, Pharaoh had rejected all of the dealings with Yahweh, the God of Israel. He looks at him, he he tells him, he says, "Now, who is this? Who is the Lord that I should obey his voice and let Israel go?" You see, before Pharaoh, God, Moses now stands as God before Pharaoh. Pharaoh wouldn't have nothing to do with the with the one true God. So God pulls Moses onto the scene and says,"Now I'm going to make you a God in the eyes of Pharaoh." That's strong words, isn't it? Who sent you? I am that I am. Why should I let the people go? Because I am said so. Under which merit should I allow this to happen? And he takes that crooked stick and he throws that crooked stick down on the ground. And what does it become? Serpent. Well, then here comes Pharaoh's Janice. Jambbras, come here and show us what you can do. So they take their rods and they cast them on the ground and they become &gt;&gt; But what does Moses's serpent do? You see, he was a serpent slayer. He had the word of God. God had made him a god before Pharaoh. The little G, not a big G, just like us. Little eaglet, little Messiah, little gods, amateur gods, ambassadors. And now here's Moses's serpent. It takes and it gobbles up the other two. You see, Satan can't live in the sight of God. If you let God be the overshadow, Satan has to leave. He has to flee. He can't dwell in the same place with God Almighty. God is calling for some serpent slayers. &gt;&gt; I think it's time some of us find our place in and a place in our life to where we say somebody ask you, how can you have your healing? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because I am. I am healed. &gt;&gt; Who told you you was? I am healed. I got a whole list of them. You're not the same person I used to know. What happened to you? I'm a new creature. &gt;&gt; Serpent slayers. When the enemy comes our way, we throw the I am. Under the anointing of the Holy Ghost, I am delivered under the anointing of the Holy Ghost. I am justified under the anointing of the Holy Ghost. I'm a new creature. I'm a new creation. I'm being transformed. I am heir. &gt;&gt; I am delivered. I'm free. I'm no longer in bondage. &gt;&gt; I am a serpent slayer. I am an eagllet. How many believes you're an eagllet today? &gt;&gt; Let's stand to our feet. We got more, but we'll save it. We don't want to wear you out. I'm not a gadget guy. This is This was Carson's. He didn't want anymore. So I I took it over. I want you to listen to this as we get ready to close. I find out one of the greatest hindrances that the church has got today is that they're scared to death. As we pause there for a minute, you think Moses when he throwed that that rod down and then he saw Janice and Jambers, the two magicians, he saw their snake, do you think he jumped back and said, "Oh, I I guess I better head back to the desert. He's got two. I only got one." The biggest hindrance that the church has today is they're scared to death. He says, "What are you scared about? What are you scared about? If you could just only realize that who you are, you don't know who you are. You don't know that who that is sitting next to you. You say, "Well, that's my neighbor. That's your brother, right? Is that your brother?" You claim him Paul. You're a good man. That's my brother. He says, "But when you look at it and you know him, that's right. But he's a son of God. He's more than just your brother. That's more than just your sisters. You're more than just neighbors. You're a son and you're a daughter. You're sitting beside a son and a daughter of God. That's who's sitting next to you. And who are you? You're a Christian believer. You're a son and daughter of God. So, what are you scared about? No need of being scared. &gt;&gt; No need in being scared. He said, "As long as the devil can keep you scared, that's all he wants to do because he's got you right then." &gt;&gt; But Jesus rose up and said, "Fear not." &gt;&gt; You say, "Why is fear such a big thing? Why is fear such a big hindrance? Why why is fear is what he's talking about?" What is the first thing that happens when they say cancer? What happens when when you hear that there's been an accident? What happens when you see your kids going the wrong way? &gt;&gt; You see where this all goes? But he said, "Don't let fear scare you. &gt;&gt; We have nothing to fear. &gt;&gt; Fear not." Listen, as long as that exists, the church can never stand upright. How many serpent slayers do we have? &gt;&gt; I'm not afraid. I'm not afraid of what Satan says. I'm not afraid of what he does. I'm not afraid of what he throws at me. As long as this fear exists, the church can never stand upright. And whenever they talk of fear is whenever talk of fear is vanished, the Holy Spirit is completely in control of the church. You want to be powerful? Listen to this. And when all fears are gone, the church has the power. How? He says, how? They have everything that heaven owns behind them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, listen to me. Everything that heaven owns stands behind you. It supports you. It pushes you. He says, why? They're ambassadors of the throne. Amen. &gt;&gt; You're God's ambassador on the scene. &gt;&gt; What is an ambassador? They have the rights to everything the country has. He said if he was an ambassador for the United States and goes into Russia, he's got everything that the United States stands behind him and gives him. &gt;&gt; And if you're a Christian today and you're standing up on the word of God and you believe in Jesus for everything you have need of there, everything that heaven has is standing behind you. An ambassador of Christ has authority. Say, "I've got authority." &gt;&gt; I've got authority. &gt;&gt; Everything that Christ owns belongs to that ambassador. Let's bow our heads today. Heavenly Father, we come before you thankful, Lord, for the service you've given us. We trust we didn't tire anybody and that the word went forth and fell on fertile ground. But it just grows us, Father, to see in this late hour that we're living in. That at the final days of this age that we're living in, there will be a bride. There will be a group of people that are the true ambassadors of Christ, that the seed of a living God dwells on the inside. And and as the word goes, it grows. And as the word goes forth, it's fertilizing that seed. And that seed comes to manifestation. And that seed separates itself from the shook. And it holds itself up in the light of the sun. Lord Jesus, make us that people. Lord, no doubt there's people here that struggle with different different things, different anxieties and fears and doubts, but we don't have to fear those things. We don't have to we don't have to be lend an ear to the devil's lies and his tactics because we are serpent slayers. that day on Calvary when that price was paid and you went up to that cross and Satan was gnawing and striking at your feet and striking at your heels and trying to make you doubt what you was doing. When that blood be to run down that Calvary, that hill called Calvary, and that blood ran down the feet, and life left your body, Lord. That was for me. You died. That was for me. You died. And you went into a cold, dark tomb. And you laid there. That was for me. That was for the believers here. That was for evening light tabernacle. That was for believers around the world. That was for the bride. And you laid there in that cold, dark tomb. But on that third day when you rose again, you crushed the head of the serpent. That heel crushed the head of the serpent. That we no longer have to live in fear. We no longer have to live depressed. We no longer have to live with the with the torture and the torment of the devil. but that in this hour because of that heel bruised that serpent and crushed his head, we live as overcomers. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. For being mindful of us and our needs. We love you, Lord, with all of our hearts. We thank you. We give you praise. We give you glory. We can't we just can't we can't glor g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g glorify you enough Lord. But all that we can give to you, all the worship, all the praise, Lord, let it be pleasing to your ear, let it be heartfelt because we love you, Lord. Without you, we're nothing. In Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. He became me. He became me that I might become him by grace. He became me that I might become him by grace. He took my place that I thank you Lord. Thank you Lord Jesus. Lord, for he became me that I might become him by grace. Sing my name once again. Oh, and he became me that I might become my grace. Oh, he became me that I might become my grace. Oh, he took my place that I through his love could take he [Music] became me that I might become by grace. Amen. You love him this morning. Amen. You enjoy the word this morning. And we've got the power. Yes. In the name of Jesus, we've got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. And though Satan raes, we will not be defeated. [Music] We've got the power. [Music] Oh, in the name of the Lord. Give me your hand. Oh, give me your hand now. Let's agree together. All of our eneies will crumble at our feet. [Music] For whatever we bind on earth will be bound in heaven at the name of Jesus. Oh, Satan has to bleed. [Music] Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. We've got the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. [Music] overcome the raes. We will not be defeated. [Music] We've got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. [Music] For many years now, Satan's tried to stop us. But the bride of Jesus is still alive. Oh yes. And like a mighty army, we'll be marching on earth, winning every battle. Yes. For the Lord by our side. Oh, we've got the power in the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh, we've got the power. Thank you, Lord. Oh, in the name of the Lord. [Music] And though Satan raes, we will not be defeated. Oh, we've got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. Oh, we've got the power. Yes. In the name of Jesus, [Music] we've got the power. Yes, Lord. In the name of the Lord. [Music] And though Satan rages, we will not be defeated. Oh, got the power in the name of the Lord. Make it personal. I've got the power. Oh, I've got the power in the name of Jesus. Oh, I've got the power. Oh, in the name of the Lord. [Music] And though Satan raes, I will not be defeated. [Music] We've got the power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. You thankful for that power in our hearts and lives. And Amen. You love him with all your heart this morning. Amen. God bless you this morning. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord today and just come back Wednesday night and uh expecting the Lord to move in a special way. And I promise if you come hungering, he'll come and feed you. Amen. God bless you, brother. Is it Orardo? I I I'm bad with names. Would you dismiss us this morning? Amen. God bless you. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Well, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for saving me. Oh, thank you. Thank you, Lord, for setting me free. Well, once I
