################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-12-02 - The Hand of The Diligent - Bro. Dennis McBride - Dennis McBride.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-12-02
Title:   The Hand of The Diligent - Bro. Dennis McBride
Speaker: Dennis McBride
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fP70RdKwRPk
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Good evening everyone. Welcome to the house of the Lord again. We thank God for his mercies to us. Want to come and fellowship with the Holy Spirit tonight. For the privilege he has given us, making us a inheritor of his very life. Amen. As David was saying in Psalm 34, he said, "Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him. Oh, fear the Lord, ye his saints, for there is no lack to them that fear him. The young lions do lack and suffer hunger, but they that seek the Lord shall not lack any good thing." Amen. Let's stand to our feet tonight. We want to thank God for his grace. Want to sing this song, Leaning on the Everlasting Arms. Oh, what a fellowship. What a joy divine. Leaning on the everlasting arms. What a fellowship. What a joy divine peaning on the everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace is mine. Leaning on the everlasting arms. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, [Music] leaning, leaning on the everlasting, oh how sweet, oh how sweet to walk in this pilgrim way, leaning on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Leaning on the everlast. Leaning on Jesus lead. Halleluah. Lean. Safe and secure. Safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning. Leaning, leaning on the everlast. What have I to dread? What have I to dread? What have I to fear? Leaning on the everlasting arms. I have blessed peace with my Lord so near. Leaning on the everlast. Leaning on Jesus. Lead. Hallelujah. Lean. Safe and secure. Safe and secure from all alarms. Leading. Leaning, leaning, everlap. Oh, how sweet to walk. Oh, how in this pilgrim way, pilgrim way, leaning on the everlast. Oh, how bright the path. Oh, how grows from day to day. When I'm leaning on the everlast, leaning on Jesus, leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all. Leaning on Jesus. Hallelujah. Leaning, leaning on the ever. What have I to dread? What have I to dread? What have I to bear? Leaning on the everlast. I have blessed peace. Hallelujah. with my Lord so near leaning on the ever leaning on Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Lean. Oh, I am safe and secure from all alarms. Leaning, lean, leaning on Jesus. Leaning on the ever. Leaning on Jesus for us again. Leaning, leaning, safe and secure from all alarms. Lead. Halleluah. Leaning. Leaning. Let's sing it one more time. I'm leaning on Jesus. Lean. Hallelujah. Lead. I'm safe and secure. Safe and secure from all alarms. Lean. Halleluah. Leaning. leaning on the everlasting arms. Hallelujah. Bless your name, Lord. Hallelujah, Father. Oh, we worship you tonight, Lord. We bow our hearts as we open in prayer. Gracious heavenly father, we come with thanksgiving to you, Lord. Lord, we are just so privileged. We are so blessed that you have chosen us, Lord. the things you have revealed to us, the things you have brought us through, the things you have provided for us. Oh God, in this time of darkness, you've given us light, Lord. In this time of judgment, you've given us mercy. Father, we thank you, Lord. We invite your presence among us tonight, Lord. Lord, take every heart, every hungry one that comes tonight. May they leave here filled, Lord. Anyone that needs deliverance, may they have that deliverance tonight, Father. For when you come, you come to set the captives free, Lord. Lord, meet every need. Walk by every seat, every pew, Lord, and give us what they have need of. But you promise you supply our needs according to your great riches in glory. Bless your servant as he comes tonight. Let your word have free course among us again. Lord, bless our hearts as we sing the sweet songs of Zion. We give you all the glory and all the praise in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Everyone say amen. Bless the Lord. Let's give him a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah to you, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Amen. Amen. We couldn't get away from this song today. As this song, no never alone. He promised never to leave me. It's such an assurance. Amen. the the world has come through quite a shock 2020 and they're looking forward to 2021 to what's going to happen next and we we don't have that kind of anxiety. Amen. We see what the Lord has already done for us. We read the back of the book. We know what the promise is. Amen. He promised never to leave us alone. Amen. Well, I've seen the lightning flashing. I've heard the thunder roll. I've felt since breakers dashing trying to conquer my soul. But I've heard the voice of my savior [Applause] telling me still to fight on. For he promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No. Never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Well, this world's wind blowing temptation sharp and keen. Oh, but I have a peace in knowing my savior. He stands in between. Hallelujah. Oh, he stands to shield me from danger when all my friends are gone. For he promised never, hallelujah, Lord, never alone. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave. Hallelujah. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. So when in affliction's valley I'm treading the road of care. Oh my savior helps me to carry my cross when heavy to bear. And my feet entangled with pride, [Applause] ready to cast me down. But my savior, he whispers his prom. Hallelujah. I never will leave you alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never alone. He promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. No, never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Well, he died for me on the mountain. For me they pierced his side. for me. He opened the fountain that crimson cleansing hallelujah for me. He's waiting in glory, seated upon his throne. And he promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. No, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Oh no, never alone. Oh no, never alone. Jesus promised never to leave me. Never to leave me alone. Hallelujah. Bless you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. Hallelujah. Never, never, never, never leave me alone. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let his word comfort your hearts. Amen. Amen. I don't have any um prayer request or prayers reports. Um we have one prayer request from brother uh John Porter. He said his his work workmate um Earl Strickland was diagnosed with liver cancer and he's bringing his name before the Lord. He want to bring his name up. Ask the Lord for deliverance and most of all to reveal himself to him in this time of distress. and also brother Richie Douglas. He sent his love to the church. And yes, that we remember Sister Christine Douglas. Amen. She's been, you know, just the trials of life, but the Lord has promised to be with us even when we our bodies begin to get old and succumbing to the the the pressures of life, but he promised to keep us. And we want to remember her and for the Lord to strengthen her in her times of weakness. Amen. Um, are there any? Yes, sister. [Music] Okay, man. Anyone else? Amen. Let's let's bow our hearts before the Lord. Heavenly Father, Lord, once again we come before you. Lord, we thank you for your promises. Lord, we stand upon these promises for you have revealed yourself to us. You have given us the faith, Lord. We we know that your word is true, Lord. We we live in a very, Lord, deceptive time, a time of turbulence and Lord, a time of change. Father, but you are the one who has never changed, Lord, and your word is still the same, Lord. They said they shall lay hands upon the sick and they shall recover. Lord, you are the healer of every disease. Lord, Lord, you are the great physician, Father. We bring these requests for healing, Lord, for trickling, Lord. And Lord, for sister Bridgette and and her son and daughter-in-law, believe she said, "Father, Lord, bring healing to these bodies as you always do, Father. Show yourself as the Jehovah Rafa. I am the Lord that health all thy diseases." And Lord, we not fail to bring all the glory and praise back to your name. For you are the same today as you were yesterday, Father. Lord, we bring Sister uh Douglas before you as well that you will continue to work in her life and to give her the strength where she has need of it. Father, be with her in this time, Lord. Lord, also we thank you for the offering and the tithes tonight. Pray you would bless it Lord to to be working to your service and bless those who had to give and continue to provide Lord for those who don't have will have it another time. We commit the rest of the service into your hands in your precious holy name. Amen. Amen. Let's have our seats. Amen. I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. Amen. The Amalachites thought that he was only a God in the mountain. He's a God in the valley as well. Amen. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. I found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. Oh, in sorrow he's my comfort. in trouble. He's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Well, he all my grief has taken and all my sorrows borne in temptation. He's my strong and mighty t. Oh, I have all for him forsaken. I've all my idols torn from my heart. And now he keeps me by his power. Though all the world, all the world forsake me and Satan and tempt me so through Jesus I shall safely reach my goal. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never leave me, never ever leave me, nor yet forsake the air while I live by faith and do his blessed will. He's a wall of fire, a wall of fire up nothing, nothing now to fear. With his manner he, my hungry soul, shall fear. Oh, then sweeping up to glory, we'll see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest up. He'll never never leave me. He'll never never leave me. Nor yet forsake me here while I live by faith and do his blessed will. He's a wall of fire. A wall of fire up. I have nothing to fear. For with his manner he my hungry soul shall fill. Oh then sweeping up to glory we'll see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley. the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000. He's the lily of the valley. Oh, he's the lily of the valley, the bride and more. He's the fairest. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, bless your name, Father. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Is anyone have a special they had prepared? Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord a hand. Thank God for the gifts he's placed in our our mids. Amen. Praise God. God bless you. [Music] I want to sing this song to the glory of God. Pray it'll be a blessing. I heard this last service and I heard it again to this evening. So I believe this is the correct appropriate song. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and sing. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Hallelujah. Because of who you are, I give you praise. [Music] Because of who you are, we will lift our voice and sing. Lord, we worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra, [Music] my proider [Music] Jehovah na Lord, you reign in victory. Jehovah Shalom are our prince of peace. Lord we worship you because of who you are. Sing it church. Because of who you are, we give you gloryy [Music] because of who you are. We give you praise [Music] because of who you are. We will lift our voice and sing. Oh Lord, we worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra. Oh my proider. [Music] Jehovah n Lord you reign in victory. Jehovah shalom prince of peace. Lord we worship you because of who you are. Jehovah Gyra our proider Jehovah na yes oh Lord you reign in victory Jehovah shalom I'm Prince of peace. Lord, we worship you because of who you are. Lord, we worship you because of who you are. Lord, we worship you because of who you are. Hallelujah, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. May we all stand as we about to invite the word. Have thine own way, Lord. We're going to sing that chorus. 357. Want the Lord to have his way among us as we yield, as we die to ourselves and let him have his way. He's continuing to shape us into his very image. He's not going to be joined to anything less. Amen. He going to be married to a virgin bride, spotless, no wrinkle, no spot. And that's what he's doing with our lives. Praise God. He's already done it because he took us from himself. Amen. Forget the flesh, saints. Look at the soul. Hallelujah. Have thine own way, Lord. as we invite a pastor to to um introduce tonight's minister. Have thine own way, [Music] Lord. Have thine own way. Thou art the potter. Thou art the potter. I am the clay. I am the mold me and make me. Mold me and make me after thy will. after thy will while I am waiting. While I am waiting, yielded there still. Amen. Are you waiting tonight? Yielded already. Amen. It's amazing. Seems like brother Robert was with me when I was meditating today. Every song he sung tonight, including sister Zadi's song is about the sermon on Sunday. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Praise the name of the Lord. No, never alone. the lily of the valley and brother Robert even says that he's not only the god of the mountain but God of the valley say my goodness this anointing start on already by the musician amen praise the name of the lord and because of who you are and I begin to listen to her saying Jehovah and she hit the second one Jehovah ni I say my goodness the whole sermon is confirmed Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. If you don't know what an anointing is, just learn from what you see in this church. Sometime it will strike you like power. Sometime it's sweet calm, but it's moving powerfully. Amen. Sometime it might make you fall down. Sometime it will make you cry or shout. All of that add the different flavor of the anointing of the Holy Spirit. I believe everybody including those online got a text for the oncoming meeting. You have any question? The trustees, the deacons, sister L'Oreal and everybody else. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Brother Elijah sent me I believe it's him. He sent me a text this evening around 6 something 6:30 something. his wife, Sister Becky, have a baby girl. Amen. So, we had Gabriela, we had Onyx, Brother Paul, and daughter. Now, it's Ivana. Amen. That's brother Elijah's daughter. Mom and baby are doing great by God's grace. didn't have a chance to talk to them, but Lord's willing, after service, we will be talking to them. But praise the Lord, he's adding more. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. I was studying and meditating for the oncoming Sunday if Jesus Terry to come. Amen. Yeah, I know we already established the problem between Mori and Esther. Now we have the background where that battle started from Amalcch and now we need to get into the banquet of Esther. What is going on with the two banquet of Esther? If you want to read it, it's Esther chapter 5 and Esther chapter 7. Esther chapter 6 is just in between the two which is the revelation of the son of man where Morci used the king's horse the king's uh apparel to reveal the kings to the public. Morci was not the king but he was a son of man revealing this son of man to the public. Amen. When you look it's like Christ but it's not Christ. It is Mori. The king is in the palace in between in between Esther chapter 5 and chapter 7. Chapter 5 is the first banquet. Chapter 7 is the second banquet. In between those two banquet, you have the revelation of the son of man which is the second pool because it's a discernment. Amen. So I don't know we need to work where the the other two pools are. Amen. Now you begin to work. Praise the name of the Lord. I'm now going to put brother MBR in trouble. Amen. Brother McBride is with us here. He's a caliber minister. The last time he ministered for us, he was wonderful. And usually we don't have visitors here. I just told him outside. He's a home. Have your liberty. Preach the house down like your home. Amen. So you know MBR already. I know him since the old church. You already know him here. He's a wonderful minister, wonderful spirit, and a servant of the Lord. So, we're going to invite him tonight, and he's going to take his liberty and preach what the Lord have in his heart for this church. Amen. Only believe. Well, only believe. Only [Music] believe all things are possible. [Music] All things are Lord I believe. Amen. Lord I believe. Oh, all things are. [Music] Lord, I believe. Amen. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible, Lord. I Amen. Let us all bow together. And as we bow, let us be mindful that we're bowing before a living God who is here right now. Thank you, Lord. And before we even ask, he already knows. [Music] But he's able to do all things. So let's approach him in confidence. Heavenly Father, we say thank you, Lord, for allowing each one of us to be able to gather here tonight. It's by your grace, Father, that you preserve us on a daily basis. You protect us, Lord, from more than what we realize. [Music] So all we can say right now is thank you. Thank you for your protection. Thank you for your love. Thank you. Thank you Lord God for the many provisions Lord that you provide for us constantly. We ask tonight, Lord, that you would have your way. You know your people, Father. You know what their needs are. God, we pray that you would come and satisfy those needs. And we know that you already are here to do that, Father. We're only trying, Lord, to humble ourselves, Father, to you that you might be able to have your way. Bless your word, Lord God. Amen. Bless every soul that's here. Yes, Lord. Whatever thoughts might be in our minds that might possibly be a work of the enemy to distract us, Lord, we pray that you would help us in that way. that our thoughts would be gathered from every other thing and be able to settle upon you Lord God in expectation knowing Lord God that you move in that kind of a way. Father your prophet taught us that we get what we expect Lord help us now we ask in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we ask these things and we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. Amen. It's good to be here by the grace of God. Amen. Praise God. Thank brother Stephen for the invitation. Amen. We always uh we've always appreciated him and his life and his ministry and just the consistency of what I've always seen in him. Whenever I saw him, he was always the same. Amen. And we appreciate that, don't we? Amen. So we thank God for him. Amen. And brother Kelly, saw him in the back. Brother Carlos, there many names I don't know right off, but God bless each one of you. Amen. In our Bibles, I don't want to keep you standing long. In our Bibles, let's turn to Proverbs chapter 10. Proverbs chapter 10. You have to excuse me as far as my family not being here. Um but for the ministering brethren uh you know the weight that comes along with uh the ministering of the word and it's it's very important as far as that time that you have prior to a servicemen and uh especially when you work a a job and things of that nature. you're coming from different environments and different atmospheres and you know uh you just need to kind of get quiet and get settled. Yes sir. I thank God for my family and I love them. Uh but you know children to be children and and sometimes you know just the different conversations and things around it can just kind of I don't know it can kind of disturb things a little bit. Uh-huh. Um, so it's for me I find it best that I I I be able just to to have real quiet time. Yes, sir. Just so I can clear my mind and just meditate. I don't even turn on the radio or unless it's a particular sermon the Lord has me uh listening to. I may listen to a sermon, but for the most part, it's complete silence. That's just how I am. I took a trip um where was I going? I think I was going to Virginia and after about 6 hours I realized man you hadn't turned on the radio or nothing. I was just lost in thought and I was just satisfied you know I'm a deep thinker. So uh that that's just how I am. Amen. But nonetheless, my family is doing well by the grace of God and and I just ask for your prayers continually for us. Amen. Amen. Okay. Proverbs chapter 10. Let's go to verse 4. Proverbs 10 and verse 4. It says, "He becometh poor that dealth with a slack hand, but the hand of the diligent Yes, sir. maketh rich." Amen. Verse five says, "He that gatherth in summer is a wise son, but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causes shame." Amen. Let's bow once more. Heavenly Father, we've read your word. Please help us, Lord. Hallelujah. We ask this in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, saints. You may be seated. Amen. I know you all have been eating well here. Amen. Uh, Brother Steven just gave me a little appetizer back there. You know, before you eat a main meal, you have an appetizer. Yeah, I'm not going to be able to be here for the main meal, but I got a little appetizer from what he expressed, what was on his heart, and that was appreciated. Amen. Amen. He's a real teacher. Praise God. I'm not going to try to cover everything, of course, tonight, especially with it being a a Wednesday night. I just pray the Lord help me just to kind of be sensitive to his spirit so I can just move with him because that's what it's all about. Amen. It's there's many things that could be ministered on. Um and even even tonight I was just continuing to pray in the back that this was the Lord's will. So be in prayer with me. Amen. Got the Lord to help us tonight. Hallelujah. I'm going to read those two verses again. Amen. Says, "He becometh poor that dealeth with a slack hand, but the hand of the diligent maketh rich." He that gatherth in summer is a wise son, but he that sleepeth in harvest is a son that causes shame. So throughout all the scriptures of course especially here um God he's expressing himself you know he's expressing his views and his thoughts toward many different things this up just a little higher. Praise the Lord. Sorry. Thank you brother. Amen. Amen. All right. Yes, sir. But he's he expresses himself, you know, so many times the way that he expresses himself is hard for people to catch it. And of course, it's not intended to be caught with a natural mind. Amen. Um it really takes God being able to help a person to understand. Um him doing that, you won't understand. You can look right at it, but it remain closed. That's right. You know, it'll remain sealed. Yes, sir. He has to take the seal off to help us to understand. So, he's saying what he's saying here and he's using the examples that he's that he's using. But these things are very important to him. Yes, sir. There's one thing about God. Um, whatever we see him speaking about, come on. uh in in in relation to how he desires a person to be. He's not asking any more of us than what he's what than what he is himself. Amen. So what he asked of us is what he actually is. Yes, sir. He's the manifestation of the very word that he speaks to us. Isn't that right? So here he's talking about diligence. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Now, how many know that God is very diligent? Yes, sir. Amen. He's not slack. The Bible says that he's not slack concerning his promises. Amen. If he said something, he means it and he'll do it. Amen. Amen. But God is showing something here. He's showing the difference between two different things here because because he himself is diligent. So that's his desire for his people also. Amen. Now, I want to say this on the front end. It's within every one of us to be diligent. For every child of God, it's within the sea. It's already in the seed. Amen. It's just a matter of us getting into the right atmosphere. That God can draw out of us what he's already placed in us. So, as I'm speaking on this tonight, don't look at it as something far-fetched or something that has to come to you. is already on the inside of you. It's just a matter of God bringing it out. See, well, once we see the need for something, then we can humble ourselves to him according to that particular thing. We can cry out to him. We can seek him for that. How many How many How many can say amen to that? So, tonight by the grace of God, I want to deal with the subject of the hand of the diligent. Amen. Amen. The hand of the diligent. Yes sir. Um just looking at natural life, right? When we see anybody attain anything significant, right? Uh all of us in here I I don't re raise your hand if you desire to be poor. Raise your hand if you don't desire to have a a better uh maybe standard of life than what you currently have. That means you're content, right? Amen. So, you're content. Well, I'm not content. Amen. And I'm I'm not content with the the uh the I'm not content with where what with with what I've achieved so far. Yes, Lord. I'm not satisfied. And I'm not satisfied where I'm are spiritually where I am spiritually or naturally. Amen. There is a desire within me. Amen. To to have more. You know, I have a family, right? I see families within here, little children and whatever. Any parent wants more for their children. Even if you had it hard coming up. Amen. You don't want your children to have to deal with the same battles and the same issues that you did when you came up. So within the heart of any parent, you desire to see your children have better than what you had. Isn't that right? Amen. But now notice anybody that achieves anything in this life that that achieves any levels of of success, amen, they they have to develop certain habits. Yes, my brother. Because B your habits determine your results. Yes, my brother. How many understand that? Yes, sir. Your habits determine your results. Yes, my brother. Amen. As myself, you know, I I desire to get in better shape and what have you. I'm 44 now. I ain't getting no younger, you know. So, I'm like, I need to start getting this thing right while I still can. Amen. So, my mind now is toward just getting better in shape overall just for me, just for better health. Amen. But now, how would that be achieved? Yes, sir. I can have that desire all day long. I can talk about it and speak to other like right now, I'm telling you, I want to be better in health. I want to be in better shape and things of that nature. But what's going to bring me into that? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. My dayto-day steps, my day-to-day decisions, my day-to-day actions, if that's a goal that I set, Uhhuh. then what's the road that's going to take me there? Now, it comes back to what I'm talking about tonight. In order for me to be able to achieve the goals that I have for myself personally, it's going to take diligence. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. If I if I exercise once every month, that's going to determine how quickly I get my results. Isn't that right? Yeah. But if I exercise once a month, but yet I'm saying I want to be able to get in shape, then what am I doing in sense? I'm approaching the situation slackly. Isn't that right? And based upon how I'm approaching it, that's what's determining what results I get. That's what determines how quickly I reach my goal or how long it takes for me to get there. Amen. Amen. It's based upon the diligence. Amen. But what bring? Now listen now. Normally if a person goes to a doctor, the doctor lets them know, listen, your health is borderline. You borderline diabetic. Uhhuh. You need to lose some weight. You need to cut back on your sugars. You need to be able to do whatever, whatever, whatever. If not, yes, this is going to be the result. Ah, normally a report like that will do what? Amen. That's exactly right, my brother. It'll it'll cause a person to now have a have a purpose and an enthusiasm about getting that health in line more than what it was before because daddy realize if I don't do this, my health is going to be in jeopardy and overall I can lose my life. Isn't that right? Yes, sir. So, it takes many times certain things to happen in some cases to drive a person to the level of diligence that they need in order to be able to achieve a certain thing. Can we say amen to that? Normally, if there's no pressure, there's no urgency. Very seldom you very seldom you see anybody with enough discipline to be able to stay with something. Amen. And then chop away at it on a day-to-day basis. Amen. Have a have a schedule, have a structure, h have some kind of a plan. Listen, saints that they stick to. There are many people that admire his name is what? Jeff Bezos. He's the owner of Amazon. Yes, sir. Lord, I wouldn't mind having this money. Amen. Praise the Lord. But I was noticing something about people that attain certain things in this life. They have certain habits. [Applause] They have things they apply on a daily basis. Amen. Praise the Lord. They get up at a certain time. They don't sleep in like that. They get up with a cuz they got a purpose. They realize, I'm not going to achieve my goals laying here in this bed like this. So they get up early in the morning so they can take care of certain things so they can have more time to apply themselves to attaining their goals. How much more sense with God? How does the devil Amen look at how he desires to hinder us? He don't want us to get up early to pray. He don't want us to get up early and read the word of God to set the atmosphere on the inside of us. Because when we fail to do that, saints, we know we in for a rough time. whatever trials we experience while we are not praying up, while we're not in the word like we supposed to. Cuz when you do those things, saints, what happens? It brings that sweet anointing. Yes, that sweet presence of God. When you're in fellowship with God and you're spending time with God, you step out into the same world, but you're not able to be as affected. Amen. Man, when disappointments arise or anything doesn't go your way, it don't affect you like it would if you wasn't in that atmosphere. It brings about a sweetness. It brings about a calmness. On the I talked about Jeff Bezos, but on the spiritual side of it, anybody that you saw attain any spiritual height, it's because they sought it diligently. They sought the Lord diligently. We want more of God, don't we? How many want more of God? Amen. How many realize there's more of God to get? But the question is, how are you applying yourself? [Applause] Praying every once in a while whenever it's convenient. You got to make sacrifices. Jeff Bezos made sacrifices. Amen. Any successful businessman, that success don't come without sacrifice. Doing things when you don't feel like doing it. But you do it anyway because you realize that's what it's going to take for me to be able to get to my goal. Amen. We want to go higher in God. People praise the prophet, but how many realize the prophet said, "Don't even look at him." That's right. He said, "Because you also have to come to mature wheat." He can't just sit gazing at the prophet and admiring the prophet for how God worked in his life. He says, "No, sir. That same God is here right now." Amen. To bring every one of us into our rightful positions. We don't want to be the kind of people that just sit back always talking about, oh I want a prophet this and a prophet that. The God of that prophet is here now. That prophet came by the grace of God to help to unite God and his bride together. Is that right? But look at the life that brother lived though. Amen. That brother sacrificed. That brother laid before the Lord. He had a disciplined life and he diligently he diligently sought the Lord. Saints he spent time in prayer. How many realize that? That brother spent hours in prayer. Amen. His wife used to get upset with him. Amen. Because of the lifestyle that he lived. She didn't understand it. But he said concerning that, she don't understand that we're in a battle. And so whereas she got upset when he wanted to go out seemingly into the wilderness and seemingly hurt a little bit, he wasn't going really much for her at all. He was going out to get away from the people and get with God. He didn't have to do that. But in his heart, something was touched. And that same thing is in the blood also. We just got to give more place to it. There's a hunger on the inside of us right now. We've been held back. The prophet told us we're living thousands of miles below our privileges. How so? He said the rapture should happen. How so? Uh-huh. That's exactly right. Amen. My hallelujah. Listen, saints. Again, in Proverbs, our opening scripture says, "He becometh poor that dealth with a slack hand." Amen. So now for those that want to attain a better lifestyle, for those that that want to attain higher spiritual heights, things you things you notice there. Yes, sir. Oh, man. But you ain't you you haven't tapped into it yet. Yes, sir. What are you doing any different? That's a common saying we've heard many times over. Isn't that right? How can we do the same thing we've always done and expect different results? We say we want it, but that's what our miles, our actions show how much we really want it. And I I'm not going to take that away from anybody. I want more of God. But but but how am I applying myself? And we're not trying to work our way into anything. But notice God is saying here, he that dude with a slack hand become poor. He said with the hand of the diligence, you'll become rich. God said that. Why is he saying that saints? Because he's showing with diligence. When you go after anything with diligence, there is something you're going to achieve and obtain. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Lord, watch this. Hebrews 11 and verse 6. Very popular scripture. Everybody knows about it. It says, "But without faith, it's impossible to please him." Amen. It says, "For he that cometh to God must first believe that he is and watch and that he is a rewarder of who? I'm talking about the hand of the diligent here. Now, he that deal with Hey, the hand of the diligent shall be made rich. Amen. Yes, sir. The Bible says if God will reward you. Yes, sir. If you seek him diligently. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Now, how much do we want more of God? Amen. What changes are we willing to make? What are we willing to lay downh and what are we willing to start doing? It has to mean more than you what it currently than what it currently does. Cuz when something really means something to you, Amen. Nobody ain't got to tell you to do it. That's right. Amen. You'll go hard. That's right. When it Listen, I tell my kids this. Hallelujah. Whatever you have an interest in, nobody ever has to tell you to look into it, listen to it, look at it, do it, or whatever. One of my sons, he loves video games. I ain't never got to go tell him, "Son, go play your video game." If anything, I got to say, "Son, give it a break." That's right. Why? He has an interest in it. Watch this. Let's touch on a few definitions for you. Yes, sir. All right. Yes. All right. Watch this. Now, when you talk about being slothful, the word slothful comes from sloth. Watch what the definition of sloth means, saints. It means a disincclination to action or labor. Watch what it says here now. It says spiritual apathy. Right. So what is apathy? Apathy is saints. Amen. Lack of interest, enthusiasm or concern. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Yes, my brother. Hallelujah. So, he that dealing with a slack hand, that's a lazy person. They want the results of diligence, but they're not willing to apply diligence. Amen. Lord, spiritual apathy, a lack of interest, no raising of hands, but how many times have we been in the word just this week or this day? How much time have we really given to it? Right. In prayer. How? Now, I'm not talking about just getting down and doing something. Well, I know I need to pray. Let me go ahead and Lord Jesus, have mercy on us. Have mercy. But your heart, you ain't there. How many realize God knows the difference? You just can't throw something to God and expect for him to be able just to take it like that. [Music] I'm I'm talking about diligence, dealing with a the right hand be having a right mind and a right heart more than just an action. Amen. That's right. Israel had an action. That's right. Amen. Listen, we're going to get into something here. Israel had action. Yes. They came to the synagogue. Jesus. faithfully. They offer sacrifices faithfully. Uhhuh. Wow. Hallelujah. Preach, my brother. Amen. And at one point, God accepted it. Uhhuh. But in those same actions that they continued to keep like clockwork, Yes, sir. God turned around and said, "I hate him." Uhhuh. I detest them. It's a stench in my nostrils. What made it a stench? Come on. Versus a sweet smelling savior is where their heart was. It's not enough to come to church. That's right. How many understand that? It's not enough to pay your tithes. Glory. Huh? It's not enough to read your Bible. It's not enough to pray. Because wherever your heart is, that's what determines how pleasing it is to God. He don't care about your actions like that. He don't care about your words like that. He told them, "You draw nine to me with your mouth." He said, "But your heart is far from me." All loving God, he's standing there watching his people come to him, but his people's hearts were in other places even though they were in his presence. [Music] I ain't fussing at you. This is just going a certain direction. I'm trying to follow the GPS. Amen. But how many realize God wants a whole heart service? Watch this. Hallelujah. The word diligent, yes, my brother, it means having or showing care Uhhuh. and conscientiousness in one's work or duties. Amen. Amen. You can ask somebody to clean something and depending on where their heart and their mind is, they're irritated or agitated, they'll go there, it's done. Satisfied now. And especially with a parent, a parent sees the attitude in which things are done. Yes, sir. By their children. Yeah. I watch facial expressions. I watch how they move. Cuz I can I can pick up attitude from those things. Cuz it ain't enough for you to do what I said. I want you to be able to understand why it is that you're doing it. But I want your I want you to be able to understand and do things out of the right heart and the right mind. Cuz even when you get in that real world and you start doing tasks for your manager or your boss in a certain way, you in a bad out of a job. You'll be bypassed for promotions. Because you're doing what they saying, but you're not doing it in the right way, the right attitude, the right heart. Listen, you're not doing it as unto the Lord. But you got to care enough about God. See, [Music] so when you talk about diligence, you're talking about doing something and having a care about it that determines how it's actually done. That's what makes it pleasing to God or not pleasing to God. Do you understand? Yes, sir. The Bible says God loves Watch this. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. The Bible says that God loves saints a cheer forgiver. Amen. Isn't that right? But if you give grudgingly, Paul talked about this. Yes, sir. Paul said, "If you give grudgingly or by necessity, well, I got to pay my tithe. Let me go ahead and pay my tithe. I really don't want to do it, but by by necessity, let me go ahead and pay my here. Bitting up the envelope and everything, man. I I need that money, man. Maybe I might be able to skip it and it won't. I got other things I want to get. I'm tired of being broke all the time, man. I want some extra money for myself. So you pay tithe, but your mind and your heart ain't in the right place. And as far as God is concerned, saints, you can keep it. If you don't realize without him, you wouldn't even have that. You wouldn't have nothing that you have. You wouldn't be able to wake up. You would you wouldn't you would not have been able to be accepted for the job. He blessed you to get the job. He blessed you to have the money. And now he's out. Listen to me now. We allow the devil to convince us to keep a hundred. And then later on that week or that month, you got a problem that comes up that cost you 600. [Applause] Praise my brother. Yes, sir. Amen. I got this extra chain. I ain't paying my ties, but I got enough money to be able to go get me something to eat and all kind of stuff. And why you got your mind and your mouth all set for those things. Now your car breakdown is you going down the road. Now it cost you $450 to get that car fixed. That's right. What brings those things about? Now, I'm not saying every time you got a trial or something that's because God punishing you or whatever. I'm saying in these certain cases where a person is struggling to obey God in his word, when their heart and their mind is not right. God sees that. But yet, we want to increase. We want God to bless. We want God to be there all the time for us whenever we call. And in the least things that he gives us to do. Yes. Look at how we handle him. That's right. Hallelujah. Can we say praise the Lord? So now God's desire is that we be like him. And being that he's diligent, he want us to be diligent in all of our look in every part of our lives. Amen. When we go to work, God want us to work diligently. Yes, Lord. When we're at home, God want us to do things diligently, take care of things, maintain things. Because if you're lazy and you rather lay down than get up and take care of things than then in one thing that could have been easily taken care of, it grows into a bigger problem that it didn't even have to grow into. Amen. Watch this, saints. Praise the Lord. It says in Proverbs in 24 and verse 30, it says, "I went by the field of the slothful and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding." Uhhuh. It says, "And lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and needles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down." Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it and received instruction. So here it is. Solomon is saying, "Amen." That I went by this field and God began to minister to me. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Do you see that? God by this certain field. And he called Solomon to stop and take notice of the condition of the land and the property that he was passing. And when Solomon stopped and began to pay attention, he said he began to receive instruction. meaning God be to speak to his heart. Yes. Why would God take time to do that concerning a field grown over and a house broken down? Cuz it was something very important to him that he wanted to be able to communicate. Amen. Watch what he goes on to say. Hallelujah. He says in verse 32, "Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it and received instruction." He says, "Yet a little sleep." Notice this. Now, this is he he he's now explaining how the land came into that condition. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. A little sleep. Yes, sir. A little slumber. Uh-huh. When you could have gotten up, when you knew you had that leak, Uh-huh. that piece of wood needed to be replaced. Yes, that leak in your car needed to be taken care of. That leak in your spiritual life, that leak in your prayer life, that leak in the time in which you you need to spend with God, get a little slumber, a little sleep. Amen. Praise God. A little folding of the hands. Just want to relax all the time. Just want to have it easy all the time. Just want to be made comfortable all the time. just want to be catered to all the time. Want everything to come easy. And as a result of that, we get lazy. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm waiting on God to come and do whatever, whatever, whatever. When God sitting there waiting on us, brother Brandon said, "God already had Moses ready." Yeah. Amen. He said, "But it took the people that long to get into the right condition." Amen. Because why? They had it good down there in Egypt. Yes, sir. So God had to disturb things and disrupt things to do what saints to bring his people into their promise. It made them uncomfortable. Amen. But it's the way God has to deal with them. Yeah. And did not all prophet speak to us and said, "It's the tender hand of Jehovah that led Israel in this day back to the promised land how through persecutions." Amen. Through trials, through danger, why saints? Because while they were all over the world and other countries, they had become very comfortable and very relaxed. They they they had established businesses and and all these they had good lifestyles. [Applause] They were accepted by the people that were around them in whatever country they was in. So what did God have to do, saints? He had to turn it upside down. Amen. Can you imagine how Israel felt? They didn't understand. They were confused. And many times we don't understand why we go through the things we do. That's exactly right. We ask God many times, why? Why is the pressure like that? Why do I seem to go from one trial to another, Lord? Praise God. God knows exactly what he's doing. He knows exactly what you and I need. Praise God. A little slumber, a little sleep, a little folding of the hands to sleep. So shall thy poverty come as one that travaleth that traveleth and thy want as an armed man. That property wasn't like that all the time. That's right. That was a good standing property in good condition. The wall wasn't always broken down. But it was through neglect. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. Somehow or another, the individual just got lazy because the instruction that God gave him when he looked at the land was a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands. That's how this land came into that condition. Amen. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Within our own selves, sometimes we can look and see that things are all out of control. When you look at that land being all grown over, it was out of control. Amen. Things that shouldn't have been growing there was growing there. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. It was permitted to grow. Exactly right. It wasn't being tended to. Amen. Amen. Spiritually, there was a slothfulness. A spiritual apathy. Amen. A lack of interest, a lack of concern, a lack of enthusiasm about achieving and going forward in the things of God. No desire to really progress. Just got content with just living the religious life. Come on, Holy Ghost. And you want to know one characteristic of a lazy person? It's one main characteristic of every person that's lazy. They blame their condition. They blame the way things on on somebody else or something else. They always make excuses. [Applause] Amen. Always making excuses. This is why this ain't that way. And this is why this ain't that way. I always look at the church as being full of hypocrites. Uhhuh. This is why God ain't moving in the church cuz there's a bunch of hypocrites in there. Things of that nature. You know what I got to say to that person? Well, if you know so much about it, then where is the power and the moving of God in your life? You got so much to say about everybody else. Why is it that in your own life? Be an example to somebody. Be an example of what you asking for and what you talking about. But they're slothful. They're lazy. They don't have no real intentions on trying to achieve those things. Right. Right. How many realize certain people just have that place? Uh-huh. It's not within them to become anymore. Hallelujah. It's within them to be a hindrance and a trouble and a problem for the true bride of Christ that really desires in her heart to be everything that her Lord is calling for. Amen. I know within a bride right now, even as I'm speaking right now, within the heart of every member of the bride in here this night, it's within you to be everything that God is calling for. You want to fulfill the desire of your husband. We don't want to be slack. But the enemy wants us to be slack because he knows it hinders our results. Hallelujah. Can we say amen, church? If he can slow us down, make us lazy spiritually, then you're less of a threat. And that's exactly what he wants because he knows that if we get in our place, if we humble ourselves, if we Amen. Amen. If we humble ourselves to God and allow God to gain more of a control and influence in our lives. Amen. Yes, sir. Then he'll be able to flow. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Like I said, it ain't about just coming to church. How long we've been doing that? Yes, sir. And I'm not saying that coming to coming to church is a part of God's program. But he wants us to have the right focus. Amen. Look, this is only a part of it. What we do when we go home, we got to pray for one another, saints. We have our battles. We have our issues. Amen. But we need to pray for one another cuz it really is going home time. And don't get me wrong, we going to be exactly where we need to be when we need to be there. God is going to make sure of that. But just like brother Brandon said, God ain't going to Amen. You know, uh, a person sitting back be being pushed through a pipe. Every time he move through the pipe, is God pushing him? That's laziness. Every time you move, God moving you. He says, Hallelujah. Pick me up by the collar, Lord. Place me down where I need to be, Lord. No, sir. You got to fight. Yes, sir. For every inch of ground. You get into a ring with a good boxer and fights with a slack hand. You going to get beat up real good. Amen. Why? Amen. You're not on your toes. You're not being sharp. You're not being watchful. You're not staying focused. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Preacher. Let me touch upon something here for you real quickly, saints. Hallelujah. Our prophet said here in return in Jubilee, he says we need to go back to he says we need to go back to a power of God. Something that something that something that can do the same thing today. Although in our in our numbers, he says persecution always gives strength to the church. We've had it too easy. He says we get slothful. He says, he says we get to a place where we don't want to move on because everything's just handed to us. He says it takes sorrow. He said it takes tears and sweat and prayer and faith and promise to move forward in the power of the Holy Spirit. That zeal and power that they had in those days has long time vanished from our assemblies. Who was that? That was the Holy Ghost. That wasn't just a man expressing his own opinion. That was the Holy Ghost speaking to a church that God has spent time with who's supposed to be further up the road than what they were. That's one of the biggest hurdles right there. God got to help us to see where we are. Yes. Cuz many times we can account things to being more than what it actually is. And many times you you can account things to be less than where it actually is. But just be before God and allow him to show you where you really are. Amen. Hallelujah. This is God speaking to his church. Yes, sir. Listen. He says, praise God. Hallelujah. He says, "I believe that the reason we don't have desperation," he says, "is because it's a lack of love." He says, "The love of God." I think that the love of God causes desperation. If God is in you, the token inside of you and you see the conditions of the times and people waiting in sin the way they are, it'll throw you into desperation. I believe it will. But that love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost. When you have the Holy Ghost, there is something on the inside of you that begins to turn. Listen, it won't let you sit still. It won't let you be content. It won't let you be satisfied. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He pushes you and pushes you beyond your known limits. He makes you uncomfortable. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Brother said it's not supposed to be that way, but normally it takes a trial to get people into a desperation. Why do you think the squeeze has to come? That's right. How many realize is one of the main reasons why the squeeze has to come? It's just like the persecution had to come to Israel. Oh my god. If it wasn't for that, they wouldn't be in a promised land. That's right. What put them there? Think about it. Hallelujah. It's the persecution. Yes, sir. What's going to put us or push us into our positions as sons and daughters of God? What's going to make us more sincere about our daily prayer life? Yes, sir. Amen. You let a serious situation strike you serious enough, ain't nobody got to tell you like, ain't nobody got to tell you to pray. Listen, when serious situations strike our lives, we begin to pray without ceasing. You go to sleep praying. You wake up praying. You go to sleep and wake up on your knees. Cuz now there's a situation. But without that situation, a little slumber, a little sleep, a little folding of the hands. My brother. Can we say praise the Lord? Hallelujah. Many many. Many times in in children, we see things reflected. Hallelujah. That we many times bear on bear down on our children about. Uh-huh. Amen. We we we we we we give them discipline. We give them speeches and and things of that nature, right? But notice what the prophet says here. And hear ye him. He says, "We never have juvenile delinquency till we have parent delinquency." In Deuteronomy chapter 6 and verse 6, it says, "And these words which I command thee this day shall be in in thy heart." He says, "And thou shalt teach them diligently." Yes, my unto thy children. Yes, sir. Not every once in a while. That's right. Amen. Listen to me with an honest heart. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Come on. If we notice behaviors in our children, things that are displeasing to us and we might bear down on them hard, we might be able to see, look, it's an evil spirit coming upon my child causing to be able to uh to do such and such or think such and such or to act in certain unacceptable ways. But then what God does, he turns the mirror. Amen. And he begins to cause you to look at yourself. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. What have you seown into that child's life? Uh-huh. Amen. Have you assumed the work was just going to be done like that? Uhhuh. In his word, he says, Amen. And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shall talk of them when thou sitest in thine house, and when thou walst by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseth up. And thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thine hand, and they shall be as fondness between thine eyes, and thou shalt write them upon the post of thine house and thy gates. And it shall be when the Lord thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he swear unto thy fathers, to Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildest not, and houses full of good things, which thou filest not, and wells dig, which thou digest not. vineyards and and olive trees which thou plantest not. He says, "When thou shalt have eaten and be full, then beware, lest thou forget the Lord which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt from the house of bondage." Why did he say teach them diligent diligently to our children? Amen. Because in the presence of that word Yes sir. keeping it upon their minds, keeping it before them. Yes sir. Yes sir. Amen. It brings them into the right atmosphere. Amen. Where the right influence remains upon them. Yes. How many realize that when we talk about God, when we read God's word, Amen. He's right there. Isn't that right? Amen. When we teach this word, this word children diligently, brother Brener said it right here. The reason why we see children delinquency is because we had parent delinquency. The parents wasn't spending enough quality time with the children teaching them the right things. And their misbehavior, their misconduct is a result of that. Yes, sir. You dealt with a slack hand. Uhhuh. Yeah. And that was the result of it. Yes, sir. Yes. Amen. Amen. Can we say praise the Lord? Praise the Lord. He also pointed out the pullpit delinquency. [Applause] Isn't that right? Where the word is being handled in a soft way. People more concerned with a meal ticket, gaining as many members as they can, but not caring enough about the people's souls. Amen. detour from speaking on certain things. Amen. Why? Cuz I might make somebody uneasy or upset. Amen. And as a result of that, that's what we got. You have churches that are full with all sorts of things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. We never have juvenile delinquency till we have parent delinquency. You used to, he says, you used to love to go to prayer meetings and prayer till 12 and one and 1 and 2:00. He says he says lay on the lay on the little old cottage floor somewhere under the spirit of God. He says you used to love to pray all night, but since you got your television, so many people have let down saints. That's right. I hate to say this, but I'mma say it by the grace of God. For the people that left the message, you want to know one reason why they really left? Because they felt bound. Yeah. You watch the pattern. Anybody that leaves this message, Yeah. They go back into a sin that they go back and begin to do everything the prophet taught them not to do. The women start wearing pants. Yes, sir. Makeup. Yes, sir. They start having them movies, TV, whatever, all kind of shows, whatever. Now they they feel they've been set at liberty. Uhhuh. Not realizing you're bound. Hallelujah. That's a lifestyle of bondage. Yes, my brother. Demon powers being able to manifest themselves. Yes, sir. The very thing the prophet said he saw when he went to hell. Yes, sir. Them same demons. Yes, sir. Come back upon people. Uhhuh. And make them begin to reflect what hell is. I hadn't seen a failure of it yet, saints. When I see people leave, walk away from this message, they go right back into the things of the world. Yes, sir. And claim to be children of God. Mercy, Lord. Preach, my brother. My My God. Hallelujah. When the word teaches certain things, plain. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. But it's spiritual apathy. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And it's a different seed. You hate to say those things. That's just the truth. Amen. Hallelujah. Prayer adventure. It might be somebody in here that the devil has been playing with. Trying to pull your mind back into the things of the world. A struggle might be going on. You see all the breaking away and the devil brings his reasonings. Amen. To try to make you feel like, well, is this really right? Amen. In your heart and in your mind, you have a desire to go back to those things. That's exactly right. I pray I pray God by his grace help you to snap out of that. Amen. Amen. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. If that's the case, I pray God help you to snap out of that. Amongst our young people, Hallelujah. You're in between right now. Yes, my brother. You don't have the Holy Ghost yet. And because of that, you don't understand a lot of things. So, you're watching all these splits take place. And the devil comes to you and begins to talk to you. Cuz he realizes your spiritual condition. Brother Brandham say he studies us. Amen. He studies how we handle the word. He watches how we pray. How much you really care about these things. My Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. If that's the case, then please, I pray God bless you to be able to see it's a trap. For anybody that made that decision, we don't want this to be the case, saints, but they're going to regret it. If the Lord don't have mercy and help them to turn back around, they're going to regret it. You'll never be able to make them see it. You understand? Cuz when God allows a spirit of slumber, Yeah. Amen. Amen. It brings about a blindness. It was a spirit of slumber that God let come on all of Israel with majority of them which cause them to reject them. Listen you don't realize that's the same thing today. Here you got God in flesh. You couldn't get no more God than that. God in flesh manifesting every single word that was spoken of him and yet people were able to look at him and say it's a devil. Why you think they coming against this message like this? It's a spirit blinding them. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. And for those of us that are true bride that we got to sit here and bear with the persecution, being called out of our names, being falsely accused, being misunderstood, right? He said, "Whatever they did, whatever you see them doing to me," he said, they're going to do the same thing to you. But what's going to be your reaction? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. By the grace of God, I ain't going nowhere. I don't care who come, who go. Uhhuh. I don't care how many fall away. I don't care who they are. It's been revealed. It's something that's truly anchored. Amen. This ain't just words. You'll see. Amen. The wheat remains. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lord have mercy. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says, "Usually it takes a state of emergency." Yes, sir. To throw us into desperation. See, it's too bad it's that way. He says, "But human beings are so slothful in their minds." Amen. The Bible says, "The hand of the diligent maketh rich." Yes. Why? They're consistent. They're persistent. They're steady in their pursuit of what they have an interest in. And whenever God is dealing with your heart, he puts an interest for himself on the inside of you. Amen. He gives you a thirst and a hunger for more of him. Amen. Praise God. He won't let you settle. He won't let you stay down. Amen. He told Israel in the book of Jeremiah. Yes, sir. He says in Jeremiah 29, "For thus sayeth the Lord, that after 70 years, the accomplished of Babylon, I will visit you and perform a good word toward you in causing you to return to this place. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end. When Israel was in that bondage, saints, they were confused. They didn't understand. It was hard. It didn't feel good. When God let you go through a trial sometimes, it's hard. It don't feel good. That's right. When you hit your rough spots in life, but how many realize every bit of that is exactly what you need? Amen. There's not a trial that can come to you that God doesn't permit to come to you because it was designed for you. You may not be able to see it, but he knows every bit of why he allowed that to come to you and what is going to benefit you. My brother, didn't understand. And God is sitting here by Jeremiah and say, "Only if you knew the thoughts I thought toward you." Thoughts of peace and not of evil. Even though you're c you're taken captive, you're in a foreign land under a king. That's a that's a gentile. I let you be uprooted from your house, from your comfortable living. Why? Cuz you wouldn't serve me. According to how I wanted you to, you gave you you gave me your strength. You gave me your actions in your body. But you begin to worship other gods. Right. You begin to worship the God of television. Right. All the different activities of the world. Right. We spend more time on social media. Yes. Hours upon hours upon hours. Any any in any any space of time we get people scrolling through social media seeing what the next interesting post is. my but then when it comes time to prayh when it comes time to read our word that the prophet told us if we do those simple things what happen saints will get closer to God how much do you want it the hand of the diligent maketh rich those that apply themselves to that you see them attaining spiritual riches [Applause] listen what God says here Now, this is why Israel, I had you go into captivity. Yes. Your heart went from me. You weren't worshiping me no more with all of your heart, all of your mind. You begin to give your attention and time to the devil, my adversary, the one that hates me. And because he hates me, he came after you. Cuz when he has you, he knows how it makes me feel. So to teach you a lesson, I let this trial come upon you. I let the snail come upon you. Wow. I allowed it to take you. Y cuz by my wisdom, I knew what was best for you to snap you out of that place. Out of that amnesia. Amen. Amen. Amen. Watch this. For I know the thoughts I think towards you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil, to give you an expected end. That was the whole purpose for it, to bring you into another end outside of where you were going. Amen. Amen. He says, "Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and ye shall seek me and find me. Watch when ye shall search for me with all of your heart." Amen. Hallelujah. How many realize that's important to God? I summon your heart, all of it. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I will be found of you, sayaeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity, and will gather you from all the nations, and from all the places where I have driven you, sayeth the Lord, and I will bring you again into this place once I called you to be carried away captive. Yes, my brother. I'm going restore you. Yes, my brother. That's it. Amen. I had to do this for a certain season. Yes, sir. Just to be able to get out of you what I desired to have out of you the whole time. What I knew was in you. But devils blinded you. Had your mind everywhere. Because of the attention that you gave for a moment. Brother Brandon said that's all it takes. You sit now listen remember I think I was Nelly Sanders. Yep. used to have a problem with loving music and dancing. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. The Lord delivered her. Yes, sir. That spirit left her. What did it look like? A big bat. Young children, why do you think the enemy tries to make you look at things you ain't supposed to look at? Because there's transferring of spirits. Yes, my brother. Beyond what you understand and what you can see. Yes, sir. Listen to this. Yes, sir. That young lady was delivered. Uhhuh. That spirit had left her, right? But she was coming up that road and the enemy had the DJ to play a certain song. That's exactly right. A song that he knew she would like because he knew she was coming, right? How many realize that Satan sets traps for you like that? Amen. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. He knew she was coming. So, he had the DJ play a certain song. That's right. Exactly. and she was walking out in the street. Yeah. And then all of a sudden, she began to pay too much attention right to that song. Yeah. Right. And brother Brandham said where she made her mistake, she stopped for a moment. How long did it take? Listen. Amen. As soon as she stopped and began to consider what was being played, that big bat that Brother Brandham saw come out of her. It came right in her at that time. Amen. And when it came on the inside of her, she didn't feel a jolt. She didn't feel like something else had ended on the inside of her. But that spirit came right in through what she was listening to. Yes. What are we listening to today? My brother, everybody's not able to be in the, you know, nobody's able to watch you all the time. That's right. Uh-huh. Exactly. You can turn to any station you want to. That's right. But the enemy knows what he's doing because once you turn to that wrong station and you give ear to one song. Yes, my brother. Listen, when she went to brother Brandham's house because she felt lost cuz after she after she stopped for a moment, she found herself on the dance floor. Then the Lord blessed her to come to herself and she realized I messed up. She went to brother Brandham's house. Went in there, he prayed for her. Door opened and closed by itself. Drunk man in the house. Bat came out of her. That demon went over by the drunk man. He became sober. Came out the bed running the other direction. Amen. Amen. What caused that? Lord Jesus. Amen. And here it is. The devil got us almost. I ain't going to say us cuz I I don't know. I don't know your lives in here. I know demons fight all of us. Praise my brother. And it's by the grace of God that we're kept. Praise the Lord. Amen. But through what you see and what you hear, these kind of things happen. Yes, sir. And then we got to be delivered. But if we would follow on to know the Lord and we would apply ourselves, man, you got to fight to do it. Amen. You're not going to want to pray all the time. But guess what? You know it's the best thing for you. When you're trying to get in shape, you don't want to eat broccoli and asparagus and fish and baked chicken all the time. You want to get a big nice greasy burger. Amen. You want to get some greasy pizza, some French fries, cuz it tastes good. You can continue to do that, but it's going to set you back. Amen. And whatever we're allowing spiritually. Yes, my brother. That's contrary to God. Yes, my brother. Whatever we're watching, whatever we're listening to, what whatever the case might be, I don't know. Amen. Amen. Amen. But it causes spiritual setbacks. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm getting ready to close, saints. Ecclesiastes chapter 10 and verse 18, it says, "By much slothfulness, Yes, sir. the building decayth." Amen. Amen. A person at one time might have seen felt strong in the Lord. man, my prayer life is right. I'm reading the word. I'm doing what I supposed to do. And Satan's studying you and he's devising plans and strategies, bringing people your way. I don't know about you, saint. So, my It's kind of strange how when I got my mind set to go and pray and I'm getting everything set up to spend some time with God, my phone start ringing. Uhhuh. Uhhuh. It it didn't happen too many times for it to be just mere coincidence. [Applause] things come up. Yes, sir. That's exactly right. What is it? It's demon powers. Amen. Trying their best to block us. Amen. Amen. From being able to be diligent in the seeking of the Lord. Yes, sir. Brother Brandham tried to pray one time. He said the net start bothering. That's exactly right. So he tried to adjust himself, go to another side, and all of a sudden his mind began to think real carefully about how his knees felt with the rocks bearing to his knees. He said, "What was it? What was that?" He said, "It was the devil trying to keep him from receiving the message of the Lord." Amen. You see that gnats? The enemy actually getting innats and causing gnats to come around the prophet's head. Amen. Wow. Causing him to become conscious about how long he's been on his knees and the rocks, how they feel going against his knees. He had to get to a point to where he say, you know what, I don't care about none of it. I need God. Amen. And he stayed there. Yes sir. And he was diligent in his prayer and his seeking of the Lord. Hallelujah. And he was able to receive the blessing. Amen. Amen. His diligence brought forth a wealth of understanding. Yes. My s and of power. Yes, sir. In the Holy Ghost and the things of God. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord, saints. I'm going to read to you these few scriptures here and I'm going to leave this with you. Maybe you can go home and just read over them, meditate upon them, however the Lord will lead you. Proverbs 18 and verse 9, it says, "He also that is slothful is is work in his work is brother to him that is a waster." Praise the Lord. Amen. It says slothfulness casteth into a deep sleep and an idol soul shall suffer hunger. Amen. Amen. It says, "A slothful man hideth his hand in his bosom and will not so much as bring it to his mouth again." It says, "The desire of a slothful killth him, for his hands refuse to labor, always desiring something, but never really wanting to put forth the work to achieve it." The slothful man say, "If there is a lion in the way," Uhhuh. a lion is in the streets. What does that mean? He's making an excuse. Amen. This is why I can't go outside. This is why I can't go and do the work that I need to do because there is a lion in the street. Amen. Spiritually speaking, the enemy tries to bring about excuses. Listen to this, saints. The word excuse, what does it mean? It means a reason or an explanation given to defend or justify a fault or an offense. To try and remove blame from Amen. Amen. That slothful man, he makes every reason. He gives every excuse to not do what he's supposed to do. That's right. And as a result of that, he becomes poor. As a result of that, everything that's around him begins to break down. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Ecclesiastes 10 says again in verse 18, "By much loftiness the building decayth, and through utterness of of the hands the house dropth through." Amen. You let somebody have a little leak in their bathroom, they let it go for a while. There are many homes that people come across that end up being in this way. You let a little leak go, let it settle down into the floor, gets into the subf flooring or whatever you call it, and next thing you know, the the wood gets weak. And now all of a sudden, the toilet begins to drop, right? Because the foundation at its own, it can't hold the weight of it no more when somebody is sitting on it. But that was completely avoidable. He says through softness, Amen. the building decayth. Amen. Hallelujah. Somebody's life just doesn't become all of a sudden out of control. Yes, sir. It was a process. Amen. Spiritually speaking, it was a process. It was things the enemy put there and put in their way and and ways in which he he he did certain things to bring about distractions. Amen. To keep the person away, their mind away from staying focused. Amen. And steady and steadfast. Amen. On the things of God. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Then many times we step back and we can see those that have progressed. Right. And then the enemy comes to you and begins to play with your mind again. Right. Had I only kept with it, I remember we started off together. Now look at how God is using them. Look at what God is doing through them. You might have a partner that you started with an exercise and whereas someone had a partner I don't want to use you but someone had a partner that they started with an exercise and a partner stayed consistent and they find themselves laying off and not really wanting to go but that partner had it within and it was a burning desire. I got to change my condition. I got to change how I am. I can't go on like this. And 3 months down the road, they look at their partner and man, you've lost so much weight. Man, you look so good. What made the difference? Amen. Hallelujah. They remain diligent. Yes, my brother. They didn't slack off. They held steady. They remained focused. Amen. The Lord wants us saints to be diligent. Amen. Yes, Lord. I need to be more diligent. Amen. I realize that. So, as I'm ministering tonight, saints, understand that I'm ministering to myself. Amen. I see areas of my life like, "Lord, I know that's not pleasing to you. Have mercy upon me." Lord, when brother Brandham talks about prayer life, Yes, sir. and the kind of experiences he had in prayer. Yes. where you just completely you become unconscious of this world and you enter into a real place. Amen. I think the Bible calls it praying according to your most holy faith in the Holy Ghost. Just get into a place where you become lost. Yes. These are real places. Yes, sir. Where God becomes more real to us than what we've ever known. Yes, Lord. But it's an individual affair. Amen. Amen. It doesn't matter how many people come with you. We ain't dealing with groups. It's on an individual basis. Young people, you ain't got to be old to really begin to seek God. Amen. You can apply yourself. you can see the val God can bless you to be able to see the value, you know, of the Christian life and really and and the benefit of it and and how blessed it is to have a close walk with him. And I last night I was talking to my son. He's 15 years old and he he he desires to have a little more money and things of that nature. I said, "Son, you're sitting around here and you you're worrying about how you're going to get more money and trying to figure out ways." I said, "But do you realize we serve a living God that's able to bless you in that way?" Amen. Amen. I said, "Have you prayed about it, son?" And I brought to his remembrance a testimony from my oldest boy. He's 23 now, but little Dennis, he had a desire for a pair of certain pair of Nikes called Air Force Ones. And at the time that he wanted him, I I didn't have enough money to be able to get it for him right then. And so when it's a little hard, he really wanted them or what have you. And it meant a lot to him. I said, "Well, son, listen." I said, "I don't have the money to to be able to buy these for you right now." I said, "But son, we serve a living God." Amen. And he cares about things. Amen. God didn't care so much about the shoes. But what he cared about was giving my son an experience. Amen. To show himself real to my son and give something to my son at an anchor in his soul. And the devil just can't take away. Amen. Praise brother. I said, "Son, you can just pray and God is able to bless you." Amen. Hallelujah. See, because he had an interest for it. Amen. He prayed. He prayed sincerely. Amen. And you know what happened, saints? We went to a flea market. And we're walking up the aisleway. Young people listen. walking up the aisleway and there's a guy that had some Air Force One sitting on the table and my son passed by. He looked at me. I looked at him. He went over to the table and the man asked me. He said, "What size you wear?" Oh, wow. He told him, "You want to try some on?" Cuz they always do that. He said, "Yeah, I'll try them on." So he got him and tried them on, put him on his feet, looking at him, smiling. You can see all his teeth. Amen. And I looked at him and he looked at me smiling and he took him off. It almost brought tears to my eyes to see his attitude. Cuz even though I didn't have the money to get him, he was still trying to be positive and have a right attitude and not be like a spoiled child that throws a temper tantrum when you can't get what you want. So he tried them on. He smiled. He looked at me. He put him back in the box and he gave him back to the guy and we got ready to walk off and the man stopped him. He said, "Hold on, little man." Wow. And he handed my son the box. He said, "There you go. You can have them." Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] They were a nice pair of shoes. Thank you, Lord. But what God was doing was showing him something. Yes, sir. Even though you young, I care about how much time you give to me. I care about how much confidence you have in me. I care about what you have needs of. Yes, my brother. I don't care about the shoes, but I want you to see that I'm a living God and I'm a true God. And I answer prayer. He's 23 now. He was about 8 years old then. He never forgot that testimony. He's the same God. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. May God bless every young person that's in here. Amen. May he bless you in your heart. Amen. To gain a right focus, steadfast, and remain there. I know you're being pulled upon in all kinds of ways, but I believe the grace of God will keep you. Amen. And lead you into that fullness of what his desire is for your life. Amen. I appreciate your time, saints. Amen. Yes, sir. I pray God helps somebody tonight. Amen. Amen. I pray God helps somebody tonight because it's going home time. Yeah. and and and we we we're not where we need to be. But don't worry, we're going to get there. We're going to get there. Amen. It may be some difficult times ahead, but God has equipped you. Yes, my brother. He's equipped you to be able to come through it. Yes, sir. Amen. And to come into everything that he's spoken over your life. Yes, my brother. Hallelujah. Amen. So, have faith in God. Amen. Amen. and believe him with all of your heart. Amen. Love him with all of your heart. And we pray sometime. Let us all stand. And we pray sometime. When I pray sometimes, I say, "Lord, I love you, but I can't help but say, "But help me to love you more." Amen. Amen. Amen. Help me. Help me to love you more, Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us bow. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we what can we say? Hallelujah. You know all things, Father. You know each one of us, you know exactly what we need, Lord. as your word was going forth on tonight. Father God, God, I pray that you would bless that word for whatever part was for what was for for whatever individual. Many things were touched upon, Father God, but you know exactly where it was directed. And we right now pray for one another, Lord, that you would please help us, Father, those that are both here as well as at home that might be streaming in. Lord, we don't want to be slothful. But yet, we have to confess, Lord, that we have been slothful. Lord, we haven't sought you with all of our hearts, Lord. We haven't come after you, Father God, with the intensity that you desire for us to Lord. Even though your servant Paul, Father, you brought him into so many things, he attain he attained such heights spiritually speaking, Father God, as it pertains to your kingdom, Lord. His personal life just changed in such a way. But he himself, Father God, even a even even after coming so far, Lord God, from where he was to where you brought him to, he said himself, he counted himself not to have attained already. But there was something on the inside of him that caused him to press. He said, "I press forward. I'm not satisfied, but I desire to apprehend that in which I'm apprehended by. [Music] Lord, even as our prophet taught us, it shows where we are according to how we respond to certain things that come up in our lives, our reactions, the fear that grips us, the doubt that arises, the confession that we begin to confess at times that's not pleasing to you, Lord. They're all results, Father God, of a slack hand, dealing with things that pertains to your kingdom, Father God, in a slothful way. We're your people, Lord, but we need help. We need your help, Father God. Help us to humble ourselves. Help us Lord to surrender. [Music] Help us to yield. Help us to die. Lord, there's so much going on all around us. Lord, [Music] many times, Father God, we we feel many stresses and strains and troubles. We have loved ones, Lord God, that that we're praying for and so many things, Lord, happening amongst those that we really care for. And at the same time, so many things happening within our own lives. Lord, we realize we can't do this on our own. But Lord, you allow every bit of it, Father God, to bring us into that place, that special place to where we'll cry out to you, Lord. We'll begin to seek you more sincerely. Father God, we'll enter into a more consecrated walk. Father, you allow that pressure to come and you you allow it to bear down more and more and more and more. Many times we feel like we're being pressed beyond our limitations. But even though we feel that way, everything is under control. You won't put no more on us than we can bear. So when the enemy begins to make us feel like we can't take no more, Lord, we pray that by your grace you would reveal to our hearts. Comfort us by the revelation of your word. Help us to settle down. Relax us, Lord. as we continue to go through this trial, Father God, because we realize by what your prophet taught us that these trials have ordained times and seasons. We're not going to come out of it no sooner. [Music] Then we need to, Lord, you're not here just to make us feel all comfortable and good all the time. It takes the strain, as your prophet said. It takes the pressure. It takes the tears. They're just birth pains that we're experiencing because there is something that's arising in us that desires expression. [Music] Pains to be delivered. Help us to have a diligent hand, Lord. Hallelujah. We thank you for all things, Father. We thank you for being with us. Thank you, Lord. You've been with us the whole time. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm sorry, Father, for keeping your children at length tonight, Lord, but God, may the purpose in which you brought the word, Lord, may the realization of that, Father God, just begin to move, move through the hearts of your children. We need more desperation, Lord. We need it, Father God. Thank you for how you're dealing with us, Lord. Help us to commit all things unto you. Bless everyone that's here. Bless those that are not here, Lord. Your bride around the world. Amen. You're dealing with us in the exact way that we stand in need of, Lord. Thank you, Father. We love you, Lord. and help us to love you more. In the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we ask these things and we pray. Let the church say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] [Music] Jesus Holy, brother. Amen. Listen to your hearts tonight. Amen. We want to just respond and just yield ourselves back to him. We We can't live on our victories from yesterday and from last year. You have to have a new victory every day. And that the Lord is not allowing us to sit and relax, say, "Well, we we did all of that." Like I speaking to a brother today about dying out to self and crucifying the old man is not a one-time thing. You don't just crucify him and say, "Well, it's over." No. Every day, every day. May God help us to be diligent. I want to sing this chorus asking the Lord to do something new in my life. Yesterday is gone. Yesterday's victories are beautiful, but we need a new experience every day. Amen. Hallelujah. Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new. Sing as a prayer to the Lord. Oh Lord, do something new. Lord, do something new in my life. Something new in my life. something new in my life. Oh, yesterday's gone. Yesterday is gone. Another day has come. do something new in my life. Yesterday is gone. Another day has come [Music] to something new in my life. [Music] Do something new in my life. Something new in my life. something new in my life. Oh Lord, do something new. Lord, do something new in my life. Something new in my life. Something new in my life. [Music] I can't live without you, Lord. We call as my pastor. Cannot live without you. I just can't live without you, Lord. I can't live without you. Oh Lord, I cannot walk without you. I can't talk without you. I
