################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-08-25 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments Part 24 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-08-25
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments Part 24 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fX3XmLKlPj0
========================================

Mary owns the Lord. You're a son of David. That's not bad. way back on Calary. of love that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. For it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain. Oh, it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] Oh, that blood it gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose. Listen to this. Now, here's what it does. It sou and calms all my fears [Music] and it dries on all my tears. Yes, that blood it gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose its power. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] Yes, that blood it gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. It will never lose. It will never lose that power. Let's go to him this morning. Lord Jesus, we thank you for that blood this morning. Lord God, we thank you, Father, for this day, Lord. For we know, Lord, if we ask that you'll give us our daily bread today, Lord God, that's what we're gathered for, Lord, is to hear the word of God, Lord, the bread. We thank you, Lord, for just everybody getting here safely, Lord. Watch over those that are still on the road, Lord God. Bless our invisible audience as well as this morning, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father. We want to just lift your name and sing a few songs to you this morning, Lord God, and just exalt your name, Lord. And then we want to hear that word, Lord, that you've prepared for us, Lord. How good it is, Lord, to hear that word. We thank you, Father, for the fellowship that we had yesterday, Lord God, and the the word that came forth there yesterday, Lord. And we just want to just continue, Lord. We don't want to ever stop hearing this, Lord. We thank you, Lord. Bless each one that's sitting here this morning, Lord God. Just give them whatever they may need, Lord God, and just touch them, Lord, whether whatever it is, Lord. Bless our musicians this morning, Lord God, and our singers. Bless our technicians, Lord. We're not going to satisfied, Lord, what the devil's trying to do for us this morning, Lord God. He thought he had us, but we we're going to just continue, Lord. We're going to worship you, Lord. We got our sound and our instruments, Lord. So, we're going to lift you up with that as well. We thank you, Father. Have your perfect will this morning, Lord. We give everything to you in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Let's give him a big clap offering this morning. Hallelujah. Turn around and greet your neighbor and say, "It's good to see you in the house this morning." Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Yes, I have found a friend in Jesus. He's everything to me. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. The lily of the valley. In him alone I see. All I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow he's my comfort. In trouble he's my stay. He tells me every care on him to roll. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley. A bright and morning star. 10,000 to my soul. He has all my grief has taken and all my sorrow for in temptation he's my strong and mighty town. I have all for him forsaken and all my idols torn from my heart. And now he keeps me by his power. Though all the world forsake me and Senore, through Jesus I shall safely reach that goal. Hallelujah. He's the lily of the valley, the bright and morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. He will never never leave me nor yet forsake me here. While I live by faith and do his blessed will. Oh fire about me. I've nothing now to fear from him. Some free soul shall fail and sweeping up to glory to see his blessed face where rivers of delight shall ever flow. Hallelujah. [Music] the brightest morning star. He's the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you fully trusting in his grace this hour? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In that soul cleansing blood of the lamb. And are your god men spotless are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. Are you walking daily by the savior's side? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb? And are your garments, spotless are they white as snow are you in the blood of the lamb. Now when the bridegroom cometh, will your robes be white, pure and white in the blood of the lamb? Will your soul be ready for the man shine bright and be washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In that soul tending blood of the lamb and are your garments spotless are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood? Now listen to this. So lay aside those garments that are stained with sin and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there's a fountain flowing for the soul unclean. Oh, be washed in the blood of the lamb. Are you wise? Ed in the blood. In that soul cleansing blood of the lamb and are your garments spotless are they white and snow. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? in that soul cleansing blood of the lamb. And iron garments spotless are they white as snow. Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Hallelujah. Glory to God. That's what we're here for. Amen. A little washing. Praise God. I want to sing just a couple of slower ones this morning to worship. Um, we have some specials and I I want to give appropriate time for the pastor as well. Amen. Amen. There is none like you. [Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity, Lord, and find there is none like you. Let's sing it again. [Music] There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I could search for all eternity long and find there is none. Can we sing it again this morning? Hallelujah. There is none like you, my Jesus. [Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like like you. Listen to this now. I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice to worship. You, oh my soul, rejoice, [Music] take my king, in what New year. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your [Music] I love you, Lord. Let's sing it one more time. I love you, Lord. [Music] And I lift my voice to worship [Applause] you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king. [Music] in what you hear. Let it be a sweet sweet sound. Let it be a sweet sweet sound. Yes. Let it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. [Music] Can we worship him with our hands this morning and give him a clap off? [Applause] Praise the Lord. I do not have any prayer uh praise reports this morning or prayer requests. So, we'll just go ahead and uh pray over the rest of the service. I'll ask brother Michael Omar to come up and we'll just go go to the Lord once again for the tithing and the offering. Amen. Everybody happy this morning? Amen. God bless you. Let us pray. Father in heaven, we come before you this morning. We're so happy to be in your house, oh Lord. We are gathered here for one purpose, Lord, to meet you or to praise you and to lift your name high because you are worthy of all our praises. You have done so much to us, oh Lord. the teachings that are going on now, God, seeing the heart of the father and what the son is thinking about. Oh God, oh my father, you have determined, oh God, to take us in, oh God, irrespective of our excuses, oh God, father, we want to thank you for that. We want to thank you for your servant, our pastor. He has allowed himself to be used by the Holy Ghost. Father, continue to use them all. Father, we pray for your children who are here now and those who are on the way. Father, we pray for those who are online, Father. Father, may us together, unite together in praise of thee. And listen, just one word from you, Lord, is enough, oh God. And that's why we are here to make be made perfect to be ready for your soon coming. We are glad to see the things that we are seeing right now because you have given us eyeself that we may see. The world is in darkness but we can see. Father, thank you Lord. May you bless the preacher as he comes along. Oh father also bless the tithing and offerings that are going to be given. Father may be used for the purpose of the gospel and may you get glory out of our lives. God, let us go out there and be a light. Oh God, for we say we are written epistles read by all men. Thank you Lord in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Y'all might be seated. We have a couple of specials this morning. We have uh Sister Victoria who's not visiting. She's just part of the family from somewhere else. Amen. She's going to um bless us with a song this morning if she would like to come up this morning. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Good uh good morning everybody. Um God bless you. Sorry I am a little nervous. I was planning a different song. Um and uh the Lord had dropped this on my heart two weeks ago and funny enough for this even talked about overthinking yesterday and that is he pretty much described me. Um This morning I woke up and just pressed in my heart that this was a song. It's called Bloodline. If you know it, please go ahead and join me. Funny enough, the theme was about the blood this morning, too. So, it worked out perfectly. Even though my spirit and it seems I can't go but still I see victory. Many times I'm walking by faith and can't see what lies before me. But still I see victory. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. [Music] And it seems we're fighting a lot. Oh, but remember we're standing on that rock. So, Satan, if I were you, I'd turn around and I'd give up, too. I do believe you're going to lose. And I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the blood line. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan said you can't cross the bloodline because I'm covered by his love. And you may stay and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Just remember, you can't cross the bloodline. Sing it one more time. I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. No, cuz I'm covered by his blood. And you may stare and you may fight, but you're going to lose this battle tonight. Cuz remember, you can't cross the bloodline. And you may stare and you may fight, but you have lost this battle tonight. Guys, remember you can't cross the blood alive. Hallelujah. Wow. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Outers the storms raging highers around them they were trled that night. Fear filled their hearts and they thought they would die. They failed to remember that the master was nigh. He spoke the word and the winds all stood still. Even the waters they oyed his will and he calm their storms just like he will mine if I'll just remember that he lives deep inside. So why should I worry? And why should I fear when the very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. [Music] We read in the Bible how he walked with them. Brought light to the darkness when the way grew so dim. How great it would be to have a steps leading mine to walk with the master all of the time. So when trials come and death is so nice, I'll just search for the master. I know he'll be there right on time. So when I'm in trouble and my body's in pain, all I have to do is just call on his name. So why should I worry? And why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart and he hears me when I cry and I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. Oh, why should I worry? And why should I fear when the very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears me when I cry. And I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. And I'll call on his name till the storm passes by. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Let's stand. We're going to invite the pastor out. with only believe this morning. Amen. Y'all ready? Get your bibs on. Right. Amen. Oh, believe. [Music] Oh, believe. All things are possible. [Music] Only believe. [Music] Only believe. [Music] Only believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. Can we lift a hand to him this morning? Lord, [Music] all things are impossible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe all things are possible. [Music] Lord, I One more time. Jesus is here. Please. [Music] Jesus [Music] is here. All things are impossible. Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Jesus is king. Amen. You believe it this morning. Let's give him a big clap of Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, musician. God richly bless you. Amen. Everybody happy? You sleep good? Ready for the word? Amen. Glory to God. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. You might be seated. Let me just go straight through. Uh I have to get used to this board standing like this. Amen. Uh I believe uh all the family members here, welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. We don't have visitors. If it's your first time here, even your first time online, we welcome you in spoken word tabernacle. Amen. Um, don't know if everyone is here. Well, we can skip that one out. But I believe each one of us, we up to date with the sermon. We're reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood church ages, 70 weeks of Daniel adoption seals or somebody's listening to the message of the hour. Amen. Remember, you're going to hear my voice in heaven. Don't worry, I have a quote. [Laughter] They will play that over again. Brother Brandham say, "Everything we do here will be recorded." And the only thing that can clean it up is the blood. That's right. Amen. So, you're going to hear me, you say, "I didn't have a chance." You're going to hear God say, "Let's play the tape over again." You're going to hear Brother Steven reminding you that you need to listen to the message. Amen. Yesterday, we had a wonderful question and answer by God's grace. Oh my. I even preached the seven seals in a way that I never thought and the thunders. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Maybe one day we will get into that in more detail. But that was the spirit of the Lord. I sent you a quote this morning. I believe everybody, unless your number is not in church group chat, but you received the quote this morning. It's a lengthy quote. I didn't want to put it on the board because I told you last time that brother Brandham say it was true. So, I put it in so we clear that up. So, if you didn't see it, not now. Now, you're going to see it after church. So, don't look at your phone right now. I already send it. It's there. If you didn't have a chance, it's there. You can verify what brother have said. I already send it. The whole church, if your number is there, you will see it after church. Amen. So, Lord's willing, on September the 28th, that's going to be our next question and answer. How many heard me? September 28th, our next question and answer. And what is coming up is on September 7th. Let me put that clearly because somebody might say 17 or he say seven. So let me make sure we get it clear. September 7. We clear there. Not 17. September 7. That's where we got the married couple meeting. Amen. So I already sent you a preview of what is coming up. You saw it on the chat. So, make sure you just blend into what you see. You know what I'm saying, right? Amen. We just want to make something really, really, really nice. And uh brother Brham used to say that uh he was taking his time preaching the message to have the message recorded because he knew that the message will go out somewhere else. That's it. Amen. So he had to take his time to lay the material pretty good. So we will have wave if the Lord Jesus Christ t of married couple. So sooner a lot of the young folks will get married. Then the other generation will come back later and then they get married and things. So I'm going to try my best to take my time and lay down everything and it will be recorded and kept for the church. So whoever will get married in the future, we will just find maybe I have to bless five, six, seven marriage in one time or within the same month or within two, three, four months. We just get you all sit in one side. Yes sir. Amen. We will just get sister so and so, sister so and so, sister so and so, or brother so and so. We put you together and we play all those tape. Yes sir. And you get the missing 20%. Yes sir. [Applause] We clear because if not I have to preach it over and preach it over and preach it over and this is very detailed because the question that are coming up are very deep. Amen. Amen. And I want to make sure when I finish this, you will never go to the internet. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We don't know what the internet is doing. A lot of damage in people's life. Amen. I did it to the young people to block them from accessing that area. You don't need to go watch pornography. No sir. Amen. Adam did in Abraham did in David did in all over the scripture they did in how did they leave? Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. You see what I'm saying? So I want to make sure I'm going to take my time. If it takes one subject take 10 part and so be it. So give me my time. I'm going to go in detail and lay it lay the foundation the scripture and go to science and go back to the court until we get the full thing laid there and kept for the church. So when you ready to get married you just give us a call and we find you a private session and we get you the material and you load it up and you move on. We clear? We happy? Praise God. If somebody's waiting to say, "Where is the court about this? What are you doing about this? Where did you get this authority about this?" Don't worry. When you get to the married couple, that's what I will start firing first. To make sure I clear the smoke completely off, then we can soak in the material because if I bring the material, the devil will continue to play with your mind. That's right. So, we need to clear that up. Amen. Brother Brham even said something and he never gave a scripture about it and I repeated it because brother Brandham said it and I have a full confidence in brother Brham and in the message of the hour and soon and recently the Holy Spirit unfolded to me. He was right there in the scripture. The prophet is always perfectly in line with the Bible. He was right there in the scripture. And the and when I'm going to tell you that in a merit couple, some of you will scream because I'm going to pull it from the Bible. Amen. And you will be like, "Huh? Yes, it's coming from the Bible. You can't fight me. It's coming from the Bible." Amen. Amen. There is so much things laid in this message. We don't need to go outside and read this and read this and read this and go get books and you're going to have a whole library at home when God give you the message of the hour. So let's get deep into the message of the hour. Enjoy the resources that the God have already provided for our marriage, for our finances, for our spiritual life and for every aspect of our life. We clear we happy. We happy. Amen. So I won't put it on YouTube because you will say, "Hey, it's on YouTube." No, I'm dealing with married people. So it's a different territory. We talk like adult. Amen. and we go through the scripture and we pull it from the scripture and you will be amazed of things that is coming up from this message because when we pull a quote you'll be like huh okay yes it's coming from brother Brandham so you can't fight it you just have to swallow it if you need some intubation we will sedate you and make sure you there but you still can get the material soaked in amen so make sure you on time because we're going to start right on time and start moving and cut the eating and move on and get to the material. I already bought a new board like this. So, we got a new board for the married couple. I already bought it. You don't have to worry. It's coming and it's going to be delivered before the seven. So, when you get there, you're going to see a board like this fresh. Pray quickly to get married, my friend. If you can participate to the supper of the married couple. I'm sorry. I'm provoking somebody to jealousy. [Applause] Amen. Pray hard quickly. Uh if they can at least engage you, uh then we can you you can be the last one to ooze in quickly. Brother Stephen, I just got engaged. Can I get there? [Applause] Then we have to verify with the deacon. Is this really correct? [Laughter] We are home my friend. All is well. Anyway, you already got 80%. Amen. Amen. So you pray for me, you pray for the meeting so everything goes well by God's grace and we can move in clearly. Amen. Then on September the 21st, that will be the young sister's meeting and the young man. I'm still waiting on brother Enoch to give me the date and we go ahead and move on from there. Amen. Amen. Now let's go straight to our scripture. I believe I got everything clear. Praise God. you bear with me. My schedule is overloaded. So, I have the team, but I don't have time to go ahead and send it and put it in because it seems like we kind of went to a a different direction, but we're still on the same in the same place. What happened when we got inside Party for House, there was a basement Are you with me? We got into party for house and we were getting ready to go to the prison house. Then in the party for there was a basement. So we come up to open the basement and there were a diamond laying there. So when we chase the diamond, the basement is not the way we thought. We keep digging down. So once we finish, we're going to climb back up again and move to the prison house. Are we together? We clear. You understand my language, right? Praise God. So, we still way down down down. If somebody say, "Where are you?" And we're in beautiful house. Down deep into the basement. Amen. So, our life journey through Joseph 5 garment part 24. Let's go to Psalm 82. Can you see one scripture how we stuck? Amen. Amen. If three verses can hold us like this, what about the whole chapter? That's true. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. And amen. Hallelujah. You there? Amen. Let's pray so we can get uh ready. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. And even the ability to be able to come to church to stand before the precious of the blood of the lamb, Lord, and to be able to even speak that which I have spoken. You only take your grace to be able to do that. Father, I'm a human being very limited to my own ability. And your prophet taught us to master the human element. Father, may you come and move me completely out of the way. May you also move the audience visible and invisible out of the way. May you come Lord Father and speak to us. May you be the one preaching, the one interpreting, the one revealing so that Lord Father when we leave this place, we can say like the disciple on the road through Amayas, didn't our heart burn within us as you spoke with us along the way? Father, may the devil and his army be completely sealed out of this place. May only the Holy Spirit and the elect be in this place, Lord, to bless your children and to fill us and to touch every aspect of our life in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Psalm 82 verse1, very familiar. God, you there brother Benjamin? Amen. stands in the congregation of the mighty. You know who are the mighty. He judges among the gods. We know now who are the gods. Amen. Verse six, you might be seated. I have said it's like a declaration. Ye are God's. Glory to God. Verse six doesn't have anything to do with humanity as far as the carnal part. I don't know if we together. Verse six deals with the divine part. Amen. This is God speaking and God say ye are gods. Amen. Amen. God's it's a supernatural being. Amen. Amen. Ye are God's and all of you are children of men. The children of what? The most high. So everything in verse six, Amen. is dealing with deity. Amen. Amen. It's dealing with divinity. Amen. Amen. Verse six deal with deity. It's a divine part of us of these gods. Are we together? Amen. Put your seat belt my friend. You heard the the song about the blood. It doesn't come up like that. I already told you songs are prophetic. That's right. So keep really really good. I don't know how far we going to soar because the devil hate what is coming up here. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We talked yesterday about when to speak the word about the third P yesterday in question and answer. When to speak the word and how to speak it. Amen. We went through that. Yes, we did. Amen. But still the devil will trouble you. Amen. Let's see where we can go. Amen. I have said ye are gods and all of you are children of who? The most high. Verse seven. Now deal with the human part. Amen. Amen. But you shall die like what? It's a mortal part. God don't die. Are we clear? Amen. Verse seven, deal with the human part. Amen. Amen. So we talking about individual who are dual. They are gods. And they are also human. The Greek were trouble trying to understand these things. Amen. Amen. And they came up with Greek mythology and all kind of stuff trying to show how can God Hercules can be a human and can be God because there were trouble with this thing. But there is a truth somewhere. Amen. A human being could be also a God. Jesus was 100% God and 100% man. And if I want to shock you more, Amen. after the resurrection, after the glorification, Jesus could eat natural food. Amen. And disappear. Are we together? Amen. The element of the glorified body are different than the element of the natural body. Amen. But when the natural element were swallowed by Jesus Christ, they went through a process until when Jesus disappeared, what he ate also disappeared. [Applause] This is strong meat, my friend. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. The devil is fighting barefisted. We also are fighting barefisted. So, we don't have time to play with gospel, gospel, gospel. We lay the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Because you thought when he ate the fish, if he disappear, you will see pieces of fish laying there. No, he takes the pieces of fish with him. That fish before he entered Jesus will could not disappear. But when he entered the body of Jesus Christ, that fish could not disappear. Amen. Amen. And become incorporated in the glorified body. Have I lost somebody? No, sir. Is it too strong? If it's strong, you raise your hand. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. You will become what God say you will be. As much as it feels like it's impossible, you read this Bible a lot. You memorize this Bible a lot. And you came up with a lot idea. How was Elijah? How was Jesus Christ? How was this? Now your hour has come. You need to become another Bible. Yes. In your neighborhood, people will continue to talk about Jesus, but they have to start also talking about you. [Applause] [Applause] Amen. If not, we keep looking in the past. We keep looking in the and the devil trap us in the message. Brother Brham, brother Brham, brother, brother. Uhhuh. Whatever happened to the messenger is an example. [Applause] Brother Brham say God can never remove somebody if he have not finished with him. So if brother Brham was removed, it means that brother Brham is what? [Applause] Where is your return ministry coming from? I can just use one coat and begin to destroy the whole thing. [Applause] Let's continue. My friend, I'm happy because you studying very good. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Verse seven. But you shall die like who? Amen. So we are mortal. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. I love this church. I'm sorry. When I go, I think about you. I think about what makes you happy. That's why I have to upgrade the married couple just to make sure you you get good stuff. Amen. Amen. Okay. The Bible says, "But you shall die like men." Come on, and fall like one of the water, the princes. So these people will not fall until they become princes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. They can't fall like normal people. In other words, the day they going to fall, just know that they have reached the level of a prince. [Music] It's one short scripture like this, my friend, but they are layers into the scripture. They will never die until they became prisoners. Amen. In other words, the devil won't kill you. Hallelujah. Let me put it aside. Death will never strike you until you reach your title. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Oh, glory to God. When we talked about the word praise, I'm still catching up. We saw that in Genesis uh 32 talking about Jacob. We found out that it was spoken this about Jacob that that name shall be no more called what? Jacob. Shall be called no more Jacob, but what? Israel. For as a what? A prince. So, Israel means a priest. The word Israel means a priest with God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, you won't die until you become Israel. [Applause] And the name Israel in the life of of Jacob came with a change. As hard as it is to swallow, he came when Jacob locked God. And overcame God. How can you overcome God? Hallelujah. How can you overcome God? Can a human being overcome God? So that fight is the fight of God. [Music] When God when gods are fighting then one will be the winner. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we okay? Amen. Amen. Amen. So Jacob when we receive the name of Israel it means that something happened in Jacob because when they left him he was not walking the same way his work changed his spiritual walk change. So a priest hair is somebody who have received a change. Amen. In other words, you will never die until you receive a change. In other words, God will never take you off of this world. If God have not changed you yet, if God have not changed your walk yet, if God have not brought a transformation in your life until you are different than what you used to be, in other word, you will never go to hell because once you are changed, you are doomed for heaven. [Applause] Uh let's look at the word priest. Brother Brham says Jacob when he was born being a what? She called him what supplants he was not God Jacob. But when he got his what? Overcoming power and did what? And wrestled with the angel. God changed his name from Jacob to what? Israel. Which means what? A prince. The name has something to do with your life. When Peter a fisherman had done what? Overcome. By his faith in Jesus Christ, he said, "Your name is what?" Simon. But I'm going to call you what? Peter, which is what? All right. So these people won't die until they overcame. That's why in the end of every church age, he said to him that so you won't die without overcoming. Are we together? Are we together? If you see somebody too quiet, make sure they're not sleeping. Amen. Are we okay? Make sure they are here. And brother Brandham say but he says it does what? It changes you. Your name has something to do with it. And your what? Placement in life. So you won't die until you reach your adoption. Amen. Until you reach your placement. Uhhuh. You won't die. Amen. And the very name priest comes means Israel. Brother Brham says this. Glory to God. He says now Israel is different. Israel and Jew is all together different. Every Jew is not an Israelite. [Music] Jew means you came from Judea. But it doesn't mean you Israelite. Brother Brandham said no, it's just a what? A Jew. Paul never say all Jew will be saved. But he say what? All Israel will be saved. Why? Israel name. That is the name of what? Redemption. Hallelujah. So you won't die until you receive your name of redemption. Amen. Did you get that one? Amen. You won't die until you become a priest. A priest is Israel. Israel is the name of redemption. So you won't die until you receive your name of redemption. Let me say this my friend. Glory to God. Brother Brandham say there is not another name where under heaven given among who man whereby there must be what? Saved. He is God's name of what? Redemption. Amen. Who is the he? Hold on. God has a name called what? Jehovah Gyra and water. Jehovah Rafa and water. Jehovah Gyra meaning what? The Lord forgives all thy sins. And what? Jehovah Rafa which means what? The Lord heals all thy de. He had what? Many titles. But are we together? He's got how many name? One name. One name of what? Redemption. That belongs to the what? The human race. And that is the name of what? Jesus. So you won't die until you become Jesus. in the rapture. [Laughter] In the rapture, Jesus is looking for Jesus. [Applause] When Jesus meet Jesus, then Jesus said this is now born of my bone and what flesh of my flesh. This is me. [Applause] So you won't die until you reach deity, until you become Jesus, until you become Messiah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When we will preach on the new name of God, we are touch up a little bit. We will get this back again. Amen. Amen. There is only one name of redemption and you won't die without the name of redemption. Glory. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. You won't die until you receive a personal revelation of your Jesus. [Applause] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brham say that is his name. He chose what? Where did he put it? He put it where? in Christ. [Applause] Amen. Thank you, Lord. Ye are God. All of you are children of the most high. You shall die like men and you will fall like princes. That princess have a mystery. The problem is you looking at the fall. The devil is showing you fall. He doesn't show you priest prince priest. If a priest fall, is it a problem? No. There is a 911. It is not nobody falling. It's a priest. The king must react. [Applause] The falling of a priest require a king. That's why God have to leave heaven. Because priests were in trouble. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. How many priests and priests do we have this morning? God is mindful of you. You are children of the most high God. [Applause] Hey, hey, hey, hey. It is the name of redemption. Do you know redemption? Do you know redemption means what? It means you are somewhere and you went to another part and we trying to bring you back. It is a name that bring you back. Hallelujah. [Music] It it it is a system that God put in you. that at a certain time God from heaven will send a signal and that system will activate. That's why the prodical son could go home. As much as you can go when that system kick, no matter how much devil have hold you, you going to go home. [Applause] Your problem is we dying like men. That's what the devil does is is so popular about it. Dying, dying, falling, falling, falling, falling. There is a mystery to fall. [Music] You see, we are still on one scripture. You know the book of redemption was in the hand of Adam. Brother, please go read the message. Come on, man. The book of redemption was with Adam. Do you know that? Do you know that? Brother Brham said that I have the code. Okay, just trust me. after the church, I will send you the code. Okay. The book of redemption was with Adam. Adam was a human being like you. [Applause] Are we together? When Adam sin, that book could not go to the devil. He went back again to who? To God who is the original owner. So the book of redemption only can travel between gods. [Applause] [Laughter] [Applause] [Laughter] [Applause] I know some of you didn't get what I'm saying. Some of you are saying, "Why are they cheering like that?" The book of redemption cannot all fall in the hand of anyone only a god. [Applause] This message belong to God. [Applause] I'm trying to move forward. How many knows what happened in Sabino Canyon? How many knows the sword of the king he and a voice said that is the sword of who? Hallelujah. That is the sword of what? Brother Brham say not a king but what the king. In other words, there is only one king. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? Hallelujah. That sword belong to God. The one who manufactured that sword is God. And God manufactured that sword for him. Amen. But when that sword hit brother who is not the god but a god the sword his head. Hallelujah. So the Oh God have mercy. Have I lost you? In the back there. Have I lost you? In other words when you take that sword you put it in the hand of Jesus it fits. He say click. If you take it, you put it in the hand of a molar like brother Brham, it says also click, but it's not the soul of brother Brandham. It is deity clicking with deity. [Applause] That's why you and this message click. [Applause] Glory to God. Glory to God. Hey. Oh my God. But do you know what we looking at? They fall. They fall. They fall. They fall. Now I'm going to jump at the end and then I'm going to come back again because somebody's looking at the fall. The fall. The fall. Let's look at the fall. Okay. Before I move forward because I'm here to deal with the fall. Okay. Let's look at just a parenthesis. Okay. I'm just going to talk a little just two minutes right about the fall. Okay. When Adam heard the book of redemption, follow me carefully. Adam was sinless. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? And when Adam sinned, Amen. Amen. Follow me carefully. The book of redemption left Adam. Amen. In other words, Adam now is categorized as a sinner. That's right. Are you Are we together? The book left Adam and went back to a man that have not sinned. He went back to God. And it seems like that book only operate where there is no sin. But in Revelation 10, [Applause] let me go slowly this time. The book of redemption was in the hand of Adam without sin. And Adam was not born by sex. Yes, sir. Are we together? And the book went to Christ, and Christ was not born by sex. But in Revelation 10 [Applause] when the book came, the one who brought it is Christ without sin, without sex to give it to John, born in sin, shaped in iniquity, born in sex, [Applause] In other words, Adam is even generous of us because when he sin, God took the book, but me and you with our sins. [Applause] I don't know if you getting what I'm saying. I don't know if you in other words, Revelation 10 made the difference to bring the book to sinners. [Applause] John s he had to be converted. He was born by sex. For the first time, the book is hiding the hand of somebody born by sex. Not in the age of not in the age of arenous. There is a specific people born by sex that can handle the book like Adam. [Applause] Amen. [Applause] That's why Paul without you sir cannot be perfect. [Applause] The Paul that you read in the Bible is waiting for you. If you don't reach where you supposed to be, Paul is still waiting. [Applause] Are we together? Hey, don't worry. You going to understand this. It was just a parenthesis. We will come back to that. Where are we at, my friend? Verse seven. These guys die like princes. Let's go to the second scripture. Luke 15, where we were last week. I thought I'm going to go boop. Thank you, Lord. You have a We have a big problem, a big message, and the devil is using just one thing to turn us down, the fall. But we going to deal with it. Luke uh uh 15. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. We read this scripture last Sunday. Okay. We just refreshing and move on. We there. Amen. Verse 17. And when he came to himself, you know what it means. Uhhuh. Huh? Amen. You know what you mean, right? And he said, how many what? Hired servants. You understand this now? He's looking at the servant at the position of the angels. I wanted to send you all these quotes so I can move on. I say no, no, let me put it together. Let's go together. Amen. Amen. How many hired servant of my fathers have what bread enough to spare and I perish with what? With hunger. So these servant were taken care of very good and the boy witnessed that. that the the servant have things in abundance. If a servant have already things in abundance, how was that? How was that son? Let's continue verse 18. He said, I will arise and go to my father and we say to him, father, I have sinned therefore. Amen. Okay. Very good. Amen. Against heaven and before you. And I'm no more worthy to be called your son. Who told you you're not worthy? Because of the sin that he did. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. I'm no more worthy to be called your son. Make me as one of your water. hired servants. So if you sin, you move from a sunship position to a servant. I'm asking you because there is a when when you a son there is something that goes with son and when you a servant there is something that goes with a servant. So if you go under servant you got limitation. A servant cannot come and sleep on the chest of his uh his boss. When he talk to the boss, it's always a distance. But a son can do that. That's why John could sleep on [Applause] a grownup man sleeping on. You need to read between the line, my friend. This is papa. It's papa. Who do they give the book of redemption to? Bar telling me to who? [Laughter] Hallelujah. Amen. The Bible says verse uh 19, I'm no more worthy to be called your son. Make me as one of your what? Higher servant. And he arose and came to the father to his father. But when he was yet a great w of we know this now. His father saw him and had water. And ran and fell on him. Amen. Fell on his neck and did what? And kissed him. We know what it means. Amen. Verse 21. And the son said to him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and in your sight, and I am no more worthy to be called your what?" Son, who is taking himself out of the sunship, the son himself is taking himself out. The father didn't say anything. He should have even given the father a chance. I have s I mean to to speak and say I have sinned and you and you shut up. But you don't want to stop there. You don't want to hush. You want to continue. Uh father take me down and don't consider me as a son. Do you have a law from the house that say the day you going to sin you're not going to be a son? Where you coming with that? Follow me my friend. We going to get there. Amen. Follow me carefully. Amen. And then he says verse uh 22, but the father said to who? His servants. So when the son was talking, the servant were there. My friend, my friend, don't start like this again. Hallelujah. When the son was talking, the servant were there. Yes sir. And probably the servant heard that ah the son is saying that he and us we become together and the father have to correct because the word always correct the error. Amen. Amen. Thank you Lord. Speak. If you if the son has become the servant, can the servant do service to him? The servant do service only to the son or to the boss. But when the son say I'm not worthy to be called your son. Put me as the servant. God the father turned to the servant. Yes. And as the servant to do service to the son. [Applause] In other words, the the father wanted the angel, the servant to understand [Music] that regardless of what he's saying, I am the boss. [Applause] I don't know if you're getting what I'm saying. In other words, even if his prayer is requesting that you and him to be equal, I want to make sure you understand. I am the one who make the final decision. My decision he you are still his servant. Amen. [Music] Jesus say if you are ashamed of me there we go before men I will be ashamed of you where before whoal before before if you confess me before man I will confess you where be brother Robert before my father and the angels Why does he want to confess you before the angel? [Applause] Why does he want to confess you before the angel? What does the angel have to do about knowing who you are? [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. So when he was talking, the servant were there. Hallelujah. And the father turned around to the servant. He said, "Hey, you in other words, do service to him the same way you were doing before." In other words, the father made sure the authority is unchanged among the servant. If God will follow everything that come out of our mouth, we'll be in trouble. And thank God sometime he just don't follow you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's go, my friend. Where are we at? And then verse 22. But the father said to his servant, "Bring forth the water, the best robe, not a robe, the best one, and put it on him, and put a ring on his hand, and chew on water, his feet, and bring here what? The fatted calf and do what?" And kill it, and let us what? Eat and water and be married. Yes. You know when we look at this scripture we usually have a tendency to look at people who were drug addict. [Music] If I don't do this I won't help you. Amen. We look at someone who was on the street who already have tattoo and came back and become a believer. We look at somebody who was a prostitute, we say that's the prodigal son. And it seems like those that never went to the nightclub. Those that never drunk beer think that this prodigy goal story don't belong to them. [Applause] I have to put you there so I can say I can rescue you. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. But I have a news for you. Whether you were born in ghetto or whether you were born in the message and I'm going to shock you in our natural birth. We are not born in the message. [Applause] We are born at the hospital. I'm giving you time to soak in. To be born in a message is something else. All of us were born in a hospital or you were born at home. To be born in the message is to be born in Christ. [Applause] Are we together now? So whether you were born among the parent that are in the message or outside the message, here is God's declaration. The Bible say for what all how many all has done what have sinned and come what short of the glory of God. Hallelujah. It's true. It's true. You never slept with a boy. Good. Very good. But did you went around in the kitchen and pulled sugar? Johnny Johnny, you never drunk beer. But you did. Johnny Johnny, you know, you know Johnny, right? Yes, papa. Taking sugar. No, papa. Telling lies. Open your mouth. So somehow you are a sinner. [Applause] Are we together? It is just a different caliber of sin. One smoke, but you didn't smoke. You never went to the night. But look at your computer. How many time have you watch pornography? Look at your cell phone. You never slept with a man, but you have a PhD on what we do with men. So as a conclusion, all have sin. [Applause] Amen. Since we said that issue, all of us are prodig in the message outside the message. We are all prodig yourself. God don't have grandchildren. Even if you born among the parent of the you must be born again yourself. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? So born in the message born outside of the message all of our prodigal son. We clear now. We clear now. Are we okay now? Let's go to our scripture now. Now, nobody will be sitting there like I never going to the nightcl No, no, no, no, no, no. You cheated somehow. Ah, you went on a pot at night and pulled and then you you did something. Mom, I ask you something and then you were like this. You went to school and you cheated a little bit. all of that and then you come and say Lord I'm sorry I won't do it again but you did something so your curriculum v have certain things are we together are we together are we together because message believer need to be shaken that's why kids grow up in the message without the Holy Ghost and they think they have the Holy Ghost and later on we will suffer pastor will suffer stubborn born hardheaded e I mean lack of respect. You hear it from them. Why? Because they thought they got the Holy Ghost. You must be born again. All have sinned. And because we were sin, we were cut short of what? Glory of God. So, how can we go back to the glory of God? Lord, help me. Where are we at, my friend? Verse 23. 23. And bring here the what? The fat of the cal and kill it. And let us who do what? Eat and be water. And be married. It is strange we are prodical son. That when we come to the father, that's when he bring the best robe. That's when he bring the the ring and put even shoes of the gospel of preparation. How did the father only waited until we leave home and come back to receive that? Maybe you don't understand. Let me move my camera a little bit to the elder son so you will understand better. Okay, let me look at the older son. Okay, we clear. Amen. We clear? Yes, sir. We clear? Amen. Let me look at the older stone. Jump to verse 25. The Bible says because when he came, Amen. the servant saw the servant are the one that put the best hope. They put the ring and everything and they killed the father and come. When he came, he heard the music and dancing. We already went through that. That's right. Amen. Yes, sir. And he said he called the servant. He said, "What's going on there?" And if you notice the servant never told him that your brother got a ring. Let's read it. Let's read it because uh we will be Let's go. Verse 25. Now his elder son was in the field. And as he came, he drew nigh to the house and heard what? Music. And what? And dancing. And he called one of the servants. Let me leave that alone. and asked what these things mean. And he said to him, "Your brother is come and your father has killed the water, the fat of the cow because he has received him water safe and sound. Stop." He never told him, "Your brother got a best robe. Your brother got a ring. Your brother, he just went to the fatal cuff." The servant say get the fatted calf and let's see what the fatted calf cost to the older son. Are we there? We there. Amen. Verse 28. And he was how happy? Angry. Oh yeah. Only the fatted calf got him angry. If there so so so if the servant would have given the full report and say he got a ring, he got the best robe, he got the only the fed cuff already is making him upset. So what about the food report? He will kill somebody. Do you understand? Verse 28. And he was angry and will not go in. Therefore came his father out and intreated him. They begin to plead with him. Amen. But watch his answer. And he answering he answering said what to his father. He said to his father what lo this what many years do I serve you neither have what transgress I at what any time your what thy commandments I didn't say anything. In other words the older son was almost like a sinless man. Come on. He never transgress the father. But the father don't give him the ring. The ring is for the one that messed up. You You were looking at the fall. I'm looking at the fall. Amen. The one who never done anything stay there without any problem under the law very perfect don't get the ring don't get the best robe yes the oldest one in other way if you trace the oldest he's like a Pharisee amen but he could not get those stuff those stuff went to the younger the messed up one, the gentile one. [Applause] Amen. Because there are two kids. One is good. He's following the law to the other, the commandment to the land. Another one is like a stubborn one. But it's that one that get the stuff. Are we together? We clear now. Let's go back to verse 24. I want to make something. Amen. Verse 24. He says, "For my son," this my son was what? Was dead and is now how? Alive again. He was what? He was lost and he's found and they begin to do what? To be married. I'm not preaching to serpent seed, my friend. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because only God can handle this stuff. Listen now my friend brother Brandham say the prodigal son in closing not closing now when he had wasted all living the father's living with what riotist living and when he was returning home he was laying where in a pig pen and he came to himself and say what how many hired servants my father has got that has enough to spare and here I am dying for What if he tried to say, "Wonder if I got some money, I could pay that back. What I spend in running with but he knoweth the nature of his father." We got to know who we're dealing with. Amen. And he said, "I will arise and go to my father." The father never said, "Wait a minute, son. Are you bringing my money back?" I'm reading brother Brana. No, he never charged him for his sins. He was glad that he was what? Coming back. He was glad that he had come to what? Himself because he was what? His son. He was what? His own child. He was glad he was on his road. What? Now he didn't endorse his sin. But he was glad when he came what? To himself and said what? I have sinned before my God and before my father I will arise and go to him. Let's continue with brother Brham. In Hebrew the Bible say but strong meat belong to them that are what? of full age, even to those by reason of use have their senses exercise to discern what? Both good and evil. Amen. Because the devil told evil. I gave you the quote this morning that the day you will eat this thing, you will be like God. And brother Brandham said that was true. Don't worry, I don't get amen. Let's go to the Bible. Let's go to the Bible. You think the prophet will say something like that. Brother Brandham, always perfectly in order. Let's go to the Bible. If you dare, you can say amen. Genesis 3. If you there you can say amen. Amen. Verse five. You there? Amen. For God does know that in the day you what? Eat there. Then your eyes shall be what? Open and you shall be as God knowing what good and evil. Who said this? The devil. Right. Job to verse 22. That was the devil talking. Job to verse 22. That's right. And the Lord God said, "Behold, the man is becoming as what?" As one of us. Can you read the Bible with me? Because when I said some uh No, the lie when you going to see the court later after church, the lie is when he say you shall not die. Brother Brandham said that was the lie. But brother Brandham said 99 were right. I gave you the quote. You're going to see it after church. Okay. The devil say you going to be like God knowing good and what now it's God talking. Verse 22. And the Lord God say behold the man is become as what? One of us to know what? Good and evil. Amen. Now we clear. So a god, this man, this deity, God is saying you are God. All of you are what? Children of the most high, but you must become mortal. This is strong. And you will experience a fall. Yes sir. But your experience of a fall will bring you into a way to discern good and evil because you will judge this earth. One day you will judge this earth. You must know what is right and what is not right. Are we together? Are we together? We clear now. We clear now. And Paul is saying that strong meat belong to the full of age, the mature one. Because they know how to discern from good and evil. A child don't know whether that dark that candle there burn or not. It looks cool. Until he touches the fire, then he can register and next time he will discern. He won't be afraid of the candle only. But anything that look like a candle So the experience of a candle protect him from an electrical shock. You didn't get it yet. If he get an electrical shot, he can die. But the candle won't kill him because he will retrieve the finger quickly. So they let him touch the candle so he will avoid the worst. together. Are we together? We're talking about the fall, my friend. Glory to God. Listen, my friend. Brother Brandham say, "Our heavenly father, we the what? The prodigals from the kingdom." So, even brother Brandham was a prodigal. We the prodigal from what? The kingdom. Stray away. Many of us, dear father, we are not fit to be called what? Your children. You could make you could just make us as what? You're a hired servant. But you don't want us to be your servant. [Applause] Because to begin with, you were not a servant. Don't worry, my friend. He says you want us to be what? Your son and what? And daughter. To have what? The privileges of home. To go in the ice box when we know that we are what? home when we are what? Hungry and do what? Go eat. And when we are what? Tired. A servant got limitation. A servant cannot go to the refrigerator and open the refrigerator and drink something and just go. He cannot do that. And brother Brham is saying God don't want you to be servant because if you servant you won't be at home. God wants you to be son and daughters so that when you get home you can go to the refrigerator and get things whenever you want and you are free. Are we together? Are we together? Father help me. Brother Brandham said how can we stand let anybody call such a bad name call you such a bad name? You don't live for yourself. You live for others that you might redeem that man. That's right. You become what? Sons. What is son? The trouble of it is the church has forgotten they were sons. You are what? You are taking Christ place. A son meaning you are taking the place of Christ. I am the son of God. Meaning I'm taking the place of God. That's why the Jews sayh you calling yourself the son of God, we will kill you because you making yourself God. Are we together? Are we together? Remember, you won't die until you become Jesus. Are we clear? Are we clear? I'm soaring, my friend. I'm coming again. We found out that in Hebrew that in the angel the Bible say but to which of the servant the angel said he a what any time sit on my right hand until I make thy enemy what thy foottool but in Laia we will sit on the throne. You know that are they not all what ministering spirits sent forth to do what? To minister for for them who has been what? Heirs of salvation. So the servant will remain servant and son will remain sons. I will get to that. Do you know that demons are angels? Do you know that demons are angels? Yes sir. But they just fallen angel but they still angel. Amen. So if the angel are your servant, how watch what are what are demons? Because you don't understand. I'm going with the fall. If the angel, the normal angel, the holy angel are your servant. What about the fallen angel? [Applause] Do you understand what I'm saying? When you walk, the normal angel walk with you for your protection as bodyguard but the fallen angel are under your feet. [Applause] I hope we are okay. I hope we moving on. Oh, glory to God. Solomon say something strange. Lord, help me. Ah, I'm good on time. Praise God. We were integity. Solomon, I will try. I was checking the time. My wife usually tells me when you check the time you do that, you are wasting time. [Applause] So, let me continue. You got a good lawyer spoken word. A hard one. [Applause] Solomon says something very strange. He says, "I have seen servants where?" On horses, Solomon stood and he seen horses and he seen people on horses. And when Solomon look at them, they are servant in horses. Okay, maybe they send them. But let me continue the verse. Ecclesiastes 10. And he says, "And I seen what? You shall die like what?" Because the prodigal son want to be like a servant when he was a priest. And Solomon say I sin. something. When I look, I see servant upon horses and princes walking upon the earth as what? Servants where? Upon the earth. So this scenario don't happen in heaven. Are we together? In heaven everything is in order. But on the earth, it looks like things are upside down. Those who are supposed to be ruling have been ruled on. I don't know if we together. Solomon se said that I seen a tragedy in the earth. I see princes. are walking. Not just walking, they're walking as servants. Are we together? But when I look a servant, servant are on horses. In other word in the earth, we dignify, respect, praise, uphold, magnify angels, [Music] are we together? Are we together? And the sons of God, the princes are walking on foot. [Applause] If follow me. If a servant you know a servant. Okay. And then you know the the son of the boss of the companies. Right. Okay. And for some reason you see that servant cranking the car and begin to move and you see the son of the company moving. Something is wrong. If you read the scripture, you will go. You don't understand. Something must have happened to the princes that put them in such a position. What have happened to the princes that they can see the servant on Moses and they're fine? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I searched this quote. I don't remember where I got it. I thought it was a quote, but I can't find it yet. So, I'm not going to say it's a quote. I don't remember where I read it. I thought because usually I spend my time reading Brother Brana, right? But let me just give you the story. If I find the code, if it's a court, I will give it to you. There was a young man, two boys. One was older and the one the other one was young. So the older one was playing with a duck or something. Yes. Is it brother? I'm trying to f. And then he killed the duck. Do you follow me? when he killed the duck, the younger brother saw him. And he said, "Hey, I'm going to tell grandma." Do you follow me? They say, "Please, please, please, please, please, please don't tell grandma. Please, please, please, please, please, please." He say, "Okay, no problem." So, whatever I tell you to do, you do. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? So the order changes. I don't know if you're getting where I'm going. So the youngest son will be sitting in the table and he say, "Hey Mark, bring me this food." And they will see Mark coming up quickly. And they say, "Oh, he love his younger brother so much. Look at the love he has for his younger brother." And he say, "You forgot the water. Are we together? And it took for a while until one day the older son got tired. He said, "You know what? This boy is taking over me. [Applause] I don't know if we're getting together. Are we there?" He's sleeping himself. He went to grandma. He said, "Grandma, I got something to tell you. I have to tell you the truth. They fall." They fall have a power. [Applause] He said, "Grandma, I got to tell you the truth. You know the duck that died the other day, I am the one that kill it." Do you know what grandma say? Do you know what grandma say? Grandma say when you were killing the duck, I was at the window watching you. I knew already, but I was watching you to see how long you going to let your younger brother take advantage of you. Do you hear me? Do you hear me? I was a prostitute before, God saw you. I was smoking, God saw you. I lie, God saw you. God already saw you. But God is watching. How long you going to let the devil rule over you? [Applause] Because of condemnation. If something condemn you, go talk to God. And when you talk to God, it's over. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Young man, listen to me. You walk in this church, I don't want to see any of you walking like this. When you walk in this church, you walk like this. [Applause] Because my sin are under the blood. [Applause] Amen. Amen. When you see servant taking over princes, something happened to the princes and they built complexes. And we find in the story of the prodigal son that because he sin, he want to build complexes. They want to be my servant. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I can imagine. I can imagine after they finished the talk with grandma, the younger boy came back again. I can imagine. I can imagine. And he say, "Hey, bring me water, rightation." Boy, you prayed too much with me. Today is your day. [Applause] [Laughter] I can imagine the number of days all month he was taken over he built such an angel. He said boy I want you to understand this is the last time you touch my child. This is the last time you touch my family. This is the last time you touch this body. This is the last time you talk to me like this. [Applause] Things are happening in order. [Applause] Things are back in order. The message brought things back in order. [Applause] Hey. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Listen to brother Brham. Brother Brham, is a ninja a what? A higher order than a man or a what? A lower order. Brother is asking a question. You and the angel. Who's higher in order? Let me help. Let let me answer it. The Bible said, "But we see who?" Jesus who was made what? A little lower than the angels for the suffering of death. Crown with what? With glory and water. Let's go slowly. Jesus was made how? A little lower than what? The angel. So human being [Music] by default are lower than angel. We clear now? We clear now. But watch the contrast of God. When he made Christ a little lower than the angel, he didn't stop there. Amen. For the suffering of water. So there was a purpose for Christ to be made lower. There is a purpose for you to become human. It is not a weakness. It is actually a power. Yes, sir. Can I continue? And then the Bible say and crown with what? Glory. And what? So it's a creature looking lower than the angel. Amen. But that creature is crown. It's a very confusing to the devil. That's why the devil tempted Jesus Christ because he knew that hey I'm an angel. This is already lower than me. And then when he approached, he tried he found out there was a glory in that man that was different than a human being. So God made him lower than the angel. But he never let him in the inside lower than the angel. [Applause] [Music] Verse seven is the one lower than the angel. But verse six is not lower than the angel. That's why he made him lower than the angel. But he put G inside. [Applause] He crown him with glory and honor. So it's a confusing being. He might be lower but he is God. [Music] Oh my God. He says that by the grace of God he should taste what? So let's go back to our question. Is the angel a higher order than man or a lower order? Based on this the angel are what? Human being built complexes. So when we see angel we tremble. Let's continue. Brother Brandham said all right sir because I gave you the answer. He said which is the greatest a son of God a son of God or a what? Angel. Brother Brandham say a what? [Music] So even though Jesus is lower than the angel but when Jesus speak every angel back up. In other words Jesus was not complexed by his skin. Even when he approached, the devil begin to talk. They say, "What we have to do with you?" Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. That's why the scriptures say, "Let this man that was in Christ be also where even though he in other words, Jesus have to keep himself constantly that I am God. Because the fact that he is a human being, the devil will come to tempt him. Amen. That's why when Satan tempted him, he turned around. He said, "Lucifer, remember you don't tempt the Lord your God. [Applause] a human being. God [Music] he says which would God he what an angel standing there before him pleading for something or one of you pleading Demons are what? Fallen angels. But demons can talk to God, [Music] specific prayer. We asking you, slow down. Do you know what uh what legion mean? It's how many devils? I don't remember the number again whether it was 8,000 or something. Amen. But when the man was talking, did we hear 8,000 voices? How many voice were coming up? So the demon can join together in one in one accord. [Applause] I don't know if you're getting what I'm saying. Legion, a congregation of 8,000 something can join together in one accord and bring a petition to God and God answered them. If all of us get together in one to ask God for something. What will happen? Fallen angel. God is listening to them and they are very specific. Put us on the swan. And God even asked a spirit. He said, "How can you do it?" He said, "I'm going to go and be a lying spirit." And God say, "Go ahead and do it and you will succeed." What about you? Hallelujah. [Applause] How many times the devil asked for Job [Music] and God gave it to him. God giving a devil the permission to trouble his son. What about his son asking God a permission to trouble the devil? [Laughter] [Applause] Are we together? Ye are God's. [Music] Oh spoken word. God have mercy. He said which would God hear the what? An angel standing there before him doing what? Pleading for something. Or are one of you pleading? Brother Brandham say one of you are see because you are what? Sons and daughters. They are what? You are what? Sons and daughters. So see what authority you have. We are just afraid to use it. Listen my friend brother Brandham say sons and daughter who has the most power who before God. What is an angel? An angel is what? That's right. They are what? What are you? We are what? His son and daughter. Who has the most what? Power in heaven. Power where? In heaven. On the earth. Where? In heaven. Then a Christian, a sinner. [Applause] It let that soak they fall. Amen. A sinner that has been what? Oh, anger. Not an angel now. An archangel. An archangel that is standing by his what? Right side. Who is right? That has been what? Saved by grace. Has more what? Authority in heaven than what? The archangel that stood by what? Without Let's read it together again. You didn't get that because you were looking at the four. They fall, they fall, they fall. In other word, when you have a four, you already built complexes. Angel, archangel are older than me. They are powerful than me. Let's see an archangel who never sin and you who have sinned. Brother say the sinner that has been saved by water has more water in heaven than water that stood by his side. How because he is water. Hallelujah. [Applause] Archangel no sins. You sinner dead saved by coming back home. [Music] So when you are coming God forget that the air is here. [Applause] He said he said because you are his son. Son has what? No more more authority than a servant of curse. Oh, we forgot what we are. We forgot many times what made us what we are after we become what we are. Then we forgot what how we got there. [Applause] You are smoking. They took smoking off from you. Now you begin to forget the power that move you from that place. [Music] Amen. No, it's hard if I can go there. Let's go to Romans 7. Because if I touch John 17, that's it. We lost. I'm trying to go back to the prayer of Jesus. Let's go to Romans 7. Hallelujah. If you dare, you can say amen. We're talking about therefore. Therefore, therefore, knowing good and evil. Therefore, amen. Let's go to verse uh Romans 7 verse 18. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. We there. Amen. Verse 18. The Bible says, "For I know that in me." Verse seven, in the board. I know that in me. In the water, flesh. In the human part. We clear on the board here. In the flesh, in the human part. Remember the trouble is not here. Trouble always here. The fall is always here. The dying is here. Death here. Falling here. Not over there. I know that in me, in my flesh, the human part. I know that in me, in my flesh, dwell what? No good thing. You know who's good, right? Good master. Jesus look, he say there is nobody good but God. So in your flesh okay there is no good things for to will is present with me amen but how to perform that which is good I find not in me I want to do what is right but the way I want to do it sometime I messed up Let's continue because that's where the devil comes and say you you are not God. You are not God. I told you you are not God. Look how you struggling. Now Paul is dividing things because the devil keep coming say you are not God. You just got upset five minutes ago. You're not God. Tell the devil you don't even know what God means. Let me explain you what God means. You did that to Eve, not me. Not this evil. Not me. Ah, this is not Eve era. This era, the seals are broken. Amen. He says in verse 19, "For the good that I would, I do not, but the evil which I would not that I do." We need to understand this very carefully. Yes sir. So in other word inside of Paul, he already hates evil. Oh God have mercy. Amen. Oh, glory to God. This is Paul one. This is Paul too. Let's call this man the outward man. Amen. And let's call this man the inner man. Amen. This is the outward man right here. Amen. All kind of stuff. Amen. Paul say in here follow me nothing good amen. Amen. But in here there is something in here I love good. Amen. And I hate evil. Keep that together. If this guy love evil, it's a problem. Are we together? That's why brother Brham say when God judges he judges the heart. God when he comes he check first inside. When God look inside he said the inside hate evil so you trap him. That's right. He didn't mean it. Let's go slowly, my friend. Verse uh 19. For the good that I would, I do not. By the evil which I would not that I do. Paul is saying that inside here I'm determined to only do good. That's right. I don't want to do evil. Amen. But I found myself caught in evil. But inside of me, that is not what I wanted to do. And the devil is using that and saying you are bad. You are not where you're supposed to be with the Lord. That's right, brother. You've been repenting for all these 20 years. And before you know it, you like this. Maybe I guess uh things are not what I thought. Let's go verse 21. He says uh verse 20. Now if I do that I would not. In other words, at the beginning I didn't want to do it. Not a purpose to do wrong. I was not going there to fight. I was not going there to argue. But I got under the pressure and I I found myself yelling. But that is not what I went there to do. I went to talk to them. So your inside is not bad. Even though you were caught in a yelling, but you still not bad. Amen. Are you understanding me? Because the devil will catch you right there and say you got upset. That's why you are not a Christian. That's why you don't have the Holy Ghost. Because a Holy Ghost man could not behave like you did. Why do you always come to me about the Holy Ghost and Christian? [Applause] Because you know better. So I need to now discern. Hallelujah. Oh Lord have mercy. Where are we at? Verse 20. And if I do that which I would not, it is no more I. Paul, you the one that did it. Paul say me. But Paul, we s we we we recorded you. If it's too strong, we stop, my friend, because this is strong stuff. Paul, you the one Paul say it's not me. I know my heart. I know my heart. I know who I am. I come to a conclusion. I'm not a bad man. I know my heart, my friend. I never intend evil for somebody. I can make mistake, but I'm not bad. [Applause] When you begin that language, the devil knows what you say. I'm trying to free you, my friend. [Music] Because this nature is sticky and the devil is shooting constantly here to bring you under condemnation. So you got to have a higher morale because he made the Christian journey a miserable journey. That's right. Yes. Where instead of focusing on God, we focus more on the devil. When you wake up, uh the devil, the devil, the devil, the devil, the devil, you become devil omniresent. You don't see God, God, God, God, God, God, God, God. You just see the devil, the devil, the devil, the devil. Amen. Amen. A woman dress wrong, the devil. A woman dress God. Father, thank you because you saved me. [Applause] And now everything is toward God. [Applause] I'm not a devil advertiser. [Applause] Do you know nowadays things are so bad? Everybody's bad. Homosexual. I don't have time for homosexual. Children of God are getting strong. The message become clear, planner, beautiful, yummy. Things are changing. My kids are moving. Their grade are coming up good. They begin to be filled with the Holy Spirit. There is a lot to talk about. [Applause] They hate to be ignored. Can I continue? Can I continue? Glory to God. He said, where are we at, my friend? Oh, glory. 21. He says verse 20. And if I do that which I would not, it is no more I that do it. But it's who? Sin that do it, brother enemy. Nothing to left good. Paul is saying that nothing dwelleth good is sin. And Paul say when I did something bad it is not me. It is sin h you the one that did it. Yes. But it's not me in me. I don't want to do sin. It is sin that is doing sin. Don't worry my friend. These are strong stuff. It's born to crack. Okay, we will go slowly my friend. Can we continue? Amen. Verse 21. And I found then a lot. Uhhuh. When I would do good, what is wrong? Evil is present with me. Evil is present in your flesh. That's right. Brother Brandham say that's why you want to wake up going to church. Evil is telling you you tired. Stay home. Stream. Stream. It's evil. Brother Brandham. Say it's evil telling you though. And as soon as you get to church, that sleepness is gone. So you are waiting for me to hit the door of the church because that sleepness want to keep you home. That's right. [Music] Are we together? And the because the devil and and if you stay home streaming after a while you will hear a condemnation like I should have gone to service. It's too late. It's too late now. You stay at home and next Wednesday he comes again with the same thing and you don't learn. You don't learn. You keep doing the same thing. He said, "Don't worry." Have you ever noticed how Wednesday are always a lot of stuff going only on Wednesday? On Tuesday, no problem. Because he knows there is no service. Wait on Wednesday. Wait on Sunday morning. You see, why is he trouble only on Wednesday on Sunday? He knows what is going on. He's using evil in you. [Laughter] You need to understand. That's why brother Brandham said the greatest battle ever fought started in us. Can we continue? Where are we at? He says, "I found a law." Verse 21, "When I'm good in time." Yeah. Let me try quickly. And then he say, I found a law that I would what? When I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight. [Music] It's a pleasure. I delight in the law of what? God. After what? The inward man. When I take my heart, I I I enjoy God. I want to be like God. I love God's stuff. But therefore, you keep showing me like I'm no good. Amen. Why is the devil tormenting you like that? Because there is a power when you understand this thing. If not, a servant will walk on the horse and the prince will walk as a servant. Amen. He says verse 23. But I see another law where in my members doing what? Waring against the law of my mind. Brother Brham say that mind means heart. So there is a waring against the law of my mind and bringing me into what? Captivity to the law of what? Sin. Which is where? In my members. Oh wretched man. Amen. In other words, Paul, Paul is saying, I have a fight within myself. Miserable. Oh, wretched man. Amen. Amen. That I am. Who shall deliver me from the body of what? This death. Remember those people die like men? So Paul realized that in the flesh there is death. [Applause] And he found that that death is worrying constantly. When he want to do something good, something is blocking him. Paul said, "Wait a minute. Who who who can take this flesh away so I can be free 100% in a glorified body to go serve the Lord?" Amen. Are we together? Amen. Verse 25. I thank God. Hallelujah. through who? Jesus Christ. Lord, our Lord. So then with the mind I may serve what? Serve the law of God. But with the flesh the law of what? I thank God. Now I understand that inside of me I am a good man. Even though sometime I'm going to be caught up into stuff. This prepare you to Roman 8 verse1. Amen. [Laughter] Amen. Amen. When you understand this, the problem is over. Now if I trouble, it is not me. What do I do? Repent. Go see grandma. Go see grandma quickly. Tell grandma about the duck. Tell grandma about the duck quickly. Are we together? Are we together? Let's go to Luke verse now. Roman 8 verse what? After you understand the mystery that in me I'm not bad. Say it to yourself. Say it to yourself. I'm not bad. I'm not bad. I'm a child of God. I'm a son of God. I'm a son of the king. I am God. There is nothing evil in me. If your heart condemns you not [Applause] brother John brother the Bible say if your heart condemn you not. Not if your body condemn you not. Not your body if your heart condemn you not. Not the body. Their heart condemn you not. Amen. [Applause] That's why Elijah was a man of like passion. Brother Brham say he has his greatest enemy with your own brother. It is not the inside with your brother. It is the sticky with your Mayan brother. But that didn't stop the inside to create squirrel. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? When you understand the battle, the fight that goes within you. Are we together now? Roman 8 verse1. Let's read it together. There is therefore in other words as a conclusion. Yes sir. As a conclusion there is therefore what? No no what? Condemnation to them which are what? In Christ Jesus who walk after the what? The flesh. Not after not after the flesh but after the what? The spirit. In other words, as long as I'm walking in the spirit, there is no condemnation. [Applause] Let me ask you something. If you got upset, brother Charles, you are very upset. And then if you turn around, you say, "I'm sorry." Have you cooled down? No. You have not cooled down yet. The devil would tell you you wait when you cool down. That's correct. Before you pray, but that's not what God say. When I turn around and I say, I am sorry. Whether my temperature is coming down, there is no more condemnation. Yes sir. Yes sir. Because many of you play ball, you know how we play basketball, how we do this. The hand is moving the ball, but if you take the hand off, the ball will continue to bounce, but the hand is not there. All it takes is a matter of time and that ball will bust, bust until it's flat and it stop. If you ask me, the ball is bursting. There is no hand there. But it's still bouncing. There is no hand there. But the ball is still moving. You keep looking at the ball. The hand is not there. There is therefore no condemnation. [Applause] I I have to break down like this so you see it clearly. [Applause] Stop. I'm going to close. In Romans 3, the Bible say, "All have sinned." Remember Romans 7, the battle? Romans 8, no condemnation. Why? What is God trying to do? Why is God preparing you to no condemnation? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Let's read then. I'm going to finish here. I'm going to stop here because time is gone. He says verse two, for the law of the spirit of life in who? In Christ Jesus had made me what? Free from the law of sin and death. For what? The law could not do in that he was what? Weak through the flesh. God sending who? His own son in the likeness of a perfect flesh. sinful flesh. Hallelujah. Even the son have to come in the likeness of a sinful flesh. We will get to that on the next the Lord's willing. Then you're going to see what where where he we heading. He said in the likeness of sinful flesh and for what? Sin condemn what? Sin in the flesh. He condemns sin where in the flesh. Job to verse 19, my friend. No, Job to verse uh nine. I'm sorry. You there? Amen. But you are not what? In the flesh. Ah, but the flesh is the one troubling you. I still see your flesh. That's right. That's right. But Paul say you are not in the flesh, but in the water. In the spirit. If so be that the water, the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of God, he is not his what? None of his. We clear there. Uhhuh. Job to verse 34. Then I finished. Watch. Uh Job to verse uh uh job to verse 18. Amen. Amen. Verse 18. If you're there, you can say amen. Amen. Job go to 17. I'm going to close. He say if children then we are what all have sin cut short of the glory of God in you good in you in your flesh bad. I'm struggling. Who can deliver me? Thank be to God. There is therefore no condemnation. Why no condemnation? Because God is about to do something. That's right. I'm in Roman 8. What is he trying to do? He's reminding us now who we are. Watch in Roman 8. God have to clear that condemnation because if the condemnation is there, he cannot bring the remaining of Roman 8. I don't know if you're getting this. He says in in verse 17, if children, remember all of you are children of the most high. If children, then what? Hes hairs of who? Of God. And what? And joint hes with Christ. And if so, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be what? Glorified together. For I reckon that the suffering of what this present time are not worthy to be compared with what? With the glory, which shall be what? Revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of what? The creature. Wait for what? the manifestation of the sons of God. After the condemnation is removed, then the son of man can be manifested or revealed. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Let's finish his this on verse 33. 34 33. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Watch this. is the same verse Romans 8 verse 33 who shall what lay anything against what to the charge of God's elect it is who God that do what that justify why is God standing there to justify them because justification means you did it you did it here and the record shows that you did it here. The courthouse have it that you did it here. So justification means you did it here but you never done it there. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? That's why God said who shall lay what? Any child. Who shall lay what? Anything. Who shall they? How many? Anything. How many? Anything. What does anything mean? Anything. Anything means anything. So who are they? Anything? [Music] Tell the devil you are bringing charges. They already say who shall lay anything? So if you already have something, you are wrong to begin with. God help me. He said, "Who shall lay anything to the what?" Charge of God's elect. Charge of God's what? Elect. Remember when we when we going to come back in in John 7, this is the one Jesus was praying for. Yes, sir. For God is the elect. It is God that do what? That justifyth. Who is he that does what? That condemnth. It is Christ that did what? That died and water. Yay. rather is what that is risen again. Who is even where? The right hand of God. Doing what? Who also maketh intercession. Why is he interceding? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stop here, my friend. Let's stop here, my friend. The inside man loves God want to do the work of God doesn't want to do what is wrong want to leave the message the inside God doesn't fight back with brother brother the inside God even though the inside man even though the outside don't want it the inside is saying Lord help me I want I agree with brother Brham but the outside man is having trouble and God say wait a minute don't look at the outside man remember there is somebody making intercession I already put a 24-hour service to handle your flesh [Applause] Let's stop here, my friend. We're going to pick up again and we're going to see these two stages in the life of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Because Moses was blown when they told him under the blood under the blood of bulls and goat that he can be God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And it started with Moses, the one who killed somebody. And God say, "You're going to be God." A God murderer. Do you see what Moses have to fight? Amen. Do you see what Moses have to fight? Jesus. Amen. Even his own brother reminded him that do you want to kill me like you did the Egyptian? Amen. Either you take the leadership or you keep stuck right there. I'm not going to Egypt anymore. You making that intercessor waste his time because he's going to Roman 8 to break the condemnation and say you're wasting your time with this battle right here. There is therefore no more condemnation. Move on to the manifestation. And at the end, if you watch Romans 8, it talks about the body change. But to move from that all the way to the body change, condemnation have to be clear for you. You have to be mature enough to understand this thing to remove condemnation. Don't linger with grammar. Go talk to grandma. Don't linger with grandma. Are we clear? Let's stop here. Let's stand. Father help. I'm sorry I went 10 minutes over. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. You would not manifest God when you are in glorified body. Keep that in mind. Okay. If you're waiting for the rapture, like some are waiting. Yeah, we all waiting for the rapture. But if you're waiting for the rapture and then after the rapture, that's when you're going to be speaking things. That's your problem. I will show you a quote where brother Brandham say you will regret. I will show you a quote. It's right here. Amen. But we got to deal with that thing. You understand the fall a little bit today. Next time God knew why we have to stop at the fall and the condemnation. Now you're going to see what is God want you to be. Amen. Amen. So now you can swallow it because if we don't deal with this, you won't swallow that. You will have a hard time swallowing it. That's correct. But I'm going to go scripture and quote and quote and quote and quote and you see it. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, once again we thank you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy and Lord, Father, your rescue coming up to us. Father, delivering us from these daily battles, these daily confusion that the devil for years. We have been beaten down and it seems like we go 10 zero and go back 10 zero and go back 10 zero and it's weary to the spirit. But father, you are coming to show to us that when we reach 10, we are 10. We just need to talk to grandma right there and continue our journey. Lord Father, may you help this church. Lord, may you help your children worldwide. May you help us, Lord, to overcome these things because you waiting and nature itself is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Yes. But the sons of God, has been beaten down, have been troubled in their flesh, have been unknowing, tormented constantly by the devil, not knowing how to fight this battle. And the enemy has intensified. Lord, they fight until it's almost impossible to see anyone dress immoral, I mean morally outside. Everywhere we going, women are dressed wrong. Everywhere we going, people are cursing. Everywhere we looking, it's sin, sin, sin, sin. All over sin. And it seems like it's trapped everywhere. How can you bring a bride without spot? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In this time like this, in the midst of a certain Eden, how can you bring people that can keep their mind sound? Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes. In the midst of societies that have lost their mind where clothing that were wore by mental illness people are now called fashion a pair of gin that is torn down. Yes Lord Jesus for mad people today it becomes something normal. Yes. What was evil is called good until our children are confused. They're trying to confuse the bathrooms. Amen. Father, how can we live in such a world? Thank you, Lord. Without being affected one way or the other by the devil. And every time we are affected, he ride on that to beat us down and show that you are not better than them. But father, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. You are unfolding this thing. So that we can stay up, keep our nose off the water and keep moving up knowing Lord Father that we are Christian. We are your children. We love you. Our heart is yearning for you and we are children of the most high. Father, touch those that are sick. Touch those that are afflicted. And whoever who came here with a problem, may you give them solution. And whoever who have not clear with grammar, may they go back and remove that thing that they have hidden that the devil has been using to beat them down. May they unfold it completely so that they can be free and receive the kiss of the son and be totally free indeed. Father, we commit Lord the remaining of the day and the oncoming week unto the hand. May your blood continue to protect us in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you church. We love you. That God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. that God should love a sinner such as I should yearn to change my sorrow into bliss or rest till he had planned to bring me nigh. How wonderful is love like this. Such love, such wondrous love, such love, such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this that Christ should join so freely in the scheme. Although it meant his death on Calvary. Did you ever use my tongue find no flirting? Then love divine that ransom me. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love. Y'all can be dismissed this afternoon. Hallelujah. that for a will for outcast such as I. The father plan the savior bled and died redemption for a worthless slave to buy. Who long had low and grace defied? Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. And now he takes me to his heart a sign. He asks me not to fill a servant's place. The far off one are all done. Wide open are his arms. Such love, such wonderous love, such love, such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love. Let's sing that last verse again. Amen. And now he takes me to his heart a son. He asks me not to fill a servant's place. The far off country wanderings are all done. Wide open are his arms of grace. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love. Such wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. Such love. Such wonderous love. Such love, such a wonderous love that God should love a sinner such as I. How wonderful is love like this. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Redeemed how I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his infinite mercy, his child. And forever I am redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed. Forever. I am redeemed and so happy in Jesus. No language my rapture can tell. I know that the light of his presence with me does continually dwell. [Music] Redee him. Redee him. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee his child and forever again. I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all the day long. I sing I cannot be silent. His love is the theme of my song. Redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redee, redeem his child and forever my
