################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-12 - God's Immutable Oath - Bro. Charles Hamilton III - Charles Hamilton III - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-12
Title:   God's Immutable Oath - Bro. Charles Hamilton III
Speaker: Charles Hamilton III
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1_WRaPwp8-4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise God. We'll be upstanding tonight. Amen. Even as we pray committing the service into the hands of the Lord and we ask that he take prereeminence tonight and lead the service the song service the preaching of the word and those on their way coming that he lead them safely. Let us pray. Father in the name of Jesus we are grateful tonight Lord to be in your presence. Lord we are grateful Lord Jesus oh God to be amongst the living today. Lord we are grateful to be called to be in your presence tonight Lord. We just bless your name. We just give you all the glory, Lord Jesus. You deserve every praise, Lord. You deserve every honor tonight, Lord. We just lift up our voices, Lord Jesus, to say thank you, Lord. Thank you for being with us. Thank you, oh God, for your directions. Thank you, Lord, for your leadership, Lord. Thank you, Lord, for your protection. Thank you, Lord, for your provision, Lord Jesus, each and every day of our lives. Lord, thank you, Lord Jesus. God, Father, for being in your presence tonight, Lord, we know you have so many for us tonight, Lord. And Father, we humbly come before you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and asking if there be anything, oh God, that we've done, oh God, that is a hindrance tonight, Lord. We ask for your forgiveness, Lord. And we ask for your mercy, Lord Jesus. Oh God, may you take prereeminence tonight, Lord. We commit our song service into your hands, Lord Jesus. We ask, Father, oh God, for the strength, Lord Jesus, oh God. Father for the voices Lord Jesus. Oh God touch our bodies. Give us the strength oh God. May we worship with our whole hearts Lord tonight Lord Jesus. Oh God. Father may you set the atmosphere Lord Jesus for your preacher tonight Lord Jesus. Oh God we ask father may you take him aside Lord. And father may you use him and speak through him Lord Jesus. God and father God all the blessings oh God that come with your word Lord Jesus we receive tonight Lord. Those on their way coming Lord Jesus are in your hands. We ask father God may you protect them Lord on the roads Lord Jesus oh God on the highways Lord we ask father God for your protection lead them safely Lord Jesus God we together oh God in one accord Lord Jesus oh God shall lift your name on high tonight Lord we bless you Jesus we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen and amen I believe we are all thrilled to be in the presence of the Lord tonight and we want to worship him and praise him tonight. Amen. Want to take this song uh we started learning it two weeks ago. Amen. And we're going to take it once more to worship the Lord. Eagle's wings. Amen. We start with a chorus that says, "Come leaving me all my life take over." Amen. Come leave in me all my [Music] life. Take [Music] over. Come breathe in me and I will rise on him. Go come live. Come live in me. All my life. Take [Music] over. Come breathe in me and I will rise. [Music] Come live. Come live in [Music] me all my life. Take [Music] over. Oh, come breathe in me and I will rise. [Music] All come tonight. Come live in me. Oh my life. Take over. Come breathe. Come breathe in me. I will rise. Oh, oh, come live in me. Come live in me. Oh my life. Take over. Come breathe. Come breathe in me. I will rise. [Music] Oh, one more time. Come living in me. Come leave me all my life. Take over. Come breathe. Come breathe in me and I will rise. Here I am waiting. Here I am waiting. Abide in me I [Music] pray. Oh here I am longing for you. [Music] Hide me in your [Music] love. Oh, hide me in your love. Bring me to my knees. May I know Jesus? Oh, may I know Jesus more and more. Oh, come live. Oh, come live in me. Oh, my life. Oh, take over. Come breathe. Come breathe in me and I will rise on. Come live. Come live in me. Oh my life. Oh, take over. Come breathe in. Come breathe in me. I will rise. Oh, one more time. Come live in me. Come live in me all my life. [Music] over. Come breathe. Come breathe in me. I will rise. Oh [Music] go. You a sign. In your majesty gave up everything for me. Suffered at the hands of those you have created. You took all my guilt and shame. When you died and rose again, now today you reign. Heaven and earth exalt. I really Oh, I really want to worship you, my Lord. Oh, you have my heart and I am yours forever and ever. I will love you. You are the only one. You died for me. Gave your life to set me free. Oh, I lift my hands to you. I really want Oh, I really want to worship you, my Lord. Oh, you have all my heart and I am yours forever and ever. I will love you. You are the only one who died for me. gave your life to set me free. So I lift my voice to you. Now I really want Oh, I really want to worship you, my Lord. Oh, you have my heart and I am yours forever and ever. Oh, I will love you. You are the only one who died for me. Gave your life to set me free. So I lift my voice to you. One more time. Oh, I really want to worship you, my Lord. You are all my heart and I am yours forever and ever. Oh, I will love you. You are the only one who died for me. Gave your life to set me free. So I lift my voice to you. One more time. Oh, I really want to worship you, my heart. I am yours forever and ever. I will love you. You are the only one who died for me. Give your life to set me free. So I lift my voice to you in adoration. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. We want to worship and we want to praise him tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Want to praise the Lord tonight. Amen. I believe we are ready. Amen. Don't look at me or you. Just look to him above. Amen. We are worshiping him tonight. Amen. And we are praising him with all our might. [Music] Amen. Coming down, down, down. It's coming down. Oh, the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when the saints begin to pray for the Lord. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. It's coming down. He's coming down. Down. is coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when the saints begin to praise the Lord. And the glory of the Lord is coming. Oh, he's coming down. He's coming down. Down. He's coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when the saints begin to pray for the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, it's coming down. It's coming down. Down. It's coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, begin to break the Lord. And the glory of the Lord is down. One more time. Oh, he's coming down. He's coming down. Down. He's coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, Lord. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, he's coming down. Coming down. Down. Down. Is coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when the begin the glory of the Lord one more time, he's coming down coming down coming down. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. When the saints begin to pray for the Lord and the glory of the Lord is coming. Oh, he's coming down. He's coming down. Oh, he's coming down. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. Where the saints begin to praise for the Lord have his way. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. They were in the audition [Music] [Music] The power just now. Oh Lord, send the power down. Yes, this power from heaven. Yes, this power from heaven be. Oh the sound of rushing. [Music] Oh king of the holy pass. Oh Lord send the power. Come on somebody. Oh Lord send the [Music] power. Yes. This time yes power g to our father who are true. This is pro to you and I should. Oh every. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, send the power. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, send the power down. Oh Lord, send the power [Music] just one more time. Oh Lord, send the power. Oh, send the power down. Oh Lord, send the power and everyone we walk blessed Lord in the way that go straight to the land of God to the Lord. Feel my way every day. Oh my way. My way as I walk with the heaven. Let me go on with the fill my way. Keep me close to the sun. Keep me close to the sun. Oh my savior and guide. Let the earth burn down my ground and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day. Feel my way. Fill my way. Every day walk with the heaven. Oh, let me go all the way with a song in a fill my way every day. Oh, fill me. Fill my way every day with I walk with the [Music] heavenly with the fill my way. One more time. Fill my way till my heavenly love as I walk with a heaven. Let me go all the way with a song and a smile. Fill my [Music] way. Oh, the fresh of love of Jesus. I will praise my rest of soul for our sing. [Music] Oh, the precious blood of Jesus. I will soul forever more. I sing it with you. There is something there is something in my soul which gives the shadow. It is love my savior's love every day by day. It is love my love. Oh the precious love of Jesus. I will bring you my rest of soul more and more. I'll sing his praises through the earth. When a temper when the tempter tries to win me something to a strong love something makes my life a blessing to the cross the precious blood of Jesus we feel of your soul for all I see you. Now listen to this one. When misfortune overtakes me, something my trouble breed love something my soul to heaven and hidden love the pressure. Oh love of Jesus. Oh we free. Glor is all the precious love of Jesus. Oh my god. All the precious on the precious love of Jesus. I feel my rest forever. I sing his praises while [Music] they Oh, his banner over me is love. Oh, he's better over me. Love. Oh, he's from me to bring. Oh, he's better over me. He's better. Oh, he's better over me. His love. Oh, he's better over me. His love. Oh, it is me to his great morning. It is better over me. It is love. Oh, it is love. Is love is better over me. It is love. It is from me to his very pretty wall. And it's better over me. Oh, it is love is love. His love is better than only his love. And he's brought me to his very low. [Music] And I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. And I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven shouting victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. One more time. I'm on my way. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. One more time without the music. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm going my way to heaven. Shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus. On my way to heaven. Victory. I'm my way to heaven. Victory. I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting victory. Glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. [Applause] Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I wish we could continue. Continue. Amen. But we still have more time to sing more songs. Amen. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. It doesn't even feel like there are empty seats tonight. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We have a testimony from um brother Zach tonight. Amen. Um but he has a prayer request. Amen. And he said, "My sister Esther is in labor since this morning. Please keep her in prayer that all goes well and the baby is born quickly." Amen. So that is our prayer tonight. The baby be born quickly. All goes well. Amen. With baby and mother tonight. Amen. Amen. So we're going to ask Zach to give us um his testimony tonight. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Amen. So, I had a incident a couple nights ago um where uh I was taking one of our propane tanks that we use for heat uh from the camper that we live in and um uh we were out of propane that night and so I was going to take it to the Dollar General down the road just to exchange it and and get it refilled. So, um, I'm unhooking it and it's dark outside, so I'm I'm not really think I've done it so many times that I I didn't really think of it. And so, I automatically assumed that it was on like that the uh the um what do you call it? The knob on on top was on. So, I turned it all the way off, or so I thought, and I unhooked it from the camper and I took it and I put it in my car and I smelled a little bit of gas, but that's pretty typical. So, I didn't really think much of it, but I put it in the car and I got in and it I smelled gas, but I was like, well, you know, that's typical. It's just it's an empty tank, you know, maybe it's just a little bit that leaked out. So, I get in and I try to crank the car and the battery is completely dead. I'm like, that's so weird. And then it hits me that there's that strong a significantly strong smell of gas in the car. So, I get out and I'm standing there and I'm like, I think the Lord just saved my life because it it just it just hit me all of a sudden. Like, that's it was so strong. So, I pulled the the propane tank out of the car and I shine my flashlight on it and it was a kind of an old tank, so it was a little bit faded and hard to see, but it was turned all the way on. And I'm guessing there was a little bit more propane in there. I thought it was empty. So, um I I just I thank the Lord. I told Lily I said, "Come outside and and smell the inside of this car." And it was just a very thick distinct smell of just strong gas. I was like, "The Lord just saved my life." So, the next or uh earlier today, um I went back out and I hadn't driven the car since then, of course, but um I was going to go jump it out and restart the battery. And so, I just thought I'd put the key in the ignition and, you know, just just just see what happens. Um without actually jumping it out. And the car just cranked right up. And so I was like that that just settles it right there. That that was the Lord that kept me safe. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't be here tonight. That could have been a bad explosion. But I just wanted to give God all the praise for that. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We want to invite brother Charles II. Amen. um to thank the Lord for this wonderful testimony and for the life of our brother and also commit his sister Esther in um to the Lord tonight that the Lord would deliver the baby safely. Amen. Amen. Let us pray. I enjoyed that testimony, brother. My goodness. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, because we know you still sit on the throne and watch over your children, Lord. Lord, it's such a blessing, Father, to hear, Lord, the things you're doing in your children's lives, Father. Lord, Lord God, we just approach you, Father, giving thanks for everything you're doing in our lives, Lord God. Father, we pray, Lord Jesus Christ, that you forgive us, Lord God, and anything that we said or done, Lord God, or thought, Father, any neglect of your will or Lord, speaking about the things of God, Lord, anything that we've done that's contrary to your will, your word, Father, anything that displeased you, Lord, we just we ask for forgiveness, Lord. if it was against our brother or sister, Lord, have mercy upon us, Lord. Brother Brandham said, we we backslide many times a day, Father. So, we just ask for mercy, heavenly father. And Lord, we know, Father, as you grant us mercy, Father, Lord, that there's a a strength in your blood, Father, to give us strength, Lord, to just journey on, Lord God. Father, we pray, heavenly father, that you take preeminence over this service, Lord God. Lord, we pray, heavenly father, for brother Zach's sister, Lord God, that you give her a speedy delivery, heavenly father. Lord, send the angels of God in the room, heavenly father. Lord, to give her the comfort that she needs, Father. Lord God, we pray, heavenly father, that you just grant the entire family, Lord God, a moment, Lord God, to maybe drive down and rejoice with us, with a sister, Lord God. Father, we pray, Lord God, for the tithes and offerings that you use them for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord Jesus. Father, we pray, heavenly father, that you grant the desires of your children, Father, that they might give in abundance, Lord Jesus Christ, that we might finish the work of of the of the uh the the building across the the building that we're building, Lord God. You know all things, heavenly father. Lord, we pray that you use the man of God for we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. We've got two specials tonight. Amen. The first from Sister Yok. Amen. And then after that we invite brother Enoch. Amen. [Music] God bless you saints. [Music] Jesus, bright as the morning star. [Music] Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to me? Jesus, song that the angels sing. Jesus, dearer to my heart than anything, purer than springtime, sweeter than sunshine. Ever my song will be Jesus you're beautiful. [Music] Oh, to [Music] me Jesus, bright as the morning star. Jesus, how can I tell you how beautiful you are to me? Oh Lord, yes Jesus, song that the angels sing. Jesus dearer to yes than anything sweeter than springtime. Purer than sunshine, ever my song will be. Jesus, you're [Music] beautiful to me. Oh. Oh, you're beautiful. So beautiful. Oh, beautiful. So beautiful. So beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Beautiful. [Music] Beautiful. Beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Wonderful. [Music] Heavenly [Music] beautiful Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Oh, morning star. Morning star. Oh Lord, you are beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful. Sing. Beautiful. Beautiful. So beautiful. Jesus, you're beautiful to me. Sweeter than springtime. Pureer than sunshine ever my song will [Music] be. Jesus you're [Music] beautiful to me. [Music] Amen. He makes all things beautiful in his time. Amen. Amen. We want to invite brother Enoch tonight. Amen. Amen. God is good all the time. Amen. So, we're going to sing that and invite brother Steven to the pulpit. Amen. God is good all the time and all the time God is good. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. If we're going to sing this together for the glory of God. Yes, sir. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] If you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised to never leave you, no forsake you. And his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We were sinners and so unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can sing and testify. Amen. That his love is everlasting. And his mercy and his mercy there will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this part of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Though I may never though I may not understand all the plans you have for me. Your life in his hand. My life is in your hand. Through the eyes through the eyes of I could see God is good. for a song of praising this God of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. I will not [Music] go all the time. [Music] Though I may not [Applause] understand all the plans you have for me. My life is in your head. Yes, Lord. And through the eyes of him, I could clearly see God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. Second verse. If you're walking, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. For he has promised never. He made a promise to no forsake you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time through the darkest night. His light will shine. God is good. Yes, he is. God is good. God is good. He's so good. He's so good. God is good. Yes, he is. God is good all the time. All the time. Hallelujah. [Music] God is good all the time. The [Music] sun through the darkest night was shine. God is good. God is good. That's it right there. Let's go. We were seen so unworthy still for us to die. That's [Music] ter we can stand there and testify that he's everlasting and his mercy there will never end. God is good. That's it right there. [Music] In this heart of mine, God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] to the valley and there are shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Remember he has promised you never leave you nor forsake you for his word is true. God is good. Hallelujah. All the time. You want that song of praise. In this heart of mine, God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Let's go. God is good together. God is good all the time. put a song of praise in his heart of mine. God is good all the [Music] time. God is good. He's good. God is good. Hallelujah. God is good. Amen. That's right. God is good. That's exactly what all the time. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Amen. [Applause] This is how you worship the Lord on a convention day. Amen. I appreciate 45 miles, but I go 55 miles. Amen. Because when I'm working, that song plays and it's 55 miles an hour. And when I'm here, you going with me on 45. Let's go back to 55. Amen. Amen. Because we have something to dance about. We have something to shout about. We have something to praise God about. Amen. He's unveiling every plan of the devil left and right, freeing our life, filling us with the Holy Spirit. God has been so good to us. Amen. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. If you're sweating, brothers Charles means you did a great job for the Lord. Amen. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Welcome, welcome, welcome to spoken word convention on Wednesday. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Amen. Everybody now clear by the time the timing of God. Amen. Do it. Wait for it. You pray for me. So we will see what is the waiting. How do you wait? Oh God bless. This word is so beautiful. I stop at that. I go home and then like I don't know if seven or eight slide open up again waiting on the Lord. How do we wait? Amen. Amen. Because when our faith stop when his time continues that's when the devil comes. So now how do you wait to counteract the devil? Yes sir. You pray for me. Amen. I am now preaching tonight. Brother Charles Hamilton third is preaching tonight. Amen. I told him he's home. We love him. Preach like home. So we pull like home and let's get what the Holy Spirit want us to get tonight. Amen. Let's go with forever. Only [Music] believe. Believe. [Music] Yes. Believe. [Music] All [Music] face. Thank you. All [Music] we all [Music] believe. All we believe. [Music] All things are possible only. And I believe I believe all things are possible. Lord, I [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Glory. [Music] Amen. God bless you, saints. God bless you. Thank you, musicians. You know, I was um I was back there and the music was so good. I wanted to come up. I wanted to come up a little earlier. You know, you you praise like that, you going to get what you want. you know, you know, the the Lord says that uh he inhabits the praises of the saints. Amen. Amen. And um you know, I was um the uh I was listening to a message today and uh this for brother Zach. Um that's such a testimony, brother. That was a what a testimony. You know, I was uh listening to a message after brother Zach gave his first testimony about, you know, how um the man came up to him at the gas station and brother Bridam had a similar incident. You know, it wasn't at the gas station, but he was preaching and the big man came up to him came up to him threatening to kill him, you know, and you know, he's had compassion on him. He felt love for him, you know. And then brother, uh Zach gives this testimony about the car, you know, and something hit my heart. And I said, 'Well, I said, 'You know, um, that's two two times, you know, the Luh Satan tried to sift them, you know, but the Lord said, I prayed for you. Amen. Amen. And, and you know, also, you know, uh, uh, with the, you know, our lives are supposed to reflect the message. Amen. And no matter how the Lord chooses to make reflect the message, it's going to reflect the message either way. Amen. And u you know also hit my heart when I was back there you know um when the the the Sadra, Meshach and Abednego and the fire you know the fire wouldn't burn him you know the car would have blew up you know and the Lord didn't didn't allow that you know you know uh what did David say you know uh it was the the bear uh what was it the bear and the lion you know two things you know proverb says tie these things around your thumb you know so that was our memorials for brother Zach you know and I'm pretty sure we all have our own memorials amen Amen. Amen. And we supposed to hold on to those. Amen. And I want to uh I want to thank brother Stephen, you know, for allowing me to come here and um you know the allow me to preach the Lord's bride. You know, um also want to say u you know um I know the Lord's going to he's going to talk to his people today. You know, you guys came throughout the m middle of a busy week. You know, you didn't come here to hear from a man. We came to hear from God. Amen. Amen. So um before we start, you know, I'd like to uh pray first before we read our opening scripture. Amen. So let's bow our hearts. Father God, we come unto you humbly, Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ, Father God, for you said in your word, Lord God, whatsoever we ask in your name that we will do, Lord. Father God, we come to you with conf confidence, Lord God, and with joy and thanksgiving, Father God. Lord God, we pray, Father God, that you speak to your people, Father God, Jesus Christ. Father God, get this man of God out the way, Lord God, that you may speak through me, Father God, and to feed your flock, Lord God, Jesus Christ. Father God, we're waiting to hear from you, Lord God. Waiting to hear it, Father God, from on high, Lord God. Father God, may you give them what they need, what they desire, Lord God. Maybe correction, Father God, may be, Lord God, uplifting, Father God, whatever it may be, Lord God. Father God, these notes are just a guide, Lord God. They're not, Father God, supposed to go on the whole sermon, Father God. Lord God, may you may lead this lead in the spirit, Lord God, Jesus Christ. And father God, I pray all these things, Lord God, in Jesus Christ's name, Lord. Amen. Amen. Um, so for our opening of scripture, I wanted to read uh Hebrews 6:13-18. Amen. You know, it's a um it's an awesome thing. You know, every time, you know, it's time for me to preach, you know, no matter no matter how, you know, uh tight I am on time or no matter, you know, however, you know, the Lord always provides a message. Amen. and he provides in his own ways, you know. Um, I was just reading and I hit my heart, you know, the Lord's in Hebrews for some reason. Every service the Lord's hitting on Hebrews, you know. So, I was tired of reading and some hit my heart, you know, and I want to share with you guys, you know, um, so we'll start reading. It's uh, chapter Hebrews 6 verse 13. It reads, "For when God made promise to Abraham, that's right. Because he could swear by no greater, he swore by himself." Amen. saying, "Surely blessing I will bless thee, and multiplying I will multiply thee." Amen. And so after he after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise. Amen. For men verilely swear by the greater, and an oath for confirmation is to them an end of all strife. That's right. Amen. Wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise. Amen. To us, he's willing. Amen. willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise the immutability of his counsel confirmed it by an oath that by two immutable things in which it was impossible for God to lie that we might have no strong consolation we might have a strong consolation we might have a strong cons oh I'm sorry I skipped it sorry that by two mut mutable things um in which it is impossible for God to lie we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge who have fled for refuge to lay hold on the hope set before us. Amen. So that that's our reading. Amen. And I want to um you may be seated. Seated now. Amen. I wanted to start out with uh just you know going over you know my title is uh God's immutable oath. Amen. And um I want to just you know break down the words you know to see where the title derived from you know. Um so you know an oath is a sworn covenant. Amen. And immutable means that it's a we know that immutable is uh let me I don't want to say it wrong. I have the definition here. It says that um I'm sorry just a second. So immutable is you know the the attribute of unchangeableness. Amen. You know um it won't change. Amen. Uh it stays the same. That's right. Amen. And um also you know also said that this is it is a very important trait for deity. Amen. And you know uh deity you know is is an expectancy that it will always be the same. Amen. It reveals itself in the same ways. Amen. It acts the same. Amen. And um also uh Lord put this on my heart to share with you guys also you know um that the Lord will not put more on you than you can bear. Amen. That um that you know it says in his word you know that um uh you know he won't put more on us than you can bear. Amen. So whenever you're going through something you know whatever it is whatever it may be you know uh whatever going throughout your day you know um uh flat tire makes it worse or whatever you know just know that you know it happened for a reason. Amen. Amen. We you never know. We never know why. Amen. But brother Zach's car didn't start, you know, for a reason. Amen. And and it allowed the Lord had to show him why. Amen. Amen. That's, you know, his nos are better than his yeses. Amen. Amen. Uh you know, so I just wanted to take that, you know, um because you know that we see in the word here that the Lord, you know, swore to Abraham by himself. Amen. And we know that it wasn't by Abraham's own merits that he swore to him. Amen. It's by predestination. Amen. It was just because Abraham was Abraham Abraham was the seed that he chose to work through. Amen. Amen. And you know, it's just the one of the greatest revelations that the Lord showed me was predestination. Amen. It's it's so intricate. You just can't wrap your head around it. You know, just because of his grace. That's it. That's all you can really say, you know. Um you know, it's brother Benham said that the greatest the the Oh, thank you. You hear me? Amen. Uh, brother Benham said that that uh that the natural birth was more mysterious than the spiritual birth. Amen. And why why why is that? You know, it's because it's because that out of all those thousands and millions of sperm cells, for some reason, the Lord chose you to hit this earth. Amen. And for some reason, you know, you know, you came to this world and and you were exposed to so many different things as you were, you know, being raised up. And and somehow for some reason, you know, you just were uh whole all through your life, the Lord was pulling you. Amen. He was tugging on your heart. He was tugging to this message. Amen. And and no matter what your background was, if it was any religion, whatever it was, Amen. You're here now. Amen. And and it was uh he he brought you through, you know, all those religions. And then for some reason, you uh you you chose to stick with the message and you chose, you know, this specific church and you chose to live in this specific area. Amen. and you chose to be here tonight. Amen. There's no no such thing as happen stance. Amen. It all happens for a reason. Amen. So that's just give that as a confirmation for yourself. You know, never let the Lord never let Satan just, you know, um try to beat you down. I'm here for a reason. You know, Satan's going to attack you, but you know, uh the Lord says that he's our shield. Amen. And and you know, we have the hel helmet of salvation. Amen. So just know that you know uh you know Satan's going to try to attack you with those mind battles. Amen. And and you know brother Brennham gives a parable you know he says that uh when the crows try to roost you know the crows of doubt you know try to affect your faith. Amen. And I found out you know uh recently a little while back that you know a a group of crows is called a murder. Amen. So you know you don't want them to murder your faith. Amen. So and and brother Brandham said you know when those crows come to shoot them with a shotgun. Amen. Um, you know, you have the shotgun of this word. Amen. And it's it spreads. It spreads over our whole life. Amen. It it covers every area of your life. It goes into your your your your prayer chamber. It goes into, you know, your job. It it goes into your personal life. It goes everywhere. Amen. So, no matter what, just know that there's a word somewhere, you know, to there's a word somewhere to calm you. Amen. There's a word somewhere. Amen. So, I want to continue on. Um, so the Lord brought it to me. Um, I want to break it down uh verse by verse. Amen. Um, you know, that's how the Lord brought it to me and I like to give it to you guys that same way. Amen. So, um, I want I like to read a quote. Uh, brother Brandham says in Revelations chapter 4, number two in 1961, this is talking about an oath. Amen. Uh, brother Brandham says, "A covenant," and we know that a oath is a sworn covenant. Amen. And a covenant is similar to a promise as well. You know, you see God is perfected in threes. Amen. You have his oath, covenant, and promise. Amen. Amen. We know his word, his word of promise. Amen. So, it all comes together. It's all the same thing. Amen. Uh, a covenant, it says, I'm sorry. It says, Brother Benham says, a covenant is always made by an oath. That's right. Amen. Always. Amen. So, there's nobody. And he pauses. He says, you take an oath by somebody greater than you. Amen. Amen. And why is that? Brother Benham says, you take an oath by your mother. You take an oath by your nation. You take an oath by something. You take an oath by God. But you can't take an oath unless it's somebody greater than you. Amen. There was nobody greater than God. Amen. So he took an oath by him oath himself by himself. Amen. So he did the work for us. Amen. He took an oath by himself. He says of himself by himself. Amen. Amen. And there's no one greater than God. Amen. So it's a consolation that we can have. Amen. That no matter what, you know, because God said, you know, that's why, you know, uh he said so. Amen. Amen. So there's no no u you know your your foundation is is solid is it's firm. Amen. Amen. Uh uh you know brother why are you why are you so happy all the time? Why are you always you know doing things that you do? Because God said so. Amen. Amen. Amen. And um so we'll continue. Uh brother Brenham says you know uh he swore by himself in 1954. Um he says referring to it that our foundation is solid. Amen. Not some mythical builtup something on some pagan superstition. But it thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. Uh I want to stop here. You know, uh we have, you know, the the Masons, we have the all these other religions, and they say they have the secrets of life. Amen. But we know we have the secret of life. Amen. We have the life. Amen. We have the we have the the the the uh what did uh what did the Lord say to the uh woman? He was at the well. She has the uh the everflowing um fountain. Amen. That will never go dry. Amen. That's what we have. Amen. So So never never uh when you go Leave the YouTube. Leave that stuff alone. Amen. Leave that uh inspirational stuff. Leave Leave it alone. Amen. We have this word. This word is all that you need. Amen. Amen. You can find you can find the most minute of things you wouldn't have thought of in this word. You know, it's a it's it's you know it it continues to open itself more and more. Amen. Amen. So, uh not to continue uh brother Benham says not some mythical built up something on some pagan superstition, but it's thus sayith the Lord by an oath. Amen. He says, "God take an oath by himself. Oh my, how firm a foundation." These saints of the Lord. Yes. When demons come, when powers come, when sickness comes, when death itself stays you in the faith, it just loses its place. Amen. It melts away like the snow in the sunshine. Amen. When we throw it in the light of the gospel there. Amen. And um also uh another uh instance in the scriptures hit me, you know, when um uh Rahab when uh she took in the two spies. Amen. And also another thing was she she initiated that. Amen. The the spies didn't come to her. Amen. She heard of their God and she knew they were there. We wouldn't know how she knew they were there. The Lord showed her they were there. Amen. It was by revelation. Amen. And she took them in and she hid them with the under the flax. Amen. And she made them give a oath. Amen. And and she initiated that oath. Amen. She she did that, you know. She said, "You give me an oath." Amen. And and it was a token. Amen. And that token was red. Amen. And we know it was the scarlet thread. Amen. And we know that when the Lord sees, you know, the red of our sins and he sees the uh the blood, the blood of Jesus Christ, he sees white. He sees purity. Amen. And um so she initiated that oath. Amen. And that's in uh Joshua 12. I want to go to Joshua 2 um 12. Go to Joshua 2:12. Yes, sir. Get there. Say amen. Amen. Amen. So this is Joshua 2:12. Yes, sir. It reads, "Now therefore, I pray you swear unto me by the Lord." Amen. So she knows. So she she knows how oath works. Amen. She knows that, you know, I'm not trusting in you. It's not you I'm trusting and trusting in the Lord because that's your God. Amen. She says she says she says uh now therefore I pray you swear unto me by the Lord. Amen. Not by not by man. Amen. We we don't we we don't we don't trust in man. Amen. We trust in the Lord. Amen. Who says since I have showed you kindness. Amen. that she initiated. Amen. That ye also show kindness unto my father's house. Amen. And give unto me a true token. Amen. A a true token. And uh she continues in 13. It says, "And that ye will save alive my father and my mother and my brethren and my sisters and all that they have and deliver our lives from death." So you see this oath went beyond just herself. Amen. Th this oath went beyond her and all that's in her house. Amen. this oath went to her her her her her father her you know um whoever was in that house with her. Amen. So so when you're praying unto the Lord, Amen. that oath that you make and that oath that the Lord that the Lord made, Amen. it goes into your whole family. Amen. Amen. So so so we have a right to claim our family. Amen. Amen. And and and and can nothing tell you different because it's in the word right here. Amen. It means that his word is immutable. Amen. It never changes. Amen. He's bound by his word. Amen. Amen. Um so I I would like to uh um continue. Let's go drop down to uh 17. Amen. See, so so after she made her petition, Amen. So after she made her petition in prayer, what what what was their response? Amen. So 17, it says, "And the men said unto her, we will be blameless of this thine oath." Amen. Because because the Lord is blameless because his reputation lies on his word. Amen. Amen. So, so, so whenever there's an oath that that you hold, you go catch him by. Amen. He is duty bound to to answer it. Amen. Amen. So, we'll continue. It says in verse 17, the the men said unto her, we will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear. Amen. Behold, see, listen. Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window. Amen. which thou didest let let us down by and thou shalt bring thy father and thy mother and thy brethren, and all thy father's household home unto thee. And it shall I'm sorry. And it Yes. And it shall be that whosoever shall go out of the doors of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head. Amen. So, you see, as long as you're under the protection of the oath, Amen. Nothing can touch you. Amen. See, you have to leave the oath. Amen. You have to you have to leave for Satan to even get to you. Amen. Amen. So so that's why we have such a strong consolation. Amen. Amen. U so we we'll continue. And you know um and something else hit me you know when I I said you know she was speaking to these two his brother Benam called them called them preachers. Amen. Amen. He said that those two spies were preachers. Amen. And something hit me. I said you know when you come into the house of the Lord you know the the the modern day New Testament prophet is the preacher. Amen. So, and we know the preacher is God's mouthpiece. Amen. So, whatever God is saying through that man, you hold on to that oath. Amen. Oh, man. So, that's why that's why when you when you give praise to the Lord, you know, uh I have a um my father taught me, you know, say you say uh I uh I claim it, Lord. That's what you know that that's what I say, you know, to let the Lord know that I hear him. Let the Lord know that I'm holding him by his oath. I'm holding him by his word. Amen. For because his word is his oath. Amen. Amen. So, so in uh as I was with Moses, so will I be with thee. In 1960, uh brother Brandham says, "And the spies, the preachers, Amen, said he's coming this way, and we're going to take the land." Now, if you get them saved and get them in the house, hallelujah, if you believe it, go get them and get them in here for will not be responsible if they're in the streets. Amen. See, the Lord's not responsible for anything that's outside of his word. Amen. Amen. So, so as long as you put everything under that word, Amen. You can put your car under the word because because the Lord says you be bless you. The Lord says you be blessed and you're coming and you're going. You know, see that's you in traffic. Amen. The the Lord covers everything. Amen. Amen. See see um um see and he says and me in my house. Amen. So even your house. You put your house under the road. Amen. Amen. See uh the uh he continues. He says he says uh but if you'll just get them in the house will be responsible. Amen. He says hallelujah. where that little red cord was hanging down the window. Amen. He will be responsible if you put them in the house. Amen. And brother Benham continues in uh 1953, I perceive that thou art a prophet. Amen. Uh he says uh it's the most wonder wonderful gift in the world to be a minister which was a New Testament modern-day prophet, a preacher. Amen. And another thing hit me, you know, you have to see this word, you know, everywhere in your life. Amen. So, you know, uh I work, you know, uh part-time in the Dollar General, you know, um when I come home and um you know, it was hit me and I was stocking shelves one day and it hit me. I said, "Wow." I said, "You know, when you go into a supermarket, are you ever expecting not to get what you want?" You know, you know, when when you when you when you when you walk in those doors, are you ever have you cuz you have the purchase power, you have the faith. Amen. You you have the money in your hand. Amen. Are you ever expecting not to get what you have the money for? Amen. No, you're you're not. Amen. So, so you know, um, what hit me was, you know, you know, so I said, you know, every time you enter those doors in church, you have to come with an expectation. Amen. Amen. Because if you have the faith, if you have the the purchasing power, Amen. then you're going to get what you desire. Amen. And then if you if you praise him as you ought, you know, if if you consecrate yourself as you ought to, you already know that he's bound by his word because I'm coming I'm coming guiltless. I'm I'm cuz it's not but my marriage anyway. Amen. I'm I'm because your your word even says, you know, as you see the day approaching, you know, uh come, you know, uh uh gather yourself more into the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. And I'm just listening to what he said. So I'm supposed to get what I need, right? Amen. So, you know, so what what hit me was, you know, when you enter a supermarket, you have the purchase power, but you know, the shelves, you know, some stores the shelves are empty, but when you come to the Lord, he gives liberally. He gives abundantly. Amen. His shelves are never empty. Amen. Amen. So, you you know, you know, so whatever you need, you just ask in faith, you know, knowing that, you know, he's duty bound to give it unto you. Amen. And and if he says no, there's a better thing coming. Amen. Amen. And you know, you know, um, so so what what hit me when when I was stocking the shelves, you know, it was it was, you know, it's the the preachers's job, you know, the pastor's job, whoever it is, he stocks the shelves. Amen. Amen. And and how does And how does he do that? Amen. He goes into the back. He goes into the back where where where no one can see and he he gets the goods out and he stocks the shelves. Amen. See, it's not it's not your job to know uh to ask where'd you get it from? You know uh um um you know what is it? Amen. We know just go grab what you want and take it and keep moving. Amen. It's all you have to do. Amen. Amen. See, and you know because a preacher is a servant to the bride. Amen. It's it's their job to labor in prayer. It's their job to lay her in the word. Amen. To provide the bride with what she with with her nutrients. Amen. Because the word says the bride has made herself ready. Amen. And how does she make herself ready? With the word. Because she she she shot herself with with with the word of the gospel. Amen. Amen. So so so there that hit me. It hit me strong. I said, you know, uh the Lord, you know, you must want me to share this with your people. Amen. And you know, um and brother Brennham continues. He says on the day of Cal, that day on Calvary in 1960, he says that's why the preacher preaches. That's why he studies and meditates in the scripture. He seeks for inspiration. It's because he's a public servant to God's people. Amen. And he is trying to find something that will. And he pauses. He says that God will have to say to his people. Amen. And then so so he so it's not it's not a oh Lord, you know, um it's time for me to preach, you know, just put something together. No, no. Because because what did the Lord say Sunday? You know, uh don't settle for u meteor meteor meteorocity. Amen. We don't settle for that. You know, uh you know, um you know, uh type it with with spiritual spiritual food. Amen. Sister Lor, she cooks, you know, her her food is real good. Amen. Amen. It's not, you know, it's not basic food. Amen. It's food you get in a five-star Michelin restaurant. Amen. It's real good food. Amen. So, so, so, so the preachers, they have to consecrate themselves to cook up a good meal for the bride. Amen. Amen. So, so we continue and the Lord says uh the Lord says through his prophet, he says that something would help them. Maybe may be condemn them in their sins. Amen. Because you know sometime healthy food will get your stomach rumbling. Amen. And and it says it says uh maybe condemn them in their sins, but it will it will help to raise them up that they may they might forsake their sins. Amen. And raise up to serve the Lord and minister and should seek these things because the Lord says that you know uh he he he chasens his children. Amen. And and you know those who take the chastisement, that's how you know you know you're a true child of God. Amen. So so just know that you know if you're going through a little of brother Ben call the child trainings. Amen. And you know, we were sitting down talking, you know, um you know, you know, the Lord says when you think on the Lord, talk on the Lord, he comes down. Amen. So, I was talking with my family, you know, and just hit it just came the Lord came down and they were talking about how, you know, when you're u my mother made a comment, you know, the the the elders, they'll say, you know, um you want you only remember the good things of your children when they get older. Amen. And if you look in the word in the New Testament, you know, uh Abraham, you know, he made mistakes. Amen. When he was young, he was being child trained. He made mistakes. Amen. But when he grew up in the faith, Amen. You know, in the New Testament, when it's recorded, Amen. It says nothing by his mistakes. Amen. See, as the Lord brings us up, Amen. See, our mistakes mean nothing. Amen. Because because, you know, um um it's it's like the Lord sees his child grow. He's wired them with the word. Amen. And and as they grow up, Amen, they become stronger and stronger to where, you know, when they were on a level two, now they're on a level 10, so they don't make level two mistakes no more. Amen. Amen. And and Satan can't attack them with level two mistakes because they're beyond that. Amen. So, you know, you know, um if that if that makes sense, you know, that that the Lord just hit hit that, you know, that channel when we're speaking. Amen. And um so I like to continue, you know, um uh you know, God uses his preachers as five-fold ministry. Amen. In Ephesians 4 11 and 11 and 12, you know, he says, "Give some apostles, you know, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers, you know, for the perfecting of the saints." Amen. For the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. Amen. So the the ministry's job is to build you up. It's to edify you. Amen. Amen. So, so you'll never leave these doors, you know, under a a a god-filled, you know, ministry, you know, uh uh less than. Amen. You'll always you'll always leave, you know, with nutrients, with muscles. Your your faith is going to be, you know, exercise more and more. Amen. Amen. So, um you know, um you know, whenever you hear God speaking to you, you claim his word. Amen. For his word is a promise to you. Amen. It's his oath. Amen. And he cannot deny his oaths. Amen. Because see, the word of the hour, Amen, is the Bible made rule for you today. Amen. See, because because we read we read some people read their Bibles like a history book. Amen. And yes, it is the history of, you know, of of of the Bible of it's it is a history book. Amen. But it's more than that. Amen. Because it says it's written for our admonition and our learning. Amen. It's a shadow of things to come. Amen. Because you see when when you read your word, Amen. You know, that's why we thank God for a prophet because a prophet's job is to bring that word into your day. Amen. His his job is to make it real. It's to open the eye the veil of your eyes, you know, because he says that, you know, if you have uh every time he speaks to the church, you know, he says if you have ears to hear. Amen. And um you know, our promise was, you know, to overcome. Amen. And we see that everything we read in this word, amen, in our eyes, we see it as an overcoming scripture. Amen. See, because we can use these scriptures in battle against Satan. Amen. And to overcome Satan, Amen. to whip him. Amen. Because because he'll he'll come to you with the word. Amen. But because we have the prophet, we have the word of our day that's made real unto us. Amen. We can apply it, you know, correctly. Amen. Because it's no longer a mystery unto us. Amen. because it says that the seventh angel he'll he'll uh uh uh um um the mystery will be made made known. Amen. Amen. And um so continuing you know um continue continue on brother Brandham continues uh in 1960 and as I was as I was with Moses um so will I be with thee. Amen. This is long the strain of you know of Rahab when you know she she claimed her family as well. She claimed more than just herself. Amen. Brother Brennham says why thou and thy house? Certainly the house shall be saved with thee. Why? If you've got faith enough to have yourself saved. Amen. You can have faith enough uh your family to be saved as well. Amen. Amen. And we know that the Lord, you know, he types the faith with the mustard seed. Amen. And we know that what was so special about the mustard seed that, you know, God's prophet showed to us was that that that seed that, you know, it it can't be um mixed with anything else. Amen. It's it's a pure seed. Amen. So, it's a pure faith. Amen. And and as we see the Lord building us building us up, Amen. He's building us up into a perfect faith. Amen. To where we we can't be, you know, uh um um shaken by wishy-washy shaken, you know, a man tossed about in the waves. Amen. Uh can't, you know, stuck between two opinions. Amen. Uh we're straight and narrow. Amen. We know what we want. We know what the word says and we ask for it. Amen. That's exactly what we do. Amen. Amen. And it's it's it's it's like the um how brother Steven always says it's the bull's eye. Amen. Amen. And um you know uh brother Brim continues in 1963 in token. He says uh claim it. If it worked on you then you and the word becomes one. Amen. See it works for both of you. Amen. Because he's talking about your family. Amen. So because because you see the the the Lord's promises, Amen. They're not made to be stagnant. Amen. See, because it even it's even in it's all throughout the scriptures, you know, it's a beautiful thing. And when you look at the talents, Amen. He gave us talents. He gave you a promise. He gave you the purchasing power. Amen. He gave you faith because that's what the Lord typed with through the prophet faith, money, purchasing power. Amen. So, he gave you the faith. He gave you the money. Amen. But he wants you to to to to increase it. Amen. Don't don't don't hide your faith. Amen. Don't don't let your faith just stay dormant. Amen. Let your faith grow. Amen. Continue to feed it. Amen. continue to water it. Amen. Amen. Don't don't don't hide it under a bushel. Amen. Let the light shine. Amen. Amen. Let let let your atmosphere affect others. Amen. Because that's cuz what is a Christian's job? You know, a a prophet told us that, you know, a um the duty of a Christian, a Christian's life is living for others. Amen. So, we live through others through the life. Amen. And and you know, we should be the most, you know, wonderful, happiest, most blessed people in this world because we know real life. Amen. Like like like we really know like what it is. Amen. To be alive. Amen. Like like like we have, you know, the the all these people, you know, the spirit of the age, you know, all these ads and stuff saying, you know, uh be alive. Amen. You know, uh uh live your best life. Amen. Well, we're living our best life. Amen. Amen. Cuz because like it's just and it's not even we didn't even ask for it. That's the that's the most wonderful thing anyway. Amen. Cuz it's by his grace that we're saved. Amen. Amen. And and you know when you take the Lord by his oath. Amen. You know, uh we're the only Bible that people may ever read. Amen. So we need to show them what it looks like when when someone takes the Lord by his oath. Amen. Amen. So So Amen. So I I have a roommate. Amen. And the Lord blessed me. He's a really good man, you know. Um we're really similar in many things, you know. And um you know, the Lord's working on him. I I can see it. Amen. and and you know he uh he asked me to pray for him one time you know he said he Charles uh he said uh he was joking around but he said you know uh he had a headache amen and he didn't he wanted to leave cuz he didn't want my parent my uh family to get sick you know um and he said um he said you know do what you do best and pray for me Charles I said wow I said you've been paying attention you know like you know it just it I was like wow okay I didn't expect that you know so and I was sitting in my bed at the time and he was about to leave and I was like man should I pray for him now or should I let him walk out the door? You know, cuz like the the moment just hit me strong. I was like, "Wow, he said that." You know, I was expect I was we were just he was we were just talking. He said out of nowhere. I said, "Okay." And something hit me. You know, the brother Benham says, you know, work on the spur of the moments. Amen. When when something hit your heart. Amen. So, he was about to walk out the door. I said, "Wait, wait, wait. Don't don't leave yet." you know, I I I came up to him and I and I grabbed him and I prayed and and you know, it was just showing, you know, and and I made sure to use, you know, uh all the scriptures that we've been learning in church and you know, you know, just you know, making sure, you know, that that you know, and I even asked the Lord to show them Calvary. Amen. Cuz you know, that's how you get somebody. Amen. The the mysteries is not what you want to get them by. You get them by Calvary. Amen. You show them Calvary. Amen. Because they got they got Everybody has to go through that uh that tabernacle. Amen. You can't you can't push them in the holiest of holies or or the holy place. You know, it's too much for him. You know, a b a baby can't eat meat. Amen. You can't you can't do that. Amen. Amen. So, so you know, I was um I prayed for him and then he went home. And when he went home, you know, tell me why he came back the same day saying he felt better. You know, I praised the Lord. I was like, Lord, I was like, Lord, you know, I was like, wow. You know, you know, I was like, you know, the the Lord's working. Amen. You know, uh uh he answered my prayer. Amen. I was like, wow. It it felt good. you know, you know, and I, you know, I just believe that's a relatable thing, you know. I'm just so good, you know. And then um there was another time you were talking, you know, and he was like, you know, I never seen you sad. You were just happy all the time, you know. You know, I said I said I said because the joy of the Lord is my strength. Amen. So that's why. Amen. You know, because because you know the, you know, when you're just taking the Lord by his oath. Amen. You know, I was listening to a brother one time. He said when you have when you um um when you have a relationship with God, you know, you get a greater revelation. And it's like a cycle. Amen. You know, when you have more revelation, you have a better relationship. And you get more revelation when your relationship gets better. So it continues to go on. Amen. So I'm always happy because that's what I'm getting every day. Amen. Amen. So So every day I'm seeing something new. Every time I walk outside, every time you got to see the Lord in everything, you know, you can't just, you know, the Lord is more than just the book, you know, because because this book right here, they can burn the Bible, but we know the maker. Amen. We know the author. Amen. Amen. So, like like Job, you know, uh Job, you know, uh he was the well, he was u the oldest story in the Bible. Amen. So, you know, that means he probably didn't have the Bible to read. So, how did he have such a revelation with God? Amen. how he didn't have a Bible to read. Amen. He knew the maker. Amen. And through knowing the maker, he even spoke to him. Amen. Through prayer. Amen. So, so we can be as as well versed as he want in the scriptures. Amen. But that's not what makes him answer you. Amen. That like like yes, that is part of it, but that's not the essence of why he's he's answering your prayers. Amen. He's answering your prayers because he hears himself speaking to him. Amen. Because because you know you you can never ignore yourself because when you you know um people you know people uh well my first question when I came into the message was what did God mean when he said let us? Amen. Because I thought it was just him. You know my first question ever when I came into the message. Amen. Because you know God speaks to us. We're reflections of him. Amen. So you speak to yourself don't you? Like you speak to the deity within yourself. Amen. So so when that just was a revelation unto me. Amen. Amen. Um, that was free. Amen. Um, so I want to uh continue. I want to read uh go back to our reading of Hebrews 6. Glory to God. And get there, say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So let's read uh verse 14. Now he says saying surely blessing I will bless thee and multiplying I'll multiply thee. Amen. So what is this saying? Amen. So I'm going to bless us and multiply. Amen. So I get my blessing and I get multiplication on top of that blessing. So it's not just one blessing. It's not just he he he promised to multiply on the blessing. Amen. So, so whatever you get, you have to be a good steward of what you get because because if you if you show them that you can cuz what what was that that that story that the Lord gave of the man who made cheese of um of how you know um uh with he he was good with a little bit and the Lord continued to give give to him and the more he gave unto him the more he gave. So he was making about what six million cheese a day. Amen. But he was a wealthy man because the Lord the Lord blessed him and multiplied him. Amen. Because he was a good steward over what the Lord gave him. Amen. So, so don't expect a blessing if you're not taking care of what the Lord gives you. Amen. Not take care of it. Amen. Amen. Um so so um he says surely blessing I will bless thee, multiplying I multiply thee. Amen. And um and we know that the Lord had had Abraham look to the to the stars and you know uh that's that so that so would be your seed and Amen. and everything will be blessed. The earth will be blessed because of your seed. Amen. So this earth is blessed and is being multiplied because of us. Amen. Because we're the seed of Abraham. Amen. And you know how they say the scripture says not not uh not all Jew is Jew in the flesh. Amen. The true Jew is a Jew in the spirit. Amen. See cuz we we are the true seed of Abraham. Amen. And the and when we go our work place is blessed because of us. Amen. Our our schools are blessed because of us. Amen. Everything is blessed because we're in their presence. If you ever notice, if you ever leave a place or leave a job, amen, that uh and they end up, you know, not doing so well after you leave. Amen. Why is that? Because you were there. Amen. Amen. Um um so uh to continue uh continue uh Lord says he swore by himself in 1954. He says um and so after that he had give Abraham his promise and promised he would bless and multiply him and withever whatever he would have done. Now look, God also after this took an oath to it, swore that he would do it. Amen. And and I'm I'm jumping ahead, but the Lord really wants me really wants me to say this. I'm jumping ahead. But in um verse 18, um it says that by two immutable things in which it was impossible for God to lie, that we might have a strong consolation who have fled for refuge to lay upon the hope set before us. Amen. And if you're reading, remember the Lord just told us Sunday that there's no such thing as a contradiction. Amen. If you're reading this, the carnal mind is saying, "Where's the second thing at?" Cuz you read it, it looks like it's saying one thing. It says, "By two mutable things." So, I'm looking for two things. Amen. It says, "In which it was impossible for God to lie and then it just goes on. Where's the second thing at?" Amen. And we need a prophet for that. Amen. So, what does brother Brandham say about this? Amen. Amen. Amen. So, Well, I'm jumping ahead, so I got to find it in my notes. Give me a second. Give me a second. Um, glory to God. Yes, my brother. Amen. So, cuz he says two things. Amen. He doesn't say one thing. So, that means it has to be in there. Amen. And it's, remember, Brother Brim had that vision of the mountain cut in the white and the white. Amen. The white is what's in between the lines. Amen. So what did the Lord show his prophet when his prophet went high went high into the heavenly heavenlies? What did he show him? What the scriptur is really saying? Amen. So in 1954 he's for by himself. Amen. Uh he says it's two of them. First it's impossible for God to lie. Then he says now the next thing is that God himself that can't lie. Amen. To make it perfect double. He swore by it that he will confirm the oath. Amen. Amen. And I just say amen to that. Amen. Amen. I may not understand it fully now, but that's what he said. Amen. So, I take out take him at his word. Amen. And that's what you do because if you do that later on, he's going to reveal unto you the full revelation of it. Amen. He's cuz you get the revelation from the prophet, but then there's a revelation there's a there's a supernatural revelation despite the first revelation that you get. Amen. There there's more in it. Amen. Because because you know uh uh uh uh I had uh my brother sent me a message you know of how um brother Brandon was saying how one scripture you can read it you know and you can take a million service services out of one scripture. Amen. Because it's eternal. Amen. It's it's it's more than just face value. It's more than just the first revelation you get. It's more than that. Amen. uh uh many preachers can take one scripture and preach five different sermons in different different areas of the life and all and they're all still we can find it in within other places in the scripture. Amen. Amen. And so um so there there's two things you know that um that uh he cannot lie. Amen. That he swore by himself that he can't lie. So and isn't that a wonderful thing because his word is immutable and if it's immutable that means it doesn't change. So so in essence he didn't have to make an oath because it's not going to change. He's eternal anyway. Amen. But he gave you a double blessing on top of that. He gave you a double assurance. Amen. What did he give the give to Job? He blessed Job doubly. Amen. Because because he he made his word immutable. So it's already eternal. Meaning he knows the end from the beginning. Amen. And then he made an oath on top of that. Amen. So it's like it's like there's layers to it. It's it's it's a combo. Amen. It's it's more through it. Amen. Amen. Amen. And and so um and then uh to continue um within the same verse uh he says he says we might have a strong consolation. Amen. Who who have fled for refuge to lay hold upon the hope set before us. Amen. So what hit me when I read this is you know um there are cities of refuge. Amen. And there's and if you realize it's for those who sinned in ignorance. Amen. And remember, we went over that a couple services ago. Amen. Those cities of refuge are for those who sin in ignorance. Amen. And and there are six of them. Amen. And what does six mean? Six represents man. Amen. And if and if if if you notice uh uh I have it in here somewhere. Um but I'm going just say it. Amen. Uh brother Benham, he says that you know whenever a man makes a covenant with God, he always breaks it. So it's up to God to keep the covenant. Amen. Because remember there was an instance that brother Brandham said that you know my religion uh I didn't keep my my religion my religion kept me. Amen. Amen. So you know the god keeps us. Amen. And and and you know when you go to those cities of refuge you know that's him keeping us. Amen. And the only way that you can the slayer can get to you is if you leave the city of refuge. Amen. And there's two ways there's two ways that the slayer can get to you in a city of refuge. Amen. The first way is if you leave the city. Amen. And and and we know that, you know, the scriptures say that um he who we once say has the Holy Ghost. Amen. You know, he's sealed in. He can't leave even if he wanted to. Amen. So by that we're all in anyway. We can't leave after that anyway. And then even if you try to leave, you have to pull to pull you back in. Amen. So So before you get to the door, the Lord's going to pull you back. Amen. Amen. So before you open the door to Satan, you're going to be pulled back. Amen. And and then and then um there's another way is if that high priest dies. Amen. And we have an eternal high priest. Amen. So so so Satan can never get to us. Amen. Amen. And um and and so so and those city of refugees that hit me real hard. I said, "Wow." I said, "So so the Lord can't lie." And he put an oath that he can't lie. And within within the same scripture, he says, "This is why we have a strong consolation." Amen. You have a strong consolation because the one who was greater than you who made the oath. Amen. He made an oath on top of the word that doesn't change anyway. Amen. Amen. So it's it's it's like it's beautiful. Amen. And then and then um um if you go jump back jump back to um uh 17 where he says you know wherein God this is Hebrews 6:1 17 he says wherein God willing more abundantly to show unto the heirs of promise. Amen. So this is not to anybody. Amen. So, so God, he's willing. Amen. He He has a bubbling in his heart. Amen. He He wants to express himself to his children. Amen. Like, like he's a God who upgradeth not. Amen. He gives liberally. Amen. Amen. Um, let let me get this. Let me get the note I have on this. Amen. Amen. He says he says uh he's a uh he beware God willing more abundantly. Amen. So, let's go to um verse uh 17. Yes sir. So it says so what is mutability? Immutability is the divine attribute of unchangeableness. Amen. This attribute is essential to deity. Amen. So it is essential. Amen. We are deity also. Amen. So we are we are immutable as well. Amen. Because and because what what what happened um last service when the Lord showed us uh uh Peter Amen. And morale he dropped but his faith stayed the same. Our faith is immutable. Amen. Amen. Because it's not our faith to begin with. It's God's faith. Amen. So, and we're sealed in by his faith. So, if he's immutable, our faith is immutable. So, our faith will never change. Amen. Amen. If anything, you're just going to grow more and more every day. If anything, that's the only way it can change. Amen. Because uh uh uh in in science class, amen, with we learned with energy. Amen. Uh you can't you can't take away energy. Amen. Energy cannot be taken away. But for some reason, energy can be added on to. Amen. So, you can always add on to energy, but you can't take away energy. Amen. And and and I I have a quote, but I I don't have it here, but I have a quote, but brother Brandham said that, you know, uh God is energy. Amen. Amen. And so um so so so in in in um in [Applause] um in in Hebrews chapter 6 and 7 in 1957 uh uh the prophet says he says now we've already found that God became flesh. Amen. Uh dwelt among us. Amen. And how that he manifested himself towards the world. When he found the woman in adultery, talking about the woman at the well, he said, "I don't condemn you. Go sin no more." When he found the sick, he acted just the way he would have uh he would have to act for he was God. He had he and he had healed the sick. He raised the dead. He forgave the sins. A and I want to add this also. Um the Lord hit me with another another revelation when I was reading this. Amen. Um, you know how we we um we went over a while back that you know uh that the compassion of the Lord is not the compassion of man. Amen. And something that hit me when I look at that word compassion. Amen. It's that if you look in the word, it's the compass. Amen. So the compass of the Lord is what drives him to do the things that he does. Amen. So if we have the compass of the Lord, Amen. Um we may for no some reason not know why we do certain things, but we're just do to us. We're doing it just to do it. Amen. But it's the Lord working in us. Amen. It's him pushing working through us. Amen. To do us to do a certain thing. Amen. So, uh we will continue. And he says uh he raised the dead. He forgave the sins no matter how they was and how many how backsliden. Amen. Amen. He he forgave them anyhow they were willing to come and ask. Amen. See See, he forgives you if you were willing to come and ask. Amen. Because look, you may sin, you may fall, you're going to fall. Amen. Even brother Brandham says, "When you have the Holy Ghost, you're going to sin willingly." Amen. So, you're not you're not um higher than more holy than the person sitting next to you. Amen. Never feel that way. Amen. Amen. Because because uh you're you're a human, too, who is saved. Amen. You're you were you were bought into this world, you know, uh uh uh uh in sin, you know, speaking lies. Amen. Uh you're not perfect within yourself. You're perfect in Christ Jesus. That's how you're perfect. Amen. Amen. And um see so so when you see cuz the Lord says when you come into prayer he doesn't hear the prayer of a sinner. Amen. So that's probably when we pray we ask for forgiveness. Amen. That's why we ask Lord forgive me if I've done anything to being a reproach against this word or reproach against you. Amen. Forgive me Lord. You know my heart. I didn't mean that. Amen. Amen. And what happens? Amen. He he he he applies the bleach to it and it's gone. Amen. Amen. And um we'll continue. He says, "Now notice, if God acted any one time on a certain circumstance, if that same circumstance rise again, he's got to act the second time like he did the first time or he's unjust." Amen. Amen. So that's why we have such a strong consolation. Amen. Because when we look in the word and we see that he did something, amen, we see that he asked, he has to act the same. Amen. The second time, amen. And um that's why you have to grab him by his word. Amen. And brother Brennham continues and uh and he says, "I'm so glad of that, aren't you? That our God is willing." Amen. See, it's a different thing. Amen. If God says, "This is my word." Amen. But it's different if he expresses in his word that he's willing to manifest his word. Amen. Because because if you ever have someone, you know, uh um and if you have a boss at work, Amen. You know, it's in the fine print. It's his job to be willing to help you along. Amen. But you have some bosses that they just, you know, um it's your job. you should know what to do. You know, you stay over there. I stay over here. Amen. And he's your boss. Amen. So, he pays you. He gives you money. Amen. But, you know, he's not he doesn't express his willingness. Amen. Of your benefit. Amen. That's why some of the best jobs you can have, Amen. that are jobs that have a good uh what they call uh um um workplace uh atmosphere or envir environment. Amen. Uh that's why certain jobs are preferred over others even if the pay is a little less because because he treats you right. Amen. Because because he takes care of you. Amen. You have a full benefits package. Amen. Amen. See, uh all of your worries are covered. Amen. If you need dental, whatever it is, it's covered. Amen. Amen. And um and so I'll continue. Uh he says that our God is willing. Look, if he what if he wasn't longsuffering? Amen. He's asking questions. What is the fruit of the spirit? Love, joy, faith, peace, longsuffering. That's a part of God that's in you. Amen. It says he says and kin forbearance forbearing one another's burdens. Amen. So we forbear each other's burdens. Amen. We look we look beyond each other's faults. Amen. And we lift each other up because we're helpers of one another. Amen. Amen. And he says he says and then he's a good God. Amen. Cuz who's good? Only only God is good. Amen. If you want certain things your way, you know God's good enough to do that. Amen. We know he's good for it. Amen. So we have a we have a checkbook that always cashes through. Amen. Amen. He says if you want certain things your way, you know God's good enough to do that. He loves to just make you happy. Amen. Because what husband doesn't like to make his wife happy? Amen. Is we're his bride. Amen. Everything he does is for the bride. Amen. See, because what does what does Ephesians 5 say? Amen. It says he uh uh uh uh uh uh love your wife as Christ loved the church. Amen. Even giving himself for it. Amen. Amen. See, so what did he do on Calvary? He gave himself for his bride. Amen. Because he loved him so much that there's no oath higher than him. He couldn't show how much he loved us more than just his blood. Amen. That's how that's the greatest form of love he could show as God. Amen. Was was dying. Amen. Was taking our our sins, our imperfections on himself. Amen. That's how he expressed his love unto us. Amen. Because brother because the prophet told us that if he comes now today, he can't do nothing more than he can't. I'm sorry. He can't do nothing more than what he did on Calvary. Amen. Because that was the that was the epitome of love right there. Amen. Amen. So he says he wants to he he's love. He is love. Amen. And his great love constrains him. Amen. To even step down sometimes to let you have the things that you want. Amen. And and that's that's the permissive will. Amen. Even even when you're asking, you keep asking, you keep nagging him, you keep asking him. He's like, the unjust judge. Amen. He said, man, you know, I love him so much, you know. You know, I just got just give it to him. Amen. And and and I I He'll take it upon himself. I'll work it out. Amen. Amen. He says that he's going to work it out. Amen. Amen. So So that's why we trust in him. Amen. So even when you know he we're in his permissive will. Amen. that um um uh at the end of the day, he knew it was going to happen anyway because he has a plan. Amen. Amen. Because because because you know God doesn't do anything just to do it. Amen. He's he's going to show you something through that. Amen. He's going to show you. Amen. I gave it to you, but I wasn't supposed to give it to you. But so I'm going to show you what happened. You know what could have happened. You know, if if you just if you just held on a little longer. Amen. You probably saw the blessing could have been a little bit better. Amen. So if you just hold on the blessing can be a little bit better. Amen. Amen. Amen. So he says he says he says he says that he wants to he's he's love and his great love constrains him to even step down sometimes to let you have the things that you want. Amen. He says look at Thomas after the resurrection. Thomas wouldn't believe. Amen. He says, "I would I will have to put my hands uh I will have to put my hands in his side and my fingers over here in his hands before I believe it." Amen. He was a little stubborn. Amen. But he says, "I believe." He said he said, "I will believe it. I don't care what you say." Amen. So he was stuck in his own ways. Amen. He said, "This is the way I want it and I'm not and I'm not moving to this is how I get it." Amen. And and even though it may be wrong, he'll still give it to you sometimes. Amen. Amen. He said this says it says it says I don't care what you say. See he was all and and the only and because he does that is because you're his bride. Amen. Because because because what did uh uh Neb King Nebuchadnezzar or he haz when when we trying to go above the law he he he moves the scepter. He puts the scepter over. The scepter is above the law. Amen. The scepter is our grace. Amen. Amen. He says he he he he he open he opens a sliver of grace for you sometimes. Amen. Amen. And it says he says he says he says he says but Thomas said no. I'm sorry. Go back. He says he says uh he was all out of scripture order right then. Amen. He was all out of cater. Amen. He says you're supposed to believe it. Amen. The Lord the word says it. So he said I have to have some sort of evidence to prove it. And Jesus appeared. He's good. Brother Brennham says, "Come on, Thomas. If that's what you want, well, here you are. You can have it." Amen. Amen. And then, and then uh in the uh uh in Isaiah 40:1, it says, "He shall feed his flock like a shepherd." Amen. He shall gather the lambs with his arm. Amen. And carry them in his bosom and shall gently lead those that are young. Amen. In Psalms 136:12, it reads, "With a strong hand, with a stretched out arm, for his mercy endureth forever." Amen. And then I paused for a second. I said, "Well, what is mercy?" Amen. Amen. Because we say mercy a lot. Amen. But do you have concrete knowledge of what mercy is? Amen. See, so I did, you know, I read, you know, other books that give you translation of words. Amen. And it says, "Mercy is a Christian grace." Amen. So it's a it's a specific grace just for the Christian. Amen. And and uh brother Bham says in the prophet Elisha in 1954 he says that's why his mercy is ling. So he's given the definition of mercy. He says that's why his mercy is lingering on longsuffering. Amen. Because there's some righteous people that are praying and are trying. Amen. So the righteous people that are praying that are trying they get extended his longsuffering. That's his mercy. Amen. And then in the Queen of the South, 1958, the Lord says of brother Brandon, which is the Lord, he learns, he says, Lord, give us mercy while mercy is still flowing free. And and this is another thing. See, this is another this is, you know, how some words have multiple definitions. This is another definition of mercy. It says, "And forgive us of our unbelief." Amen. So So mercy also looks beyond your unbelief. Amen. So when you're praying, when you're going through something and you have a little unbelief there that it just it's kind of nagging in there and you know, Lord, I should believe, but there is so there's something that it's just hard for me to see past it. Amen. But the mercy looks beyond that unbelief. Amen. Amen. in in in revel revelation chapter 4 number three uh 1961 the Lord says uh through brother Brandham and the reason today there is mercy is because the mercy seat is sprinkled within atonement amen as long as blood is on the judgment seat it's not judgment no more amen see it doesn't judge us because uh it it was just playing on the on the on the um what you call it on the speaker. Amen. Um um brother Brandon was saying the Lord showed him the Lord showed him uh um how how the um the Sorry, slow down. Um the woman when he was kind of he was judging the woman. Amen. And and the woman, you know, she uh uh uh she was, you know, in her sin. Amen. She was ignorant. Amen. And he said, "Just burn whole place up right now." Amen. He had a righteous indignation. Amen. So the Lord had to slow him down. He said, "Whoa, slow down." Amen. He slowed him down and he pulled him aside and he said and he was showing him that you ain't no different. Amen. See see never get a a hardy head just anybody. Amen. See cuz you're no different. Amen. Amen. See he showed him how how because brother Brandon said even the the believer has to ask for forgiveness every day. Amen. See see you're not without sin. Amen. Never never ever think you're not. Amen. That's why if if you weren't without sin Amen. then there was no there's no authority in in the cross. Amen. That uh there's no uh oomph there's no purpose to to the cross. Amen. Because it's by his authority. Amen. It's by him that we're made righteous. Amen. Amen. So so so brother the Lord showing brother Brandham of how you know um of how of I'm sorry of of how his sins Amen. of how because there's still mercy on the cross. Amen. that it was going to Jesus Christ. Amen. It wasn't going to him. Every time he sinned, that that was a lash to Jesus. Amen. And it hurt his heart. Amen. Because because no believer wants to see their savior hurt. Amen. Because because he already died for us. Why? We want to take on that burden. We want to bear that cross now because of what he did for us. Amen. We because what can we give him except a righteous except living the best that we can. What more can he He's given us everything. Amen. That's why worry not. Amen. Because our steps are ordered by the Lord. Amen. Everything that you need of is already provided for you. Amen. So, so stop worrying. Amen. That worry demon, bind it in the name of Jesus Christ and get moving. Amen. It has it has no right. Amen. It has no right to to be, you know, um it has no right to bother you. Amen. Shoot the crows. Amen. Don't let it murder your faith. Amen. Amen. Um um um and and then in second Peter 3:9 it says the Lord is not slack concerning his promise. Amen. So so concerning his oath. Amen. The Lord is not slack. Amen. See it also and see the see that is also revelation the Lord gave me. You know the Lord the Jesus Christ in his word the Bible uses the word God the word Lord and for certain reasons. Amen. See the the scripture is very specific. Amen. See everybody wants God to be their God but not their Lord. Amen. What does Lord mean? Amen. Lord means he is in every avenue of your life. Amen. He is everywhere. Amen. So he is not slack concerning his promises everywhere in your life. Amen. May it be your health, may it be your intelligence, may it be whatever it is, every moment in your life, every aspect, he's not slack. Amen. That's why That's why it said it's his time. Amen. In his time, he'll manifest it. Amen. And then it continues. And it says, "As some men count slackness." Amen. So to us, it's slack at certain times. Amen. But it's not. Amen. It's his time. Amen. See, and it continues. It's a semicolon. It's a continuation. It says, "But is longsuffering to usward." Amen. So, he's not slack concerning his promise, extending his grace towards us in times when we need when we need that extra grace, when we're struggling in in a in a in a in a uh in a trial period, you know, when we're waiting, you know, he extends his grace towards us. Amen. Because he knows that we're trying to hold on, but this flesh gets in the way all the time. We're trying our best to hold on, but you know, the flesh is stepped in sometimes, and sometimes, you know, I just want it a little faster. Amen. And he continues and he says he says not willing any should perish but that all should come to repentance. Amen. And in Psalms 121 3-5 it says he will not suffer thy foot to be moved. He that keepeth thee will not slumber. Behold he that keepeth Israel shall neither slumber nor sleep. Amen. It says the Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shade on thy right hand. Amen. On thy right hand. Amen. See what is the right hand. Amen. The right hand is your works, your righteous, powerful works. Amen. He's your shade and he's your protection. Amen. That that's what he does. Amen. In James 1:5, it continues. He says, I'm just showing you because it's all throughout the word. Amen. See, see, you know, I I just love reading my Bible sometimes and you see how you find, you know, a promise here, then you find a promise there. Amen. And he gives it to us. It's just fronting your face the whole time. Amen. It's it's right here. All you have to do is just, you know, his people his people um uh his people uh uh faint or uh struggle for lack of knowledge. Amen. Because you're not, you know, you just have to read your word enough. You have to know enough. Amen. And I'm not saying be a a theologian. I'm just saying know the word. Amen. Just because just as you listen, are you feeding the white dog? Amen. You feed the white dog, the white dog will grow more. And and when times when you need a certain push, you know, a scripture will fall on your heart. Amen. And because it'll fall on your mind, it'll come into your heart. Amen. That's how it works. Amen. And then he says, "If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God that give it to all men liberally." Amen. And uprath not. Amen. Amen. Uh it shall be given him. Amen. See, so he wants to give it to you. You just have to ask for it. Amen. And look, he's showing us how to ask for it. Amen. You ask through through the the the because see the brother Bham said you climb the tree of knowledge as far as it will take you then you hop on a tree of faith. Amen. See so you you pray according to knowledge as long as you can and then the spirit that maketh intercession will take over that prayer. Amen. He'll take over and then you like man I was thinking that scripture. Where that scripture come from? And you'll keep praying and you more scriptures will come and then you'll just feel a peace in your heart. Amen. Cuz the Lord the Lord has taken your prayer up. Amen. because he he's acknowledged your faith. Amen. And because all he said was what I was waiting for. I was waiting for to hear my words. All I was waiting for. Amen. Because he responds to his word. Amen. And then in Esther Esther 5:3 it says, "Then said the king unto her, Amen. his bride." Amen. He's talking to Esther. He says, "What wilt thou, Queen Esther?" Amen. What do you want? Amen. And so she's she's praying to him. What do you want? Amen. What is thy request? Amen. It shall be even given thee to half of the kingdom. Amen. See, because we know the other half is him. Amen. So remember the diagram of of the Holy Ghost, how how it was how divied up. Amen. So half the Holy Ghost is the Lord. Amen. If if it's a circle, half of it is the Lord and the rest of it is all the saints. Amen. And together, Amen. Like on that pyramid, you see the pyramid, it comes together. The big fell, the little fellow has come together. It mix all up. Amen. And it's all the same one thing. Amen. Amen. See? And then and then you see the Lord pro procures and watches over his promise. Amen. Because you're worth it. Amen. See, he depends on it. Amen. See, why are you worth it? Because he said you're worth it. Amen. Because on the cross, Amen. He said, you know, you don't exchange something unless it's worth to be exchanged. Amen. See, so the Lord saw fit. He said, I love these people so much. Amen. I'm willing to die on the cross. I'm willing to create my own blood. I'm I'm willing to create a blood that man has never had before. Neither Jew nor Gentile. Amen. And I'm able and I'm willing to spill that on the earth. Amen. And he spilled it on the earth for his bride. Amen. Because she was worth it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, let's go um let's go back to verse 15. Amen. Amen. To Hebrews 6 verse1 15. Amen. When you get there, say amen. Then it says, "And so after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise." Amen. So there's a waiting period in between that promise. Amen. See, he had to patiently endure. Amen. So what does patiently endure mean? It means to suffer patiently. Amen. So, so, so it's going to be a trying time. Amen. There's going to be a period where there's going to be a showdown. Amen. And you have to prove because that's when Satan's not going to get you before the the the the the tri the trial time starts. Amen. The Satan's going to come to you when he sees, okay, they wavering a little bit. They're in a waiting period. That's when he'll come to you. Amen. And and that's when it's the showdown. That's when that's when you prove unto the Lord. Amen. See, because when the test comes, the teacher don't talk to you when the test comes. Amen. The teacher sits back and he watches you for at the desk. Amen. He watches you and he sees everything I've taught him. Is he does he really listen to it? Did he really Did he really soak up everything that I taught him? Amen. And he wants to see what you're going to apply. Amen. So So when he's sitting there with the Lord's looking at you, he was like, "Is he going to pull the sword?" Amen. Is he Is he going to apply the words that I told him? Amen. And what happens? That our born angel will come up and he'll say, "Man, he's a chip off the old block." Amen. He's listening to you, Lord. Amen. He He's doing everything he ought to do. He He's fighting, saying with the word. Amen. And he's not backing up. Amen. He's fighting for every inch. Amen. Amen. And the Lord gets happy. What happens? You usher him to come down. Amen. And he comes down. He answers your prayers. Amen. Amen. And he says, and he says, and it says, And it says, "And he swore by himself in 1954." Brother Brandham, he says, and Oh, I'm sorry. No. Um, I'll read that right. I'm sorry. He says, um, uh, so to patiently endure means to suffer patiently. Amen. See, and what allows us to suffer patiently. Amen. What holds us? Amen. What what what is keeping us? Amen. It's it's love. Amen. And the love we have in Jesus holds us. Amen. It make it makes the yoke light. Amen. See the the see um and you find it all through the scriptures. Amen. The love Jacob had for Rachel. Amen. Um in Genesis Genesis 29:20. He says, "And Jacob served seven years for Rachel, and it seemed unto him but a few days." Amen. For the love he had to her. Amen. You see, so the love you have for you, you'll feel like, man, I just prayed for it. happened. But but little did you know it was about a couple years but didn't feel like it. Amen. Because you held on because you knew that the Lord said so. I prayed for it. See, I wasn't praying. See, I wasn't praying to consume my to consume more of my own lust. Amen. I I was praying for a righteous thing. Amen. See, I was praying for others. Amen. I was praying so so the glory of the Lord can be expressed in my life. Amen. So others can see the glory of the Lord in my life. Amen. See, so when you when you pray like that, amen, and you and you have that that sure con consolation in in you. Amen. It's like it's like an anchor in your heart. Amen. Anchors in your heart on the rock of ages. Amen. Amen. And so the love he had for Rachel. Amen. And guess what? There was a bump in the road. Amen. See where bump in the road because what happened? What happened? He he served for Rachel seven years. What happened? He said, "Oh man, I served for a long time. I finally I'm finally gonna get my wife. Amen. What happened? He woke up. It was Leah. He was like, "What is this? I didn't ask for this." Amen. He said, "This ain't this is what I asked for." Amen. I served seven years and you tricked me. What was going on? Amen. And and and and what happened? What happened? The the uh uh he had to work seven more years. Amen. So, he worked 14 years for his bride. Amen. 14 years. And it felt like just a few days. Amen. Now, if you can't apply that scripture, I don't know what you can apply to when you in a waiting period. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. So, and brother Brennham continues in the impersonionation of Christianity in 1957. Yes, sir. He says, "You know, you know what you do with it? You just like to bear it. It's just like Samson when he took the brazen gates of Gaza, the big brass gates, he just picked it on up on his shoulders and bore it away." Amen. That's right. And when the yoke is lined with joy and peace and the sweetness of Christ in your heart. Amen. Then you just pick up all the burdens the world cast on you because to begin with anyway you can pick it up because the Lord will put more on you than you can bear. Amen. So you can do it anyway. Amen. See see just because a the yoke is light just because it's easy doesn't mean there's not going to be trials. Amen. You got to fight through it. Amen. You can fight through it. Amen. See all you got to do is continue to fight. Amen. Because what happens when you in the gym, you exercise or you can pick up a heavy box. Amen. See, see you now. See, I want you all to see me. Amen. You You pick it up first and then it's a resistance. Amen. And then you got to fight through the resistance to pick the whole thing up. Amen. See the there's a fight. And then you have to express the strength, the nourishment of the word as you grown. You have to express the strength to move that to move the the the the heavy object. Amen. See, and and it says, um, then you pick up all the burden the world cast on you and bear them on a certain hill called Calvary. Amen. Because we cast our burdens on him. Amen. See, and that's why when you pray, when you pray for something, leave it alone afterwards. Amen. Because because if you pray for it and you cast your burden on them, you disrespect them if you pray for it again. Amen. Cuz you already gave him your burden. You already gave him your care. So like, what you ask me for again? I already you already asked me. You already put it on me. Amen. Amen. There's nothing there. Amen. There's no burden. There's no burden on you no more. Amen. Amen. See, so so don't disrespect him like that. Amen. Amen. And then it says, "And there you kneel down and pray for that one that was persecuting you, not rain fire out of heaven and tear up the church. You bring peace to them. God be merciful to them." Amen. Amen. See? And then um and then see because in the story of Samson, you know, uh he gave his heart to Delilah. Amen. And and that that bound his strength up. Amen. See, because you can't serve men and the Lord at the same time. Amen. You have to sell out to the Lord. Amen. Once you sell out to him, Amen. Once you sold out to the Lord, Amen. He gave him all the strength he needed to move those gates. Amen. Amen. See, so so you may be struggling right now because you may not have sold out fully to the Lord. Amen. There may be something that you're holding on to. Amen. No matter how small it is, no how matter how small you may think it is. Amen. The Lord is peculiar. Amen. He says jealous God. Amen. See, he he wants nothing to take up the space that is reserved for him. Amen. See? Amen. It says in uh he swore by himself in 1954. You see, I keep using he swore he swore by himself because he swore by himself. Amen. See, because he did it himself. Amen. See, he put the burden on himself so we don't have to worry about it. He did the work for us. All we have to do is hold on. Amen. It's all you have to do. Amen. See, how hard is that? Amen. How hard is it when he's moving all the heavy weights? He's he's he's pushing through in prayer. He's doing everything. All you got to do is sit there and hold on. How easy is that? Amen. Just just take a step back and look at it. Amen. Just calm down. Look at it for a second. Amen. All you're doing is holding on. Amen. That's it. Amen. That's all you're doing. Amen. See, and then I'll continue. He says, can you do the same thing this morning or this evening? Amen. Can you set your faith and say, "It's thus sayaith the Lord." And no, see, it's thus sayaith the Lord. Amen. See, and no matter what comes or what goes, whe whether today is easy, tomorrow is hard, the next day they're teasing you, the next next day they're making fun of you. Amen. Uh the next day they say I'm crazy. I endure. Amen. After not after after not before he endured. Amen. That's what it says. Amen. It says I'm going read it again for you. It says uh I'm sorry. And after he had patiently endured. Amen. He obtained the promise. Amen. You obtain something you worked for. Amen. See, uh when you're running a race, you obtain that gold medal. Amen. And and there's a there's a sense of like um um I'm I'm going say a righteous pride that you get when when you obtain it. Amen. Because you know I held on to his word. Amen. I did what I was supposed to do. This is the my reward right here. Amen. So what happens when you get that job? What happens when when you finally get that husband? You finally get that wife. Amen. What happens when you when when when you finally get that promotion, finally get that car? You cherish it. Amen. You take care of it. Amen. You be a good steward over because you know what you went through to get it. Amen. See, no matter how big, no matter how small it is, no matter how whatever, however someone may look at it. Amen. To them, it may be small, but to you it's big. Amen. To you, I work hard for this. I I don't care. We walk individual walk. Never compare yourself to anybody else. It's individual. Amen. See, so see, so for me, Amen. So for me, my testimony was I finally got that car outside and I take care of that car. Amen. I cherish that car. Amen. See, so you may be small. So you may be all busted up, little lemon, but to me, I cherish that car. Amen. Amen. See, so so um um it says it says, "And after he endured, he he obtained the promise." Amen. Oh my, there it is. Do you see it, brother? It shakes all devils and everything else away. See why? Because you're holding on to faith. Amen. You You're being a strong rugged soldier of the cross. Amen. It says it says um uh see there it is. And Satan come and say, "Oh, now I tell you, you're just a little worked up. You just might be uh well kind of reasonable about this thing." Amen. Say it's thus sayith the Lord, Satan. No matter how hard it comes, what it looks like, what anybody says, I want to with patience. Amen. Because faith workketh patience. Amen. See, not fretting. Person can't have patience and fretting all the time. That's why every time something happen, stop being so easily worked up over stuff. Amen. See, calm yourself down. Amen. Take a moment and and chill out. Amen. Step back. remove yourself from the situation and saying, "Lord, this is this fight is it's a fight against principalities, powers, you know, uh this is spiritual warfare." Amen. My uh this this is my brother right here. I love this person. I chose to marry this person. I said, "Death was part." Amen. I said I said I said, "So what you fuzzing for?" Amen. See what is the what is the the the what you have to pay attention to how Satan may try to get in between it. Amen. And it's not the person. Amen. It's Satan. Amen. See if you attack if you attack the vessel just going to get worse. Amen. Don't attack the vessel. Look them in the eyes. Say I love you and I'm looking talking to the spirit. Amen. That's the spirit. That's not the person. Amen. See, because because the spirit got the the spirit even got into into what you call got into into um the spirit even got into Peter and what did the Lord say? Jesus Christ himself turned around to the person he gave the keys to and he said Lord get behind me Satan. Amen. So you think he was like you you think he was like um um you you think he was like oh he took that personally? He said no he took that personally. Amen. because he was aware that Satan that Satan is even able to creep on the believers. Amen. Because we're still in the flesh. Amen. Because we may get shaky sometimes. Amen. So all I have to do is build each other up. Amen. And destroy each other that you love each other. Amen. And just build each other up through that hard time. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says he says he he says uh give me give me a second. Give me a second. Give me a second. Amen. Says, Amen. Um Yes, sir. Amen. I'm I'm back. Amen. It says it says, listen, I'm going to say something. Look, faith is unconscious. Amen. And you're here to fulfill it, too. Just walk unconscious of fear. Amen. Walk unconscious of criticism. Walk unconscious of the world. Walk as you walk in Christ. Walk with him, not paying attention to the right or to the left hand. See, see, I I love Joshua. I was telling my mother today, I read Joshua, that man lived 110 years. Amen. I that live that man lived 110 years of fighting war. Amen. I said, that's something to brag about. Amen. I said that brother lived 110 years fighting. Amen. He said he was fighting people with a sword. All old. I said, "Man, how you do that?" Amen. You old. How you using a sword like that? Amen. See, it's real. Amen. This is real. This is a real word we reading. Amen. It's not no fairy tale fake stuff. This is real. It's actually happened. Amen. So, so I man, you know, um [Applause] um Amen. Amen. He said, um uh it says um see Yeah. See the cuz the Lord told Joshua, he said in Joshua 1 after Moses died, he said, see, he said, observe all the word. Amen. And don't turn to the left hand and don't turn to the right hand. Amen. If you observe all the word and apply all the word, then your way will be made prosperous. Amen. See, if you observe all the word, you're duty bound. The Lord is duty bound to make your way prosperous. Now, I'm not saying it's gonna be easy. I'm not saying everything gonna come to you right like that. Amen. You got to fight for things, but in the end of the day, you're going to get it. Amen. Amen. Because why? Why are you promised to get it? Because we're overcomers. Amen. That's the promise of this age. Amen. See, and I can't I don't want to leave this world. Amen. I'm sorry, but I might hold off the rapture a little bit, but I don't want to leave this world until I want to see overcoming in my life. Amen. You may have to overcome in your little real life, but I want to overcome in my life, too. Amen. Amen. See, it says because I want something I want something to go when I go to heaven and say, I want a story to share when I go to heaven. Amen. See, I don't like, well, you know, I just lived a good Christian life. No, I want to say Satan attack me with something. I want to do this, I want to do that, and I won. I overcame. Amen. Amen. See, see. And and he continues, he says, he says, "Just keep moving on. If something comes up in the church, walk with God." Amen. Hallelujah. If sickness strikes you, walk with God. If the neighbor don't like you, walk with God. Amen. Just keep walking with God. Amen. And what? One day you going to keep walking. You going to wrap you out of here like Enoch. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And look and look see this work can be found everywhere. What about Noah? You see see uh uh in Genesis 6:17 and 18. It says and behold I even I see this is the Lord saying me. I'm doing the work. Amen. See he's always doing the work. Amen. See I even I so that even I surely I Amen. I do bring a flood of waters upon the earth to destroy all flesh. See the word comes first the warning comes first. Amen. See where the breath and destroy all flesh. Worn is the breath of life from under heaven. Amen. to bring everything to bring everything in the earth to bring to bring I'm sorry to bring everything that is in the earth shall die but but with thee I will establish my covenant. Amen. Thou shalt thou shalt come into the ark. Thou uh I'm sorry. Behold, I will establish my covenant and and thou shalt come into the ark and thy sons and thy wife and thy sons wives with thee. Amen. See, so see the Lord keeps bringing it up. Amen. See, it's more than just you. Amen. It's the promise extends further than you. It extends to your family as well. Amen. It extends to your siblings, extends to your loved ones. Amen. See, so you have the right tonight to claim them. Amen. See, when the Lord comes down, Amen. See what what did we learn about the woman? What do we learn? What did we learn about the woman who um who had touched just a garment? Amen. She didn't bring Jesus there. Amen. All she would was she she reaped some of the benefits. Amen. She touched his garment. Amen. See, when brother Brandham was always having the prayer lines, Amen. people would be praying and he would stop to this person and gone through the crowd because someone touched the garment. Amen. Because somebody somebody believed and fell believed in faith and they and they pulled God. Amen. See, so pull God tonight. Amen. Amen. Pull God for yourself. Amen. For your family. Amen. Whatever you need, just pull on him because he's here tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. And and see and and look and this is something and the message expectations in 1961 because you have to have the expectation because you get what you're looking for. Amen. See, if you're not looking for it, you ain't going to get it. Amen. See, if you looking at negative stuff all the time, always being negative, always wousy wowy me. Amen. That's what you gonna get as well as you watch as me all the time. Amen. Stop being like that. Amen. Sometimes the Lord got to say get in line. Amen. Sometimes he got to tell you, stop buzzing. Amen. Stop being sad all the time. Amen. Take the word. Amen. And just and just smile. Amen. People say, "Oh, you you all right? All is well." Amen. Smile. Walk. Why won't your head up? Amen. Walk looking straight. Walk with your chest out. Amen. Because because what did how was the seventh angel in this age? He had his chest out. Amen. Have your chest out. Amen. For this time. Amen. For the hardest time in the world, the Lord chose you. Amen. The Lord chose you to live in this time. Amen. Amen. So that means So that means Paul couldn't take it. Amen. I couldn't take it. Amen. Barney couldn't take it. Amen. But you can take it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You see in 1961 in expectations uh the prophet says and and God spoke to Noah and told him to prepare an ark for the setting of his house. Amen. That it was going to rain. Amen. See the the prophet prepared an ark for us. Amen. The messages are ark. Amen. See so so while we were still in the earth while you were still babies. The Lord sent a prophet and prepared an arc for us. Amen. He prepared the message for us. All God did was walk into it. Just step into the vision. Just step into the message. Amen. And and just step into the rock of ages. He'll protect you. Amen. Amen. And and uh and he says he says rain was going to come out of the skies. The whole earth was going to be covered with water. And Noah was expecting that to happen. See, he was expecting Amen. He never seen rain before because remember remember in that time before before the flood, the water came came from the from the earth. Amen. So he's never seen water before. So he don't even know what he's expecting. Amen. He He's just expecting something. Amen. And he's taking the Lord at his word. Amen. So [Music] [Applause] So he was expecting that to happen. If he would not have expected the first critic come by, he would have said, "Well, I guess maybe I was wrong. It wasn't God." Amen. See, so you have to see so just just hold on to it. Amen. See the Lord said, "Blessed is he who has even seen." Amen. See, more blessed is he who has even seen. Amen. See, we haven't seen. More blessed is it. Amen. For us. Amen. See, the Lord said that eyes have not seen. Amen. Uh, ears have not ears have not heard, neither has it entered into the the minds of men. Amen. The the treasure he has for us in heaven. Amen. See, you can't even see I love that song. Can you only imagine? Amen. See, but you really can't even imagine because every see brother Brandon compared heaven like pig slap. Um, he compared the earth to heaven like pig slap. He was like, you know, you may have these things you like in the world, you know, the time to take pleasures in. Amen. He said, would you go to a pig and tell them stop eating pig slap? No. That's that's their life. That's what they eat. That's that's below that that's below you, but that's right for them. Amen. See? So, so you the things that we live here on earth, the trials we go through is even a big slap compared to heaven. Amen. See, so it's like when we get to heaven, you know, that's why we forget all these all the trials, all the all all things. We only remember the good things. We only remember the overcoming of the trials. Amen. See, and like what did that scripture say? Um, I forgot where it was at, but he said, uh, we'll have Satan and we'll be like, that was him. Yes, sir. That was him. Amen. Really? Really? I was bothered over that. Really? Think about it. Amen. I let that go under my skin. Really? I let that argument go under my skin. Amen. I let I let that uh pop tie got under my skin. I let that late payment get under my skin. Really? I let these small things of these trivial things of life get under my skin. You the worry for nothing. Amen. Amen. See? And um in in the in the message perseverance in 1963 uh the prophet says but one day while Noah was out in the field maybe fixing his crop God appeared to him and told him make ready see he was living his life. Amen. Just uh uh uh minding his own business. Amen. Just doing doing his thing. The Lord came to him. Amen. He was probably singing up singing a worship song. Amen. See because you got to bring God down first. Amen. See, because you have to make the atmosphere right for him to come. Amen. See, because the Lord is like a dove. He's a gentleman. Amen. See, if the atmosphere isn't right, Amen. He's not going to come because See, because I when we pray, we say, "Thy kingdom come." Amen. You have to make the atmosphere right for Amen. That's why before you pray, Amen. you you've probably um sang some songs. You you've settled your spirit. Don't just jump into prayer. Amen. You don't don't do that. Amen. Just calm yourself down first. Amen. Then you enter into prayer because you you have to approach him correct. Amen. Have to approach him calmly. Amen. Because he's he's he's sensitive like that. Amen. Amen. See, so it says, "Make ready for the saving of your household and build an ark." Amen. It's going to rain. He didn't know rain was. He was like, "Rain? What is that?" You know, uh, okay. Oh, the Lord said it. Lord said so. I believe it. That's it. You know, he said, "Make an art." Make an arc. What for? It ain't for me to know. Amen. He says he says now we all know that that the antidolivian world would not see he goes into it. I'll skip that. He goes into it. He says he says um he says now the scientific thinkers of that day his message was contrary. No doubt us that smart scientist could have come to him and said now look here Mr. Noah. Now we got instruments that we can shoot we can shoot the moon and we can do all these scientific researches. There's no water up there. Amen. How is there going to come any water down from there? That's not There's no water up there to come down. You're foolish. See that job you want? Amen. That uh what you what you looking for in life right now. Amen. You don't qualify for it. What you apply that for? Amen. See, but some me heart told you just to apply to it. Amen. See, because it's a promise. Amen. We we're led by the Holy Ghost. Amen. See, we're we're not we don't live conventional lives. Amen. See, our life is not conventional. Amen. It's not it's it's it's full of you know um maybe to us surprises because his ways are higher than our ways. His thoughts are higher than our thoughts and then see so don't even try to figure it out trying to figure it out. So you go out the deep end and then then you start trying to read these read books and things and you don't need to read success books. No success books. You don't need that. Amen. All the success you need is in the Lord. Amen. Amen. Um and he says he says um you're foolish. is doing something that there's nothing to. There's no water up there. But Noah could say, "God said that it would rain and that shadows it." God said so. See, and look how long this took. 120 years was persistent in the face of the scientific world of his day. Amen. We have a scientific world right now. The Lord said in the days of Noah, Amen. We are living in the days of Noah right now. Amen. In the scientific world of this day, Amen. We have to we have to go against all those AI all the rhythms that go through resumes and things and all that stuff. Amen. All the things of uh uh uh being on a wait list for a kidney. Amen. All those things that say you got to wait on it. Amen. We don't we don't abide by the laws of man. Amen. We don't abide like that. Amen. See because we have a God. Amen. Who who does the unconventional. Amen. See, you can't limit God. Don't put a limit on God. Amen. Don't say, "I want him to come a certain way." Amen. Because you're limiting him. Okay? See, you're hindering your own blessing. Amen. See, because when he when he does the things that may be outlandish to you, it makes you love him even more. Amen. But it's like, man, that went beyond my thinking. How'd it even come that way? Amen. See? Amen. And then, and then he says, he says, "Still claiming his message was right because it came from God. I don't care what it is. As long as it comes from God, I'mma believe it." Amen. It says, "As long as it come from this pull pit, as long as I hear it in the in the tape," Amen. I'm hold on to it, I'm believe it. Amen. Amen. I don't care what it is. Amen. I'm holding on to it. Amen. Amen. Because the God God said it and I'm his bride and that means I can buck him with it. Amen. Amen. It says, it says he was persistent in doing so. See, he was persistent. Amen. It was the act of faith. Amen. He wasn't lazy about it. Amen. See, so you know, yes, faith is unconscious. Yes. you don't um um get rattled by things. Amen. And so there's a balance. You got to find the balance. Amen. See, so what does he mean by he was persistent but yet he was still yet it was still unconscious. How do those two things come together? Amen. See, it comes together because as you're working, Amen. You're not working in haste. Amen. It's not a hasty spirit behind what you're doing. Amen. It's a spirit of okay, I'm you're going through the motions and you're applying to it because you just Lord says do it. I'm going to do it. Amen. You just just just walk just walk through it. Amen. Just just go just go do it. Amen. Amen. Yes, my brother. And it says it says, "No matter what the rest of the world said, Noah heard from God." Amen. See, you heard from God. Amen. Why? How'd you hear from God? You're sitting here tonight. Amen. You're hearing from God right now. Amen. See, you chose this message. Amen. You're hearing from God. Amen. So, as long as you're hearing from God, Amen. You have nothing to worry about. Amen. Everything you take out every everything that you get. Amen. From here hearing from them. Every tape. Amen. You you apply it to your life. Amen. And you you keep moving forward with it. Amen. Amen. See the Lord keep has me say it because someone's just not getting it. Amen. See, just take him at his word. Amen. Because he said so. Take him at his word. Apply it. Keep going forward. Forget about your carnal thinking. Forget about forget about the rules of man. You know, uh, you know, you know, they say, uh, a scripture y'all probably saying right now is, "Give Caesar what's to Caesars." Amen. Well, that doesn't apply when God, uh, that doesn't apply to God's bride when he's given the scepter over. Amen. See, cuz when you apply the scepter, amen, you go above the law. Amen. There are certain things, amen, that the Lord will just push you forward in. Amen. He'll he'll push you ahead of your others. Amen. See, Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, Amen. They consecrated themselves to the Lord. Amen. And they were they and they ate food that uh that they didn't eat. Amen. They consecrated themselves. And guess what? What did the Lord do for them? Amen. They ended up they ended up living lives uh that I'm sorry that they ended up um um uh in in schooling. They started they got more wisdom than anyone else around them. Amen. And guess what? They even got leading jobs, too. Amen. They got they got the best jobs in the land. Amen. See? Amen. And it says he says he so that's that's applied. You apply that to yourself. Amen. See Lord, I consecrate myself to you. Everything I do is for you. Amen. I try to do nothing within myself. Amen. So Lord, so Lord, I'm giving it to you. My burdens to you. Amen. You add the increase. Amen. And that's it. That's it. It's super simple. Stop making it harder than it got to be. Amen. Get over yourself. Get over the the being of man. Amen. Just forget about it. Amen. Yes, the flesh is going to bother you, but just know the Lord is giving you a word. Just take him at his word. Stop fighting against the word. Amen. Stop stop giving in to Satan. Stop giving in to stop giving in to how the I'm closing. I'm closing now. Stop giving in the the um ways of man and just just chill out. Amen. Relax. Amen. Live a calm life. Amen. Just live live life here is supposed to be sweet. You're not supposed his yoke is light. It's not supposed to be so many not have high blood pressure. You're not supposed to have problems in your body. Amen. You're the temple of the Lord. Amen. Temple of the Lord is is is has has no uh splotch in it. It's it's uh has no spot on it. Amen. It's it's clear. No wrinkle. Amen. No wrinkle in your life. Just live life. Amen. Something comes up. Lord, thank you. This is a chance for you. This is a chance for you to to express yourself. Amen. This is a chance for you to express the God in me. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And keep moving. Amen. See, you should be the most unbothered person there is. Amen. Nothing should bother you. Amen. Amen. Um, and as I'm closing, as I'm closing, the musicians can come up. Um, the Lord continues. He says, he says, um, he says, "No matter what the rest of the world said, no heard from God." That's all that mattered to him. He heard the voice. He was sure it was God. and he was making ready that it seemed very silly to the world but yet Noah knew God would keep his word because it's an immutable oath. Amen. Amen. Um uh the musicians may come up. I'm closing. Amen. I'mma read another quote just to close it out. Um I'm read this quote right here. I really like this quote. This quote touched my heart in a great way in restoration of the bride bride tree in 1962. So if you didn't get anything else, just get this right here. The Lord says through brother Bren through his prophet which is his mouthpiece. He says because why? He has spoke a word and put a law with that word. Amen. By these two immutable things. Remember that scripture. Put a law with that word. And the law is his own law. His own life behind it. He's putting himself on the line for you. Amen. Amen. He says that's the reason he swore by himself. Amen. There's none greater. See, he had take an oath cuz no covenant should be confirmed without an oath. And the only way he could do before he did take it by himself and himself became the oath. Amen. Oh brother. Oh brother. When God became man and he was the oath, made himself the oath. Amen. Then um and that that's all. Amen. That's all that's what the Lord put on my heart. Amen. Uh there was more, but I believe I believe that's what the Lord wanted y'all to get. Amen. May the Lord add the increase to as well. May May may may the Lord add after add to his word. Amen. Then um if we stand we um pray bust the church in prayer. Yes sir. [Music] Glory. Bow our hearts. Father God we come unto you Lord God. Humble you Lord God Jesus Christ. Father God we come to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Father God, we come unto you under the oath, Father God. For you are the oath, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, we thank you, Father God, for such a consolation in your word, Lord God. Such a promise, Lord God. Such a covenant, Father God, that we can take you by your word, Lord God. Whatever may come, Father God, you said it and then we believe it, Lord God. Father God, whatever, Lord God, it is even if we don't understand it, Father God, when it comes, Lord God, we say amen and we keep moving, Father God, because by and by, we'll understand it more by and by, Father God. Father God, we I pray, Lord God, blessings over this congregation, Lord God. Father God, my brothers and sisters in Christ, Father God, my precious brothers and sisters in Christ, Lord God. Lord God, I pray blessings over them, Father God. For you say, Father God, to give them their flowers now, Lord God, not Father God, after they've already passed, Lord God. Father God, I'm thankful, Lord God, for such a pastor, Lord God, after your own heart, Lord God. I'm thankful, Father God, for this message, Lord God. Lord God, Jesus Christ, we want to ask for this message, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, we came in this world speaking lies. Father, we came we came in this world, Father God, not even we came in this world as pagans, Lord God. And Father God, you took it upon yourself, Lord God, to show us, Lord God, by your grace, by your love, Father God, this word, Lord God, this message, Lord God, you touched our heart, Father God. Lord God, you gave us a heart of flesh, Father God, a new heart, Lord God. And Lord God, you went upon that cross, Lord God, and you spilled the blood, Lord God. You said like, "Father God, this person, Father God, these people, Lord God, my bride, they're worth it, Lord God. Jesus Christ." And Father God, if you can just get that revelation, Lord God, just grab on to that revelation, Father God, you said we're worth it, Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, the God of heaven and earth, Father God, the God, Lord God, who's who's eternal, Father God, who time is nothing to him, Father God, he came down and experienced time, Lord God, just, Father God, to just to save us, Lord God. Father God, time is nothing to him, Lord God. He subjected himself to a life of struggling, Lord God. Father God, he subjected himself, Father God, to a life of suffering, Lord God. He subjected himself to it when he was above it, Lord God. He didn't have to do that. You didn't have to do that, Jesus Christ. You didn't have to do it, Lord. But you chose to do it, Lord God. Father God, just so we can live, Lord God, glorious lives just so we can live blessed lives, Father God. Father God, you took it upon yourself, Lord God, to become the oath, Lord God. And we thank you for it, Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, I pray blessings, Father God, over my brothers and sisters, Lord God. I pray, Lord God, blessings over their health, their wealth, Father God, over all things, Lord God, in their lives. Father God, for Father God, we are blessed people, Lord God. We are a wealthy people, Lord God. We are a a strong people, Lord God. We are should soldiers of the cross, Lord God. Father God, Satan can't do nothing with us, Lord God, and he get tired of us all he can. We're going to keep whipping them, Lord God. We're going to keep strongly. He's fighting a losing battle, Lord God. Every time he raised his head, Lord God, we're going to say boo. Lord God, boo back at him, Father God. He's nothing. He's nothing but a bluff, Lord God. Jesus Christ. He has no B. He has no arrow in his bow, Father God. He's weak, Lord God. All he can do, Lord God, is attack us, Lord God, with mind battles, Lord God. And you give us a word for that, Lord God. You're our shield, Lord God. You are our salv our helmet of salvation, Lord Jesus Christ. Father God, and Lord God, we just love you so much, Lord God. for Lord God the the the the world cannot hold Lord God all the all the love we have for you Lord God if if if the if the sea Father God was in Lord God in the in the sky was a scroll God it couldn't fulfill the hole God you have in our hearts Lord God and Father God I commit this unto you Father God may you bless them when they're coming and they're going Lord God give them traveling protection Lord God and I pray for the rest of the week Lord God they walk with their head up Lord God and they let nothing bother them Lord God Jesus Christ may be strong in the faith Lord God hold lay aside the weights that so easily do beset them Father God and can fight on Lord God. Father the good father of faith Lord Jesus Christ Lord God and this is our prayer Father God and Jesus we thank you Father God for coming down Lord God. We thank you Father for meeting us Lord Jesus Christ for your duty bound by your word Lord God to meet us Lord and we thank you Father for you always fulfill your oaths Lord God you always fulfill your will Father no matter however you do it Father it's not up to us Father God we can't trap you in a box Lord God. Father God, you're eternal, Lord God. What what is time to you? What is nothing nothing is is greater than you, Father God. So, Father God, we thank you for coming and meeting us, Lord God. And may you, Father God, water your word and give them increase, Lord God. May you touch our hearts, Father God. We love you, Father. We love you so much, Lord. We just I can't stop saying it. We love you, Lord God. And, Lord God, according to that word, we pray, Father God, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Praise God. What a convention. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Tony, you want to just sit home and just let these uh Navy Seal keep firing at the devil. The devil tried to get you last time and this is what he get in return and he's going to learn next time not to do it. Amen. Amen. This is a wonderful, wonderful sermon. There is nothing to add. He even pray for you. And I'm glad about one thing. Their word coming in this church is making future great husband. People that will love the wife truly. Hallelujah. If you were married, I would have told your wife to cook a steak. But I have to talk to mama. Sister sister sister Kella. Find him a big long horn or whatever. Get him some steak. Amen. Wonderful. My friend, God richly bless you. Take the word of God and move forward. The Holy Spirit have charged you. This is just God. He could have gone over on on on because the I mean heaven was open. But God wants you to get what you get. Get on it and move and enjoy the rest of the week. God richly bless you. Brother said you can dismiss yours. Yes. Thank you. Amen. When I take this song, my faith looks up to thee. Amen. My faith looks up to thee. [Music] Now land of [Music] calary. Saveior [Music] divine me I pray. Take all my gifts away. Oh, let me from this day be [Music] [Applause] [Music] holy. May thy rich grace impart. For me thy reach [Music] gra my faith in God my you thou has died for [Music] me. Oh, may my love to [Music] thee fire. While life's dark maze I pray, While darkness I pray around me spread be thou my [Music] Be darkest turn today. Wipe sorrows away. Lord, let me be ever straight for me. My faith looks up to me. One more time. Oh, my faith looks up to thee. The lamb of God. Saveior [Music] divine me I pray. Take all my guilt away. Oh, let me from this day bey. [Music] Oh, let me from this day. We'll take one more time. Oh, let me from this day. [Music] Oh, let all me. [Music] One more time. [Laughter] [Music] Oh, let me from this day be holy. [Music] [Music]
