################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 92 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-28
Title:    Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 92 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker:  Stephen Shembo
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YTMzNWLt6pE
========================================

Description:
Subtitle: the Ten Pounds Parable's Season
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He come back went out west to So let me walk with you, Jesus. Oh, don't ever ever leave me alone. Oh, without you I know I could never. No, never. Let's go to him this morning. Invite him in and make him feel welcome and just love on him a little bit as we prepare for our service this morning. We thank you. Thank you, Lord, for being our everything, Lord God. Thank you for walking with us, Lord God, and letting us walk with you, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Father, for your love, your mercy, for your grace in our lives, Lord God. We thank you for another service this morning, Lord God. We're excited to be here this morning, Lord Jesus, and to be in your presence once again, Lord, to see what you have to say to us, Lord, and what you're going to do for us this morning. Lord, we just want everything to be right for you this morning. Bless the musicians this morning, Lord. Bless our singers, Lord. It seems like the devil's been attacking our singers, Lord. And we just want to put them ahead and put them before you this morning, Lord God. And just, Lord, just have your will, Lord. We're going to sing, Lord, this morning and worship you, Father. And we don't want that devil to hinder us, Lord, at all, Lord. So, we're going to make him mad this morning, Lord. We're going to hair lift him and just, Lord, and just worship you and sing to you this morning. Bless our technicians this morning as well, Lord God. Let everything just go perfect for you, for this service. Lord God, you've done so much for this congregation, Lord God. How grateful are we, Lord God. How difficult sometimes Lord to find words just to express our gratitude to you Lord God for everything that you do Lord Jesus. Thank you for everything Father. Now Lord as we sing Lord and prepare to receive the word. We ask that you go and visit our pastor Lord God in the front room there. Lord God, spend a few minutes, Lord, to just be with him, Lord, and to give him strength, Lord, and to go over everything, Lord, with him that you two have prepared for us this morning, Lord God. We want to be attentive, Lord. We want to be serious, Lord God. We want to be diligent this morning, Lord God. We want to show, Lord, our gratitude and our love back to you, Lord God. And we just ask these things, Lord, in the precious name of Jesus Christ. So come amongst us, Father, and just be with us this morning, Lord. Visit every one seated on their pew this morning, Lord God, and just commune, Lord, as we prepare, Lord, to sing and to worship you, Lord, according to your word, Lord. We thank you, Father, for everything that you're doing for us each and every day, Lord. And we give this service back into your hands, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name, Lord. I was lonely. Oh, you found me when I was so blue. Lord, you found me when no one could help me. when no one knew just what to do. So let me walk with you, Jesus. Oh, don't ever ever leave me alone. For without you, I know I could never. will never make my home. Let's sing the second verse. I on the mountain with Jesus and I've been in the valley so but Never one time has he failed me. Oh to him where my bride of my go. Let me walk with you, Jesus. Oh, don't ever leave me alone. Without you, I know I could never make heaven my home. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Amen. Go ahead and turn around and greet your neighbor. Amen. Say good morning and God bless you. Well, I'm a man over there and when crumbs all care, I am going where The lamb is the light. Now there's a country far beyond the starry sky. There's a city where there never comes a night. If we're faithful, we shall go there by. It's that city where the lamb is alive. Oh, in that city where the lamb is alive. In that city where they're coming in your mind over there and we bring where the is now here we have our days of sunshine but we know that the sun would shine the so bright we'll be changing and raining until we Oh, to that city where the lamb is alive. Well, in that city where the lamb is alive. Yes. In that city where there will be free I am the lamb is alive you forever and today shall be one eternally without and our tears shall be forever wiped In that city where the lamb is alive. Now in that city where the lamb is alive. And I see where they're going from. Oh, I don't know. And we here we have our disappointment. and his home. Oh my goodness. In that city where the lamb is alive. Yes. In that city where the lamb is alive. in the city where there I am where the lamb is alive. Let the sunlight fade and twice I bring it blue. Not a shadow can full of pride. For I know that heaven is very true. In that city where the land is alive. In the city where the light in the city where there might some morning we shall see Jesus in the air coming after you and Joy is ours to share. Rejoice and still be when the seizle Baby now I almost see all the driving for that you just Oh, I'm singing and all I shouting on every morning when glory and sing with you. We begin to singing in the Holy Ghost out of heaven. Millions join the song and we shall be praising Christ through angry morning when we all shall ride. Hallelujah. in the sky. Oh shallelujah. Amen. in that city with where the lamb is the light. Amen. We're going to have a jubilee. I don't uh I've never led this next song. Okay. So, I'm going to need a whole lot of help out there. Okay. But I noticed something that the pastor said during the uh during the prayer request. He asked us to go all the way back to January when we were giving thanks to the Lord and just look back at our, you know, our whole year. And I was thinking, we can testify on the things that we know he did, but there's probably more, if not as much that he did for us that we don't even know. Amen. So, I wanted to sing this song. It just popped instantly instantly in my head. And we used to sing it at the old church and I backed it up there. I didn't lead it, but um so we're going to try this morning. Amen. But y'all sing cuz I know he's done stuff for y'all. Amen. Done stuff for every one of us. We don't have words sometimes for the gratitude that we'd like to express. How many times must I prove how much I love you? How many ways must my love for you? I showed how many times must I resue you from trouble for you to know just how much I love. Sing that again. How many times? Amen. Hallelujah. How many times must I prove how much I love you? How many ways must my love for you? My how many times must I rescue you from trouble for you to know just how much I love you? Didn't I wake you up? Wake you up this morning. You are alone in your right when you wondering world journey. Oh my angels carry you. Oh, you would know just how much I love you. And how many days must I be around you? Oh, how many times must I wipe those years away? How many storms must I bring you safely through for you to know just how I love you on your food on your table show up when the bills were due. When the pain were ragging your body, I sing out to you were lost in sin and sorrow. My eyes so you would know just how much I love you. Didn't I put food on your table? On your table. Shut up. When my bills were when the pain was dragging my he when you were lost in sorrow. my so you would know just sing you didn't put food on your table every day show up when the bills were when the pain were winging your I feeling down to you when you were lost and still sorrow I to so you so you would know just how much I love you. What amazing God we serve. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Amen. Y'all can be seated for just a minute. We do have a few uh specials this morning. Um praise God. Let me um let me get just a little water here. So I got a praise report here. Um, this concerns my son. They've been up uh, they live up towards Statesville, a little north of Statesville, and they've been down probably for a little better than a week with this crud that's going around. And it's been really nasty for him. And he was two nights ago, he was sitting on the couch just trying to find some comfort and some peace and he started coughing and it was, you know, it was fle and everything else. Well, he cough he was coughing so hard and so violently that he threw up and then he sucked some of it into his lungs. So, he was he was aspirating and he rushed he rushed down to the ER and his while his wife and child slept in the car, they're sick, too. He um they did all kind of stuff to him and I don't even know what all they had to do breathing treatments and and everything. But uh thank the Lord. I talked to him yesterday morning and he's doing he was doing much better yesterday morning than he was the day before after going through you know before going through all this stuff. So we want to thank the Lord uh for taking care of him. Amen. Amen. You know, we've that aspiration that's got to be a hard thing. Um, also, Brother Michael um Omar sent me a couple of things this morning on my phone. Um, he says, "God bless you. Good morning. I have two prayer requests. Uh, first is a patient that he was taking care of. She has called Diana. She requested me to she asked me to request the church to pray for her. uh he didn't specify any you know anything specific. So let's remember uh a patient of brother Michael's named uh Diana and then second prayers for him that he is also down with these flu-l like symptoms and won't be able to attend church this morning. I see sister Rosemary there. So um so let's remember him. This uh we were reading at the house about what this was because Lily's been going through it. It's Uh, it's not the flu, it's like a and adrino virus or something like that. It's flu-l like symptoms. They say that they're milder, but I haven't known anybody who's experienced anything milder, you know, and he's attacking Satan's attacking with this. He's he's attacking our singers here. So, let's um let's stand and uh I'm gonna ask brother Smiling if he doesn't mind coming up and going to the Lord with these requests. Um, we do have some visitors this morning. Well, we have some family members, sorry, from Miami, Florida, uh, Petite Fair, um, from Brother Bernard's Church, Eagle's Temple. So, we want to welcome them. We'll let the the pastor also, um, read that this morning. Praise God. If you haven't unspoken, Amen. Amen. Let us bow. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus Christ. for this day, oh God, that we come before you this morning, oh God, in your precious name. Lord, if there is any sin that is in our heart, any unconfessed sins, Lord, we pray, God, that you would forgive us, oh God. Lord, your life that you live and that you gave unto us that we might have a right to the tree of life. We want to thank you this morning, Lord, for your precious blood, for what you have shed it on Calvar's cross. Lord, it is a glorious thing, Lord, to be able to come to the house of God to worship and to praise your holy name, Lord. Lord, we thank you, Lord God, for even how you blessed on this past week and how you took care of us, oh God. Lord, you give us food to eat, water to drink. Lord, you give us shelter, Lord. Lord, you made a way out of nowhere. Lord, when we were sick, you heal us, oh God. And Lord, those that are on the prayer request, oh God, we pray that you touch their bodies, that you would heal them. Brother John and sister Edith's family, Lord, we pray that you remember them in Brother Michael's prayer. Lord, we pray, oh God, that you deliver them, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord. Oh God, we pray God that you bless the tithe and and the offering, those that give and those that have not. Lord, remember the audition to the church. Oh God, we pray God that you would make a way Lord that the funds will be available for the completion of the audition. Oh God, in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God, Lord, remember our pastor this morning. Oh God, we pray that the Holy Ghost will continue to speak through his lips to our heart. Condition our heart to receive the message on this morning, oh God. Lord, remember the invisible audience, oh God. Lord, we pray that you would continue to bless them, oh God, and give them understanding of the word, the message of the hour that you sending this last day. Lord, you've sent a message to the bride and Lord, we are the bride of the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord. And we thank you, Lord, that you've chosen us, oh Lord, in this last hour, oh God. Lord, remember the sick and the shut in everywhere, Lord. Lord, you say with your stripes, we are healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord, we be careful to give your name the praise and the glory in Jesus Christ's precious name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. God bless you. Amen. Y'all can be seated as the brothers come around. We want to invite Sister Lisa up this morning. Praise God. Everybody happy this morning? Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. This is my desire to honor you, Lord. With all my heart I worship you. All I have within me. I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire. desire to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Sh. She walk down Lord I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I wait, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Oh, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Amen. Praise God. God bless you saints. I am the Lord. I'm the Almighty God and I am the one for whom nothing is too hard. And I am the shepherd and I am the door and I am the good news to the bound and the poor. I am. I am. I am. I am. And I am the righteous one. And I am the lamb. And I am the ram in the bush for Abraham. And I am the ultimate sacrifice for sin. I am your redeemer, the beginning and the end. I am I am. I am. I am. And I am Jehovah. And I am your king. And I am Messiah. David's offspring. And I am your high priest. And I am the Christ. I am the resurrection. And I am the life. I am. I am all that you need. I am. I am. And I am the bread and I am the wine. I am your future. So leave your past behind. And I am the one in the midst of two or three. I am your seven. I am your jubilee. I am. I am. I am. I am and I am hope. I am peace. I am joy. I am rest and I am your comfort. It relieves from your strength. I am grace. I am faith. I am love. I am power. And I am your freedom. in every hour. I am I am I am I am and I am hope. I am peace. I am joy. I am rest and I am your comfort and release from your stress. I am strength. I am faith. I am love. my power and I am freedom in every hour. I am I am I am I am and I am the bread and I am the wine and I am your future. So leave your past behind. And I am the one in the midst to agree. I am your tabernacle. I am your jubilee. Yeah. I am I am I am I am I am Yes. See, abundantly above all. Come on, let's worship this morning that you could ask me. according to the power that work in you. you. God is able to do just what he said he would do. He's going to fulfill every promise to you. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. He a Come on, put your hand together. He ain't take me up. God is able to do. That's what he said he will do. Going to fulfill every promise. Don't you give up on God. He won't. Look at your neighbor. Say he aable. He's able. Come on, put your hands together. God God is able to do just what he said he will do. He's going to fulfill every promise. Don't you give up on God. Don't give up on God. Cuz he won't. He's aable. He's able. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Just right here. Oh, you say car me up. Take me up. Oh, you say oh. He's aable. Let's go with it. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's aable. He's a God's not a man that he liver. He's going to do it. Whatever he said. Whatever he promised, he's going to do it. He's going to do it. If you need him, my God is able. If you need him, my God is able. Whatever you need, he is able. They be able to call on the name, lift up your hand. He's able. I try. He's trying. He's able. He's able. He's able. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's able. Don't give up on God cuz he won't give up on you. Don't give up on God. He want you. Don't give up on God. He won't give up on you. Don't give up on God. Don't give up on God. Give up on you. Anybody ever felt like throwing in a tower? Don't give up for you. Don't give up on life. Don't be up for you. Don't give up on you. Oh, hallelujah. I won't give up on you. Amen. Cuz he's the I am. Amen. Amen. The I am is able. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Sister Victoria was singing that and says, "I am the bread and I am the wine." Brother Brandham used that example of bread with a quarter in your pocket. A little faith can move the mountain. 25 cents worth can buy you bread, the bread of life. Let's get our pastor out here. Amen. Hallelujah. What a wonderful thing. Only believe. Oh believe. All things are possible. Holy believe, holy believe. Oh believe. All things are possible. Let's lift our hands and confess this morning. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord he might all be One more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All righty. Jesus. Jesus Christ is here. All things are possible. Jesus is. Amen. You believe it. So let's give Jesus a big clap. Praise God. He's able. Amen. Whatever you need, he's able. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you very much, musician. God richly bless you. Thank you. Thank you. You may be seated and good to see everybody looking nice and well. Amen. Are you doing okay? Amen. If you're doing okay and you know it, say amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Glory to God. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Amen. Any family members here? I heard that there is a a family member all the way from Miami. But uh Petty Fred, sister Julela, the whole family just stand so we can welcome you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. God richly bless you. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. You are not a visitor. You are part of the family. So here we say amen. We shout. You want to jump. Jump and let God have his own way. Amen. And when you go back home, you just greet the pastor. Greet sister Ela. Greet brother Claudia. Greet sister Ruth. Greet whoever I didn't remember online. All of them. Greet them in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Good to see you, brother Phillip. Amen. God bless you. And Sister Yoket, glory to God. Welcome. Amen. Amen. All the way from Texas. Welcome. Amen. Praise God. Usually my daughter says amen from this corner here. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So, you took her all the way there. So, I will make sure amen are coming from that corner over there. We clear? Okay. He put he he gave me a thumbs up. So I'm I'm going to hear amen coming up from that corner. Amen. Glory to God. All the new subscriber online, God bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. The channel where the message of Brother Brham is yummy. Amen. Amen. You didn't get me good. The channel where the message of brother Brandham is juicy. Amen. Ah, okay. No problem. Praise God. Amen. Amen. I believe we are all up to date with the sermon. We're reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood book, the church ages, 70 weeks of Daniel seals adoption or someone is listening or reading the message of the hour. If you don't do this and you leave and you miss the rapture, uh when you go through the judgment, you will see me on the big screen remembering you church. And God say, "Do you remember these churches and seven and the seals and everything?" So, make sure no one miss the rapture in this church. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. This coming Wednesday, our New Year service, uh, December the 31st will be at 8:30 p.m. How many heard me? So, if you show up at 7:30, no problem. We'll open the church and be on fire praying until we get there. Amen. So, 8:30, we see you in church and we go all the way to midnight. Amen. Amen. Uh, okay. So, we'll have our brothers speaking and everything. If you need the quote anyway, I will read the quote. So, I I I settle everything and make sure you get it. And Lord's willing, we'll try our best to get the Lord's supper on the same uh uh evening. It's not the Lord dinner or the Lord breakfast. It is the Lord's supper. Amen. Amen. So, it have to be done in the evening. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Question and answer for next year. It's on January the 17th. That's our first session for question and answer. And for the young man's meeting, we need to continue on question and answer to make sure we wrap up everything and everybody's on the same page in regard to courtship engagement and everything. So that will be January the 24th. on Tuesday. Remember the prayer uh online it's at 700 p.m. Normally if you can you should be in prayer if you can unless you're working. If you can and you're not working hop on the line because we got people all the way from India on the line and when we are 7 of 700 p.m. here they are 4:00 a.m. in the morning in India. They are waking up to be on prayer service before they go to work and take their children as at 4:00 a.m. in India. Some are overseas in Africa, in Nigeria, they are waking up. So if those people are waking up at 4:00 a.m. and here you came back from work and you say, "No, let me take a break." No, you need prayer. Amen. Amen. Amen. So prayer service at 700 p.m. The link is still the same. Usually I send the link so somebody doesn't say that they lost it or something like that. Amen. You pray for me for the married couple meeting. I sent a message. I'm sorry. I gave the two day but the two date did not work the way uh the two date did not work the way we wanted. The hotel was already booked for those uh for those date. Let me see if this is going to work. Sister Adessa. Praise God. Okay. All righty. Okay. Uhuh. That was a long time. Okay. All right. I see why you were distracted. So now you can focus right here and then we going to get to that later. Amen. Because somebody was reading that instead of listening. So I need I'm a teacher. I'm a teacher. I know my student very well. Amen. Have I say something wrong? I know my I know my student very well. I was uh uh uh there was a connection problem with the weather. So I want to make sure we send uh full connection and uh all the bars are on. Wi-Fi is working correctly. Amen. Shake somebody's hand. Say God bless you. Amen. I know you love the word. So when you have something like that, automatically somebody's trying to figure out what is coming up. Don't worry, we're going to get into that. Amen. Amen. Amen. Okay. So, married couple meeting, the new dates that were given to me by the manager are March the 14th and June the 6. I sent you a message on the group chat. If you didn't respond, so that's not my responsibility. I send it to get a feedback and we got a lot of feedback. So Lord's willing I send the manager the uh an email to confirm it. I usually wanted I mean a confirmation in writing. So just keep March 14th and June the 6th and by God's grace I will confirm it again as soon as I got an okay it finished. So just know it's those dates. So disregard the first date that we gave you. Amen. I received a poll for the young sisters meeting. So I ask a question. Let me know what you want to talk about. So put all your team that you want to talk. Let's sit and then go over things. I don't want to let you too far off and then you begin to forget certain things. Let's regroup again and make sure we all on the same page. Amen. The building project. You can see what's going on. I don't have to talk too much because the building is more louder than me. The building is louder than me. I don't have to say anything. So don't ask me any question. Why is not the building moving? You know what to do. Just do what you got to do and the building will keep moving. We got big bills that we wiping by God's grace. But my wife gave a testimony on Wednesday. I would step outside. I said, "Brother Robert, did you check the mail?" Brother Robert, just turn around and go straight and check the mail. He brought up a letter. I said, "Let's open the testimony together." that we open up $5,000 church. Not from this church, from way up somewhere. But I have to protect the person. I know you going to be online or you already online. I'm going to protect you. But God richly bless you and may God return a thousandfold to what you have done. Amen. It is an invisible audience that send that way way way. If I say the city, you will go there and then some begin to ask who's need. So I'm not going to tell you the city. Just know it's in within the United States. Amen. $5,000. So he help us fight the bill quickly by God's grace. But remember, we are talking about faith. Huh? If you got $20, if Sister Rosemary gave you $20, you know that you already got the evidence. by the Charles, right? We clear so far. Amen. So, I'm so happy to see several of you were sick. Sister Lilies, Sister Bridgen, I don't see Brother Michael and then Sister Yok. If I forget you, Sister Charlene and everything. I understand it's the devil. Amen. When I wake up this morning, I tried to move something and he goes boom. I say, "Oh my god." I say, "I'm drinking water like Sister Rosemary say." Um I I know if I say something wrong uh because she want my kidneys to be uh fine flush completely. I say where is this thing coming up? I say you know what I'm going to start praying. I'm going to pray and I'm going to go to church and I'm here and I'm fine and completely here. Amen. Amen. Amen. So when you're sick and you can stay home, I understand that that's no problem. You can stay home. If you're sick, you can stream. Amen. But be careful. I wanted to avoid this. This is not a rebuke. Uh let me let me clarify this because I know this is not a rebuke. Whoever stay at home, that was legitimate. Even brother Micah who's at home. Brother Michael, this is legitimate. Ah, so let's remove the devil. Whoever sister bridging it to everybody. That was legitimate. Okay. Because you got a conscience. You don't want to get give it to somebody else and things like that and we appreciate it. No problem. Amen. But let me balance things uh a little bit a different way. Amen. So don't go with a gun to a sister or whoever was not there. You are already immune. You are vaccinated. Are we you taking my time? We need to go to the word. Amen. Amen. So all of you are vaccinated and you are immune. If somebody come to you, just give me a call. We clear so far? We clear so far. But I just felt from the Holy Ghost that I need to say this that sometime you need to be careful. When you sick, where do you go? To the hospital. Do you worry about the nurse getting your sickness? No problem with those that stays. Do you worry about the security guy getting sick? Do you worry about the doctor getting sick? No. You are you are you you have enough faith to believe that when I'm getting to the hospital, I will be free, but nobody will get sick. Are we together? Are we together? It is okay to go to the hospital when you don't feel all right. Some of you are afraid. William Marion Brham. Amen. All right. The Bible, brother Brham says in the principles of divine healing. He said the first thing a person does when they get what to say maybe around home you have a few remedies and thing you try. Some have ginger. Are we together? Some have Advil code and sness. Some have all type of a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a small pharmacy that you have at home and you go quickly or benadril or whatever. It's all right. Oh, you don't want to say amen. Brother say the first thing when you get sick, what do you do? Go to your home pharmacy. So everybody should have a pharmacy at home. Hallelujah. Where you keep your vicks and uh have I say something wrong? Uh you're not helping me. You need to go open up your cabinet and get a Tylenol and get a Advil because God heals by medicine. Now, can you say amen? Amen. Can you say amen? Amen. All right. Thank you very much, brother. Brandham say the next thing. When we say the next thing, it means your ginger didn't work. It means your magic solution didn't work. Have I say something wrong? If not, we continue. We close. We go straight to the brother. Brother said in other words if your staff doesn't work if your taleno your robbitum your day quill your n your terra flu your tummy flu all your flu medication if it doesn't work what should we do William Brham brother Brham said the next thing is maybe you do call your doctor. So there is nothing wrong about going to the hospital. Can you say amen? Uh he say you call your doctor. That is a what sensible thing to do. So it's normal, it's reasonable for you to call the doctor. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? So I'm giving you faith for your medication. All right, brother. Faith for the doctor. But I'm going to move to a faith to a different realm. Brother Brandham say, "And if the doctor can do you no good." Amen. Then you got a right to go to who? God. That is what you should do. Call on who? God. And God is the author of what? Circumstance. He can do what? Nothing else can do. When man comes to the end of the land, God can too. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. If you sick, get your medication at home. If you sick, go to the emergency room. If you seek, go to God. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brham says in the message, it is I be not afraid. And now you cry. The sensible thing, the what? Reasonable thing. When you get sick is go to who? The doctor. That is right. When your doctor fails, then you say, "I got to go somewhere else." So there is nothing wrong going to the hospital. Yes, sir. Are we together? Amen. But the rapture is approaching. The rapture is approaching and as the rapture is approaching our faith need to be higher. Amen. That's it. That's it. That's it. Come on, brother. Come on, brother. When you go get uh your terra flu, do you spend money? Yes. When you go to the emergency room, you know why you crying in the emergency room. You're not crying for the medication. You crying for for what is going to follow two weeks after your visit. You crying for $2,000 that is coming in the mail. But there is one that can heal you without a penny because by his trap you were here. Are we together? I am not rebuking anyone. I am I told you I have to preach 10. I won't stay with you in six. I have to push you all the way to 10 all the way to what this message is supposed to produce. Are we together? How many people want to go to the rapture? Now listen to brother Brham. Brother Brham is saying this. Brother Brham say I truly believe when before not after before the church can have what? The rapture. Got to have water rapturing faith. We can't even have faith for divine healing let alone water rapturing faith. So divine healing is elementary faith. Don't worry. Don't worry. Even if you don't want to climb, I will put uh something and then go and pump you up until you continue to go up. Are we together? Are we together? Brother Brandham say before you even get to rapturing faith, divine healing must be normal. That's correct. That's correct, brother. I know. I know very well. And we will continue with faith because we stop in faith. I know exactly. Brother Brandham say got to have a faith that shall change what and quicken this body and what be taken away. How can you believe your body can be changed? Do you think it's an easy thing? No. Brother Brham says, he says, I believe there is a church on its road tonight, a power of what? The living God that man will do what? Speak the word. Where? Here and there. And it shall flash like water. Lightning. Not God speaking the word. You speaking the word. Not God. You talking life and death is where? In the power of the tongue. Who tongue? William Marion Brham. Glory to God. Brother Brham said, "But look friend, the time is coming that when there is doing what? But rising up a church. If we can't have faith for what divine healing, how are we going to have faith for the rapture? If your faith is always your remedy, if your faith is always urgent care, if your faith is always the hospital, which day it's a sensible thing to do, but when are you going to climb to a faith that you wake up in the morning and you say headache, move out. Yes sir. Without medication. Yes sir. Without worrying about motin affecting my kidneys. Without worrying about Tylenol affecting my liver. A medication without side effect. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Did I rub you the wrong way? If you thought I rub you the wrong way, what is coming up is powerful. Brother Brham says we got to do what? Move out. Move out. Who, friend? We got to get out of this water. Oh, slow church condition that we're in. Do what? Step out and do what? Lunch out. You got to be in office. Yes sir. Yes sir. Not defense offense. Yes sir. Yes sir. In other word in other word when everything is going good you say devil you too quiet. I need to save somebody. I need to pray for somebody. You are on offense. That's it right there. Are we together? Are we together? My friend from Miami say amen. Don't worry. If you need to scream, scream, my friend. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brham say, "Cut the water." Shorelines and do what? Get out into somewhere where you lose all senses of water, fear and doubt. And out there where all feet are what possible brother just as free as he can be. Hallelujah. If you sick, you take your sickness to the hospital. Amen. Amen. Are you afraid taking your sickness to the hospital? Brother Brham, Brother Brham says this in the message life 1957062 paragraph 151. Brother Brham say am I not mistaken? This is sister who? Craig. So, brother Brandham was in church and he looked and he said, "I see is that sister Craig or what?" This is what brother Brandham is saying. Why is brother Brandham saying that about sister Craig? In other words, the prophet is surprised to see Sister Craig in church. Put your seat belt. Amen. Amen. And sister Greg respond. Oh, sister Greg say what? Yes. This is me. In other words, sister Greg confirm that brother Brham it's me. Why is brother Brandham surprised about a believer being in church? Because when church service are open, it's a believer should be there. But brother Brandham sees a Christian, a daughter, a sister in church and brother Brandham say a mom is taken. In other words, brother Brham didn't think that sister should be where she was. What is wrong with sister Craig? Brother Brham say I understand your condition. Who? Sister Craig that you got so sick and you had to what? Leave. So, brother Brham was surprised that sister Greg being so sick was in service. This is not a rebuke. I'm pulling you up. Brother Brham say now look way out there in those desert you have done what? Labored away with who? With your husband here for the who? the cause of Christ. The very thing that you have stood for, Sister Craig, is the only thing that can do what? Help you now. And as God's servant and know that we love you and brother Craig here, all of us here at the church and we appreciate your work where in the desert among Indian people. So the sister returned from Indian quickly because she got really sick. But brother Brandham is surprised he's in church. And brother Brandham say and that you come now this is the hospital where this morning. So a church is what? The hospital. Brother Isaac say amen. A church is what? The hospital. A church is what? The hospital. So the same faith you have for CMC for Noan Am I saying something wrong? The same faith you have for CMC, for atrium, for no van, this is also a hospital because you're going to see a doctor over there. But we also got a doctor right here. Can you say amen? Amen. Brother Brandham say this is what the hospital this morning. Here is where the physician stand. That what great one not your physician over there that is limited but this one is unlimited in power. Amen. In other word if there is a legitimate reason you cannot drive you can stay at home and stream. But if you have a little bit of strength bring that sickness to the doctor. You didn't get me well. Brother say the best place to die is in church. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. If you need the coach you see meow bring that sickness to the doctor not to brother Steven. You say listen I'm not feeling good. Uhhuh. Because we got use a little bit something. I will stream but you can drive. Yes, sir. You can talk. It's just a little bit the pen. No, take that pen to church. Come to church lamping. You say me and you to the physician. We going to the urgent care. Yes, sir. I'm taking you to emergency room. Yes sir. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brham say he says they are great one and to perform what that operation we are going to give you some the word of God is how sharper than what a two-edged sword he may want to come down and do what take him away don't have one shadow of that sister Greg all right brother Neville what do you do go and anoint in other way the doctor assistant are coming brother Neville bring the oil let's anoint anoint the sick. And let's pray for the sick so the sick will go home healed. Are we together? Are we together? When you get sick, get medication from your home. When you get sick, go to the doctor. But remember remember when you get sick, there is a God. Amen. You don't feel okay, don't stay at home. Amen. That's it. Go to church. Go to church. You say, "I'm going to the hospital." And over there when the word is coming, I sent my word and my word healed them. The word is coming with a healing because the word is spirit and life. Are we together? How many times have you got to church feeling very bad at home and sometime you say I don't want to go and you force yourself and by the time the sermon started you forgot about everything before you know it you the one testifying outside what happened to you came at the hospital and the physician heal you sir are we together sir are we together sir when you sick don't stay in the nursery. Come back where the fire is. You didn't get me well. You didn't get me well. Brother Tony was brother Tony was preaching here about the Holy Ghost. The anointing drop. A sister was right here. She's right here. She fell right pump unconscious. Amen. Did you go home unconscious? No. What happened to you? We pray right here. She was risen up and I went all the way to McDonald and buy her food. Because you are in the presence of the king. This is the emergency room. We got spiritual scanner that can scan your life and see where your problem is because the word will discern. We got the great physician here. When you sick and you can move, bring that sickness to church. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Shake somebody's hand. Say, God richly bless you. It is the balance between medical doctor and God. Are we together? Are we together? When your child is sick, give medication. Yes, sir. If it doesn't work, before you give the medication, pray. Are we together? You say, "Father, you see these pills here? I call them the stones of David. You the God that anointed the stone of David. Anoint these pills as they going into my child. May that fall down. Open your mouth. Get the taleno. It's no longer taleno. It is anointed taleno. I hope we are together. I hope we get together. I hope you are together. You who take blood pressure medication every day, talk to the medication. Take the medication you need to be anointed. Are we together? Are we together? If you going to the hospital, you say, "Father, as I'm going to the hospital, anoint that doctor. I know he's limited. I know he can put things together, but he's not a healer. But you told me you can heal through medicine. I pray I don't spend seven hours over there. Open up the way over there. Give me a good doctor that believe in you. Are we together? And if you don't want to go to the hospital, then take God and his word. Are we together? Are we together? A whole message has already been preached. Flight attendant, prepare for takeoff. Let's stand for the reading of the word. Are we together? Amen. So no rebuke to anyone. Amen. But God is telling you the time has come. Yes, there is. Yes, sir. Begin to look higher, higher, higher. Yes sir. Absolutely. I appreciate if you want to say you say I'm coughing. No problem. We understand that. But if you say you know what I'm coughing, I put a mask. Let me go to the church with my mask on. Father, I came with my mask. I don't want to go with my mask. I don't want to go there and then somebody else get sick. Neutralize this thing. My friend, what happen if you take a fly and you bring him to the fire? The fire will roast the fly and the Holy Ghost fly fire will rust your disease. It will barbecue the disease. Amen. Amen. Church, it's a mother of faith. Yes, we got used to the system. Medication, medication, medication, medication, medication, medic. And the pharmacist are making money every every winter. Then we start buying Tylenol. Tylenol. It's a circle. Every single Are we together? Are we together? Some of you are lost. Are we together? Ah, praise God. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this morning. Father, thanking you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for healing people based on what we spoke. Father, people are touched and they are healed. Not only here but even in invisible audience. Lord, this is as far as I can go with the ability you have given me. Father when he come to speaking and ministering to your people, he only take the supernatural Holy Ghost to come and take over. May you move me out and the audience completely out. May you come and speak to us so Lord Father in Jesus precious name. Amen. Let's go to Exodus 34. So everything I spoke, it's not in my time. You the one causing all of this. Amen. I was at home. I already finished my sermon and then you need to put this. You need to I want to remove leave that. Leave that because somebody's doing something and the Holy Spirit is saying so these quotes are not coming from me. You the one whatever you doing at home. You the one putting quotes here. You the one with 92 part 95. It's you. Amen. Amen. My subject this morning it's our life journey through Joseph 5 garment part 92 and our theme if we can is the 10 pounds. Oh Lord have mercy. I was told not to ask you. Can we continue? I was forbidden not to do that. Amen. But when he come in that time, when he come in that time, you know what I'm saying? You understand what I'm saying? Oh Lord have mercy. You are more free than me. The 10 pound parable season. Oh, praise God. In other words, the season of the parable of the 10 pound. Last week, it was a mysterious. It's no longer mystery. You understand this now? Now, it's the real season. Exodus 34. Let's go. If I have to skip some scripture, I got to skip it. Let's go verse one just to give you a clear uh preview quick. And the Lord said to who? Moses, you may be seated. You you two tables of stone like the water the first and write upon this table and and I will write upon this table the word that were in the water first tables in the first table which you broke. So you understand clearly this is the new table without any writing on it. We clear so far? Amen. We clear so far. So Moses have to take the stone. You understand what it means now? Nothing written in it. Take it all the way to the peak of the mountain where there is a cloud and God will come there with a thunder. With thunders. Amen. But Moses is given the ability to understand the thunders. Are we together? So when you hearing thunder, Moses is not hearing thunders. And Moses take the thunder. Amen. and wrote them over and God begin to write the thunder over there. Amen. Amen. Amen. So when you So the thunder moved from a thunder to a written word. Amen. Amen. Amen. The stone were only a recording method of that time. Don't start like this. we need to move. They didn't have a a a camera to record it. So to record, they needed to use a stone. So the stone was only a recording. Amen. Amen. So the stone was the recording of the thunder. It was a storage. Amen. It was a recording device. Are we together? Are we together? So if you want to play, play, push, play, you just pull the stone and you push and the stone begin to tell you not the natural thunder but the what the thunder says. Are we together? Because God came down upon a cloud. To interpret the thunder, God have to come as a cloud on a mountain. Are we together? Amen. Let's go to verse two. And be ready when in the morning. And come up where? In the morning to Mount water. So you have to be a mountain. And present yourself there to me in the top of water, the mount. Jump to verse uh five. And the Lord descended how? In the cloud. Are we clear now? Amen. In the cloud and stood. You remember he's standing right there? I don't want to get I mean taken with that standing. He's standing with him there and proclaim what? The name of the Lord. We clear so far. Amen. I'm skipping again. Let's go to verse 28. Beautiful. And he was there in the mountain with the Lord how many days? 40 days. And what? 40 nights. And he did neither eat bread nor water. Drink water. And he wrote upon the tables the words of the covenant, the water, the ten commandments. And it came to pass when Moses came down from Mount Sana with the two table of the testimony in Moses hand when he came down. Amen. In other word, God came down with a cloud and God spoke in a thunder. Amen. But the message was not given to Israel. The message was given to a prophet. Are we together? It is the prophet that take the message now toward Israel. Amen. Israel didn't receive a message directly. I hope we are together. God is talking to Moses alone. And giving Moses the message. Amen. And Moses leaving the mountain, he live not the way he went. Amen. When Moses is coming back from the mountain, Moses is loaded. Amen. Amen. With the message of God for the people. Amen. And that message is the thunders of God. Amen. Are we are we together? So Mo Moses no interpretation of thunders. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. So the one who came down on the mountain is Revelation 10:1. Amen. But the one who went in the mountain is Revelation 10:7. Revelation 10:7 receive things from the third one and bring it to the bride. Bring it to the people. Amen. And what he brings is not the noise but the interpretation of the thunders. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. So when Moses is coming with the interpretation of the thunder, something happened to his face. We clear now? We are we clear? Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Verse 29. And it came to pass when Moses did what? Came down from Mount Si that with the water. Two tables of testimony in water. Moses hand. when he came down from the mount that Moses what was not that the skin of his face he didn't know that the skin of his face did what shown while he talked with him so God anointed or touch or the reflection of God was seen only in the head this is Moses nothing reflect ed the glory. Only the head, only the head. The head of a prophet. Amen. Normally, normally normally this thing should be God himself. Normally, it was God himself to go straight to Israel and talk to Israel. Amen. But because Israel could not withstand the electricity, the voltage of God. So God have to use a veil, he has to borrow, a body and through that body, he reflect himself in an intensity that Israel can stand. But even in that intensity, Israel was still afraid. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Verse 30. And when Aaron and all the what? Children of Israel. So who? Moses. Behold, the skin of his face did what? Shown. And they were how? Afraid to come nigh him. Job 2:33. And until Moses has done speaking with them, he did what? He put a veil on his face. Uh-huh. He put a veil on his face. And a a veil on his face. But when Moses went in before the Lord to speak with him, he did what? He took the veil off until he came out. Are we together? Amen. So when Moses is talking to God, no veil and God is transferring energy. Amen. From himself to Moses. When Moses battery is full, are we together? Amen. Moses put the veil and he come down in a mountain. So when you see a man coming down with a head veil, just know they got some thunders are there. He's bringing the interpretation of the thunders. And when he speak, it is God that is talking. It is no more Moses. Amen. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. Verse uh 34. But when Moses went in before the Lord to speak with him, this is the third time we're reading this. So you should be now saying amen without any problem. Amen. He said he took the veil off until he came out. And he came out and spoke to the children of who? Israel. That which he was what? Commanded. So when he's coming, he's coming with a command. That's correct, brother. Amen. Amen. Verse five. And the children of Israel saw the face of Moses that what? The skin of Moses face shown. And Moses put what? The veil upon his face again. Uh-huh. Until he went to speak with what? So we found a veil that is veiling ahead of somebody. What does he mean? Let's go to second Corinthian 3. And how does this go with the parable of the 10 pound? If you give me time, 2 Corinthians chapter 3. If you dare, you can say amen. Verse seven and 8. We almost finished. You did very good and I'm proud of you. Congratulations. Amen. Verse seven. But if the ministration of what? In other words, the ministry of death written and engraved where was how? So that the children of Israel could not steadfastly behold the face of Moses for the what? The glory of his countenance. So the veil was blocking the glory. The glory of his countenance. Which glory was to be how? turn away. How shall not the ministration or the ministry of the spirit be rather than what? Glory. In other word, the word was coming. Moses was a shadow. Amen. Moses was a type. Amen. He was only pointing towards something. Amen. And what was coming was more powerful. Amen. More glorious than what Moses had. Amen. Are we together? Amen. We clear so far? Amen. All right, let's begin our sermon. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. We found out that in John chapter 6, buckle up my friend. Verse 70, the Bible say Jesus say Jesus answered them and say, "Have I not what? Chosen you 12." Jesus chose 12 disciple and he say and one of them is what? The devil. So call is not the end. No sir. Many are called but the chosen are we together? He chose 12 but one of them was a devil. So the true bread among the disciple was only 11 people. Are we together? But be careful. This one here preached the gospel. No, that's that's easy for you. Jesus say, "Have I not chosen you?" What? One of you is what? A devil. That devil preached the gospel. Can you say amen? That devil prayed for the sick. Amen. And the sick got healed. Amen. But it was a devil. Are we together? So the ministry of the son of man. Are we together? Usually pull two kinds of preacher. Can you say amen? Amen. He usually pull two kind of ministry. You will see preacher that are true Brad and they will be added that are devils. It's hard to say. But be careful. Those devil will preach the message for a while. That's right. That's right. Those devil will do miracles. Uh-huh. Are we together? Amen. until a certain level. Uhhuh. So be careful with miracle. Amen. And healing. Amen. Lord, Lord, have we not cast that out devil? That's right. Have we not prophesy? And the Lord say, I never knew you. So the ministry of the son of man or in plain word, the message of brother have two kind of preachers. He has predestinated preachers and devil preacher. That's why you watch which church you going to. Are we together? Judah may preach the gospel and after a while he will deviate. After a while, he would detach from the group. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Because of the problem that was already it's obvious. If you detach from the from the message, Amen. you collapse. So, a new invention is coming. It's already on where we detach from the message but we stay in the message. Yes sir. The p the first the first lineage of Judah was leaving the message and when they leave they collapse. They lose everything because the message is what build them up. So are they that are still among the group already caught their vision that if you publicly denounce the message you will lose your paycheck. Can you say amen? So because of that we will stay in the message but don't get the people too deep. Give them enough religion, but don't take them in the third pool. You don't get me, my friend. Preach, brother. I don't know. Preach to them like Baptist. Preach to them like Pentecostal. Preach to them like Methodist. But don't get into the mysteries because the mysteries is where life is. Amen. Amen. Keep them warm up. Microwave the congregation. Microwave the congregation. Keep the congregation warm up. Are we together? Are we together? But don't touch the staff. Am I reading a different Bible? Who chose Judah? Who gave Judah the ministry? Jesus himself and he himself said, "But it's a devil." So if somebody don't like the message, don't worry. It's only an indication that the message is right. You don't understand me. If everybody that that believe the message, no one have refused the message, something is wrong with the message because Jesus Christ is the same. Whatever they did to him, they must do it now. When they begin to leave the message, we say good stuff. Now we know what we got. Now we got the son of man. Now we know for sure we are in the right place because whatever Judah did never influence other disciple. I hope we together. I hope we together. In John chapter 6 verse 66 666 it was not only the minister the congregation the disciple many of them left Jesus Christ. Why? Because he saying except the man eat water and drink water. They had a problem with that mystery. Are we together? Are we together? and they begin to leave all of them. And Jesus turned around. Amen. He didn't worry about losing people in the congregation. He look at the 11. He said, "What are you doing? You are so good." Amen. But the spokesman Peter came out. He said, "Why do we go in eternity? Me and you, we're dancing together. We come with you. We come from you. Where do we go? I don't know if we're together. I don't know if we're together. In other word, in other word, what Peter was telling Jesus Christ, he said, "Do you know where our address is? Our address is in heaven." So where do we go in hell? We don't have an address there. Where else should we go? You the only one that have eternal life. Amen. Amen. Can you swallow this? I'm just appetizing. Can you swallow this? Peter say that without the Holy Ghost, Did I say something wrong? Peter got the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost. In other words, even if you're not born again yet, no one can move you from this message because it's a matter of the seed. I don't understand everything. I don't know everything. But I just know one thing. There is something in me that love this message. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I have chosen you to have One of you is a devil. So don't be surprised in the group that is called from God. Devils are there. I didn't call them devil. Jesus say devil. Son of hell. Son of predestination. Are we together? And if you notice he always attached to money. All he worry about is ti and offering. It's a paycheck, but it's not about the soul. He's warming the message because of a paycheck. Are we together? Are we together? In John 13, Jesus looked at Judah. He said, "Whatever you want to do, Jesus didn't say, "Brother, why are you leaving the message, brother? You don't understand this truth." He say, "No, I know what you want to do. Do it." And do it how? Quickly. In other words, make your show quickly. Amen. Put it on YouTube quickly. Put it on YouTube quickly. When you finish with all your evidence and stupidity, then the word unfold. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Now when Judah is out, go visit. Go search your Bible. Jesus never called the disciple children. Only when Judah was out, when Judah was out, he said, "Children, because he knew now these are mine." Uh, all that the father given me, I will lose none except Judah. Are we together? So when Judah left the message, sir. When he left the message, now Jesus came back again. Yes. He says that ye have not what chosen me but I have what chosen you. Why is he repeating choosing again? He already said choosing in John 6. Now he comes back and say you know what you didn't choose me. I am the one that look at the at the at the at the whole sheet and I cut you off. And I say I pull this. This is the bride. Amen. I am the one that chose you and did what? Ordained you that you should do what? Go bring forth fruit. Bring forth water. Fruit. If you are bringing fruit, where is the fruit? Inside of you. The fruit only come out. The fruit must be first in you for you to bring fruit. And the fruit is a seed. And a seed tells your nature. Are we together? So when you bringing the fruit, it shows the nature of the tree that you are. Are we together? Amen. And brother Brham said the fruit was the word. Amen. So you must be the word to produce the word. Amen. Because every seed must reproduce after its own kind. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. We clear so far now. Amen. Let's go to Luke 19 where we were in our parable where we left off. You're doing very good today. Are we together? Let's go to Luke 19 verse uh 11. Amen. Remember this parable is in the house of Zakius. It's a parable in the house of a rich man. Jesus went to the rich man house. Yes, sir. And from the rich man house, he came up with a parable of money from the rich man house. Amen. Is my Bible different? Verse one said uh uh who uh Zakius verse two he says Zakius which was a chief among the publican he was what? He was in this house. Instead of Jesus using other different parable, he begin to use money. In a rich man house amen. Okay. Verse 11. And as they heard these things, he did what? Added and spoke. After he spoke about Zakius, I'm just touching so we come up. After they heard these things, he added and spoke what? A parable. Because he was near what? to Jerusalem and because they thought that the kingdom of God should immediately have appeared. Remember last Sunday we told you the expectation of the Jews. The Jews were waiting for the Messiah to come and deliver them from the Roman Empire. But at that time Rome was a nion. Yes, it was. Remember the image of Nebuchadnezzar. First you got gold and then you got the brass and got you got the silver and then after the silver you got two feet the Roman west and east Roman sir. Are we together? And the two Roman were at that time iron. But the Bible said that the stone came came from the mountain and that stone never hit the head. I hope we are together. He never hit the chest. He never hit the hips. He never hit even the leg. He went to the feet. The feet is when Rome have changed. Please keep your seat belts. Rome have changed from a pagan Rome to a paper Rome. Because at that time Rome was dominating everybody. But today Rome is not dominating everybody. It is the United States that is dominating everybody. Are we together? But the storm will come when Rome is dominating everybody. Not in the national level, but in the spiritual level. Where iron and clay are mixed together. I hope we are together. Please keep your seat belt. I'm climbing, my friend. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. So when Jesus was born, everybody knew he was a king. He was a birth of a king. The major say, "Where is the king of the Jews?" We have seen his star. The star of the king. And we have come to do what? Are we together? Are we together? So when Jesus is going to Jerusalem, everybody say that's it. Now finally the Roman we are finished with you. So everybody's getting ready for Jesus to become the new king and take over Israel and restore Israel to the time of Solomon. Because a greater than Solomon was here. When he say greater than Solomon was here. In other words, I am the God that I have come here. Is said praise the Lord. Now we will be free. Are we together? Are we together? This belief was so strong even among the disciple of Jesus Christ. Are we together? And this is the reason why the Bible is saying in verse 11 that Jesus wanted to correct them. Yes sir. Yes sir. Jesus wanted to refocus them. Jesus wanted to give them the proper sequence of things before he rule as a king. He was born a king but he was not coming to rule as a king yet he was not coming to take over the kingdom of the world. Are we together? And the disciple had a hard time. Amen. Jesus is explaining this before his death. But after Jesus is dead, still the disciples struggle. Yes, they did. The Bible says this, my friend, in the book of Luke 24, let's stay focused, my friend. Verse 18, and the one of them whose name was who? Cleopus. Answering. I put this to help you so you don't have to flip pages. So, I was the one working on your on your place. So all you have to do is chill out and focus. Are we together? Amen. He says answering say unto him, "Are thou the art are thou only a what? A stranger in Jerusalem and has not known these things which are come to pass in the water in these days." And he says unto them, "What things?" Like he didn't know what he was asking. Amen. And they say unto him concerning who? Jesus of Nazareth, which was what? A prophet. How? mighty indeed and word before God and what and all the people had the chief priest and the ruler did what? Delivered him to be condemned to death and have done what? Have crucified him. But we trusted we trusted that he had been he Jesus Christ which should have what? Redeemed Israel. The word redeem means deliver Israel. That's right. Amen. Are we together? In other words, they were going sad because Jesus told them, "Why are you sad? What kind of conversation do you have? You don't know what happened. What happened? This Jesus, in other words, our hope, we thought this is the man that will come and deliver Israel." But now it's three days and we hearing some women are telling us Jesus look at them, he say, "You fools. Are we together? Are we together? Because they still believe that the Messiah was supposed to deliver Israel. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. When Jesus display himself and all the disciples show him saw him, he came up. He said, "All power in heaven and earth is given unto him." The disciples say that's it. Now all power in heaven and earth is given on him. So now ah we got it in the book of acts chapter one verse 6 the bible say when they therefore will come how together they ask of him after the resurrection they say lord will thou at this time do what? Restore again the kingdom to Israel. So still they're saying wait a minute. So now that all power in heaven and earth is given unto you. So now this is the time that you going to restore the kingdom of Israel. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Job to verse 12, my friend. Verse 12. And he said, therefore, he's correcting their expectation. A certain what? Noble man. Remember noble man is a noble birth. A noble man. Amen. Amen. From a noble birth. And another translation in the Greek say he was royal. A man of royalty. Amen. Amen. A noble man went into a what? Far country. I gave you the quote again during the week. Far country means what? Heaven. Amen. So he's telling them, listen, the noble man must go to heaven. Are we together? To a far country to receive what? For himself a kingdom and to do what? Return. So he was crowned here with stone. Yes. Amen. Because they rejected his kingdom. I'm going to get to that. Amen. But he need to be crowned king. When are we together? So he's telling them that the expectation you waiting it's not now. I must first go to heaven. And when I'm going to heaven, I'm going in the royal lineage of David. Then when I get there, I will be crowned. I will receive a kingdom. Are we together? And when I receive the kingdom, I will come back. So when he's coming back, he's coming back as a king. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. He's coming back in Revelation 19, King of King, Lord of Lord, with a crown and everything. And he's coming to take over. The kingdom of this world will become the kingdom of our Lord. Are we all together? Are we together? Now listen to this. When they ask him a question, they say, "Will you at this time restore again the kingdom of water to Israel?" And he says unto them, "It is not for you to know what the times and the what or the seasons." Do you see the word season? Which the father has put where? In his own power. But but follow me carefully. Ye shall receive what? Power. In other words, he's telling them, "Hey, you don't have to worry about the restoration. What you need to focus on now, listen, my friend, let's focus here. Let's let's focus here. This is a surgery, my friend." Amen. The disciple were coming again. They said, "Listen, now all power are given to you. So you will restore the kingdom. Now in other words, are we going to take the White House right now? He says, "No, leave the White House alone." There are time and season that are there. What you need to focus right now is I'm going to deliver something to you. Amen. There is something that I'm going to give you. I'm going I'm going to give you something. I hope we are together. In other words, focus on what I'm going to give you and leave the time alone. I hope we are together. Are we together? Brother, the Bible say, "But ye shall do what? Receive power." Receive power. Remember the word power? After what? That the Holy Ghost has come upon you. So the Holy Ghost is going to come. And when the Holy Ghost come, he will give you power. Power. Follow me, my friend. Amen. After the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be what? Witnesses where? Unto me where? Both in Jerusalem and water and in all Judea and water in all Samaria and to what? uttermost part of the earth. In other words, before we talk about me ruling, the gospel must go everywhere. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. The gospel must be preached to every nation. When the gospel is preached to every nation, Then the end will come. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? And when he had spoken what these things while they did what? Beheld. He was what? Take it up. He took his journey. He get into the jet. When he finished, he said, "Hey, I already told you I'm going to a far away country." He get into a jet. The Bible say he was taken up and what? Clouds did what? received him out of their sight. So he went into a far country. Yes, sir. Are we together? But for me to return, are we together? Yes. Are we together? The gospel must go everywhere. Are we together? We clear so far? But when Jesus came, what did he bring? Yes, ma'am. The Bible says this in the book of Galatians 3:23. But before what? Faith came. So faith was not there yet. All right. That's correct. Amen. Before faith came. Amen. There was a faith that was supposed to come. Are we together? Some of you don't have work tomorrow. Let's focus. There is a faith that was supposed to come. But Paul is saying before that faith came. Follow me. Amen. Before faith came, This pound here in the parable was money. And we found out last week that money was faith. Now, now we clear. Amen. But before faith came. Are we together? We were kept what? Under the law. How? Shut up into unto the faith. We were shut up. We were locked onto waiting for the faith which should what afterwards be revealed. So when Jesus Christ came, Jesus brought that faith. That faith was crushed. I hope we together. I hope we are together. My friend, this is a surgery. Are we together? So when Jesus Christ came, he didn't just come like that. He brought faith. Are we together? But before he leave, he must leave something to the servant. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. Job to verse 13. Job to verse 13. The Bible say, "And he called what? His 10 servants." How many servant do we have? 10 servants. 10 servant and did what? And delivered them 10 pounds. He delivered them 10 pound. How many servant do we have? 10 servant. How many pound do we have? 10. 10 divided by 10 equal what? One. So one pound per servant. Follow me my friend. Are we together? One pound per servant. One pound per servant. Are we together? Amen. And we find out that what he delivered them. Brother Brham say he was faith because faith came with Jesus Christ. And look on the verse 13 the Bible say and he called the what? His 10 servants. His 10 servant and did what? Delivered them. Stop. And did what? Delivered them. And did what? Delivered. Which word is used there? Delivered. The word that is used there is delivered. Uhhuh. Follow me church. Amen. Amen. Watch Jude chapter one. The Bible say, "Beloved, when I gave all what?" Diligence. To write unto you of what? The common salvation. It was needful for me to write unto you and to exalt that you should what? Earnestly content for the faith. Content for the what? Faith. That was what? Was what? Delivered unto the saints. I don't hear amen from there. The church that was on was what? Delivered. How many times was he delivered? He was once delivered and he goes away because faith came with Jesus Christ. But before Jesus goes to heaven, are we together? He took faith and delivered one time for the church. And Jude is saying fight for that faith. Content. You don't get me. Brother Brandham, brother Brandham preach the faith that was once delivered to the saints like five or six sermon. Go listen to that. Content is not like brother Charles, please don't preach those things. Content is to fight to stand for that faith. L content content is not brothers and sisters in love. We need to preach the message. Why we going away from the message? That's not contending. Content is we need to get back in line. Let's go back to the message. Let's bring the message. Give me the message or nothing. We need to stand and fight. I don't know if we together. Why do you fight for it? Because God delivered. It's a delivery. When something is delivered, it means he was sent for your address for you. It was You don't really get what I'm saying. I don't have any choice. Sister Tza buy something on Amazon. Amazon and she bought her dress. Yes. And her dress come and they deliver her the dress and she get her dress and you come you say give me that dress. What will sister say? That's your dress. If you continue I call the police because I I must contact it's for me. It is my dress. It's delivered for me. I understand my friend maybe some of you this message is not for you but to me I will send you Elijah Elijah the prophet Elijah will stand with a package to give it to me and when I receive it don't you touch the message. I don't know if you understand. Don't never come in my house and touch the message of brother. I will open up the door and say leave. Don't you never stand here and blab about the message of brother. I must fight for the message. Are we together? Are we together? Because the faith was delivered how many time? Once. And Malachi 4 have to restore because he was already delivered. He must only bring you back. Restore you back to the faith that was once delivered. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because the faith was given only one time, not twice, one time. Because it's hidden one time, you only have one shot. So protect it. Fight for it. Cherish it. You don't understand what I'm saying. You don't understand what I'm saying. You get on the airport at the airport. You get you get your your boarding pass and you get that boarding pass and you already cross all the taking off the shoes and everything and you already there and you lose the boarding pass. You can say all you want. We need another boarding pass. So I already got one boarding pass. I can't play with it because it's my flight. It is my flight. I can't miss this flight. This flight of rapture. I can't miss it for you. I won't miss it for you. I must fight for it. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. That's why when we crossing game with the message, I have zero tolerance because it was given to me once and God already restore it back. So why should I play with it again? Who's going to restore it again? Are we together? Are we together? We clear so far. We clear so far. He took the money and he gave it. Verse uh uh 13. And he called his 10 servant and delivered them how many pounds? 10. And say unto them, do what? Occupy till I come. So the master, the noble man didn't want his servant to be add. Some of you I feel I don't understand. The noble man didn't want when he's away the servant just sit down doing nothing. No, he wanted his he wanted his servant to be working. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. But he got to give them something to work with. And he delivered the pound. And he said, "Do business." Amen. It is my business. But I put my business in you. Do my business when you work. When I'm away, I hope we are together. In other words, the pan was never given to stay at all. Are we together? Are we together? This faith that we talking about was not given to you. Yes. So you put it like this and you say, "Wow, this is a good water. It is deer park. It looks so good." No, he was not given for that. He was given to work. In other word, when God gave the faith, he automatically put to put the church to business. The father's business. Amen. The father's business. The business of the father when I'm away before I come back. When I come back, that's why the Bible say God will answer his elect that cry unto him how but when the son of man cometh shall he find he need to find faith. Are we together? When he's coming, he need to find faith. Because he deliver faith. He need to find faith. Are we together? So when Jesus is the way, the servant must get to work. Catch it right there, brother. Are we together? Are we together? Uhoh. We found out that the pound means what? I gave you the verse. It's verse 20 and 23. It means what? And then we find that money was what? This is where we stop. Amen. I was told not to ask you a question, but you know what I'm saying. Can I continue? Can Can I continue? I have not looked at my clock yet. Can I continue? I didn't You know you You need to You know what I'm saying? Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Oh, come on, man. What is coming is powerful, but you must be enough. Are you promise you're going to be alive? Are you promising? Do you promise? Brother Enoch, did you promise? Okay. Brother Enoch say yes. Brother Tine smile. So everything is good. Are we together? Brother Brandham says this. I'm going to read this quick. Let's go. Brother Benjamin. He says, "Then he had a what? A little scrap bit. A loot script bag and not only that but the script bag really in one pocket he carries what? Money. And the script means what? Money. So he carries what? Money in. What is it? What is that? The money is what? A purchase of power. In other word if you needs to get something you need first to get money. Yes sir. Because money is vague. Money can become what your desire says. I told you. I told you. Stay focused. Money is the means is the channel that operate your desire. Are we together? Amen. Brother Mickey want to eat a salmon because he love fish with like me. Brother Mickey want to eat a salmon. Amen. This is brother Mickey right here. I'm just giving an idea. There's a desire of brother Mickey right here. And the desire is a salmon. Amen. But salmon means diero. Can you say amen? Amen. Then the salmon have to grow through money. Amen. Amen. Amen. So when salmon is when brother Mickey get money, Amen. Brother Mickey will take his desire and associate or couple the desire with the money he got with the $20 he got. Are we together? Now the $20 is no longer $20. The $20 became a potential sermon, my friend. We will break this down until a baby will scream amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Amen. Once once Solomon is connected to money, this is no more money. No, it become a potential. It become a substance. A substance salmon. I'm teaching you something that we all struggle for years. He become the substance salmon. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. This substance salmon. Are we together? Are we together? This substance here first bring peace to brother and Mickey. Be careful for nothing. But he never think by what and what? With what? And the peace. I I don't know if we get there. Brother Mickey will say, "I need salmon. I need salmon. I need salmon. I mean salmon." Then sister Rose Mary take 20 dollar bill and say, "Brother Mickey, here we go." When brother Mickey receive the $20. Are we together? Brother Mickey worries is gone. So money kills worry. Money kills worry. Faith kill worry. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. And after bringing peace to brother Mickey, do you follow me? He also bring confession. I don't know if we together. In other words, brother Mickey can turn around and say, "Listen, I got my salmon." Not I need the salmon, but I got my salmon. Church, are we together? Shake somebody. I don't like people sitting quietly. This ain't the time to be sitting around like you. If you if we fine everybody clear now. So he brought it changes now the vocabulary of brother Mickey. Now brother Mickey is no longer worrying about salmon but his worry is to get to launch to launch to attack to attack to to move forward where someone is I don't know if we together I don't know if we are together brother Brham is saying this in other word your money can be custom to a dress that's right to a water that's right to a car to a house that's right to whatever to a medical bill whatever It's just money but it can be many things. Amen. And it can take the form of your desire. It can be immortal and become your desire. It is faith. Faith can become your desire. Jesus. I hope we are together. Brother Brandham says this. He says, he says it is what? Purchase power. Here is what God's script bag. Each traveler or what shepherd out there has a what? A script bag. So now if you want something where out of there some what? Purchasing power. If you are what? Sick. Do what do you do? Reach down here and do what? And let's see what I got in the script bag. What is in the script bag? I'm the Lord that health thee. Brother is calling that money. But I'm the Lord that he thee is a scripture. A scripture. It's a promise. Are we together? But it's a promise that is given to you in a time of a need. When you were healthy, when you were healthy, you won't hear this. No. Because everything is good. But when you begin to go then you hear something say I am the Lord. That's it. Are we are we together? So money is a promise word. A promise a scripture my friend. Amen. A word that is that is given. Amen. in timel of a specific need. Amen. And if you notice that word will match the problem. Yes, sir. Are we together, brother? Brother, I'm say all right, take it out. It's a what? A power. If you work with me, I'm going to get to the Holy Ghost and you will see what the problem is with the Holy Ghost. Last Sunday, you block me. So, let's try to move. Are we together? Ah, and all take it power to buy. Whatsoever that you do what believer when you pray, believe you have what? Receive what you ask for. If you desire it. Remember desire. Brother Mickey desire. If you Today you go with brother Mik home. Brother Mickey desire pray and believe you get it. You shall do what? Have it. Church keep your seat belt. Brother Brandham says this perhaps a what? A a loaf of bread. You I was starving and a loaf of bread will save water my life and I will ask for water the bread and some man will give me water 25 cents. And that is the purchase price of water a loaf of bread. I just explained it right here. I can be just as how happy doing water. holding the 25 cents in my hand as I as as I can with a loaf of bread because it is what the purchasing power then I guarded I have not got bread but I got what the purchasing power well that is what faith we clear down brother Brandham say when you can pray until you get what the assurance you can be just how as happy if the cancer is gone shout just How? As loud. Continue. Because you got the purchase powerh, the faith that moves the thing. Then you're persevering. No one can tell you anything different. You remember brother Charles, no one can tell you anything different. Doesn't matter what anybody say. You got what? Then crossed over the sound barrier. You are how? Freeing, purchased, and being what? Persistent. This is where we stop. Let's pick up now. Brother Brandham says, and now you people here that I have real sick, I want you to listen close. Now that 25 cents is what? Your faith. I hope we are together. Your faith is the purchasing of what? Your healing. Your faith can purchase your healing. Yes sir. Your faith can buy healing. It can get healing. Amen. Don't worry my friend. Brother says, "See, it is what the substance of things hoped for. The what? The evidence of things not seen. You don't have to feel nothing. Brother, the problem in this message. Yes, sir. Amen. Is the problem of feeling. When you come to the pastor to pray for you when we lay hand unconsciously you are expectant to feel something. That's it. That's it. Don't say amen. I'm a human being too. I'm not an angel. Unconsciously you are expecting to even feel something warm. If it's warm you say that prayer work. Oh if you feel you say h it get are we together and the minister themsself get into that until the minister begin to produce that. Hallelujah. And then you are shaking church. We need to climb you up. And the Pentecost will go with you like this until you fall. And when you fall, you come up nothing. But the faith I'm preaching now, you don't have to feel anything. I don't know if you get what I'm saying. In other words, you don't have to rely on your body. No, sir. To tell you whether you got it or not. No sir. You don't feel anything, but it's there. In the beginning was what? The word. That word was logos. And the Bible say everything that was created was created by that. Amen. So God created the world without the body of Jesus Christ. God didn't get in the body of Jesus Christ to begin to create. No, he was outside. So, his faith was without a a a a physical body. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? You don't have to feel water? Nothing. You don't have to taste water? Nothing. Only thing you have to do is what? to believe something. You are believing something. I'm I'm going to help you. He said believing something and it and it becomes how a positive something that you do what? Possess. That is what your faith. So faith have nothing to do with your feeling. Amen. Amen. Father, help me. Amen. Amen. We behave more like Pentecostal than we think. Yes, sir. Amen. We go to the prayer line and I will get you to prayer line. We go to the prayer line. The first person on the floor, everybody behind. For me to receive something, I must be falling on the floor. Then you come next. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You don't feel anything as you're living. But why is so and so falling on the but me? Lord, what is wrong with you? There is nothing wrong with We were just misled too much. That's it. Are we together? Are we together? The Bible, brother Brandham say, "So what is the evidence of your healing when you believe it?" No matter what takes place, you say what? I don't feel better. Let me check the time. Because uh I don't want any problem. Amen. No matter what takes place, you say what? I don't feel better. Don't have nothing to do with it. You got what? The purchase power. You do what? Believe it. You just start what? Dancing a little jig. Don't worry. Some of you are humble. Very humble. It's not your nature. Your nature is calmer. But brother say you start what? Dancing a little J. Go remove it from the message. That's your problem. It's not my nature. You are doing again Jesus in your special way. Who? Papa, you made possible. You will do it again. Jesus in your special way. What seem simple. Those are the song of people that have faith. Are we together? My friend, if you a devil around me, you trouble. I will make you uncomfortable. Brother, brother say you start a little jig saying what? Praise God. I'm going to be where? Because I got what the purchasing power. There you are. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. He's able. Whatever you want, He's able. Whatever you say, He's able. Whatever you desire, He's able. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Flight attendant, prepare for landing. We can continue. Let me let me strike something and we go my friend. Are we together? Are we together? That was the first level of faith and you passed the test. All of you 100. So let me bring the second level of faith. You can swallow that. Are you going to swallow it? Brother Brandham say now faith will do just anything. L I told you faith is the precious power. It can change money. Faith the money of God. Faith will do how? Anything that you have what leader of being done if you suggest what? Put it to work. Yes sir. Yes sir. Occupy, occupy, occupy. Delivery faith, but occupy. Put it to work. Put it to work. My friend, my friend, you won't need healing in heaven. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't worry, I'm pushing 10. Brother Brandham says the totality of the pound are 10 pound. So I'm pushing 10 and you will see what happen. Brother Brandham say faith will do just water. Anything and will do anything that you have of need of being done if you do water. Put it to work. But most churches today in the message that is as far as they teach just do what? Accept Jesus by faith and that settles it. That is like a man was that is like a man was that was eating a slice of water watermelon. He said that was good but there is water some more of it somewhere. So that is the way it is to accept Christ is what good but there is more to it believe the message I believe the message I'm baptized that's no no brother say and then when a man do what accept Christ as what his personal savior then all the good things Oh no, no, no, no, no. You are humble. Some of the good things, all the water, all the good things. You who love trial, all the bad things, no sir. All the water, all the good things. The Christ has what promise is laying right at what? fingertips. You don't know. Everything you need of is where? What do you do with a fingertip? Push the button. It's a nap. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Are we together? Every good thing that God has promised is laying where? Right at his fingertips. Just to do what? Believe it. Brother Brandham continue. He says here, "After this meeting is over, if God willing, we take our vacation, Sister Sharon, and go up in the mountains to hunt. What good? Oh, sorry. What good did he do that man to give him a gun if he's not going to use it? God save you. God heal you. The seven thunders the mystery of God. What good is those mysteries? If the mystery don't become life, are we together? It says it is standing there a water find God but it shall never do no good unless water he uses it. That is the way your faith is. I don't know if you get me. When I tell the young man, I say go walk around where they building new houses. Some of you don't listen. You going to that town. Go where new houses are. You must put it to work. You must push it to work. You don't understand what I'm saying. A grown up young man. You see a new neighborhood. How are you doing, sir? I want to see the models. He will begin to work to bring a new anointing on you. He put you in the channel. I don't know if we together. Brother said that is the way your faith is. Oh, it is a what? Find faith. You do what? You read. You do what? believe and you have a what? An experience with God and you believe. Yeah. But faith without work is how dead. I hope we are together. Faith without work is what? Don't worry. I'm going to the airport. Put it to where? To work. Don't be suffering. Are we together? Are we together? Brother Brandham says this. He says, "And now if people would put if people would do what? If the church would put more do what? That's the word. You would see more things taking place in the church. Listen to me. Listen to me. I don't care what your problem is. I don't care how difficult it is. I don't care how impossible it is. I don't care how no one ever come out of your out of your situation. I don't care if no one have a testimony of your case yet. I don't care. My point is for you to put the work My friend, my friend, aren't you tired of your brain? You go to the doctor, the doctor tells you clearly that there is nothing we can do with this. You will stay on medication the rest of your life. In other words, the doctor told you, "I'm done with you. And then you sit like this. No. And you accept that. Come on. If you don't, it is my time to put it to work. I will say doctor, doctor, I appreciate you. I thank you for being a good doctor. But I want to tell you one thing. I will come back with a testimony. I will come back to testify that my God is alive. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. If not, if not, forget about rapturing faith. Brother Tony, I'm going to open the tire and I'm going to come down. Are we together? Your prayer will be answered soon. I'm going to open the tire and as I'm coming down together are we together? Are we together? Come on. Come on. The Bible brother say he says if the people would put on if the church if spoken word visible an invisible audience will put if the fellow next to you don't want to get it tell him you were not born in the same day like me. You came on your own birthday and let me deal with my own life. If you're not interested, I am. It's talking about me. He says if the church will put more what? Faith to work. To what? To work. You would see what more things taking place in the church. The pastor must stand on Sunday. Which Sunday? Morning. He must stand on Sunday what evening or what? whatever and preach hard on faith in a mighty message. But but if the member don't take the message and stop putting it to work. Are we together? Are we together? I'm here sweating. But if you don't take it and put it to work and put it to work and put it to work, it shall do what? Fall right back. And the birds of the air will pick it up. The bird of the air is the devil. It's in the parable. See? See? Just do what? Take it out. And do what? and put it to work. God want you to do it. Amen. Take the P, occupy. Take the P, occupy. Amen. Get to business. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Don't leave your faith idol. Thank you, Lord. Because in the parable, I will show you later who left the faith. Jesus call him a wicked one. Jesus call him a wicked one. Somebody who doesn't put faith in action. Are we together? Are we together? If I would have waited to get all the money to start this building, we will be standing right here. Amen. Let me hit the tarmac. We can't we can't continue. I got to stop here, my friend. Let me hit the tarmac. I told uh uh uh the deacon, I'm trying to find how to word it up. Yes. In your fancy distinguished way. Are we together? Are we together? You know what happened on the hallway there? You know what happened on the way there? When you are on the line, when you waiting on the line for the next on the hallway there. Yeah. When the door of the bathroom is closed. and you waiting on the line to be the next one. It's painful. It's it's it's disturbing. And if your pro start to begin to do something, it is a problem. Amen. And it's painful because there was no building. Amen. But now that the building is coming up, even if you on the line, you say, "Don't worry, devil. It's just a matter of time. We will have no bathroom. It is no longer painful. We got the substance. Even if you waiting, there is a hope. I'm going to get there. It's a matter of time. I won't be waiting like that. That's how you put your faith in action. Tell the devil from today. You're going to hear a different music. You're going to hear a different confession. You're going to hear a different tongue. You're going to hear a son of God talking. When I wake up, I say, "I'm a son of God. I thank God for healing me. I serve a mighty God. You know what? I'm going to prepare for this. I'm going to prepare for that. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? God want you to put it to work. When you put it to work, it moves God. When you put it to work, what you just did, you took God off. God say what happened? They jump in the fire. There's no way to stay here in heaven because somebody say if we die I will die believing but I won't bow. Are we together? Amen. You need a baby, put it to work. Amen. You need a house, put it to work. You need a husband, put it to work. You need a wife, put it to work. You need the Holy Ghost. Put it to work. Whatever you have need of, put it to work. Faith will give you everything. God bless you. Let's stand, my friend. Thank you Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. Are we together? Are we together? Director is erecting the building. We don't have his money yet. Amen. Did you see me arguing? Do you see me telling him I don't have your money yet? I'm just sitting there waiting. But I know before he finish there before his money will be there. Yes sir. Yes. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? How many corner have you been? I mean push into it. Yes. You still there? Yes sir. Still standing. Amen. Church. This message is a living message. It is a message of stories. Amen. It's a message of life. A message that came to change your life in every aspect. Spiritually, materially, financially, physically, every aspect. Put it to work, my friend. Put it to work. You don't have the money? That's no problem. Go ask Go ask a question. Stop at the dealer. You say, "How much is this van?" Thank you. That's all I want to know. I want to know. Father, I want to start a business. That's the van I want. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Money is faith. Amen. A woman brought $20. We will get to that. We will get to that. Lord's willing next Sunday. You'll see the $20 what he does. It was $20 for the building. But he flipped to a million. Sure did. And I'm going to shock you next week because he flipped to the Holy Ghost. Don't worry. It was money. It was money naturally. But he gave the Holy Ghost. We will get to that. Are we together with somebody who say nothing but the truth? That's all. Amen. That's it. I don't know which box you put yourself in. I don't know which condition you have accepted. And you are so depressed until your body pick up your depression. And your body when people look at your body, even the way you standing, you talking about depression. Just the way you are. It's just depression because it was so it's so much until it's manifested. When people see you, they see just depression. You don't have to tell nobody. When they look at you, they say that woman that is always down like this because it's it's so much in the spirit and the spirit affected the body. Let's pump new energy. Let's pump new energy. If you on the walker, walk with that walker with new energy. Yes. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, thanking you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as you wanted me to go. Thank you, Lord. Lord, I plan for another, but Lord, Father, you knew that this is where we need to stop and you have a reason why. Lord, help this church. Help each individual here and online to put that faith into work. That faith that was once delivered to the saint. Let's put it to work. The faith was already restored by Malachi 4. The problem is not the faith is there. The faith is already there. The faith was delivered once. The faith was broken and restored back. The point is for us to take the faith and put it in the actions. You want to see a reaction from us that confirm to you that we are believing like Abraham. And father, this is what we will do. And we know that you keep your word because the problem in the covenant have never been your side. It has been our side. Father, help us through the Holy Spirit to put everything into the work so that Lord, Father, we can reap the benefit of what you die for in Calvary. Lord, protect each one of us. And whoever drove all the way here sick, Lord, remember them and don't let them because they came into the hospital. May they go back with a reassurance that everything is clear. Amen. And with a strength and a healing because you're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. We commit lord father the remaining of this year unto the hand. Father protect us and take the oncoming week unto the hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you church. We love you. Standing on the promises of Christ, my king. Through eternal ages, let his praises sing. Glory in the highest. I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of God. Standing. Stay me. I'm standing on the promises of God, my savior. Stay standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises that can not fail. When the howling storm goes down and clear by the living word of God, I shall pre standing on the promises of God. Standing, standing, standing on the promises of God my savior. Standing. Standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. I'm standing on the promises. I now can see perfect claiming in the blood for me. Standing in the liberty where Christ makes free. Standing on the Y'all are dismissed. Enjoy your afternoon. Standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of God, my savior. Standing. Standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. I'm standing on the promises of Christ the Lord. Bound to him eternally. My love strong overcoming daily with the spirit sword. Standing on the promises of God. Standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of my savior. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing on the promises I can not fall. Every moment to the sping in my savior as my heart in standing on the promises of God. standing. I'm standing on the pro my standing on the promises of God. I'm standing on the promises of God, my savior. I am standing on the promises of God. Amen. My faith looks up to thee. Thou lamb of Calary. Save your day. Hear me while I pray. Take all my sins away. Oh, let me from this day holy night thy rich Praise him. Straight to my heart. I see his fore to Your hand My friend is now my God. Turn today away. No from me. Corn is free. The great physic now is near. The sides Jesus. He speaks the truth. M hearts to cheer. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Sweetest note in Sarah song. Sweetest name on mortal tongue. Sweetest carol ever sung. Jesus blessed Jesus. Your many sins are all foriven. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Go on your way in peace to heaven and wear a crown with Jesus. Sweetest snow in Sarah song. Sweetest day of mortal. Sweetest carol ever s Jesus present. Let's sing. His name dispels him. His name dispels my guilt and fear no other name but Jesus. Oh, how my soul delights to hear the charing name of Jesus. Sweet as you sest your mortal sweetest terus blessed Jesus. Ah, heat. Heat. Heat.
