################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 65 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 65 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdENRER9BCg
========================================

funny and I'll take her over by Niagara Falls and go over in the Aderondac and do a little hunting. See, so I took her to Benny. It's just a little bitty thing. And so I take her on a honeymoon is on a hunting trip too, you know. So So I thought that'd be a good thing to do. And so I took her up and the I wrote to Mr. Denton, the ranger, was going up on Hurricane Mountain, and I said, "Mr. Denton, I'm coming up. I want to hunt some bear with you this fall." And he said, "Okay, Billy, come on up." So he said, "I'll be up there on a certain certain date." Well, wife and I got there a day early. And Billy and so the cabin was locked up. His little lean to back up on the woods where brother Fred Soph and I went not long ago stood there. The Holy Spirit, I seen him stand there. That yellow light moving around in the bush and Fred standing right there. He said, "Come aside. I want to speak to you." Nor said, "Be careful. They set a trap for you." Said, "Be alert." Is that right, brother Fred? I went and told hundreds of people that night over in Vermont. I said, "Is there a trap set for me? I'm going to see it. I don't know where it's at." And the very next night, there it comes. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh god. [Music] Swing low. Sweet chia [Music] coming for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet cherry, coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet cherry on coming for to carry me home. Swing home. [Music] Sweet cherry [Music] coming for to carry me home. [Music] I looked over Jordan and what did I see coming for to carry me home. A band of angels coming after me. coming for to carry me home. Swingle sweet cherry [Music] coming for to carry me home. Sweet love, sweet cherry, [Music] coming for to carry me home. [Music] Now if you get there before I do coming for to carry me home down all my friends [Music] coming for to car Oh, swing low. [Music] Sweet cherry, [Music] come for to carry me home. Swing low, sweet cherry [Music] coming for to carry me home. [Music] Good morning, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We thank you for this beautiful day you've given us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, for the message you've given us, Lord. This is our chariot, Lord. is this word, Lord. And we thank you, Father. We thank you for the ticket, Lord, that we can ride our way to heaven, Lord God, on this word, Lord. Let us be determined, Lord. No turning back, but just moving forward with you, Lord. Turning every corner that you place before us, Lord. We thank you, Father, today because it's Father's Day here, Lord. And we just want to give credit, Lord, to you, Lord God. I don't have a scripture specifically to read about fathers, Lord, because I feel like the whole word is our example, Lord God. You're our father, Lord. You're Jehovah Gyra, Lord, our provider. You've taught us, Lord, how to be good fathers, Lord. You've taught us how to be good husbands, Lord God, and how to be good Christians, Lord. We want to be the best that we can for our father, Lord. So we ask for our portion of daily bread once again this morning, Father, for this day. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he prepares to bring the word. Bless the songs, Lord, as we prepare to till the soil, Lord, for the seed to fall into it, Lord. We thank you, Father. Bless our musicians. Bless our singers, Lord. Bless our technicians as well, Lord God, that everything run just perfectly smooth for you this morning, Lord. For that's our goal, Lord, to be pleasing to you. You have given us so much, Lord, to be thankful for, Lord God. And we don't we don't want to take it for granted, Lord. And we want to be careful that we give you all the glory for everything that you do in our lives, Lord. You're so good to us, Lord God. There's just no way, no way to fully express it, Lord. If we had 10,000 tongues, Lord, we couldn't say enough about the goodness in our lives that you've provided, Lord, and the mercy, Lord. We all did dumb stuff, Lord, before we came to this message and did some stupid things in our lives, Lord God, and just you'd think we'd have been the worst person never to become a Christian, Lord. But you changed all that, Lord God. We thought we were good church members, Lord, and good message believers even, Lord. But we come to find out, Lord, that you had more for us, Lord God. And you had to pull us away, Lord God. And look what you've done now, Lord. This is this is your credit, Lord. This little assembly, Lord, of believers here, Lord God. The love here, Lord, is just tremendous. And we thank you, Father. So we ask you bless the fathers today, Lord. Bless the families, Lord, that are here. Bless those that are streaming, Lord God. Let the anointing be strong for our pastor this morning, Lord God. And unhindered, Lord, that nothing blocks that word from coming forth. We thank you, Lord. We want to give you all the credit this morning, Lord God. And just ask that you would bless this service, Lord. For we give it back to you, Lord, in the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. You turn around and greet your neighbor and say, "Happy Father's Day." And we're just going to enjoy ourselves and sing a little bit this morning. Amen. [Music] Nice. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Well, I am thinking of the rapture in our blessed home on high when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, how we'll raise our heavenly handsome in that city. Gift the sky with the redee. Oh, when the redee [Music] wash like snow and free from all sin. Oh, I will shout and I will sing when the rain gathering. Oh, there will be a great procession over on the street with the river are gathering in all music singing. All that city will be when the redee Oh, I gathering my guess. I will shout. I will sing. When the rain story with their voices clear and loud with the redee are gathering in the angels will listen for. And I joined that song when the redee are gathering. Yes. In the me [Music] [Music] I will sh [Music] the savior I give honor to praise everyone. [Music] I gather and we'll hear his invitation. Come blessed of the Lord with the redeemer. [Music] I wash my soul from I will shout and I will sing with the [Music] gathering in the sweet and they shall be on A beautiful sh by we shall be on that beautiful show. Now there's a land that is fair [Music] and by faith we have a fly for the father over the wings to prepare us welling places. [Music] We shall be on that beautiful sh and we shall be on that beautiful shore. We shall sing on that beautiful shore. that only a song of the L and our spirit shall sorrow no one [Music] of the sweet we shall be on that Beautiful and we shall be on that beautiful shore to our love. [Music] We shall offer our trial of praise for the glory of his and the blessing that our Lord. We shall be on that beautiful ocean in the sweet and bright. We shall be on that beautiful show. I want to be I want to be. Oh, I'm so glad you want to be. Hallelujah. I want to be I want to be I'm so glad that I can say that I want to be there long [Music] with the finest [Music] now and my heart glory to his name. I'm so glad I want to be. I want to be. Oh, I want to be. Yes, I'm so glad I can say I want to live. I want to live. I'm so glad that I can say that I want to live. How these people [Music] they have to see that Jes And I tell you now what is just I'm so glad that I can say I want to be what I want to do. I'm so glad that I can see what I'm [Music] glad I can say. I don't want my brother this blessing that will win your heart. I will start the joy of ringing and we'll keep this baby now within my glory to me. I'm so glad that I can say I want to live. I want to I'm [Applause] I don't want to be. Oh, I'm so I can I want to I want to I'm [Music] out there. Oh, I'm so glad I can see. And I want to be [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Y'all can be seated for just a minute. He did say we were one of them. That's what 82 uh Psalm 82 is all about, ain't it? Ye are God's. Oh my goodness. I do have some uh praise reports this morning. And we just received one prayer request. I've got two prayer requests. Uh, let me wet the whistle here and we'll read it and uh probably get brother Michael Lomach to come up and pray if he doesn't mind this morning. Happy steak day. Isn't that right, fathers? I just about I'm just about ready, brother. I got to read a few things just about. Yeah, this is not TV dinner day for the fathers. This is Longhorn steak day. See, I knew I'd get one. So, Brother Greg handed me a praise report this morning, and he said, "Like John Ryan, I want to thank the Lord for restoring my sight to 2020." Amen. Praise God. Amen. I I'm going to be honest with y'all. I have never met another brother who believes more in the spoken word and following through on it than Brother Greg. Amen. He is not scared to declare that. Amen. That's wonderful. That's wonderful. Also, U brother D M handed me a praise report this morning. He wants to thank the Lord for getting uh his mom and dad home safe. Amen. And sound from their trip. And also they're thanking God for uh brother Polycarp Junior's graduation yesterday. Amen. So, praise God. Amen. Praise the Lord. Can we stand as I read these prayer requests? Uh and then we'll invite Brother Omar up. Uh Chris, my son-in-law, had to make a emergency trip home to Georgia. Um, if y'all recall a while back, we were praying over over his grandfather and um well, he had another incident. I'll just put it that way. So, um you know, it's pretty goodized scare. So, he took off and uh did what he could. He's on his way home right now. Hopefully, um you know, I'm sure he's listening to the message coming in. So, let's we're asking for traveling mercy for him. And also, Sister Hadassa just handed me um handed me something here to remember her mom, Sister Lurel, in prayer. The devil's fighting her in her body. She was here this morning. I shook her hand, but she had to go back home, so she's not feeling well. So, let's remember her, Brother Michael. And uh I'm sure we all have a Father's Day request for the Lord. If not, just raise your hand for whatever request you got. Amen. And uh let's hold it there to our heart. Amen. God bless you all. Are you happy? Okay. Show it please. Yeah. We want to thank the Lord for gathering us together. Uh we had a Paul Ryan then, but right in the midst of us, we have another one in the name of brother Greg. And we want to thank the Lord for restoring your sight. Let us pray. Precious Lord, we come before you. It is always a pleasure to come before you, Father. We want to thank you for your goodness. Most for your grace. Your word tells us that Noah found grace in the sight of God. And we in this age, we have found grace in you, oh Lord. We have found mercy and we have found love. Father, what you are doing for us, oh God, in this house is tremendous. Lord, preacher after preacher, Lord, you send to us. Oh Lord, we are so thankful for what you speak to our hearts. So father, I thank you for this wonderful congregation. I remember what brother Logos said here. We have a beautiful family here. Thank you for each one of them, oh Lord. Oh Lord for providing you say if you come to me I'll give you another brother and I'll give you another uh family and that's what you have done oh God thank you Lord for the praises that you have been given here Lord father it's like they are sleeping off my mind oh God but remember each one of them the traveling mercies father oh merciful Lord remember each one of them the needs that are in the midst of your children right here and those who are online. Oh father remember them father. Oh father provide for the needs of your children. Unite us together. Come down you are welcome. Just like brother John was saying good morning father come. Welcome. Bless the tithes and authorings of father for the benefit of the gospel father. And as we come to the most precious moment, oh Lord, when our pastor is coming to speak to us, how I pray that you anoint him just like you did with Moses. Let him have the glory of the Lord until his face will shine. Oh Lord, bless us, oh Lord. Speak through him, oh God. Speak words of healing, words of comfort, oh God, and speak salvation to our souls. Thank you, Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray all these things believing and trusting in you, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Y'all can be seated. We have a special this morning. Amen. So, we'll invite Sister Yogth up. Praise the Lord. [Music] Bless you all. [Music] Oh, the blood crimson love price of life's demand. shameful sin placed on him. The hope of every man. Savior son, holy one, slain so I can live. Earth who see the lamb, the great I am who takes away my sin. Oh, the blood of Jesus washes me. Oh, the blood of Jesus shed for me. What a sight. Save my life. Yes, the blood. It is my victory. [Music] Oh, what love. No greater love. Grace, how can it be? Oh, that in my sin. Yes, even then he shed his blood for me. Oh, the blood of Jesus washes me. Oh, the blood of Jesus shed for me. What a sacriice and save my life. Yes, the blood. It is my victory. [Music] And the blood of the lamb of the blood of the lamb. Oh lamb. What a sacrifice that save my life. Yes, the blood. It is my victory. The blood. All the blood of the lamb. [Applause] [Music] Oh, the blood of the lamb. Oh, the blood of the lamb. What a sacriice that saved my life. Yes, the blood. It is my victory. [Music] The blood [Music] that Jesus [Music] shed for me. Ooh, way back on Calary. Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. his power. Oh, sing it reaches. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. [Music] that gives me stren today. It will never before you know it. [Music] to the Lord. [Music] It gives me strength me from day to day. He will never [Music] It will never It will for you. It's [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Woo! Hallelujah. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. [Music] Just my name and it flows to the Lord with all that love from day to day. It will never lose. It will never [Music] be. [Music] Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Thank you, my Jesus. Thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We thank you, Father. Glory to God. Glory to God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Oh, leave me. Let's stand this morning. Oh, leave. [Music] All things are possible, only [Music] believe, only [Music] and thank you. All pain are possible. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Thank you, Lord. Lord, I believe this morning. Lord, I believe. Brother Greg, thank you. Lord, I believe. [Music] Believe [Music] I believe. [Music] I believe. [Music] All things are possible Lord I one more time Jesus is here please [Music] is here yes he's here Jesus [Music] is here. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Jesus sees me. Jesus sees him. [Music] all things are possible [Music] Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Take one minute and worship him. [Applause] Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Father, we thank you for your presence this morning. We thank you for your anointing this morning. We thank you for coming and meeting us, Lord Father. May all the glory, all the honor, Lord Father, return unto you. You who are the author and the finisher of our faith, Father. Lord, we worship you. We magnify your name. We praise you this morning. Be praised and be magnified. Be glorified, Father, in the midst of your children, in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Touch those that are sick. May you heal them, Lord. Touch those that are afflicted, Father. Give them the answer, Lord. Father, touch those that were feeble and give strength to their body, Lord. Father, touch the invisible and the visible audience this morning, Lord. Father, fill with the spirit your children this morning. Give deliverance to those that need deliverance this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. In Jesus name. Let's give him a big clap of Thank you magician. Thank you. Thank you. God bless you. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You might be seated. The Lord will be. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. What a presence this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I was talking to somebody this morning. I say you can be receive the Holy Spirit before you get baptized. Amen. In other words, you can get healed now before even the service finish. Amen. Amen. I pray God that I will have enough time so we can deal with sicknesses today. Amen. Amen. Amen. And see what God has in reserve. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any new subscriber online, God richly bless you. It seems like every day people are still coming in. and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. And uh glory to God. Amen. And we appreciate everybody here. I know my wife uh younger sister, she comes right after my wife. Uh she's here from Kentucky. So, Sister Sarah, just stand so everybody will see you. Welcome to Spoken Word. You might be seated. Amen. Amen. Amen. You can see the resemblance right there. Amen. She's like a tall Samantha. Praise God. Welcome. I will shake hand after service. But we appreciate the Lord for giving us time together. Amen. And then happy father's day to all the fathers in spoken word, visible and invisible. Lord, all the Father, God richly bless you. God bless you, my brother. I don't know the name, but welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Amen. Amen. If I forgot somebody else, I'm sorry, but welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Amen. Glory, glory, glory to God. Lord's willing, we had a candidate for water baptism that pop up early this morning. So Lord's willing at the end of the service we will baptize somebody and you would know that person outside. Amen. Oh man, that person woke up today around uh 3 or 4 a.m. and said she felt a nurge in her heart to be baptized. So God is working. God is real. Amen. God is working. God is real. Amen. Youngsman meeting. Brother Robert, I'm sorry I missed the date, but you confirmed to me the date and then next Sunday we will announce it for courtship part two by God's grace. And remember question and answer in July the 19th. I believe everyone is up to date with the sermon. I believe you're reading your Bible twice a day. You're reading your cood, your church ages, your 70 weeks of tenure. the seal's adoption or somebody is listening to the message of the hour. I cannot forget that by God's grace. If I do, brother Charles, you remind me. So, I'll make sure the church we stay up to date with that one. Amen. So, Lord's willing question and answer July the 19th and the merit couple meeting. I'm waiting for a response from the facility. I'm trying to shoot it for August or September. I'm trying to give you ample time. I don't want to do it too quick because sometime you might have something that is already prepared or you already have maybe a trip or something that is going on. So I usually give like two month or three months so you have ample time to make arrangements so no one misses it and say I was not aware. So once I get the date from the hotel facility, I will send the date in the group chat. So manage to respond quickly so we can seal the date and then we know what to do. And it's going to be part seven. I will see the couple question that they put compare uh in regard to the previous subject. But I want to start with finances and get finances in the marriages. Amen. We need to clear all the trouble in the marriages. We don't want any problem because the devil attack those area. I told you three area. The first one I deal with it here. The second one we already dealt with it. And the third one is finances because that's the probably one of the worst one. And if it's not working fine, it's a trouble. I don't want to leak everything right now because you will take me to a different direction. I already know how you act in this church. So I won't leak anything. So just pray for me. But I'm shooting for August and September. We work in coordination with the deacon and we come up with uh uh a decision. As far as the building goes, you already seen the entire fellowship hall has been dropped over there. That's uh how we did it. I don't know because they were not supposed to bring the material without us paying that off. [Applause] And the amazing part what we were keeping for the fellowship hall is what we use up over there. Jesus will do it. So they call me they say we need the last payment. I was like okay okay the Lord will provide. So now the will bear of meal and oil is very low but God is available. Amen. Amen. Amen. I hope somebody's learning how to live because the tendency we have to wait to receive everything before we actuh. You start moving. I don't want to get ahead of the sermon. You start moving first and God will begin to fill in the best deal. The best deal we can get for the foundation of the fellowship hall is $67,000. We don't have it. I'm already announcing you. We don't have it. God has it. But God has it. Am I going to stop working? No. [Applause] Every little penny I'm getting from the talent. Amen. And I called the me and I said, "Listen, we a small church. We just started. Can we cut and chop these things down? I will teach you on finances how to do that. And he say yes, we can do it. So instead of waiting, whatever I get, whatever I get and we keep moving. And I guarantee you there is only one thing that's going to stop this project is the coming of the Lord. [Applause] If the Lord have not come back yet, no devil. [Applause] We will make it all the way to the end. Oh, glory to God. So, keep praying what you see there. We are waiting for inspector to go through the inspection and once they finish then we continue doing what we got. We got few stop the inspector have to come and check and make sure the screw is here whatever is here. So just keep praying. We got to go through what we got to go because we need to obey the state. That's right. When it come to the fence of the state. Amen. I sent you a message in the uh in the group chat. I believe you got those quotes right. Uh maybe somebody was alarmed that uh who are they going to put in the hand of the devil? We're not going to put no one in the hand of the devil. But it's good to know those things. Amen. Because the church doesn't operate as individual. Amen. The church operate as a body. That's why when you have wedding, you're not alone. That's it. We all come up in weddings because it's everybody. When you suffer, we all get there. When you have a loss, we all come together. And when you sin, we also come together. Amen. Amen. Let me start it back again. When you rejoice, we will rejoice with you. When you suffer, we will suffer with you. When you get out of the line, we won't leave you go out of line because you belong to us. We will stand with you and we will come to rescue you whether you are a preacher or not because sometime it's like okay if you a musician if you a deacon you do something then you're going to get punished. No even if you sit on the pew even if you never say amen. Amen. If you do something wrong, we come after you to rescue you and to kick the devil out because we want to pick you up. We don't want to lose you. We want to go with you into the rapture because you are part of us. In other words, whatever you do will affect us. Your happiness will be our happiness. Your success will be our success and your failure is going to be our failure. So whenever you do something, if we come around, don't be frustrated. We just want to rescue you and kick the devil out because you belong to us. You are part of us. So just remember, whether you're a musician, whether you're a churchy, whether you're a deacon, whatever you do in school, whatever you do at work, whatever you do when no one is there, if your brother sees you, he's under responsibility to talk to you. If your sister sees you, your sister is under responsibility to talk to you. And if you suffer, your brother is under responsibility to come and help you. If you in need, you are under responsibility to support one another, to help one another. You cannot see your brother suffering and then you sit there, you say, "I'm going to pray for you." No, you need to go to the brother and say, "What are you suffering? Is there anything we can help you with?" And if it's in your mean to help him, help the person. If God give you a little bit more the money, help your brother because we are part of the same family. Amen. So never be ashamed to say, "Brother Steven, I don't have food at home." Yes, sir. [Music] Never be ashamed to say that I'm struggling in this area. We are all together in this thing. And as a matter of fact, Amen. My name is in the book of life. So you won't go in the rapture without me. Yes. As far as you think you are already close to the Lord, you don't go to the rapture without me. So you better make things right with me. So we can go in the rapture because you ain't going because my name is there. Are we together? Are we together? So remember whatever you do it's all of us. Amen. Amen. When we say okay this this person is engaged here you're not the only one rejoicing. The whole church is rejoicing. Brother so and so graduated. The whole church is rejoicing. So if you are have trouble Samaria the whole church have a right to ask where is sister so and so. Where is brother so and so? Don't say uh that's my private. Uh uh uh there's no private li you part of us here and we need to know where you are. We need to know what happened to you. We need to know why you don't come to church. [Applause] Amen. Are we together? So love one another, support one another, stand for one another, protect one another. [Applause] If they say something bad about you, the first thing I rescue you first and then I begin to deal with the devil. That's the truth. Are we together? I'm not going to be there to help the devil destroy you. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Then the devil, listen, this is family issue. You're not part of our family. So I cannot talk to you about my sister or my brother. You leave the premises first. Then I will talk with my own sister and with my own brother without you being present. [Applause] Are we together? So are you going to do very good today to give me time? You promise to do not good because you your good don't work. So let me go very good today. Amen. Because I got a I got a two things I got to deal with it. Amen. I need to go slowly so we can deal with. But if you do good then next Sunday we can get into what do you do in season? Okay. Okay. You promise? So flat 10 then prepare for takeoff. Let's go to our scripture. You watch over me. I watch over you. That's why it's good to stay in the neighborhood where Christians are. That's my brother. So that when you're trying to get into the nightclub, you will see Sister Kayla walking around. You say, "Sister Kayla is it's protection. Don't be a can. No sir because Kane don't care about his brother. If you ask him he say I don't know what about my brother. Stay within the vicinity where we can see you at Walmart. God bless you. So when you know that in that Walmart I'm going to meet Sister Georgia. Ah, you better watch how you dress and everything because sister Georgia will call you and say I know that I want my private life. I'm going to go far away from the people. When you die over there, it would take me time to drive on a highway before we rescue you. Amen, brother. Have I said something? [Laughter] Have I said something wrong? Have I said something wrong? If you got a flat tire, what are you going to do? If you're closer to me, I will just come and pick you up. I said I said if you're far away in the bushes there, then good luck. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. It is a blessing to have a Christian family. Yes, it is. [Music] You don't know what it does for me to just sit with you and just fellowship. It is relaxing my mind. It's relaxing. It's telling me I'm in the I have people that I can talk. They think like me. Because the world is insane. So don't never take for granted one another sitting around you. You need one another. Amen. We need one. Even a smile would touch somebody and change their life. People are looking for people to just tell them what they're going through just to just express and release the tension. So be that person that come and talk to me and we will pray together. Yes. And we will remain here. Not on Facebook. No sir. Not on Instagram. Are we together? Leave the fellow alone. We need to know that he's around here. Amen. So let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and for everything you have been doing. You you have been doing in our lives, Lord. Father, thank you for your presence and thank you for a wonderful family, Lord. Father that you have given us people of like precious faith that we can come together sit and fellowship about the things of the kingdom. Lord this is as far as I can go with the ability you have given me. But when it comes to Lord father ministering to your children I am completely unable. He take the supernatural action of the Holy Spirit in me through the gift you have placed in our life and also in the congregation so that you'll be the one speaking, the one hearing, the one interpreting, the one feeling, touching and Lord Father, the God who is all in all. Lord, we rebuke every attack from the work of darkness away from this place. Lord, Father, may you help us as we entering, Lord, Father, your word in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's go to Jeremiah 29 verse 11. So when I post something, make sure you look at and don't glance, but read it carefully because I post them on purpose. If not, you have to wait three months for me to explain you something because our question and answer is three months. So when I find something in the message, automatically I'm sharing with you. The quote I sent this morning, I heard it last night. I say, "Oh, new things." I just say, "There we go. I'm sharing with you." So, don't be the one who's gonna do two, three weeks before you look at the message that was sent and then you say, "Oh, I did it." No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Please check your message. What about if we need a prayer request and we send a prayer request and you watch the message after 5 days. So, your brother is suffering and you don't even know that somebody's suffering in church. So create a habit. I'm working. I work. I pull teeth and go and check the message. I pull teeth and go check the message. Feel do a feeling and check the that's my life because I want to know make sure I'm vigilant to see what is going on. Who's suffering? Who need me before you know it? You catch something and you intervene. Amen. And you say, "Brother Stephen, how do you do this thing?" It's a discipline. Jeremiah 29 verse 11. It's a father's day. Many restaurant are booked. So, uh, don't be too quick to go outside. You're gonna wait outside in a restaurant for a long time before they call you. So, get it. You can read between the line, right? Okay. Praise God. You will rush ahead and sit down like this. Okay. Uh, Jeremiah 29 verse 11. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you. This is God, says the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. We clear. Let's go to John chapter nine. Oh, glory to God. I was thinking yesterday, I say, how am I going to come out from this and go back to the calf? Amen. And then we we surface back up to the house of Portifer. Oh God. John chapter nine. If you there you can say amen. Amen. And as Jesus passed by sister that's distinct will adjust again. As Jesus passed by he saw a man which was blind from birth. You might be seated. This man was not blind after birth. My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph 5 garment. Amen. Amen. Part 65. Amen. Thank God for the theme. Our theme today is divine purpose. Amen. Amen. The prayer of Bum and the prayer of Paul. Verse one. And as Jesus passed by, he saw a man which was blind from his birth. There is a reason why the the the Bible is telling us he's blind from birth. Amen. He came out blind. It's not that he was seeing and then something happened to him and then he became blind. Uh-uh. No, no, no, no. Blind from birth. Are we together? Amen. All right. Uh, Brother Tony, Sister Christie, and uh, Sister D's mother, I don't remember her name now, are part of Spoken Word Tabernacle. They are legally members of Spoken Word Tabernacle. I just want to announce to you [Applause] We clear now. So I don't know how those wave were coming up. So the boss just got me like, "Hey, go ahead and uh clear that up." Amen. So I'm very sensitive. Amen. Verse two. Verse two. And his disciple asked him, saying, "Master, who did sin? This man." How can the man see he was born blind? Amen. Do you see some certain things we come up with? The man was born blind. So how did he sin? So he sin in eternity. In the in the loss of his father. You're going to come up with new doctrines. Amen. Who did sin? this man or his parent that he was born what? Blind. For you to understand why they keep saying born blind, born blind, jump to verse uh 32 and then we will come back in verse three. Job to verse 32. If you there we can say amen. Amen. You there my brother? Amen. All right. The Bible say since the world began Was he not Was it not heard that any man open the eyes of one that was born what? Blind. So from the foundation of the world according to the Jewish history, people were blind and they were their eyes got open but no one was born blind and then got healed. You can be blind after you already were seeing things or whatever. But to have a born blind to see since the foundation of the world, this boy was the first case. Now your story have changed. Wow. So this boy is a special. He's the one that broke the record. He's the one that broke the circle. No one else. In other words, the boy could talk about, "Lord, you open the eyes of the blind." And somebody would say, "But we understand those blind were not born blind." But he didn't have any scripture he can go grab for somebody who was healed before and that was born blind. But God started somewhere. Amen. So your situation maybe no one else ever experience what you're experiencing. It doesn't mean you don't have a right to ask God for it. Amen. God will always start somewhere. Amen. Glory to God. We clear now? Amen. We understand clear. So let's go back to chapter two verse two. He said, "And his disciple asked him saying, "Master, who did sin? This man or his parent that he was born what?" Right? Verse three, Jesus answered, "Neither has this man seen, nor his parent, but that the work of God should be made what? Manifest in him." I know you will have a hard time answering me in this question. So, who was the origin of this problem? God. Amen. Amen. Amen. God just answer that this boy, it's not about sin. It's not about his parents sin. It's not about his sin. But in other word, what the boy is suffering, follow me. If I can get where I'm trying to get, has nothing to do with what the boy did or what the family did. It's all in the hand of God. Amen. Amen. So you mean God put a sickness on this boy? Push the brake. Please, let's read. I don't I don't want that. Look. Uh let's read. Jesus answered, "Neither has this father what? Don't blame his parent." Amen. Amen. Neither has this man sin nor his wife. His parents. But that the works of the of God should be made manifest in what? So who should we blame? God. Some of you are this sickness was God's purpose. Amen. So that God can use this sickness. [Applause] to glorify himself. Did you get it from your father? No. So why did God pick me to be the one suffering? Jesus. Yes, sir. Why did he let everybody else see? And according to the election when the when the pool of people were going on God [Applause] only me please take that one. Ah God saying hallelujah. No no no no no. Look at the other one. Lord in I mean in the future he will cause you trouble. Say you why me? Lord. What is the purpose behind this? What are you trying to achieve with this? Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. And God took him and put him start praying. Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, touch this boy. Amen. There is a time. Amen. Amen. Ah, come on. Ah. Let's start our sermon because the way you moving I told you to be good. The Bible says in the book of Ecclesiastes chapter 3 verse one to everything there is water season and a water a time to every water purpose under the heaven. So we understand that our prayer answer goes with those three elements. Amen. We understand that clearly now. It goes with a season. It goes with the time and it goes with what? The purpose God knew there will come a time yesterday that this boy will be healed and when the time come God made it that Jesus have to pass that's it brother by that avenue that's right brother why didn't Jesus see this boy all along because he was not the time yet he was not the season yet that's it are we together. But when the time comes, where was the devil? Come on, brother. Amen. To make this boy sick and say, "Stay at home." Where was the devil? The devil got so used to him being begging and the devil say, "You know what? That one already have a complex." That's right. Leave him there. And the boy got used to enjoy his life with infirmity. Lord, amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. In other words, that boy learned to smile even though he's blind. That's right. Because we think we only smile when we have eyes. But that one learn to smile when he doesn't have eyes. In other words, you don't know when he's really suffering. Right. That's right. Because his joy now doesn't depend on what you call joy. He doesn't even see your world. He's enjoying himself in his own world. He developed a life of his own. In other words, the definition of happiness to you is different than the the definition of happiness to that boy. That boy going and begging because he was a beggar. That's what the Bible say. You know that. The Bible say that was the boy that was blind and begging. That's what the scripture say. So that boy when he begs and they give him a penny, he's so happy, more happy than you who have two eyes. Wow. We clear my friend. Amen. We clear my friend. Amen. So when we dealing with our prayer on earth right here, we find that our prayer goes with time. It goes with season and it also goes with purpose under heaven. We clear and this is the quote that we have been stuck for probably couple month right here. Brother Brham says here that I ask him God for something. Sometime God shake his hand and he says what? No. So God doesn't say no all the time. Amen. Sometime it's sometime because sometime he says yes. The problem is the no. We clear. Brother Brandham say I just rejoice so much about that as I can if he says what? Yes. Brother Brandham said because we ought to we always ought to ask that will be done because the nos if that is his will it's a whole lot better than his yeses if it's his will to do it. In other word when the no of God is the will of God for your life that no is far better than if God would have say yes because the yes at that time will be God's permissive will. That's right. God answers prayer. Every prayer God answers. He answer it by a yes or by a no. Amen. But if God come to the place to says no. This no is better than the yes. This yes is different than this yes. Amen. Are we together? Amen. This yes is according to the will of God. But this yes is something contrary to the will of God. That's right. That's why the no is better than the yes. That's right. Are we together? And if you push too hard, God will give you yes. Like Hezekiah and then you enter the permissive will of God and not his perfect will. Amen. Are we together? Amen. The point here is we want to make sure we are in his will. Amen. That's right. That's the key right there. Amen. Why? Because his will goes with his purpose. According to Ephesians 1, we will leave the airport soon, my friend. According to Ephesians 1:1, the Bible say, "In whom also we have obtained inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who does what?" Who workketh all things after the counsel of what? His own will. So the will of God is connected to his purpose. Amen. We clear on that one. And the purpose of God is powerful. Amen. Amen. Amen. In other word, because there is nothing that will beat God purpose. We already went through that. And the Bible says that God will orchestrate everything. He will work everything in your life to make sure it matches his purpose. So the purpose of God is powerful. There is no demon, no sickness, nothing will stop you from the purpose of God. Are we together? And the purpose of God is the best idea of God for you. Amen. Let me start it again. My friend, the purpose of God is the best idea God have for you. God purpose for your life is always the best. The Lord gave me this quote when I was in the office, so I was not able to add it up here, but I'm going to read it. It's in uh the message, Christ is revealed in his own word. In 1965 on August the 22nd in the morning, paragraph 36, brother Brham says this. And there was a certain man, a certain person said to me, they talked to brother Brandham. He says, I believe you are an antichrist. My God. Wow. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Verse 37. Brother Brandham replied. Brother Brandham say I said if thou will be pleasing to my Lord. Remember Esther Brother Brham say if thou will be pleasing to my Lord that is what I want to be. [Laughter] I want to be whatever he want me to be. Amen. Brother Brandham say if God purpose for me to be an antichrist I will take it. Because his decision is the best. It's a t-bone steak with a bone in the middle. Are we together? Brother say I love him and if he should cast me into hell I still will love him. If I go with the same spirit I have now, he looked at me kind of strange because Job said, "Though he slay me, yet I trust me." That's why Shadrach and Mishak Abenego say even if he doesn't deliver us if we were predestinated to be burned in the stake to be eaten by a lion we will take it because his purpose is the best. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham continue. He says this. Therefore, whatever the will of God is, let God's will be done. Amen. Whether I am happy with it or not, help me Lord. Amen. Amen. If you don't mind, I will put this in the church group chat. Brother Pam say whether I'm happy with it or not, let his will be done. Amen. Because when Jesus was looking at the cross, he almost wanted to dodge. But when Jesus saw the joy that was before Jesus changed his mind, say, "Nevertheless, not my will." Because after the cross come exaltation. After the cross, Jesus sat at the right hand. After the cross, Jesus received a name that is above every name. Amen. After the cross, he can go get the book of redemption. After the cross, the seals can be all broken. After the cross, he can save me and you. After the cross, God can baptize human being. After the cross, there is no devil that can play again with us. After the cross, death has been conquered. The grave has been conquered. So when he look at the joy before he say let me take it because there is a purpose. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? We are training you. Yes sir. The Bible says when he look at the joy before he despised the shame. That's what the Bible say because the shame was they going to put him naked. So the devil was showing him like I'm going to post you on Facebook and I'm going to post you naked. But when Jesus look at the joy, he said go ahead and put the posting because what I'm going to receive is more than that. Go ahead and destroy whatever you want to destroy. In other words, this Siri help you bring all your trial to nothing. Exactly right. I hope we are together. Amen. Do you know the word despise means what? It's disgusting something. So the demon of shame came and say look what I'm going to do to you. When Jesus look at the picture, he say amen. In other words, go ahead and do it. Go ahead and do it. I don't even have time to listen to you because what is coming before the whole earth will belong to me. Every kingdom will be mine. I'm going to bring everything back to order. The new Jerusalem sir, the new heaven and earth, the 144,000. Paul, brother, Brandham, all of that, all of us were locked up right there. [Music] And if Jesus never went to the cross, he would not have been peace. That's it, brother. But he was the second Adam, so it was important for him to be peace so we can come out. [Applause] [Music] In other words, the devil was trying to block his own wife. Amen. That's right. [Applause] Jesus say, "I cannot be myself." God is male and female. I need my wife out so I can fellowship with her. But the only way to bring my wife out, the only way to receive my husband or my wife, I need to go through the cross. [Music] [Applause] The only way to receive the marriage of the lamb, his marriage was connected to Calvary. Without Calvary, no marriage. I hope we are together my friend. Brother Brown, I'm saying therefore whatever the will of God is, let God's will be done. Whether I am happy with it or not, I want to live so he will be pleased with what I do. Therefore, check your objective. Yes, Lord. Amen. And your motive by that you know whether you love God or not what if he say you serve me if I'm going to cast you to hell I love him anyhow. [Music] Are we together? So when we pray we always want to be like Esther. We want the will of God to be done for our life. Amen. Why is it important for the will of God? The Bible says in Philippian 4:E 19 that but my God shall do what? Supply supply what? All your need. Some need all your need. But God will supply our water. All your need. I know you read this so much and you don't even have faith about this because of your trial. You say it verbally, but in your heart you say, "I'm just I know the Lord will provide all my need, but in your heart, I'm still struggling. [Laughter] My God shall supply all your need." How? According to his riches and glory by Christ Jesus. If you notice the word used there is the need. Are we together? And brother Brandham say I'm so glad that he supplier our what? Every need. He promised he will do that. That's the promise right there. Now he never promised that he will supply our want. But he was our what that he will supply. And I'm so glad of that because there is many time that we want things that is not good for us. [Music] My friend, did you sleep good today? Let me read it again. My friend, brother Brandham said, "God never promised that he will supply your want." Amen. But he says he will supply our what? Our needs. And I'm so glad that of that because there are many times that we want things that are not good for us. Amen. That's why his nose are better. Amen. There is a difference between a need and a want. A need is what is essential. What is necessary? Bare necessity. What is essential for your survival? Having food is a need. Having clothes is a need. But a want is something we need to improve our quality of life. Time right there, brother. Amen. You can have a phone and you can also have a phone. Your one phone might be a need, but another phone is a want because you're not really looking for a phone, but you're looking for a certain brand to show off. Your phone is no longer a need. It become a want. And if that want has a wrong objective, God won't give it to you. I hope we are together my friend. Amen. Let me continue. Brother Brandham says this in the message the world is falling apart. He said God promised to do what? Supply our needs, not our wants. We are always wanting something. The want means your desires. I'm getting somewhere, my friend. He says we are always wanting for something. Amen. Amen. If a 2 years old come and say Lord give me a wife, what is he going to do with a wife? It's a want. But it's not a need. But when he grows up, hallelujah. When it's time, when it's the season, when he grows up, do you follow me? The want will be in morph transform into the need. [Music] Amen. Brother says this. He says we are always wanting something, but we want it how? In our own way. You say, well, I want that. Yeah. Well, Lord, send us this and send us that. God knows our needs. That is water. Exactly. Right. He knows water. Our need. What if your little boy seen you shaving with a straight razor and he say, "Daddy, I want that razor." You know better than to give that child a what? That razor to begin with. He doesn't even have a bill. [Applause] So what is the purpose of a razor? Amen. Lord, I want you to give me a jet plane. What are you going to do with a jet plane? You will put it on Instagram so everybody knows. God won't give it to you. It is not a need. It is a want. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. But if you become a multi- big businessman that you need to travel back and forth and you say, "God, I have a multi-billion business. I need the jets. I won't wait at the airport." Then that point, correct? It is no longer a want. It become a necessity based on where you are with God. Amen. The razor is important based on the edge. Amen. Amen. If you reach the normal age, then God can give you the result. Amen. But if you don't, if your Christian life reach a certain level, then God will give you what you want. But if your life is not straightened first yet, God cannot give you certain things because they will take you back to the world. [Music] Amen. Father, give me $2 million. You don't even come to church. You don't even pray. You are even struggling with sir. And if God give you $2 million, what are you going to do with it? We will see you. I mean, total lost on the highway. You will become the best big shot. But if we need a fellowship hall, if we need a building and it's a necessity for the church to have it at that point where God will supply his need according to his riches of glory because we need it. Yes, he will. Are we together? So when you pray, check your motives. Check your objective. What I'm asking now, do I really need it? If you need it, stick your faith right there. Then God is under obligation to give it to you. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Brother Brandham say you know better than that. Well, what if daddy what if he say daddy I seen you doing it. Well, that is what different. You are an adult. You know how to use the what? the razor. You are an adult. You accumulated the what? Intelligence to know how to use the razor. Then God will give it to you because in your beard, in your in your chin right here, we can see beard coming up. Then God say it is time for him to have a razor. You want a razor, you don't have any beard. And God knows exactly what's going to happen. Yes, sir. So try to shave without having a beard with a razor. Then it's going to be a disaster. Amen. Was it good thing? And they will call your father a stupid man. So God doesn't want to be called stupid. God want to be called responsible. So God knows your need and the time necessary and appropriate time and season to give you what you want. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So it's always good to pray according to the will of God. according to the purpose of God. In other words, if God would have answered all our prayer, we say yes, it will be a disaster. Lord, we will see horses flying because a child say Lord I want to see a flying horse and God created a flying horse and somebody will come there he say I heard about dinosaur all the time father can you create one so we can see and tomorrow we all are running away because dinosaur are chasing people so if God will answer all our prayer it will be a disaster that's Why the nose of God are better? [Music] Are we together? When God says no, it's always a blessing. In disgustment, the no of God bring you blessing. Amen. [Applause] [Music] I'm going to say it again. I know some of you are struggling. Den know God for your life is actually an opportunity for God to bless you. [Music] Open your Bible. I told you to do good. Very good. But you still lose. slowing me down. Let's go to number 22. Let's look at the know of God. Uh glory to God. A child will see people with a cell phone and he will come, he say, "Mama, can I have a cell phone, too?" It's a want. He's he's 5 years old. What is he going to do with a cell phone? something. You leave him on YouTube, he start clicking this, click this, and finally and the devil is waiting for him on YouTube. Yes, he is. It's a want. It's not needed. Amen. Amen. That's true, brother. Amen. When you in high school, you begin to check on your siblings and then they say you need a cell phone. Now it's a need. Correct. That's exactly the truth. All my friend have cell phone. What are they doing on cell phone? in pornography. Are we together? Ah, let's go to number 22. If you there, you can say amen. Let's soar a little bit with this and see the nose of God. If you do good here, then we soar. Amen. The Bible says, "And the children of Israel set forward and pitch in the plains of Moab on this side of on this side Jordan on this side Jordan by the river by uh by Jericho." Amen. And Beacon of Zippo saw all that Israel has done to the Amorite. Now before this thing started we need to understand something here God before he came closer to Moab now Moab were not hidden they were the children of Lot and brother Brandham say they worshiped the same God of Israel that's why they had a prophet by the name of Bam who was talking to God the same way God was talking to Moses Bam was a prophet. Moses was a prophet. And God would talk to Moses. And when Balam call God, God will go also and talk to Bum. Are we together? So they were not hidden. My friend, are we together? Now before Israel reached Moab, God told Israel this. He says in the book of Deuteronomy 2:9, "And the Lord say unto me, distress not Moabitete, neither content with them where in battle, for I would not give thee of their land for a possession, because I have given R unto the children of Lot for a what? Possession." So God already forbade Israel not to engage in a war with Moab because Moab was considered a brother. That's right. He say Moab already received a possession that I gave it to him. So that land doesn't belong to you. So when Israel is approaching, Israel was not approaching Moab for war. We clear on that one. Amen. But when Israel arrived on Moab, Uhhuh. look at how Moab is reacting. Uhhuh. Chapter verse two. And Beacon of Zipper saw all that Israel has done to the Amorite. And Moab was so afraid, not knowing Israel already got a commandment. So the way they killed the Amorite, they will destroy it. No, no, no. You were not part of that purpose. Are we together? The Bible says because they were very many because they were many and Moab was distressed because of the children of Israel. Are we together? Amen. So they themselves caused their own problem. Israel was not coming for fight. They were just afraid and they say you know what we need to prepare to attack. Israel was not attacking. I'm going somewhere. It is a fight you didn't start. Right. Right. I'm going somewhere. You didn't start. It was somebody who have been intimidating by by what God is doing in your life. God is accomplishing so many things in your life and then somebody begin to get scared. God is accomplishing so many things in the church and it cause a problem with another church. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? But you didn't do anything. You were just leaving your life and somebody else became jealous that ah why is going you didn't start the fight to begin with. Are you following me? I'm trying to show you the nose of God. Why is he good for you? Are we together? Verse four. And Moab said to the elder of Midian, "Now shall this company leak up all uh uh that uh lick up all that are around us, as the ox leak up the grass of the field." And Bellac the son of Zippo was king of the Moabat at that time. Verse 5, he sent messenger therefore to Bellam the son of Pior to Pet which is by the river of the land of the children of his people to call him saying behold there is a people come out of Egypt. God delivered them from the world. Amen. Behold they cover the face of the earth. There are so many. They are growing so many. They are prospering and they bad opposite to me. They came to pitch the revival right close to me. Amen. I'm already the one in this area. They come on my spot. Amen. Amen. Verse six. Come now, therefore, I pray you curse me this people. Let's continue my friend for they are too mighty for me. Perhaps I shall prevail that we may smite them. In other words, the curse will neutralize Israel. So when Israel engage in the battle, they will lose the battle because they are fighting under a curse. Follow me my friend. He says, "Perhaps I shall prevail that we may smite them and that I may drive them out of the land." Israel was only passing by. For I know that he whom you bless. What a gift is how? Blessed. And he whom you curse is how? Curse. So whatever comes from the mouth of Bam happened. If Bam say you curse, forget it. It's going to happen. If he say you bless, it's going to happen. And they took such a prophet to come against Israel. Follow me my friend. Why the nose of God is a blessing for your life. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Okay. The Bible says, the Bible says in verse uh 7, and the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the reward of divination in their hand. In other words, they took some money. Amen. And they came like a denomination. You go to the prophet to prophesy for you for $1,000. So they are prophecy of $1,000, prophecy of $200. I've seen that in denomination. It become like a divination. They're using God as a divination. Amen. Are we together? And then in the and they came to Bam and spoke to him the words of Baleac. Verse eight. And he said to them, "Lord, here this night, and I will bring you word again, as the Lord shall speak to me." And the princes of Moab abboard with Bam. So Bellam went and pray. Look at the prayer. This man is gifted, my friend. And God came down. Follow me, my friend. Verse N. And God came to Bum, not Moses, right? No. Amen. I don't know if you're understanding me. Moses is with the camp of Israel. But the camp of Moab have also a prophet. But God is dealing with both. And brother Brandham say Moab represent denomination. So do not be intimidating when denomination have miracle. Amen. I don't know if we are together. Amen. That's why some of message believer are shook up and they begin to listen to denominational preacher because over there they are really having revival. It is the same God but the covenant are different. They are Moab but we are Israel. We are the chosen one. I hope you understanding me. Amen. You who get on YouTube and are ready to miss church here to go to a denominational church for a gift of healing and then you come back to the message church. You're going to go under Bam. We want to stay under Moses. [Applause] As Moses has two son, so also I gave you two son. Our modern Moses is William May. We want to stay under the prophet. Amen. Amen. Brother Steven, do they have miracle of counsel? Because the Bible say many will come in that day and say Lord Lord have we not prophesy in your name? Have we not cast our devil in your name? And God will say I never knew you. But it was God doing that. But he never have a personal intimate relationship. Adam knew Eve. In other words, you are not my wife. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. We are talking about the prayer of Bumus. Are we together? Amen. It's a shame how you see message believer looking. Oh, they are powerful. They having revival. They having revival with women wearing short dresses. Women showing their bodies. That's not God. That is denomination. There is a difference between Moab and Israel. Over there, the women are loose. Over here, the women are noble. They are respectable. They are honorable people. They are people we treat with dignity. [Music] Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Sister Zadi got a voice. Sister Yok got a voice. Brother Angelo got a voice. They also have voices. And sometime they can even outshine you. But look at the way they dress. The P that are cut like this. Singing for the Lord. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. And then they got jealous of us. They say this brandite need to be wiped away. We are not brandite. We are true Christians. True Christian following brother Brham as he show us Jesus Christ. Because Paul say follow me as I follow Christ. We are following brother Brandham because brother Brandham point us to Jesus Christ. Lord [Applause] are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. And brother say every time the two meet there is a clash. Amen. I can even enter deeper even among message believer among message churches. We have moreites. [Applause] Are we together? Not everybody that is in the message is in the message. [Applause] Not everybody that is in among the message rank is in the message. Only the bride is in the message. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Where are we at, my friend? Hallelujah. You see the prayer of bum. Verse seven. Verse seven. Verse seven. No, verse eight. Verse eight. And he said to them, "Lord, right?" Verse 9, "And God came to Bum and said, "Oh, a denominational preacher preacher pray. He told you God spoke to me." Of course, I don't have any problem. I won't say you're not God. No, God can speak to you. But God also speak to me. It's a matter of which camp are you. Are we together? Church, I'm helping you. Especially young people. Are we together? Don't be intimidated, my friend. He says, "And God came to Bellam and say, what man are these with you?" And Bam said to God, "Belac the son of Zippo, king of Moab, has sent me, has sent to me, saying, Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which cover the face of the earth. Come now, curse me them. Perhaps I shall be able to overcome them and drive them out. And God said to Bam. So Bam brought the petition. He gave the prayer request. The prayer request came from Balam uh from Bailac. And he was given to the preacher and the preacher went to God and say we have a prayer request. God say what is the prayer request? We want you to curse Israel. Can I continue? So, do you want Oh, God answer every prayer. Uh-oh. Come on. God answer how many prayer? Every prayer. Do you want that prayer to be answered by yes or no? Now you begin to understand. Amen. Come on, man. You want God to say yes to that prayer? Are we there? Amen. Are we there? Amen. Verse uh uh uh 12. And God said to Bam, you shall not go with them. In other words, God says what? Yes or no? Follow me, my friend. First prayer of BM. Amen. What was the answer? And they know is better for Israel. [Music] I hope you begin to understand. So the nose of God is your blessing. We're getting somewhere, my friend. We're getting somewhere, my friend. I'm going to help you up. Even those who curse you today, you will know. Those who wishes you a bad luck. Those who say let his tire be broken up on the highway, today you going to have your answer. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And God say verse 12, you shall not go with them. You shall not curse the people for they are how? So the purpose of God is clear. Israel is a blessed people. In other words, no curse, no curse. Amen. Can operate for Israelless. Israel is already sanctioned for blessed. You cannot reverse it. [Applause] [Music] You don't understand my friend. This Israel had weaknesses. They had trouble sir. But when God look they are blessed despite the problem, [Applause] [Music] despite the struggling, they are still blessed because when you were born, your birth, your pregnancy was already a victory. [Applause] For you to be even conceived, you were on the wall. [Applause] You were fighting with your brothers and sisters and you overcame all of them. Are we together? Are we together? So when your pregnancy came out positive, it is a victory. In other words, somebody won the battle. One in a million. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? But still everybody is on the limbo. Is he going to make it to the pregnancy or not? So when you are born in a hospital and they slap you and you begin to cry, it is a shout of an overcoming. [Applause] I don't know if you together. In other word, every one of you here entered this earth after victory. So you came as an overcomer. Are we together? Are we together? If you overcame when you were unconscious, how much more when you are now conscious? No. Tell somebody, the one who was born was an overcomer. I entered this world as a champion. And if I already overcome there, I'm going to overcome every obstacle, every problem, every trial, every difficulty, I will overcome. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Never walk with your head down like this. I am born in this world. I already fought a battle. I came as a winner. I came with a band-aid. Amen. I'm a winner. I'm a winner. And if I'm a winner now, I will be a winner. I will behave like a winner. I will talk like a winner. [Music] Amen. Amen. In other words, you are a blessed people. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Don't curse Israel because Israel is blessed. [Music] The prayer of Bam. Where are we at, my friend? 13. Verse 13. And Bam rose up in the morning and said to the princes of Bale, get you into your land, for the Lord refuses to give me leave to go what? So the answer was yes or no. Bam did very good. Yes. I'm not going to go with you. God says no. We clear. Amen. Job to verse 16. And they came to Bum. When they reach Bellac, Bellac say go back to him. Go increase a little bit be the reward, the bonus. Tell him if he prays that prayer, I'm going to take care of him. Verse 16. And they came to Bellam and said to him, "Thus say Bellac the son of Zippo, let nothing, I pray you, hinder you for coming to me, for I will promote you to very great honor." I'm reading the Bible. And I will do whatsoever you say to me. Come, therefore, I pray you, and curse me these people. Are we together? And Bam answer and say to the servant of Balac, "If Bailac will give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the word of my God of the Lord my God." The Lord who? My God. So God was the God of Bam. [Applause] H But he was the God of Israel. Are we together now? Are we together now? He said, "I will not go beyond the word of the Lord, my God, to do less or what?" Or more. It sounds like it's good, right? So, he just told them that no matter how much you give it to me, I won't do it. What do you do? You will tell them go back. But let's see if he really mean what he says. Verse uh uh that was 18. Verse 19. Now therefore I pray you Terry Oh I thought you not going to Terry you also here this night that our men know what the Lord will say to be what a hypocrite what he says in his mouth is not what he meant in his heart. Are we together? Are we together? God already says no. Now you change again. You say, you know what? Let me go ahead and pray again to the Lord to see what God will say. Does God change his mind? God already said this people is blessed. In other words, somebody is pushing to reverse the opposition in God so that you can be cursed. Do you want God to hear that prayer? No, watch my friend. Amen. Are we there? Amen. Verse 20. And God came to balance. God came down again. You see, you see God speak to me. Eh, when I pray, God come down. Come, come here to our church. Mega church. Are we together? Amen. And God came down to Bum at night and said to him, "If the man come to call you, rise up and go with them." Uh, it looks like God have changed. H please follow me. Rise up and go with them. But yet the word which I shall say to you, that shall you what? Since you are insisting, you look at my board my friend. The first answer was what? BM push. Now the noise is moving toward water. So you are entering which wheel? [Music] Are we together now? We clear now. Amen. He said go with them. Watch. Watch. You need to know the scripture. Verse 21. As soon as God said that, Bam say praise the Lord. Now I got a yes from the Lord. I'm in the will of the Lord. I'm going to go ahead and do. You already know what the prophet say and you trying to pray against what the prophet said. The prophet say under no circumstances a believer should marry an unbeliever. You come up you say Lord please he's a good boy. He can change and be in the message and God say yes. Welcome for trouble. Are we together? Are we together? Because you didn't want to abide with his will. His will was a protection. Follow me, my friend. And Bam rose up in the morning. Ah. And do what? Saddle his hand. And went with the princes of Moab. Praise the Lord. Bam. I thought you told us that God say no. No, no, no, no, no. I got a different answer. The Lord spoke to me this morning and he said yes. Oh, I'm on my way to Canaan land. No Canaan land. You on the way to hell. Are we together? Are we together? Verse 22. Watch. As soon as Bellam enter on the road. Verse 22. And God's angel. Oh, I thought God told him to do that. Young people, I hope you are. You are you are following me. God told him go do it. As soon as he start doing it, God got upset. Amen. Amen. I'm reading the Bible. God, why are you getting upset? Because originally I told you no. Are you following me? And God's anger was how? Because he went. Who told him to go? So why is God getting upset? Are we together? Amen. He says he went and the angel of the Lord stood in the way for a friend. The angel of the Lord stood how? So who is now your enemy? So when you going in the permissive will God became your enemy. Now please I'm reading the Bible. You want to turn God into your enemy? Go his permissive way. Now God become the enemy. Amen. Amen. And the angel of the Lord stood in the way for a what? Adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass and his two servant were how with him. You know the whole story. Now how he get and the and the asses seize and then move away and move away and he begin to beat the beast and everything. You know the story, right? Job to verse 31 so we can save time. Then the Lord opened the eyes of Benam, and he saw the angel of the Lord standing in the way, and he sword John in his hand, and he bowed down his head and fell flat to his face. And the angel of the Lord said to him, "Wherefore have you smit in your eyes these three times? Behold, I went out to withstand you." The same God that said, "Don't go." He's saying, "Go back over there." Amen. withstand you because your way is how good perverse perform. So the way of Bellam is a perverse way. The permissive will is a perverse way. I'm going slowly, my friend. Amen. Amen. Amen. A perverse way. A perverse before me. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? And they saw me and I turned and I turned from me. Sorry. and turned from me this three time unless she had turned from me. Surely now also I had slain you and save her. In other words, I was about to kill you right there. You want God to kill you? Get out of the perfect will, my friend. In other words, leave his word and then God is the one whooping you. Now, are we together? Amen. Verse 34. And Bam said to the angel, "Follow me, my friend, of the Lord, I have seen, for I knew not that you stood in the way against me." Now therefore, if he displeased me, look, he's saying, if he displeases you, God just told you your way are perverse. And you are saying if he displeases, he already been displeasing God and you are saying if he displeases you, so he's still not convinced. I'm going slowly, my friend. He's still not. He's just speaking. Uh uh if he if he displeases you, I told you I'm coming as an adversary. Your way is perverse and you are telling me if he displeases you. Watch what he's saying. If he displeases you, where am I? If he displeases you, Amen. I will be I will get me what? Do you know what he's saying? He say, well, you know what? If if you didn't like it, I'm going back. I won't go anymore. Watch again if he really meant it. Are we there? Verse 35. And the angel of the Lord said to Bam, "Go with them." Come on, man. Come on, man. If you are normal man, will you go again? Because you told me to go. You want to kill me. Now you saying again to go and watch BM. Are we there? Go with them, but only the words that I speak to you that you you shall speak. So, Bam did what? Went with the princes of Ba. Did he really mean to go back? Because behind him there is a million dollar that they told him they're going to pay him. So, he's looking at how rich he's going to be. So, God, if there is a possibility, let me go. Israel have not done anything. Follow me my friend. Israel is minding their business. Israel is sleeping doing their thing. Do you follow me? They don't know even what happened over there that someone want to curse them. But somebody is going to prayer. So a curse can strike Israel. We clear my friend. We clear. Chapter 23. Let's go my friend. If I have to stop here, no problem. Chapter 23. Let's go. Verse one. And Bam said to Bac, "Build me how many altar?" Seven altar. Do you know that they knew how to worship God? Seven altar and prepare me what? Seven oxes and water. Seven. Same sacrifice are Israel. Denomination. Same thing. In other words, if you test them by the altar, we look the same. We are using the same Bible. The same King James I'm preaching here is the same Bible they're preaching over there. But the interpretation is different. We have the absolute perfect vindicated interpretation of the Bible. Are we together? Are we together? Verse two. And Bellac did as Bam has spoken. And Bella and Bam offer on every altar a water bac and a water and a ra. Brother say he was speaking about the coming of Christ. Are we together? And bam said to bail stand by your burnt offering and I will go perapse the Lord will come to me and whatsoever he show me I will tell you. And he went to a water high place. In other words, let's go to prayer now. All right. And they are trying to pray what? A curse toward what? And if ever God approved that prayer, what happened to Israel? The nose of God. Blessed are we together. Amen. Now Bam goes to pray. You think God won't come back? Come down. Watch verse four. And God met BM. What a gift. Amen. Amen. Denomination, they're doing bad things and God still heal them and they still having miracle. So if what they doing is bad, why is God letting them have a miracle, a Pentecostal understanding, if you base that by miracle, you're going to go to hell? Because Judah cast out devils. Yes sir. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Verse 34. And God met Bellum and said to him, I have prepared seven altar and have offered up every altar a bullock and in other way I done everything correctly. And the Lord put a word in Balem mouth and say return to Bale and that shall you speak. In other words, the Lord answered the prayer. Yes, he did. Amen. Amen. But he's answering the prayer by putting something in the mouth. So when Bella Bam is coming up under the anointing, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bam say great. Praise the Lord. Finally, we got the anointing. Go ahead and start the cursing. You ready? Are you ready? Amen. Are you ready? Amen. Verse seven. And he took up his parable and say, "Belac, the king of Moab has brought me from Aaron out of the mountain of the east, saying, Come and curse me, Jacob, and come defy Israel. How shall I curse?" Oh, amen. Whom God has not cursed. Amen. I believe Barack got a heart attack. Are we together? Are we together? Because God stopped answering that prayer. But God did not only stop answering the prayer, but God used that opportunity to begin to bless Israel. [Applause] I hope you are understanding me. I hope we are together. The Bible says this my friend in the book of Deuteron Deuteronomy 23. Nevertheless, the Lord that God what? Would not hearken unto Baum. In other words, God told Bam what? No. H would not hearken unto Balam. But the Lord thy God did what? Turn the curse into a what? A blessing unto me. Because the Lord thy God loved thee. So every curses was now turned into what? Are we together? Let's watch the blessing. How shall I curse whom God has not cursed? Or how shall I defy whom the Lord has not what? Defy. From the top of the rock I see him and from the hill I behold him. Lord the people shall dwell how? Alone. They are not denomination and shall not be reckoned among what the nation. They are not among the denomination. Are we together? Who can count the dust of Jacob and the number of the fourth part of Israel? Let me die the death of the righteous and lest and let my last hand be like what? In other words, who is righteous? Amen. Israel is righteous. Amen. Israel is righteous. And Benac said to him to Bam. What have you done to me? I took you to do what? Bless my name. And behold, you have what? What? [Music] Hallelujah. So the nose of God turn into a blessing to Israel because God knows a better for your life. I hope we are together. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Job to verse uh 13. And Belac said to him, "Come." This is the first prayer. He say, "Come." Amen. I pray you with me to another place. From where you may see them, you shall see but the water utmost part of them and shall not see them all and curse them and curse me them from there. And brother Brandham said the word utmost means the rotten part. In other words, come and let me show you the weaknesses, the error, what is going on in their life that are not still right so you can curse them from there. Amen. Are we together? Brother Brandham say he fell to see the present serpent. And the smitting rock that was right there. Moab did not have that. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Verse uh 14. And he brought him into the field of Zofim to the top of Pisgah and built how many altars? Seven altars. And offer a bullock and a ram on what? every altar. And he said to Bam, "Stand here by your burnt offering while I meet the Lord Yonder." He go back again to pray. And the Lord met Pam. Oh my God. And put a word in his mouth and say, "Go again to Beleg and say this." What do you say? Are you there? Are you there? Amen. Go to verse 18. He took up his parable and say, "Rise up, Bellac, and hear and hearken to me, you son of Zippor." God is not a man that he should lie. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. And neither the what? Son of man. That he should what? Repent. He cannot change. Has he said he shall he not uh uh uh shall he not do it? Or has he spoken? Shall he not make good? In other words, you are still going against the purpose of God. Yes. Yes. Amen. You can't curse these people. Are we together? Amen. Behold, I receive what commandment to bless. And he has what? Blessed. And I cannot do what? Reverse it. He has not beheld iniquity in Jacob. Now the prayer is even I don't even see any fault. You took me to see their folk but now when I look at them I don't see anything. L [Applause] why brother Brandham say because of the smitten serpent because the smitten serpent was a top of Calvary because Jesus say as Moses lift up the serpent so the son of man will be lifted up. So when God come, he sees Calvary in spoken word. He say I don't see any problem with them. I hope you are understanding me. And because I don't see any problem, I can't go back like that. I need to bless them. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. He says he says beheld. I'll be verse 21. He has not beheld iniquity in Jacob, neither has he seen what? Perverseness of Israel. The perverseness was with uh him over there, not with Israel. The Lord his God is with him as much as he speak over there. But God truly is with Israel. And the shout of the what is what among them. So Israel and Moab were different because Israel have the shout of the king. [Applause] [Music] Yes sir. Because the Lord himself shall descend with a what? And brother Brandham said the shout is the message. So the difference between denomination and ask is the message. Hallelujah. They got the Bible. We got the Bible. But we got the message. They don't have the message. And the message is the shout not of a prophet but the shout of who? That's why when the sword came he said the sword of who? Which was the sh of the blood? [Applause] [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? So now you need to see clearly the difference between us and denomination. You don't need to copy them. They need to copy us. You don't need to copy their preaching. You don't need to copy their singing. You sing and let them follow you because you got more than them. You got what they don't have. Are we there? Amen. Are we there? Amen. Verse 22. God brought them how? Out of Egypt. God took them from the world. And uh uh he has as he were the strength of a what? The unicorn. He didn't stop the blessing. The anointing is still flowing. Amen. Verse uh 23. Surely surely there is water. [Applause] There is water. No. No what? Enchantment. No enchantment against who? Jacob. Do you know the word enchantment means what? No witchcraft. No sorcery. No sorcery against Jacob. So as a message believer, no witchcraft will operate in this church. [Music] [Applause] Let me say it here. Let me say it here. The witchcraft from America, the witchcraft from Africa, the witchcraft from Europe, from South America, from Australia, no witchcraft will operate here. [Applause] In other words, you should not be intimidated by anyone who wishes you a bad luck. [Applause] Can you put your seat belt? The Bible says this in Proverb 26 26 verse two. The Bible says what as the bird Uhhuh. by water by wandering as the water swallowed by by water by water by flying. So the curse causeless shall not come. In other words, if somebody curse you without any cause, go to sleep. [Applause] [Music] Brother, I didn't do you anything wrong. Sister, I didn't do anything wrong. Go ahead and curse. go to Asheville and curse me. It will not happen. [Applause] And as a matter of fact, God is the same yesterday, today, and what? Forever. If the curse was changed into blessing over there in the first Exodus, in the second Exodus, in the third Exodus, your curses Amen. Glory. He's going over there. He will see what will happen in his life. He will see what he happened to his family. Nothing will happen to my family. Nothing will happen. And every curse will go back to you. No sorcery against Jacob. Don't think you are under a curse. You are a blessed peopleless people. A blessed people doesn't mean you don't have weaknesses. Because Elijah was a man of light passion. But when he pray, God understand God when he look at you, he doesn't see iniquity. [Music] My friend, if Israel knew what was going on, if Israel had the revelation of what was coming up in that mountain [Applause] because sometime those revelation goes to the devil. You didn't get me well. Job did not know that there was a hedge around him. It was the devil that knew. The devil say you put a hedgeh. But Job did not know that he was first. [Music] What I'm trying to say is the thing you guys got used to it. Yes, sir. the message. You got used to it. You don't know the power of it. The devil knows it. [Applause] The sermon, the sermon you getting used here that you don't even want to review. The devil knows the power of it. You got used to, brother Steven. You got used to brother Kelly and you don't understand the power that is coming here. But the enemy is looking and knows better that don't touch that church. It's a hard potato. Let me leave that church. Don't touch that believer. He's a hot potato. The revelation he's receiving now is powerful. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] If you ask Israel, if you ask Israel, what is that? He say, "Ah, that was the serpent of Moses." You didn't know the story? Yeah. When we were coming in Exodus, that serpent was when our father look and they say, "No." But they didn't know that that serpent when the devil looking because Calvary is more powerful than a story. The cross of Calvary, the blood, the blood is more powerful because no devil can cross the blood. [Music] [Applause] [Music] In other words, in other word, whoever is wishes you a bad luck, they actually blessing you. Because we have a promise. He puts up his table in the presence [Music] of my friend of my friend of my who? So leave the enemy alone. [Music] He will watch the anointing upon me and my cup will overflow. Glory, glory, glory. I have six minutes left. I have not started Paul. Where are we at my friend? Where are we at? We on 22. I have not started Paul. If I can, Sister Adasa, you call this the prayer of Bum. Because Jesus prayed three times. Yes. Yes, he did. And Bam. This is the second time. We will see how many time also he prayed. And I will show you how many times Paul prayed. Yes, he did. And then you're going to see how it's flowing. Jesus. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Never get used to this message. It's a dangerous game. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. If you get to a church where when you go to that church, it becomes routine. It's a problem. You who are following me online, I know you got used to your comfort zone. If you are sitting in the Mesa church and it becomes like a routine like a Catholic or a Baptist church, you need to come out. Every day in church, there must be a revival because God is in the midst of us. Glory to God. Because getting used make things boring. [Applause] But when you come, God open up. When you come, God open up. When you come, God open up. The next thing you want to go quickly to church because I'm ready for the next. And as you eating, you growing. As you eating, you growing. Getting closer to your theophony. Thank you. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. I don't think I can start even Paul. Let's finish with BM, my friend. Buckle up. I'm heading to the airport. Verse 23. Surely there is no what? Enchantment against who? Jacob. Remember, I have not touched the boy that was born blind because we need to deal with that. And and I'm going to combine him with Paul, Lord willing. He says, "Surely there is no what?" Enchantment against who? Jacob. Neither is there any water? Divination. So when you go into the mall, you see the lady that look like a witch with a crystal ball, just pass your way, don't even mind her because there's nothing that lady will do. Do you know what we do? We get there. Uh-huh. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. She need to know who I am. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I don't know if you understand. I don't know if you understand. I was told. So, don't come after church to ask me. I was told that there are airplane in the United States when they passes your neighborhood, they can cut power. That's right. You heard it. When they passes your neighborhood, they can cut electricity. So you get in the blind, in the dark, and they can destroy you. So a Christian is like that airplane. When I am getting somewhere, I'm cutting electricity. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I don't know if you understanding all the fuses box of the devil begin to pop up because I'm there [Applause] because the greater is he that is in me than he that is in the word. My power is greater. [Music] People think when I speak and I look at people like this, they think I'm proud. No, it's not proud. I know who I am. I cannot talk to you and put my head like this and like this. God, yes, my brother. I don't care how many years you've been. Even if you've been the ancient of day, that's your problem. I will respect you. But I'm looking at you. Because even God cannot change his purpose for me. Even God himself. That's why when God want to wipe Israel, Moses say, "Wait, look at your book. My name is there. God remove my name. God remove my name. Show me that you a man. God remove my name. God scratch his heart. Say this boy here because Moses knew no one can change it. Even God himself cannot change it. If God cannot change, what will the devil do? [Applause] Church, you need to know who you are. No witchcraft, no sorcery, no curse. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Where are we at my friend? On 23. He says, "Surely there is no what? Against Jacob. There is there neither is there any what? Divination against Israel. According to this time, it shall be said of Jacob and of Israel what God has what." In other words, look what God has done. Are we together? Are we together? Verse 24. Behold, the people shall rise up. He continue. Yes sir. As a great water. Yes sir. In other words, Bellam, you want to poke the blessing for me. He said the people shall rise up like what? Great lion and lift himself up like a what? He shall not lie down until he eat of what? To pray. Yes, sir. In other words, Israel doesn't rest if he has not catched his prey. In other words, when Israel sees the pray, brother Robert, Israel, when he engage, he won't rest. In other word, the bride, when she saw a promise, when she engage, she doesn't go back until she get that promise. She won't sleep until she get it. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. Where are we at, my friend? And drink the blood of what? The slain. Hallelujah. They drink the blood of what? The slain. And the son of man came and say, "Except a man drink. Drink what? Blood. Drink what? Blood. And eat what? Yes. So when you have the son of man, you are doing what? Eating the flesh and water. And Israel is a people that eat flesh and water. And when I get the message of Yahweh, I eat the flesh. It's the mechanic and the dynamic. [Applause] I'm not just listening to the tape, but the God of the tape is also entering me. s because life is in the blood. The life of the message is also coming. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Where are we at, my friend? Verse 25. Verse uh 25. And Bac said to Bellam, "Neither curse them at all, nor what? Bless the in other words, stop. I told you to curse, you bless. So now I don't even want you to bless them. Leave the blessing. Leave the curses. Stop right there. [Music] So it's not overflow yet. He have to run over. In other words, God have to give you beyond. There is a traffic in the airport. Bear with me. I'm circling. Okay, bear with me. Flight attendant. Where are we at, my friend? Verse 26. Verse what? 26. Verse 26. But B uh verse uh 26. Let's keep jump to verse 27. And Bac said to Bam, "Come, I pray you, I will bring you to another place." Perhaps it how many times now? Three. Which time now? Three. through his perfection. Are we together? Remember Jesus three bam is praying three and we going to finish to another place. Perhaps he will please God that you may curse them from there. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. And Belac brought Bellam to the top of Por that looks toward Gerimoth Jesimon. And Bam said to Bale, "Build me seven altar here." They don't get tired. and prepare me seven bulocks. How many bulocks have you lost? Fasting, fasting, fasting, fasting, fasting. Amen. And seven ram. And Belac did as Bam had say and offer up a bulock and a ram of every. So this man is determined to curse Israel. And God is determined to bless Israel. Conflict between God and Satan. Yes, sir. Are we together? Are we together? Job to verse uh chapter 24 then we finish here. Verse one, the Bible say, "And when Bam saw that he pleased the Lord to bless Israel, he went not." Somebody begin to learn a lesson as the other time to seek for enchantment, but he set his face toward the wilderness. And Bellam lift up his eyes, and he saw Israel abiding in his tent according to their tribe. And the spirit of God came upon him. The anointing drop again. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he took up his parable. And now the one started. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. And say Bam. The son of pe has said the man whose eyes are open has said he has said which heard the words of God which saw the vision of the almighty felling into trance but having his eyes what it's a definition of a prophet. A prophet can have his eyes open but he sees vision. Verse six uh verse uh five. How goodly are your tents? They told you to curse you start again. Right. How goodly are your tent to Jacob and your tabernacles, O Israel, as the valleys are they spread forth as garden by the riverside as the trees of la of uh of a line uh I mean alos which the Lord has planted as the cedar trees beside the water. He shall pour the water out of the bucket, and his seed shall be in many waters, and his king shall be higher than a Malachite. And his kingdom shall be exalted, God brought him forth out of Egypt, and he has heard the strength of a unicorn. He shall eat up the nation, his enemy, and shall break their bone and piece them through with his what? He couch, he lay down as a lion and as a great lion, who shall stir him up. Blessed is he that bless you. And curse in the face of the enemy. Curse. Do you know in your face dunk? They're coming in front of you and they dunk it. So they dunking in your face. He say curse is he that curses you. And Benac anger was kindled against Bellam and he smought his hand together. And Belac said to Bam, I called you to curse my enemy. And behold, you have all together blessed him how many time? Wow. But God must give you exceedingly and abundantly. Does the blessing shop? Watch verse 11. Therefore flee you now to your place. In other words, go. Leave now. In other words, bell. Leave. Leave. Go. Amen. Go to your place. I thought to promote you to great honor, but lo, the Lord has kept you from honor. And Belam said to be spoken not also to your messenger which you sent to me, saying, if would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the commandment of the Lord to do either good or bad of my own man. But what the Lord say, that will I speak. And now behold, in other word, in addition, before I go to my home, in addition, now behold, I go to my people. Come therefore and I will advertise you. Let me give you some advertisement now about Israel again and let me advertise you what this people Israel shall do to your people in the last day. In other words, before I go, there is a bonus. Amen. Are we together? Verse 15. And he took up a parable and said, Bam, the son of Bor has said, the man whose eyes are open has said, he has said, which heard the word of God, and know the knowledge of the Almighty, falling into a trance, but having his eyes open, shall I shall see him, but not now. I shall do what? Behold him. Now, Bam got into the last revelation. Watch the bonus. I shall behold him, but not what? In other words, he's coming. Who is coming but not near? There shall come a what? A storm. Out of what? Jacob. And a s shall rise out of what? Israel. And shall smat the corner of Moab and destroy the children of what? In other words, you know what? The Messiah is coming [Applause] and he will rule Israel and he will destroy your land. No weapon formed against you, shall prosper, no weapon, my friend. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. What is the last conclusion? David say, "Help me, oh Lord, my God, and save me according to thy mercy, that they may know that this is your hand, that thy Lord has done it." Let them do what? Curse. But you do what? Bless. When they arise, let them be what? Shame. But let thy servant do what? Let my adversary be clothed with shame. And let them cover themselves with their own what? Diffusion. As what? No weapon formed against you will prosper. The nos of God are better than his yeses. The nos of God block the prayer of your enemy and turn them into your blessing. Let's stop here. God bless you. Let's stand. Brother John. Hallelujah. She said I call this the prayer of Bellam. Amen. And Lord willing next week we pick up Paul. Amen. Remember three times prayer, three times blessed. Amen. Until he brought forth the prophecy of the Messiah. Hallelujah. God purpose for our life is the best. Amen. You are not anyone. Amen. You are children of the almighty God. When we pray, always seek for his will. His will is powerful and his will is the best. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you again humbly this afternoon. Father, we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy, for opening our eyes so that now we can see clearly what we are into it and what you brought us into it. What a blessing. And I pray Lord Father that each one of us that we realize the greatness of what you put in our hand which is the message of this hour Lord. Father we commit the remaining of the service unto that hand. Bless the water of baptism Lord and continue with us throughout the week. If that Terry again may we meet again Lord Father to fellowship around the things of the kingdom in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Glory to God. God bless you church. We love you. [Applause] Before we sing, uh, as they prepare for the, um, water baptism, there are gifts for the dad in the foryard as we, uh, exit the church. So, let's sing a little bit as they get ready, and then, uh, we'll witness another soul burying and rising again in Jesus Christ. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to take him at his word, just to rest upon his promise, just to know the Lord. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I prove him more and more. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, for grace to trust him more. [Music] Oh, how sweet to trust in Jesus. Just to trust his cleansing blood. Just in s. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. found my true glory and glory. Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus. Oh, for a grace to trust him, Lord. Oh yes, it is sweet to trust in Jesus. Just a sh [Music] Take me life and rest and joy. Jesus. Jesus. How I trust him. How I love Jesus. Jesus. [Applause] Jesus. Oh, for a break to trust me. Now I'm so glad. I learn to trust. Preious Jesus, Savior. [Music] [Applause] And I know that now I will be willing [Music] Jesus. Jesus, how I [Music] Jesus, Jesus, precious Jesus, oh Praise to Christ. Let's sing the Lord one more time. Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] Oh Jesus, [Applause] bless Jesus. Oh, praise to Christ. We can exit uh quietly this morning for the baptism. We're going to sing victory in Jesus as we go out. Amen. Praise God. Amen. [Music] Well, I heard an old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary to save a rich like me. I heard about him of his precious blood and I slory. Oh victory Jesus my savior forever me and me with his redeeing blood I will victory the all victory in Jesus my savior forever [Music] and he brought me with his redeeing he [Music] victory. [Music]
