################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 60 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 60 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoegUcdWi6s
========================================

He put the thing so far away that it couldn't be discovered by a smart man. Now I'm going to show you where that smart man comes from. Where he where he's at anyhow. See, it can't come through that. It's got to come by revelation. Dart the Christ the son of upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell can't prevail against it. Spiritual revelation. How did how did Abel know to offer a lamb instead of Cain offering the fruits of the field? It was spiritually revealed to him. You don't get it about seminaries. You don't get it through denominations. You get it from heaven. Now watch the serpent. This serpent which was first, let's draw a picture of him now. He's a great big fellow. He's between the japanzi and the man. And the serpent, the devil, Lucifer, knew that that was the only blood that would mix with this human blood. The only person he could deal with. He couldn't deal with a chimpanzeee. That blood would mix. He couldn't deal with different things. He couldn't deal with the sheep. He couldn't deal with a horse. He couldn't deal with any animal. He had to deal with this serpent. Let's take him out and see what he looks like. It's a great big fellow, prehistoric giant. That's where they find these big bones. And I'll show you this in the Bible. Now, watch closely. All right. This great big fellow, let's say he he was 10 foot tall, great big shoulders, looked just like a man. And his blood after coming down, coincing one animal to another, you cross animals and it kept getting higher blood, higher form of life, higher form, that it climbs up into the man realm. But the last connection here between here was cut off. How many knows that science can't find the missing link? All of you know that. Why? Here he is the serpent. Here he was a great big fella. And the devil comes down. Now he says, "I can't inspire." Now when you go to looking at women and women, remember you are anointed of the devil. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me. So he looked beyond all my faults and saw my need. [Music] I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that called my soul. He looked beyond my fault and so my let's sing I shall forever lift my eyes. I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to you that cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that called [Music] my soul. He looked beyond all my walls and saw my knees. He looked beyond all my faults and so [Music] mighty. Heavenly Father, Lord, what a glorious thing, Lord, that you did on Calvary for us, Lord God. Lord, when we were still in sin, Lord, you died for us, Lord, and you just watched over us, Lord, and just throughout our years, Lord, until we heard the eagle cry, Lord God. We thank you, Father, Lord. We thank you for calling us, Lord. We thank you for choosing us, Lord God. Lord, you're our strength, Lord, when we're weak, Lord God. You're our joy, Lord, when we're heartbroken, Lord God. Lord, you're everything to us, Lord God. And how we want to come together, Lord, that's such as this, Lord, on a Sunday morning, Lord God, a Mother's Day, Lord God, and just worship you, Lord, for everything that you do for us each and every day. We thank you for the gathering we had yesterday, Lord, and the word that came forth, Lord, and the understanding, Lord, that you've given us to help us walk right and as a Christian in our lives, Lord God. You're so good to us, Lord God. You're so good to us, Lord, to place such a ministry, Lord, and to let us sit under it, Lord God, and just to Lord, just to have you reveal yourself to us. So Lord, we want to lift you up this morning, Lord, for everything that you've done, Lord. We've come to hear your word once again, Lord God, to see another portion, Lord, as small or large as you choose to show us, Lord, another portion of Jesus this morning, Lord. And we ask, Lord God, that you would just manifest yourself and make yourself known to us this morning in this congregation. Bless the singers this morning, Lord God. Bless the musicians, Lord Jesus. Bless the mothers today, Lord God. Bless our pastor, Lord God. Let everything go smooth, Lord, for you, Lord God, just as you would have, Lord. Anoint everyone for their post, Lord, including the ameners in the congregation, Lord. It's an anointing as well, Lord. and bless our technicians as well, Lord, who allow this to go across the sea, Lord, and across the waves. We thank you, Father. We see what you're doing behind us here on the building, Lord, and we just give you glory for that as well, Lord God. How good can you be to us, Lord God? How much more, Lord? You're so wonderful, Lord. How could we not choose but to love you, Lord, and to serve you, Lord? with all of our hearts, Lord. Have mercy on us. Forgive us of our sins, Lord. Give us this day, Lord, our daily bread, Lord, our portion. For you, Jesus, are our portion. We thank you, Father. Bless everyone here, Lord. And may you be blessed as well in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. You can turn around and greet your neighbor this morning and say, "Welcome to the house of the Lord." Let me go ahead and read this while we are standing. Normally, I try to read a poem as well, but I think the word of God expresses it all in Proverbs 31 of a virtuous woman. Amen. And that's what God is making out of all of us, even the men as a bride, a member of his bride. Amen. Amen. And amen. Praise God. So, I'm going to start with Proverbs 31:10. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. How wonderful is our fellowship. Amen. And the love we have for each other. Amen. Let me read Proverbs 31 10-31. And it starts, "Who can find a virtuous woman? For her price is far above rubies. The heart of her husband doth safely trust in her, so that he shall have no need of spoil. She will do him good and not evil all the days of her life. She seeketh wool and flax, and workketh willingly with her hands. She is like the merchant ships. She bringeth her food from afar. She riseth also while it is yet night and giveth meat to her household and a portion to her maidens. She considerth the field and buyth it with the fruit of her hand. She planteth a vineyard. She gertth her loins with strength and strengthenth her arms. She perceiveth that her merchandise is good. Her candle goeth not out by night. She layeth her hands to the spindle, and her hands hold the daff. She stretcheth out her hand to the poor. Yay, she reaches forth her hand to the needy. She is not afraid of the snow for her household, for all her household are clothed with scarlet. She maketh herself coverings of tapestry. Her clothing is silk and purple. Her husband is known in the gates, while he sits among when he siteth among the elders of the land. She maketh fine linen, and sellleth it, and deliverth girdles unto the merchant. Strength and honor are her clothing, and she shall rejoice in time to come. She openeth her mouth with wisdom, and in her tongue is the law of kindness. She lookth well to the ways of her household, and eateth not the bread of idleness. Her children arise up, and call her blessed, her husband also, and praiseth her. Many daughters have done virtuously, but thou, little bride, I'll throw that in. Little bride, excelst them all. Favor is deceitful, and beauty is vain, but a woman that fearth the Lord, she shall be praised. Give her of the fruit of her hands, and let her own works praise her in the gates. Can we give a clap offering for the mothers this morning? Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. So, let's sing a little bit this morning and uh enjoy inviting God's presence in. We believe he's here already cuz I know a lot of you, most of you, if not all of you, have brought him with you. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] My heart was distressed to hold as red frown and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. I cried to the Lord from the deep I recla who genderly brought me out this morning. He brought me out of the fing. He set my feet on the rock to sing. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He placed me upon the strong rock by his side. My steps were established. And here I have no danger of falling. While here I remain and stand by his grace until the crown I gave. He brought me out of the fing. [Music] Peace and my feet on the rock to stay. He puts a song in my heart today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. He gave me a song was a new song of praise. My day and my night. It's sweet of praise. My heart's overflowing, my path free. I'll praise my redeemer who has rescued me. He brought me out of my reg. He sent my feet on the road to stay. He puts a song in my soul today. A song of praise. [Music] Hallelujah. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'll praise him till his goodness shall sing. I'll sing of salvation at home and above till many shall hear. Trust trust in God. He brought me out of the mir. He set my feet on the road to stay. He puts a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. Yes. He brought me out of my way. peace and my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Listen, listen. I I mean, if you think just think of everything he's brought us through, even together, he's brought us through a lot together. Amen. That was a little high for me. So, I had to take a breather just a second. It's tough trying to figure these keys out cuz I like to go one to the next to the next. And that just didn't happen. It's too high. I'm gonna stay in the same key though, brother. I think we'll go ahead. Give me a lead in. It just depends on the song. Have you been to Jesus for the cleansing power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Or are you fully trusting in his great his power? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? For are you washed in the blood? In that soul cleansing blood of the lamb and are your garments are they white as so are you washed in the blood of the lamb? How are you cleaning daily by the savior? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? And do you rest each moment in the crucified? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Are you washed in the blood? In the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. Now your garments are the white as are you washed in the blood of the lamb. Now when the bridegroom come will your ros be you in the blood of the lamb. Now will your soul be ready for your man and be washed in the blood of the lamb. Now are you washed in the blood in the soul cleansing blood of the lamb. in your garments. My blessed are they white and so are you washed in the blood of the lamb. So lay aside the garments that are stained with sin and beed in the blood of the lamb. Yes, there's a flowing for the soul unclean. will be washed in the blood of lamb. Oh, are you washed in the blood in the soul in blood of the lamb? Are your garments are they white as snow? Are you washed in the blood of the lamb? With my I will answer. When he calls for me, I will hear. Yes. When my savior calls, I will answer. I'll be right there. Listening for my name. Oh, I'll bewhere this. I'll be somewhere. Listening. I'll be somewhere. Listening for my name. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere. I'll be somewhere listening for my name. If my heart is right, he calls me. If my heart is right, I will hear. Yes. If my heart is right when he calls me, I'll be right here listening for my name. Oh, I'll be right here. Listen, I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. Now if my road is white when he calls me. If my road is white I will hear. If my road is right when he calls me I'll be right here listening for my name. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. Oh, you be right here listening. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening. I'll be right here listening for my name. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Now, you know the quote about the the pope's been going around and brother Brown says, "Wake up." So, if you ain't listening, you got to be listening. You ain't going to hear nothing. Amen. Y'all can be seated. I've got a couple of praise reports here. We do have two testimonies and we have two specials. Amen. Hallelujah. So, Brother Logos, we saw his parents yesterday at the meeting. He would like to thank God for the traveling mercy that he provided going to and from Africa on their last trip. They just recently got home. So, we want to thank the Lord for that. Amen. Praise God. And I'm going to invite Brother Charles Hamilton Jr. up here to give his testimony and then Brother Greg has one and then we'll um pray for our tithes and offerings this morning. Amen. Amen. God bless you everyone. Um first testimony is my uh report came back from my grandfather that they didn't find anything in his prostate and they said if it was if if it's there it's too tiny they can't even find it. You know I think it was a blessing because sister Sharon had just given a testimony by her father just before. So I was in great expectation because I knew the spirit of God was moving in that area. Um, we were on our way to brother Josh's graduation yesterday and my truck just got out the shop. So, I think it is fine, but the front g the front seal broke on the transmission again that they just put in. So, I had to end up getting it towed and we had to get a rental. But, while we were sitting there waiting for the toe to come, there was a gentleman that was well, I'm walking around trying to figure out what's going on. I smelled the transmission fluid and whatnot. And there was a gentleman that followed us off the highway and he took his time before he came over there. My wife said, she said, "Sweetheart, that man been over there for a little while just peeking, seeing it, you know, when he was going to come over." But when he saw me lift the hood up, he came over. He said, "Yeah, you were, you know, going down the road. I saw spill all over the place, you know." He said, "It smells like transmission fluid." So that was the confirmation. I said, "Okay, well, I got to call somebody, get a rental." So on and so forth. Well, my wife said, "Well, there's a tow truck right behind us." I said, "Well, no, that's not a tow truck. I saw another truck, but the tow truck was directly behind me, so I didn't see it." So, I looked back. I said, "Oh, okay." So, I'm on the phone with the um the the mobile mechanic. You know, they wanted to charge extremely too much just to come out and diagnose the vehicle. So, after that, I walk back while I'm still on the phone and my uh the gentleman said, my wife was actually talking said, "Sweet, I'm on the phone with the uh the uh the mobile mechanic. So, you go and you know try to get his attention so he don't pull off." So he ended up waiting. My wife was talking to him and then when he came over I said I told him to hold on and after he held on for a while. The gentleman came out and he said, "Well, I'm a transmission mechanic." So he looked under the vehicle. He said, "Yeah, the seal is broken." so on and so forth. But I'm saying all that to say the Lord had everything in position, you know, just to get us where we needed to go, you know, and and you know, and I I I just know in my heart that that was that was the Lord showing grace to my precious brother over here for his accomplishment because, you know, I called brother. I said, "Brother, I may not make it." So on and so forth. He said, "No, just take care of your family, but someone's pressing on my heart. No, I got to get there." You know, and all of those things transpired and God moved in a supernatural way to congratulate that young brother and I thank the Lord for it. Amen. Come on up, brother Greg. Hold on. Hold on. Brother Kimma wants to intervene here. I got to say something because brother Charles called me yesterday. He said, "Brother, I got to come." I said, "Brother, take care of your family. you you know I was looking at you still over there and you got to make it all the way over here and you probably gonna get there when it's done and then I thought I told my wife I said no we have to blend our faith together with the brother if he have that amount of faith that he's going to make it we have we cannot stand in his way let's push oursel to the side and trust the Lord. Amen. And when we got there, the seats were I'm like, "Okay, we got to get the seats because brother Charles coming." And lo and behold, I received a phone call. Brother KMA, we've made it. I y'all made it. Y'all went to the uh to get the uh rental and then y'all ma they made it on time. So, don't ever get in anybody's way that believes Well, that's something. And talking of faith, that's what I'm up here to do. Um, you know, we're supposed to confess things before they ever happen. So, and um I'm supposed to have cataract surgery next month and I was looking at what they do and all that and I told my wife, I said, "You know, the Lord can heal this." And Brother Brandham told that story about the fella at the garage uh fixing his car and they couldn't find out. And this guy walked in and he knew exactly what to do. Well, that's the way I look at things. The Lord designed these bodies, you know, and he he's the chief mechanic. So, uh, so I'm confessing through before this group of believers that I am not going to need that cataract surgery. Amen. Praise God. Well, you remember he asked that little girl that didn't that didn't have eyes, "What color do you want?" And she got it. Amen. Praise God. Praise God. I do not have any prayer requests this morning, but I'm sure we have each one of us, if I came by and asked you, you'd have something on your heart this morning, whether you want to speak it or not, or write it down or not. Let's stand this morning and hold these things in our heart for the Lord. Brother John, do you mind coming up and praying this morning, Lord? Come on, brother. Amen. Amen. Amen. Lord have mercy. Lord, thank you. You are the high and lofty one that inhabits eternity, but yet you dwell with those that are of a humble and a contrite spirit. Thank you for the atmosphere, Lord. An atmosphere, Lord, within this little body of believers, an atmosphere of love, an atmosphere, Father, if you cut it, it will bleed because there's life in it, Father. And you say by this all men would know. Hallelujah. That we are your disciples. If we have love one for the other, Father, thank you for all the wonderful testimonies, Lord. Your grace upon your children, Lord, we are called by your name. Thank you for our leadership here, Lord. Brother Steven Simbo and his family, Lord. Oh God, we how we appreciate you. It's your flock, Lord. Sometime we have a tendency to say my church, but Lord, it's your church. It's the undersheperd. Lord, you've appointed who you want to feed your children. And we thank you. Amen. Yes, Lord. Every time we come, Lord, you fill us, Lord. You feed us. Amen. Amen. With the bread from heaven, life in it, Father, the bleeding word. Yes, Lord. Lord, thank you. Bless the service, Lord. Lord, look upon every need. You know, nothing's hid from you, Father. Oh, God. We just thank you, Lord. And we look to you. Bless the tithe and the offering, Father. Oh, God. We just look to you. You're our help in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. We do have a couple of specials this morning. I'm going to invite Sister Gift up this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. God bless the saints. Storms of life are raging. God's darkness fills the earth. The strive among the nations, pest your lands and famine and wars on every hand. Valance sweeps through the land. The word of our Lord reveals a place of refuge where the rightous can run and be [Music] saved. When we run the blood, the death angel can slay us. We'll be safe till we're ten away in a moment. We'll be gone. We'll be taken from this world out of time into eternity. [Music] Out of darkness, holy light, out of death, into life, out of time, into [Music] [Applause] [Music] eternity. The storms of life are raging. cross darkness fills the earth. The strife among the [Music] nations, pestilence and famine and wars on air. [Music] hand by your lens sweeps through the land. But the word of our Lord reveals a place of refuge where the rightous can run and be safe. [Applause] When we're under the blood that death ain't true, we'll be safe till we're ten away. In a moment, we'll be gone. will be taken from this world out of time into eternity. Out of darkness, into light. Out of death, into light. Out of time, into chaos and confusion. Men's hearts are filled with fear. as terror strikes around them. Despite all destruction, they still cling to worldly cares. They keep living in despair. But the children of God abide in safety and peace far away from the uncom of the rock. We are completely sheltered as we wait for that last trump to serve. In a moment, we'll be gone. We'll be taken from this world out of time into eternality. Out of darkness, into light, out of death, into life, out of time, into [Music] eternity. And there comes a time when the spirit of God will depart. [Music] Then none shall be healed and none shall be saved. This world is again falling apart as the prophet said. So enter it now before it's too late. [Applause] Oh, in a moment we'll be gone. We'll be taken from this world out of time into [Music] eternity. Out of darkness, into light. Out of death, into light. out of time into eternity. Yeah. No more darkness, only light, no more death, only light out of time into eternity. Saints, host, spread your wings. Prepare for flight. Faster than the speed of light. Out of time into [Music] eternality. No more darkness, holy light, no more death, holy light. out of time into eternity. Saint spread your wings. Prepare for flight. Faster than the speed of light. Out of time into eternality. [Music] Out of darkness, into light, out of death, into life, out of time, into [Music] eternality, out of time into Oh no. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. I've asked brother Zach to sing his song this morning as well. Amen. Praise God. God bless you all. I have to testify about something that's been burning on my heart. Um, so I'm taking this course right now for HVAC and uh I wasn't going to testify about it until after it was over, but brother Greg said uh we should testify before things happen. So I was like that's that's my sign. I got to I got to testify about this. So, uh, it's a really hard course. Um, they have multiple quizzes and tests, and it's it goes on, uh, between like a basically a three-month period, and it's it's a whole bunch of quizzes and tests, uh, basically every week. And so, um, I've had I've been in it for a month now. And so, I've taken two quizzes and one final exam. And it has three parts. and uh then a final exam at the very end. So um it's it's really strict. So they basically uh you can't fail qu like uh you can't fail more than two times or else you're out of the program and you can't be late or more than once or you're out of the program. So it's very strict. It's like a boot camp. Yeah. They basically take two years of experience or two years of schooling and they compress it into two and a half months. So, um I recently had my first exam and it was a two-part exam. It was a practical hands-on and then there's a written portion and I got 100% on both of those. That is all God. That is all the Lord. I give all glory to God for that because there's so much that I could say about this. How I'll be sitting in class and the things are just clicking for me and and it doesn't even it doesn't even make sense how it's all coming together so quickly because of how fast-paced it is. And it's just prayer and God answers answering prayer just putting everything together for me. I know that he'll take me through the rest of this program with no issues. I have full confidence. So, I just had to testify about that before it even before it even happens. And I know who I am because I know who he is. Amen. [Music] I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation was only the start. Now I am chosen, free and forgiven. I have a future and it's worth the living. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by nature. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. Oh, why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. I know who I am cuz I know who you are. The cross of [Music] salvation the song now. Pray and forgive you. I have a [Music] future. It's worth living. I was made to mean tending a grave. I was called by raised back to life again. I was [Music] faithful. Why would I make a bed in my shame when a mountain of grace is running my way out? And I was born. Hallelujah. You call out my name. So I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. You buried my past. I'm not going back. Hallelu. You call out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. You were in my I'm not going back cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to die again. I was made for. So why would I make a bed in my shame when the fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was faithful. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's stand. We'll stand. We're going to invite our pastor out. Give him his time. Amen. Everybody, I'm I'm excited every time I come here to see what's next. What are we going to hear next? What's the Lord going to show us? Hallelujah. [Music] Holy believe. [Music] Oh [Music] believe. All things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Only [Applause] believe. Ally believe. All things are possible. Ly believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I [Music] believe. All things are possible. Only I believe Lord I believe. I believe [Music] [Music] one more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is [Music] here. All things are [Music] possible. Jesus is king. Jesus is king. [Music] Jesus [Music] is all Lord Jesus is. Amen. You believe it this morning. Let's give Jesus a big clap off. Thank you very much, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. God richly bless you. You may be seated a little bit. God bless you. Amen. Jesus deserve a big big big wonderful clap of such a big prophecy being fulfilled. [Applause] We should even stand and clap hand for the Lord Jesus Christ. Because we believe a true message, a true message of the hour. Amen. It's a vindication that this message is true. Amen. Glory to God. You might be seated. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Praise God. Oh, glory to God. Can you hear me? Okay. Oh, glory. Glory. Glory to God. I have to flip the board so you can see this picture. Amen. Amen. Amen. What else do you want? What else? Huh? What else do you want? What else do you want to happen? A woman with a purple garment. It happened. He say either president or vice president. How many option do you have? Now she became a vice president. What the argument of? And the people in the message was waiting for her to become president. And God pushed Donald Trump to block that because the prophecy is already been fulfilled. And brother Brandham say mark this down. If it doesn't happen, I'm a false prophet. Did it happen? Brother Brham say there will be another president who's going to be a Catholic. Did it happen? And Joe Biden fulfilled the prophecy. Did it happen? Yes. Yes. The Bible spoke about the last Trump when no one thought Trump is going to run again. Did it happen? And an incident happened when Trump was piercing the right ear. Come on. You don't remember this anymore. He was a servant to the high priest. Come on. and he went and made a picture of him wearing the pope clothing telling you that the Catholic is already on the power and it doesn't take too long a pope from the United States [Applause] and his name is Leo which is the last son of the zodiac speaking about the coming of the Lord. And when the enemy comes like a lion, like Leo the lion. Amen. There is also seven thunders that are roaring like a lion. So it's Leo against Leo. Leo against Leo. We are ready for the fight. We are ready for the hour. Wake up church. The time has come. It is beautiful to be in the message. It is beautiful to believe the message. It is wonderful to believe the message. That's why I'm proud to be in the message. People play with brother Brandham so much. This is a vindication. That's why God took a picture with him. [Applause] What else do you want? Should I push you to come to church? Should I push you to believe the message? The time is late. [Applause] It's time to wake up, brother Glenn. No more playing church. When what the prophet say happened according to the Bible, you must listen to the prophet. And when you listen to the prophet to to the prophet, that's when you prosper. Are we together? Are we together? You go read that prophecy again. Brother Brandham said the shallowminded will go into the confederation of churches. The shallow minded, the one that don't like deep things. [Applause] [Music] Your mind is shallow because you don't go in the deep things. You need the thunders. [Applause] Amen. Amen. What else do you want? Leo the 14th. We talked about number 14th. You remember that in question and answer. You remember that? It's a complete circle. Very Brandham say 14th means seven churches of Israel and seven churches of the gentile. You remember that in question and answer. And the pope is coming as number 14, the last church of the gentile. That's why seven planet were lineup. I'm not going to preach on prophecy, my friend. If you notice, it was first six planet to line up and the seven one waited for February the 28th and it was and when it was February the 28th that's when the last one line up because the bride according to the preview the last one will get offline but the prophet will scream go back to line and the zodiac has told you that the bride is coming back to That's why the second oil is open. That's why it's a different anointing. God is bringing the brand back to line. [Applause] What else do you want? You should thank God every day to be part of the message. Yes sir. Because modern event are made clear by prophecy. There are people in this message, they look at the pope, they don't even understand. Hallelujah. And do you know what? Do you know what? Come on. Now you taking my minute. Do you know what? Do you know who fulfilled the second seal? The first seal it's the white horse rider. The second seal is the red horse rider. And he had a sword. He because he was a killer. That's why his sword he that's why the color was red. And brother Brandham said through that, do you follow me? The devil the Catholic church killed 68 million. Amen. That's right. Amen. It was an anointing of massacre. That's why he was red. Amen. Blood. Amen. Are we together? That's why in Revelation 17 when you look the woman is drunk with the blood of the saint. Amen. And the one who initiated the massacre. Are we together? His name is St. Augustine. Of hippo. Amen. Do you remember him? And he came up with a law that anyone who doesn't believe the Catholic Church heretic. He's a heretic and he must be put to death. Are we together? And because of that and brother Brandham said the Holy Ghost came to him to baptize him and he rejected the Holy Ghost. I have quote after quote are we together and he came up with a law and his law put to death 68 million people. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? And he opened up the order called the Austinian order. Are we together? And since he opened that order, no pope came from that order. Are we together? And the first pope, come on now, brother. Come on now. That came from that order, brother. of St. Augustine Hippo is the American pope. That's exactly right. Glory to God. I hope you are understanding sir. The first pope that is coming from that lineage to God is the American pope. What is he telling you? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. [Applause] Because the tribulation is coming. And the foolish virgin must be killed with 144,000. I am not going to be a victim to the pope. I am going up. [Applause] If you stay in this world, you will be killed. The anointing is already there. Hallelujah. Why do you pull this stuff now? I'm not even ready to preach on it. Are we together? The last messenger was from which country? USA. From which country? So, brother Brandham is who? American. He's an American. Have I say something wrong? So, who do you think the Pope must come from? Is that a problem? Is that a problem? I'm opening your eyes, my friend. And the last messenger of the Gentile, God had something to do with his body. That's why God say, "Do not smoke, do not drink, do not touch women." Because God had to enter their body. [Music] right there. To fulfill Luke 17:30. Yes sir. Yes sir. Are we together? Yes sir. And according to brother Braham when me and you are going up the devil will enter the top [Applause] [Music] church of the living God. You remember when we were preaching about the beast and the seven heel and everything? You go to the Vatican, seven here and brother Brandham was given seven heal with his name on seven heels. Seven he got the devil answer. Can I continue? Can I continue? Can I continue? For those that were in a married couple meeting yesterday, do you know when the pope was born? Nine month after the prophecy and he was a boy and the pregnancy of a boy take nine month. Go verify. When brother Brandham spoke nine month, the pope was born. So brother Brandham saw his pregnancy. [Applause] when his pregnancy was entering the ego scream. And say there is a pope that is coming from America. I am an American. I am in America. A pope just enter. And the eagle eye is the one that can detect and tell you what is going on. In other words, the eagle eyes saw the pope and scream. He said, "There is a pope coming. [Applause] Where else should we go?" Lord Jesus, you have the key of life. This message is everything. This message is Jesus Christ. Whatever brother Brandham tells you to do, don't argue. Do it. Don't lean to your own understanding. Lean on the prophetic insight. Because it's that serve the Lord. Don't wrestle with the message. If the message say take earring off, take it off because the message is preparing you. Take the high heel off, take it off. Take the t dresses off. Take it off. Respect the message. Humble before the message because the message is right. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] You see people are still joking online, arguing, fussing, debating. There is no time for debate. If somebody doesn't believe it, leave him alone. Keep your eyes focused. I'm not in this pit to debate. I'm here to deliver the message and to live and believe the message. Period my friend. And brother Brandham said the bride will be driven out of the Methodist Pentecostal and this and we got those denomination in the message. So brother who you are following me online you in the dead church and you don't listen they don't want to read brother brand I'm in that church and you still staying there and the message is the blood when you remove the message you remove the blood you You are staying there because it's a family church. You are staying there because you've been there 20 years. You got used to it. But your wife is struggling. Your husband is struggling. Your children are struggling. Come out. [Applause] You who after the money, your money will stay here. Your money will stay here. Instead of going to church, you saying you you are you after money. Your money will stay here. Me, I'm a dentist. I don't have a problem. When my savior come my cabinet, I leave everything. I'm going with my savior. Whoever take over it, that's the problem. Are we together? Are we together? We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. [Applause] It's impossible for something like this to happen and me keeping my mouth because the because they open their big mouth too long and the critic mouth must be shut because God is interpreting his own word by bringing it to pass. [Applause] What a precision. What a precision. What else do you want to wake up? You waiting for Los Angeles after all of this is happening. You're still waiting for Los Angeles. Really? What are you waiting for? [Music] Sooner they will close the churches. But we got the devil answer, bring the pressure and watch the third pool. [Applause] Do you see what the prophecy is doing to you? You knew the prophecy. And when it happened, what did it do to you? It got you excited. So when you see the pressure coming, the anointing get you excited. In other words, it's time for fight. [Applause] It's time for fighting. In other words, the opening of the seals. We cannot be surpassed [Applause] just as expected. [Applause] Hey, hey, hey, hey, Lord Jesus Christ. My friend, everything is if you miss, if you were playing, go back on YouTube, you will find when we talk about the beast, the seven here. Go back and review all of that again. Go back again and review because as a message church, when we say beast, it should not be a new vocabulary. You should be right there. If it's a new vocabulary, we need to watch the pulpit. Right. Right. Hallelujah. You cannot be in the message 20 years. You don't know what the beast is. In other words, you don't even know who you fighting against. [Applause] Amen. War everywhere. Trump thought he can make a deal with Putin. Do you know what happened? Putin back up. Because prophecy will dictate. According to prophecy, Putin must destroy the Vatican in United States. I won't be a barbecue. You stay here yourself. I won't be a barbecue. I am a god. I came from God. I'm going back to [Applause] God. Amen. Brother Glenn, we got something else to preach, but I can't bypass without touching prophecy. Uh because this should make people of God jumping, dancing. [Applause] Because when prophecy is happening, no, I will get to that. I will get to that. I will get to that. Let's leave it alone. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] We intended we intended the roof of the extension. When you came there, you saw the roof a little bit elevated. We intended to flush the roof. Come on, brother. With this roof right here, right? We intended to flush everything. And the measurement of that intent was 6 by3. 6 by 12. Yes sir. And for some reason an error was made and the measurement changed 7 by 12. [Applause] What? 8 by 12. The measurement change 8 by 12. My god. My god. You think it's a coincidence? When he changed, he took the third roof and elevated it. So now the church have three roof. [Applause] And they cannot change those trusses. They are made one time custom made. So there is no going back. Now you got a roof at the entrance. A roof right here and a third roof like the tabernacle. [Applause] [Music] My friend, let me preach. My friend, let me preach. In other words, even your mistake [Applause] It's a godly mistake. Hard to swallow. Hard to swallow, my friend. Let's let me preach, my friend. Let me preach. [Applause] [Laughter] Hey. Hey. I'm leaving the message. I'm putting a video. I left the message. I'm putting my video. I am in the message. I won't leave the message. This is my video. I won't leave the message. I love the message because I am the message. [Applause] [Music] Jesus. [Applause] I don't know if some of them are in the hospital at this time. You playing with a fedicated prophet. [Applause] [Music] It's a rocket. A rocket. A rocket. A rocket has so much precision to make a cloud that matches off man. What a rocket. It's a seven seal rocket. [Applause] [Laughter] You poke the wrong guy, my friend. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] You want to leave the message? Where will I go? You have the word of life. Going where? To go where? Hey, I'm already in safety. You want to pull me out of safety? Uhhuh. Hey. Hallelujah. Wake up, church. Get yourself consecrated. Get closer to the word. Amen. Forsake everything that is contrary to the word. [Music] Because the message is Christ. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Don't be afraid. No, sir. All is well. All is well. [Music] [Applause] How can God see the pulpit? Don't see me. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. He saw me when he say I sent you Elijah the prophet. That was me. Yes sir. [Applause] Brother Glenn, I need to preach, my friend. [Laughter] [Applause] The whole message is already been preached. Ah, the president from United States, the pope from the United States, the the prophet from the United States. All of them line up. Do you think it's a coincidence? [Applause] [Music] Going on. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Yes, sir. Thank you, Jesus. Because my eyes are open. Thank you, Jesus, because I'm in the message. Thank you, Jesus, because I believe the message. Thank you, Jesus, because you gave me the Holy Ghost. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Amen. Any family members here? God richly bless you. You see you land in the family, you not you not you you part of anyway. We know you. God richly bless you and welcome to spoken word. Anybody else? Welcome to spoken word. Amen. I believe we are all up to date with the sermon. We're reading our Bible. Cood church ages 70 weeks of Daniel the seal adoption or somebody is listening and loving the message of Yahweh. Amen. Amen. Our question and answer. I'm still waiting on the deacon to give me the date. Lord's willing. We had a wonderful married couple meeting yesterday and by God grace it seems like we close even though there were couple point that were bought to me. I will see how we will do that if either we will I don't know if we will get another part or we get a half of that part and move to the next one and see if we can cover those point but it took a while. We went court after court after court after quote for those that were there yesterday. Even the last quote was the quote that summarizes everything about birth control and ectopic pregnancy and all of that. We covered that yesterday and gave you all the scripture in detail. Now you understand what brother Brandham says about birth control. I went into a much deeper deeper study compared to what I gave to the young sisters and the young men. So before you get married, see the deacon. Amen. And go listen to everything. I gave quote and scripture. Quote and scripture to line everything up together so that is clear. Amen. So I will see what I would do with those two point that was that were brought to me and we see where that we going to have part seven or part seven. We flip it and we go straight toward the finances. And I will stay again in the word and in the message of the hour. That's the way I shoot. The remaining you take it somewhere else. But here the word and the message of the hour. Everybody clear? Amen. Happy Mother's Day. Amen. Young man, we see you on June the 7th. Brother Robert, I believe I cover everything. Praise God. So now, let's go to the reading of the word. [Music] My subject this morning, ah, flight attendant, prepare for takeoff. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly tonight. Father, what a joy in our heart Lord to see the day that we are living in a glorious day where prophecy have been fulfilled one after the other. Father, reassuring to us that the ggoing time have arrived. Lord, Father, we thank you for the prophet. We thank you for this message. We thank you for being part of this word Lord of this end time because we ourselves we are the seed. We are the word of the living God. Lord this is as far as I could go with the ability you have given me. But when he come Lord father to teach and Lord father to preach and to minister to your children. It's only an action of the Holy Spirit. Father may you move me completely out of the way. May you come down and speak to our soul Lord. Be the beginning and the ending and bless those that are here and those online Lord. Father in Jesus precious name. Amen. My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment. Amen. Last Sunday I have to switch the team because we were unable to finish. So I called the team Mary and Martha. Amen. I'm putting those team for quick reference because if you go part one, two, three, you won't remember which part is what. So when you look online, you will always see the team that give you a clue exactly on this part. This is what we dealt with this part. This is what we dealt with. So it makes life easy. So now our subject today is what we left is a multi-purpose life. Amen. Amen. a multi-purpose or multi-purpose life. Multi-purpose life. And let's see if we can finish Lazarus. And if we finish Lazarus, that will be great. Then we pick up Christ. And then if we pick up Christ, that will be wonderful. Then we see what do you do when you are in season and what do you do when you are out of season? Amen. That when we finish that one, then we try to begin to come back up to the surface, the book of remembrance, and then begin to pick things left and right and try to get up from party for house so we can move to the prisoner. Do you see where we are? So, we will try by God's grace to come up slowly, pick up the book of remembrance. You know, the book of remembrance again, huh? and then pick it up again and keep moving and climbing and clinging and clinging. Then back again to party for house. Now let's go to the prisoner. Then we change the garment. We Okay. Amen. But before we even come up over there, remember we are under the blood in the golden altar. So before we climb up, we have to take the blood that goes under the altar. So we pick that one up and then climb up back up. Amen. You see where we are? Ah, glory to God. Let's go to Genesis 15. Ah, you go so deep until you begin to forget what is up there. But we got the GPS. So we pick up Christ, we pick up the other one, then we go back up, pick up the blood that goes under the altar, and then we move on and pick up the book of remembrance and move on and continue to go move on until we come out of the house of party. Amen. Uh Genesis 50:15. If you're there, you can say amen. All right, my friend is there. Good. Genesis 50 verse uh 15. The Bible say, "And when Joseph's brethren saw that their father was dead," you remember this, they say, "Joseph will perhaps hate us and will certainly repay us all the evil which we did to him." When people do bad things to you, they think that you going to you are the same breed as them. I know, right? [Music] You might be seated. They are expecting revenge. I am not a revenge. God is the one that will avenge me. Amen. And not everybody is like you. You mean I'm not mean. I am a good seed. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. And they sent a messenger to Joseph saying, "Your father did command before he died, saying, "So shall you say to Joseph, forgive." He's using the leverage of the father. Amen. I pray you now the trespass of your brethren and their sin, for they did you they did to you what? Evil. And now we pray you forgive the trespass of the of the servants of the Lord of the God of your father, the servant of the God of the father doing evil. Amen. Amen. And Joseph wept when they spoke to him. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face. In other words, let's do this quickly before we get in trouble again. We accept. We agree. We agree with the vision. The vision that you save me. We agree. We don't want any more trouble. We agree. Amen. Amen. And his brethren also went and fell down before his face. And they say, "Behold, we be your servants." I thought you say, "You're not going to rule over us." And Joseph said to them, "Fear not, for am I in the place of God?" Now, what's wrong with you? Amen. Verse 20. This is where I'm going to draw something. But as for you, you thought evil against me. Remember the the evil came because of the vision. Are we together? You okay? Right. It is the vision that pull evil. Amen. Because division can only develop in the presence of evil. You can only develop under an American pope. [Applause] You need that pope in place. It is good because for the bride, he's going to do something to you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh, glory to God. He says, "You taught evil against me, but we clear who was thinking evil, brothers. The brother were thinking evil." The brethren, the brethren of Joseph, Amen. were the one thinking evil. Why? Because of the vision until they say let's kill him. So we will see what will happen of the dreams. Amen. You thought evil against me. But you following me? God meant it for what? Good. So the evil they were thinking, God needed it. Amen. The word meant means intended. It means plan. That meant means meant means intended or plan. In other word, God the vision God gave pull evil and as evil is coming, God begin to plan, he begin to use the evil. Amen. Amen. He's using the evil to what? Can we read? He say you taught evil against me but God meant it to what for good. So God will use the evil that is coming toward you. Amen. Do you follow me? And use that evil for good because all things [Applause] in your life work together for what? Good. So it doesn't matter what is coming up. If it's good, good. If it's evil, no problem. I don't know if you get it. If it's good, good. If it's evil, no problem. There is a software that is there to change evil toward good. Amen. So the input is not the problem. The output is what the problem is. But the output is expected. [Applause] Are we together? The output is always good. [Music] So what can the devil do to you? You do me good. Fine. You don't do good. No problem. No problem. You're not doing good means good. Amen. Amen. God meant it what good to bring to pass. Are we together? As it is what this day to do what? Save much people alive. So God needed that he needed that fire to start cooking Joseph. Amen. Because Joseph was raw. Amen. Are we together? So God put Joseph in a pot and seasoned Joseph with everything and God was waiting for the fire. When fire came he said that's what I was looking on. Start bowling Joseph and he's boiling the pit in Pifer's house and everything until you well done. Then they deliver you to save what? Much people alive. Verse 21. Now therefore fear you not. I will do what? Nourish you. Did they know their evil was for their all good their good also? Nope. Really was. You didn't get it. The evil that they were thinking to I mean against Joseph was working for their own good. Amen. [Music] Because now they begin to reap the benefits. Exactly. In other words, Joseph is telling them, you talking to the wrong guy. I don't hold grudges. I just understood something that whatever you were doing was working good for me. And now it was also working good for you. Because a God has a a characteristic when you are a god. A God brings rain on the good and the evil. [Applause] [Music] Ah, glory to God. He says, "So now, therefore, fear you not. I will nourish you and your little ones, even your even your children." And he comforted them and spoke to them how kindly. In other words, they were expecting you. Say, "I'm fine. I'm fine. There's nothing wrong. It's okay, my brother. All is well. I'm sorry, brother Stephen. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. All is well. It's okay. Go sit down. I'm okay. Can I buy you a little lunch? [Applause] You meant evil. You see how we turn? Any question so far?" No sir. Any problem? No. Let's go to Jeremiah one. You're doing good. So don't hold me again. Remember the minute you took need to be returned. As a Christian I cannot charge you usery. So I will keep the minute that you take. So no [Laughter] interest. Jeremiah 1. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Jeremiah 1 verse4 follow me carefully if you there you can say amen verse four the Bible says then the word of the Lord did what came unto me saying before I form you you Pope Leon have I say something wrong Amen. Before I for you where in the belly that belly means the womb. Are we together? Let me make this illustration because you got to get this. This is planet earth. This is the ecuador. Okay. The belly that need to carry uh Jeremiah is in the earth here just to make some laces or what? Okay. All right. Are we together? So the belly that need to carry uh uh Jeremiah is here. Are we together? Are we together? And God is somewhere here. I'm just picking this as an example. And God say before I form you here this is the earth. Amen. We clear now. He said before I form you in the belly. I knew you. Amen. Amen. So God knew Jeremiah before he entered the world. Amen. Are we together? God knew Jeremiah before he enter planet earth. God already knew him. We clear right? We clear, right? In other word, what we dealing with now has nothing to do with Jeremiah in the earth. It is, brother. I'm getting somewhere. Amen. Amen. Amen. It have to do with Jeremiah in eternity. That's exactly right. Take your time, Lord. Amen. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. So, Jeremiah is right here. Brother Jeremiah is right here in eternity. Amen. Amen. Now, God is telling Jeremiah, "Before you entered the earth, I know you." In other words, me and you were somewhere. Exactly. Right, brother. Are we together? So, Jeremiah existed before he exist. That's exactly right. Glory to God. Have I lost you? Jeremiah existed before he exist. Amen. We clear? We clear? Okay, let's go. Before I form you in the belly, I knew you. We clear. And before you come forth, out of out of the womb. In other words, before your delivery day, which they call your birthday. Amen. Truly, you don't have a birthday. That's right. That's right. [Applause] I know we love happy birthday, but you don't have a birthday. Amen. H you don't have a beginning of days, no ending of life. You are an eternal creature. Truly, you don't have a birthday. The birthday is your delivery day. That's what we call birthday. That's a delivery day. Happy birthday. My birthday. My No, my delivery day. They didn't celebrate my birthday. They didn't celebrate my birthday. They didn't give me a gift. Your delivery day. Have I said something wrong? Have I said something wrong? The Bible say before you came forth out of the womb, I did what? Sanctified you. Do you know what the word sanctify means? Right. Brother Brandham say sanctify means to clean and set aside for service. In other word, God position you. God set you apart before you even are born. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? So you were set apart. Not here. No sir. You were set apart where? Not here. In eternity. This is where you were set apart. Yes, sir. Amen. The true word is you were sanctified. Amen. Amen. Amen. In eternity. So everything here is happening in eternity. You're not born yet. You are not form yet. Yes sir. So God knew you. Eternity. God set you aside. Eternity. God sanctified you. Eternity. God clean you. We clear now. Before you came forth out of the womb, I sanctify you. Come on. And I ordain you. Follow me carefully. Keep your seat belt. Okay. And I ordain you a what? A prophet. So Jeremiah was a prophet way inity. Eternity. Ah, if you continue like this, we won't move. Jeremiah was a prophet where in eternity. In his mother womb. When he was delivered. When you recognize him to be a prophet. When was he a prophet? In eternity. Hallelujah. Jeremiah was a prophet. Where? Hallelujah. Sister, you were a singer. Where? When were you singing? Eternity. Sister, you were singing where? In eternity. Father Angel. Where were you singing? In eternity. [Music] No, no, no. You were singing when you start playing at home. No sir. Why is your voice different than my voice? Why is it that I cannot sing like you? Amen. Why is it that when they begin to manufacture you in your mother's womb, The surgeon angel was working more on on your throat [Applause] to refine your throat. Amen. Because the angel that was working on you has a blue has a brother Robert has a plan and the angel put the plan and he was like this one is oh correct reshape this very good and the angel goes like this he reshape and he goes and the angel tune you amen Amen. [Applause] This is the problem. How am I going to preach if you continue like this? So you were two in eternity. Any problem? No. Okay. And then I ordain you to be prophet to what? The nation. Even the nation. Amen. that you going to go were already prepared where eternity in eternity. That's correct. Eternity. So clearly we see here that everything about you. Yes, sir. Do you follow me? You know this Jeremiah here is a spiritual Jeremiah. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. We clear? Amen. The Jeremiah in the mama's womb is a natural Jeremiah. Yes, sir. Are we together? The spiritual just enter the car. Oh, the clothing and begin to walk in the clothing. Are we together? So, whatever is about this Jeremiah here, do you follow me? Has nothing to do with the earth. Amen. Yes, sir. He has nothing to do with the world. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I don't know if we get together. It has nothing to do with the cosmos. Or the order of the world. Amen. Amen. Let me help you a little bit. William Marion Brham, we read this. Brother Brandham say now who could doubt that that's what Paul saying that's Paul's scripture that's Paul's writing that is what he taught his church the church how positionally before the foundation of the world so these things all of these thing happened before they even make the world yes sir amen so the world was not even in existence Your deal was done. You were completed. I know what I'm saying, my friend. And brother Brandham say the church positionally when before the foundation of the world when God in his what? Labor pain. So who was giving birth? God. Amen. Amen. You have a problem when I say God. Because man was created in the image and the likeness of who? God. And man is how? Male and female. So God is how? Both. So God was giving birth. Amen. The female part of God was giving birth. Amen. Now you okay? Amen. Are we together now? Have I lost you? And then he said God in his labor pen was doing what? Bringing forth. So there is two deliveries. Take your time. There is a delivery here and there is also a delivery in eternity. Are we together? Are we together? He said God in his labor pain was bringing forth bringing forth who? You. Knowing what you will do. Amen. Now you begin to understand because the message in the Bible are perfectly mine. He did what? Placed you in his own what? Body. Jeremiah, you're going to be a prophet to be a what? A housewife. So a housewife is a position. That's right. Because some of you it's a problem in the message when we say you need to find your position. Everybody always think about the church position. I must be a singer. I must be a preacher. I must be a deacon. I must be a trustee. No, you might not be a singer. Amen. But you have a position. Amen. Just being a mother. Amen. It's a position. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So, don't let the singer intimidate you. Don't let the preacher intimidate you. Amen. The preacher has a position. You have a position. Amen. Yes, sir. Are we together? He says to be a what? A housewife to be a what? A farmer. To be a what? A preacher. To be a what? A prophet. To be this or to be that. He blesses you how positionally. Watch this my friend in the message while lead Bethlehem. Brother Brham was talking about brother Williams who passed away at that time. And brother Brandham say I believe that brother Williams did what? Serve God's purpose in life. in his life. A real father. So a real father is a purpose. Amen. [Music] It's a position. Amen. Amen. [Music] That's right. So if you never preach the gospel, it's okay. As long as you are a real father. Amen. Are we together? Brother Brandham say, and I see his darling companion who? Mrs. William sitting here. a real husband that is one of God's what purpose purposes because God have many purposes. Amen. God has many purposes. Multi-purposes multi-purpose. Are we together? Yes, sir. That is one of God's what? Purpose. A father. One of what? God's purposes. And he was dramatized to God by what? The Holy Spirit. God's man what purpose. Amen. Amen. Amen. So the supreme purpose the Holy Ghost. And after the Holy Ghost housewife, real father, singer, whatever, farmer, this and that purposes. Are we together? Amen. But what I'm trying to draw here is everything here have nothing to do with what is here. Matter of fact, it was done before the foundation of the world. Amen. Amen. Are we together? I hope you going to swallow this. Now, let's continue. That was verse five. Now, let's continue. Verse six. In other words, God told Jeremiah, "Listen, forget about everything. I'm going to take you somewhere over there. I knew you. I already predestinated you. You're going to be a prophet. All your work was already done. Yes, sir. Look at the reaction of Jeremiah in the world, in the earth, inside planet earth. God took him before planet earth. Now Jeremiah is in planet earth. Look what Jeremiah is telling God. Verse six. Then say I what? Ah Lord God ah Lord God behold a what? I cannot speak for I am what a child. Are we together? Amen. When God say you going to be a prophet, you think he didn't see your mouth. Amen. That's right, brother. Amen. You think he didn't know you going to be a child? Do you follow me? Jeremiah being born in the world begin to use the circumstances. True. Amen. Amen. or the situation, the role, the present stage of his life to contract the purpose of God. Amen. The purpose of God is eternal. Amen. It has nothing to do with your birth. It has nothing to do with who your father and your mother is. God declare God decided and that's finished. When God decided your mother was not born, your father was not born. You didn't even have a great great great grandpa. There was no earth. Adam was not even here when God decided about you. In other words, your purpose cannot be altered by your present situation. I'm going somewhere, my friend. Do you follow me? Verse uh seven, but the Lord said to me, say not, I am a child. In other words, don't use this language. Amen. Amen. Amen. You following me? Say not that I am your child. For you shall go to all that I shall send you, and whatsoever I command you, you shall do what? Speak. Be not afraid of their faces. In other words, when I send you, don't be intimidated. Amen. When you see them doing this, don't don't worry. Are we together? Are we together? The what what I'm trying to say here is your purpose is eternal. Amen. We clear and no one can destroy your purpose. Amen. And your purpose cannot be changed. Hallelujah. Because it is God's mind, God's plan for you. God will not alter his purpose because of your present situation. Amen. I don't know if we together. Let me explain it this way. The Bible say the head of a woman is who? The man. It's a man. Amen. When God says that, who gave men the position to be the head of the woman? Amen. Are we together? God didn't say the head of a woman is a working man. [Music] Amen. You didn't get me well. Amen. God didn't say the work the head of a woman is a man who is a doctor. God didn't say the head of a woman it's a man who will work five job. God say the head of a woman is what? So when you are a man, you are the head. [Music] You didn't get it. You didn't get it. Your condition doesn't make you man. Amen. Yes, sir. Your circumstances doesn't make you man. You are man by divine purpose. Amen. [Music] I don't know if you understanding me. Because we define manhood based on what happened in the earth. I don't know if you understand manhood is not defined here. Menhood is defined in eternity. Are we together? Whether your wife is more smarter than you, it doesn't make you less man. Amen. She is smart, but by design you are the head. Amen. I don't know if you getting me because men get complex. Are we together? I I wish brother Glenn was on the other side pushing the Amen over there. Amen. Men built complexes. [Applause] Back in the day, the man was doing everything. Mama stay home. Nowadays things have changed. Before you marry a woman, she has a car. Amen. That's her father gave it to her. She goes to school. She's even more even more smarter than you. She have a bank account. She have more money than you. She have a good credit. But she still need the man. Y [Music] [Applause] Are we together? You are not man only when you work. Because if they fire you, you won't be man. [Music] I don't know if you get me. You are not man. Only when you working and you bring a paycheck, then you feel that you are a man. You are conditioning your purpose based on your situation. Your situation doesn't change your purpose. Whether I work or not, I am still the man. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? You see man in a message building complexes. when he's not working, he cannot correct his wife because for him to be man, he need to wait when he get a job and make more money than his wife. What about if your wife make more money than you? Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Whatever happened is not to intimidate you. Amen. If God gave you a woman that is smart, you praise God for it. Amen. Don't fight her. Amen. When you fight her because you are intimidating. Amen. Amen. As much as as big as smart as that woman is, God so fit. Uhhuh. That you are the head. Amen. In other words, appreciate your wife. Amen. Work with her. Amen. But just know that she needs you. Amen. Don't look at her intelligence. Amen. I believe my wife is so smart. So I need to do things to prove to her that I'm a man. Error. Don't do anything. You don't do anything. When she was talking to you through courtship, she already told you you the head. Amen. She already told you she the head. Well, at that time you didn't have anything sometime. But she was looking for a man. When a woman say be a man, it's not about money. Amen. A man is a man by purpose. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. In other words, your present situation cannot change who God purpose that you do. [Music] Some of you, if we say your wife is not feeling good, can you clean the dishes? Do you know the first thing that come Hey, I'm not going to be man. You don't understand. Man is not defined by cleaning the man is defined by God. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? That's why brother had no problem putting an apron and going to help mid. He was not a problem. He didn't change brother Brham. He's still the man. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] I need to be the one with the biggest degree. I need to be the one making a lot of money. I need to be the one who have the best opinion so that I'm going to be man. And now you and your wife are fighting. No, no, no. You the one that started the fight. Uhhuh. Because you are doubting who you are. Uhhuh. [Applause] You are not confident on what you are. Uh-huh. When you are confident in what you are, a confident man doesn't have a problem to receive advice from his wife because she's a help. She's a help meat. She was put there to help you. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? If my wife give me eight advice and all of them are correct, I'm still the man. Matter of fact, that intelligence is mine. [Applause] Because in eternity, Sister Sharon was connected to me and God split me and puts my stuff in Sister Sharon. So when I'm getting married, I'm recuperating what belongs to me. Are we together? Are we together? I'm a man. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's not manhood. Brother, I'm saying manhood is not characterized by that. A man is character has by his word. Amen. Not the masses. By character. That's right. Amen. I'm a man because God said so. That's right. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? I'm a man because I'm different than you. Your anonym is different than mine. So God by design so that I am the head. Amen. I don't know what if you understanding me. I don't know what you understanding me. The fire brother, he lose his job. He begin to build complex. Now it's my wife who's working to help me. I don't feel like a man anymore. When you were a child who Elijah, are you a man? Are you a boy or you a girl? You are a boy. You are a boy right there. Do you work? Did he change you? Did you bring money? Do you pay bills? He's still a boy. Amen. But if the Elijah begin to say, "I'm a man. I'm a boy. I'm a boy. Something is wrong. Something is wrong." You begin to doubt something. Amen. I'm the head of this house. I'm the head of this house. Uh-uh. I'm the head. My wife knows I'm the head. Amen. Are we together? I bring food. I'm the head. I don't bring food. I'm the head. Amen. I work. I'm the head. I don't work. I'm the head. Why? Because God says so. Amen. God say the head of a woman is a man. That say, [Applause] why should I be intimidated? Why? Why should I be intimidated? Remember, I'm the head. Why should I remind you? Why should I remind you? I know who I am. That's why people don't understand my confidence. Because I know who put me as a pastor. So when I talk to you, I'm fine. Amen. I want to remind you, remember, I'm your pastor. Uhuh. I'm speaking as a pastor. I'm talking as a pastor and I'm expecting you to listen. Amen. Why we fighting? You fighting against your own help. Come on. No, my friend. Even if your even if your wife is taller than you and you are shy, you are still the head. Because on the day of wedding, she will be waiting for you to remove the veil because you are the head. What I'm trying to say is your position cannot be determined with what is going on on the earth. Your position is determined by predestination, by what God say you are. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? You are home. You say I'm the woman of this house. I'm the woman of Hey, what's wrong? Who told you you are the man? And so who you fighting with? Who you fighting with? We know who carried the baby. We know who carried the baby. Where is the problem? Do we sit and argue who's going to carry the baby? We know who carried the baby. And there's no problem. We know who's going to carry the pregnancy. Do we argue about it? It is given by God. Amen. Yes, sir. No matter how much you can claim that you going to carry the baby, you don't have a womb. You are not designed. Amen. That's it right there. You can change your name. You can change the way you walking. You can dress like a woman. You don't have a womb. Amen. [Music] By design you are not a woman. Amen. You are a man. Amen. Any question my friend? Any question my friend? Start fasting at home. Amen. Are we together? Your position is not given by what is going on here. Amen. Your position is given by God. Acknowledge what God say and move on. Yeah. Amen. When you speak, speak according to what God says. Honey, tomorrow we go in there at 10:00. God bless you. You move on. That's right. I don't have to sit and say, "You remember I'm a man." Something is wrong with that authority. Something is wrong with that authority. And you see men begin to work up to prove their manhood. Uhhuh. To be accepted by the wife. It's a problem. Don't build no complex. Amen. Whether whatever happen at home, remember who you are. Amen. Any question my friend? Any question my friend? We clear? Amen. On verse seven. Praise God. Amen. Amen. I'm still reading the Bible. Let me run with reading the Bible. The Bible says, "Say not that I'm a child." Because God is telling him, "You a prophet." He begin to show God that he's a child. He cannot be a prophet. And the same thing happened to Gideon. Amen. That's right. If you notice, Gideon was a coward. Uhhuh. And Gideon was hiding food. But when the angel of the Lord came, the angel of the Lord never came and say, "You coward." The angel of the Lord saw Gideon hiding food, being afraid, and he call him mighty man of her. Amen. Do you know what Gideon say? me. I came from the poorest family. I came from the rich family. Who told you poverty determine a mighty man? Amen. Who told you that? In other words, God don't mind what is going on. God say mighty man of valor. Amen. He look at Gideon. He say go with the might that you have. You will deliver Israel. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You are built for a purpose. Amen. You are a purpose. Amen. Amen. Amen. And God will do everything in your life. According to the purpose. Amen. The Bible says that in whom also we have obtained what? An inher inheritance being what? Predestinated in eternity according to the what? The purpose of him. That purpose is in eternity. Of him who does what? workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. So whatever God sign here when you enter this earth everything in this earth God is maneuvering everything according to what happened in eternity. Amen. So your prayer against what happened in eternity won't happen. Amen. Won't be elsewhere. Amen. You will receive a juicy no. Amen. And I know is better because it's against your purpose. Amen. Amen. I don't know if you coming. Amen. If you a man, you cannot tell God, make me a woman. No. That prayer won't be answered. No. God will say no. And that no is better. Uhhuh. Because it's contrary to God's purpose. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Uhhuh. The Bible says, "For we are what? His workmanship." Done what? created in Christ Jesus. You were created where? In Christ Jesus. Unto what? Good works. Which God has before ordained that we should do what? Walk in them. So you were created unto what type of work? Good works. Now Philippians say being confidence of what? This very thing. He that began a good work in you. You were predestinated for what? Good works. And he that began what? A good work in you. Amen. I hope you getting sir. You were already predestinated for what? Good works. And when God comes, he begin a what? A good work in you will perform it until what? The day of Jesus Christ. And the first Thessalonians say, "Faithful is he that done what? Callest you who will also do what?" Do it. In other words, the one who called you to your purpose, Amen. He will do it. That's right. Amen. I don't know if you get it. And the Bible says in first Timothy, if we believe not yet he a bad house faithful, he cannot deny what himself. In other words, even if you disbelieve what God told you. Come on. Amen. Your unbelief, your unbelief won't stop what God purpose for your life. Even if you don't believe, God will remain faithful to his purpose for you. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? In other words, no matter what, his purpose will happen. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Job to verse uh eight. Uh 8 8. Okay. All right. Eight. He says, "Be not afraid of what? Their faces." For I am with you to do what? Deliver thee, say the Lord. Then the Lord did what? Put forth his hand. And touch what? My mouth. Because he's a prophet. And the Lord say, "Behold, I have put what? My words in thy mouth." Uhhuh. See, I have this day set you over the nations. Over water, the kingdoms. In other words, God is anointing him. Amen. He was already set apart. Amen. Amen. To do what? To root out. And to do what? Pull down. And to do what? Destroy. And to do what? Throw down. And to do what? To build. And to do what? To plan. A child. Amen. Amen, brother. Amen. Not about your age. Right. A child. Amen. He's able to do all of this. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Job to verse uh 17. Amen. You therefore do what? Gird up thy loins and do what? Arise and speak to them all that I commend you. Be not what? Dismayed at their faces. Uhhuh. Lest I do what? Confound thee before them. Do you do what he means? God is telling Jeremiah, if you are intimidating, I'm going to terrify you. Amen. In other words, if I send you and you afraid, okay, I'm going to turn against you. Yeah. [Laughter] In other words, stand with what I say. Amen. If you intimidating about your wife, Uh-huh. I'm going to turn against you. Amen. Because I already created you. A man and you are intimidating. Amen. If you're intimidating, now I'm going to flip the table. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Verse 19. And they shall fight against you. Mhm. But they shall not prevail against you. For I am with you, say the Lord, to do what? To deliver thee. So expect to fight. Amen. But God will deliver you. Amen. Are we clear? Amen. So we understand here clearly. Amen. Brother Brham says this, recap quick. He said, I asked him for something sometime. He did what? He shakes his head. No. I need to run quickly. Amen. And then I must rejoice just as much as I can if he says what? Yes. Why? Because we always ought to ask what? Thy will be done. If if he's his knows, if that is his will, it's a whole lot better than his yeses. And if it is his will to do it. Amen. That is when you really do what? Love him. Amen. Amen. So therefore, as a conclusion, never be hesly. Take your time. Do what? Have faith. If we ask God for what? Anything. Remember God answers his prayer. He does it how in his time? Which way? His way is the way is best. Uh-huh. Makes a work just right. What for us? Because there are three element we need to consider is to everything there is what? A season. And there is a time to every purpose and what the heaven. And then as a conclusion, God set a time and has a purpose for what? Everything. Amen. There is nothing happened just accidentally to those who love the Lord and are called according to his purpose. Amen. We are how? Predestinated. We here now. Amen. And everything just right for that that purpose because he cannot lie. And he said that was so that everything has what? It's time and what? Its season. And he has what? Its way. And God is behind every move. And sometime you think that everything is going wrong. It is what? Up to us. That's your perspective. It's not going wrong. Amen. Amen. God will mean it for good. Amen. God plan it for good. Amen. Those things are put upon us. Trials and wondering, it is what? Testing. To see how, Amen. we will react on water. An action. Are we clear? Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Let's go to John 11. Let's pick up Lazarus. Oh yeah. Remember to pull my minute back. Lazarus a friend of Jesus. Amen. We already know that, right? Amen. If you start like this, we might have to stop. Lazarus a BFF. Mhm. Yes. Best friend forever. Amen. For Jesus. You want to know where Jesus is? Call Lazarus. Text Lazarus. He will tell you. That's why they say, "Lord, the one that you love." Amen. But the one that Jesus love, Jesus saw sickness coming. Instead of Jesus bumping against sickness, Jesus move. Uhhuh. And sickness struck Lazarus. And when they call Jesus, he doesn't want to come. Mhm. Amen. Amen. A friend. Amen. Amen. They send the request. They say your your friend Lazarus is dead. I mean, he's sick. Jesus doesn't come. Now, back up and let's get this. Let's go to verse four. You there? Amen. When Jesus heard that, he say, "This sickness is not to death." You know what it means now? Amen. But for the what? Glory of God. So the sickness, the trouble, the sickness. Hallelujah. The trouble of Lazarus, the trouble that happened to the friend of Jesus Christ, the BFF. Amen. Has a purpose. Amen. Amen. Are we okay? Amen. Are we okay? Amen. We go. Remember it's God meant it for good. This trouble is for the glory of God. Amen. Right. What is the glory of God? Which glory? Hold on. Go ahead. It is for the glory of God. That the son of God might be glorified thereby. In other word, it's going to be for the glory of God. Amen. Amen. And because of this sickness, the son of God will be glorified for it. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. The son of man will be glorified by it. It's a trouble, but he will bring glory to God. Amen. And it's for his glory. Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Amen. Verse seven, the Bible say then after that says he to his disciple let us go into Judea again. His disciple said to him master the Jews of late sought to stone you and you go and go you there again. So where Jesus was going is where his enemy were. Amen. the people that want to kill you. So according to verse seven, the Jews, are we together? Amen. Are enemies, bad folks. Mhm. We clear. Amen. We clear. Amen. Verse uh n uh uh 15. You can jump to 15. Amen. Jesus say, "And I'm glad." 14. Then Jesus said to them plainly, "Lazarus is what?" Dead. and I'm glad for your sake multi-purpose that I was not there. Amen. To the intent you may believe. Nevertheless, let us go to him. We clear? Amen. So another purpose of Lazarus sickness and death is for the disciple to believe. Amen. The disciple already believe but they need to be grounded more. Amen. They need to be stabilized. Amen. We clear? Amen. We clear. Amen. Job to verse 18. We're moving. Very good. Verse 18. Now Bethany was near to Jerusalem about what? 15 furongs. Which we found out it was less than two month. Amen. In other words, Bethany, Bethany was closer. Mhm. Less than two mile, you can walk. Amen. Amen. Less than two mile toward Jerusalem. Amen. So, it's easy for something that happened in Jerusalem to reach Bethany. Amen. And whatever happened in Bethany, reach Jerusalem. Amen. You don't need a flight. Amen. You don't need a bike. Amen. You don't need a bicycle. You don't need an airplane. You can just walk. If they call you right now, you walking two mile, you there. Amen. We clear. Amen. All right. Verse uh 19. And many of the Jews came to Mary to Martha and Mary to comfort them concerning who? Their brother. So the death of Lazarus attracted the bad people. [Music] Amen. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Is my Bible different? No. He attracted the Jews, the enemies. Amen. So Lazarus sickness and death. We clear attracted many many many many Jews. Amen. Many enemies. Wow. We clear. Amen. We clear. Amen. Okay. Yes, sir. Now, jump to verse 25 because we touched the other one last week. Jesus said to her before we move, the death and the sickness of Lazarus showed to us the true color of Martha. Amen. You remember last week, right? Amen. Right. Amen. Now we know who Martha is. Because at the beginning most of us have another perspective about Mart. Because of this incident we know that Mart is a true believer. Amen. She believed Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever. Are we clear now? Amen. Okay. Verse 25. And then Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection and the life. He that believes on in me, though be uh though he were dead like Lazarus, he shall do what? Live. So a believer in Christ when he die, he will rise again. Yes, sir. Amen. Yes, sir. We clear? Amen. Verse 26. And whosoever lives and believe in me shall never die. Amen. Believe you. this. You got the two order of the rapture. Amen. That's it. I don't know if we together. Amen. If you believe in Jesus Christ, you die. You're going to rise again. Amen. If you believe in Jesus Christ and you are alive, when Jesus come, you won't die. Amen. Amen. All this revelation are coming. Amen. Because of Lazarus. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Verse 27. She says, he say, "Believe you this." She says to him, "Yeah, Lord, I believe that you are what? The Christ, the son of God, which should come into the water, the world." So the death of Lazarus brought mortar into the faith of Peter. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Now, let's begin to get into the core of where we stopped last week. Verse 28. And when she said so, she had said so, she went her way and called Mary her sister. How? Secretly. You remember this last Sunday? Amen. Saying what? The master has come. And he does what? Callth for them. There is no scripture that shows us Jesus call. It's a secret. Amen. But when that secret came, he charged Mark Mary. Amen. Verse 29. As soon as she heard that, she did what? arose quickly. She arose how? Quickly. So, somebody got energy. Amen. Somebody got power. Amen. Yes, sir. Somebody got strength. Amen. Are we together? Amen. And came to him. Now, Jesus was not yet coming to the town, but was in that place. You remember this? Where Martyr met him. Are we together? Amen. Now, follow me, my friend. Very well. And then we're going to head to the airport. Verse 31. The Jews then which were with her in the house, the bad people, the enemy. Amen. They were also waiting for the thunder. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. They were calling who? Jesus was calling who? Amen. He was calling Mary. Amen. But when Mary begin to move Amen. My time is going so you need to work with me. Amen. Jesus was calling who? Mary. When Mary begin to move, she created an attraction. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Because the Jews came for the moon. Amen. They didn't come for the resurrection. Amen. They came for the morning. Amen. But the move of Mary begin to draw the Jews. That one to kill Jesus Christ from the morning toward somewhere. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. Amen. Yes sir. Are we together? Amen. If you tired, you tell me my friend. Verse 31. The Jews then which were with her in the house and comforted her. Remember they came from Jerusalem. When they saw Mary that she rose up how hastily quickly and went out they did what? Followed her. Saying she goes into the grave water to weep. Was Mary going to the grave? No. That's why the message could not be given publicly. Amen. Amen. I don't know if you get it. Amen. The Jews sought to kill Jesus. Uhhuh. If the message came publicly that it's for Jesus Christ, the Jews will say, "No." Amen. We're not going there. We don't want him. Uhhuh. So the message came in secret. Amen. And came to Mary. So when Mary begin to move, they begin to presume amen. God knows how to pull Amen. people toward him. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Are we together? Amen. If you say Jesus, they won't come. He moved with Mary. When Mary begin to move, what happened? Every Jews that was there begin to do what? Follow. Did they know where Mary was going? No. So they were following. And Mary was going toward who? Jesus. So the Jews will end up where? Where Jesus is. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. The people that are following you, they don't know where you're going. Amen. Amen. The people that are following you, That's right. They don't know really who you are. That's right. And where are you going? Amen. You are following the master. Amen. But there is somebody watching your move. That's right. Amen. Somebody follow your move. Uh-huh. We influence. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Your move will influence. That's right. And will draw the two of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. That's right. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. They seen a move going on. They say, "Who's going to stay here?" Uh-huh. And Martha gone. Mary gone. What are we doing here? Let's follow Mary. Amen. Thinking they going to the graveh to comfort her. But they were actually going to the resurrection. Amen. Amen. Amen. I hope you will get there. Amen. They came from the morning. Uhhuh. But they were not coming for the morning. No. The morning was an attraction. That's right. To pull them. That's right. Toward the resurrection. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together in the back? Where are we at, my friend? Where are we at, my friend? We on verse 30 uh 232. Then when Mary was come where Jesus was and saw him, she did what? Fell down at his feet. Mary knew the destination. Are we together? Saying to him, "Lord, if you have been here, my brother has not water died." Guess what? Mary was not the only one. Mhm. When Mary arrived, Uhhuh. they look behind. Yeah. A host of people are coming also and standing there now. They are doomed. Uh-huh. Amen. They are exposed to Jesus Christ. Amen. Are we together? Do you follow me? Amen. The Bible says this verse 33. And when Jesus therefore saw her weeping and the Jews also weeping. Now it's no longer Mary and Martha. Uhhuh. It is Mary, Martha, and the Jews. Jews. Follow me. Amen. Mary, Marta, and the Jews who are supposed to be the enemy. Amen. Follow me my friend. Remember the believer is only Mary and Mr. Amen. These are not believer. Amen. But they have been summoned. Amen. To the occasion. Amen. Not knowing what they doing. Uh-huh. We're going to find who they are. Amen. We going to find who they are. Amen. We also were enemy of the cross. Uh-huh. Until we came to Jesus. Amen. Then Jesus changed us. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Can we continue? Amen. Where are we at, my friend? 33. 33. So when Jesus therefore saw her what? Weeping. And the Jews, now the Jews are part of it. See now, and the Jews also were doing what? weeping which came with her. He did what? Growned in the spirit and was water trouble. Are we together? And say, "Where have you laid him?" Yes. Yes. Yes. They said to him, "Lord, come and see." Who said to him? They. They. Who's they? Let's leave it alone. Me, I won't answer. Let's continue. Amen. They. But we know it's not one person. Amen. They say to him what? So everybody know where they knew the tomb. Amen. They say they say to him, the Jews and Martin and Mary they say to him what? Come and see. Ah Jesus did what? Jesus wept. Follow me. Then say the Jews, behold how he love him. Uhhuh. Amen. Amen. Now the Jews begin to realize the connection between Lazarus. Amen. And Jesus Christ. Amen. He become also known. Amen. The revelation now is reaching the Jews. Mark and Mary already knew. Amen. The Jews did not know. Amen. Now they begin to know that Jesus love Lazarus. Are we going? Are we together? Verse 37. And some of them say, could not this man which open what? the eyes of the blind has caused that even this man should not have what died. In other word, some of the Jew realize that wait a minute if he love him so much. Uhhuh. Why did he let this man die? Amen. If God love you so much Uhhuh. why did he let this happen to you? Amen. If you as a Christian Uhhuh. that people knows that you love this message. Amen. Why did God leave Amen. such a tragedy to happen to your life? Amen. It is for a purpose. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. They begin to question God, not knowing what God was doing. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Watch verse 39, my friend. Where are we at? 39. Uhhuh. 38. 38. Jesus therefore again did what? growing in himself and comes to where the grave and he was a cave and the stone was what lay upon it. So now how many people went to the grave? Many a lot. Let's start it again my friend. The Jews moved from Bethany. Amen. To Jerusalem. Amen. Okay. When Mary moved, Mary pulled all of them. Oh yes. Oh yes. To Jesus. Amen. And from Jesus they go into the grave. So on the grave we got Mary, Martha, Jesus, the disciple and the juice. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] At the grave we got Mary. Amen. We got Martha. Amen. We got the disciple. And we got what? Jesus. We got the Jews and we got Jesus. Amen. The problem is not Jesus. Uhhuh. The disciple needed to be stabilized. Amen. The Jews were unbeliever. Uh-huh. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Mary and Martha, Jesus work with them already. Amen. So their faith is now check. Amen. Amen. Everybody okay? But Jesus told the disciple that this death of Lazarus is to help you. Amen. So the death of Lazarus have to help Mary. Amen. Help Martha. Amen. Help the disciple. Amen. What about the Jews that came? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Okay. Where are we at? 39. 39 Jesus say what? Take ye away the stone. Do you know he spoke to Mark and Mary? Because those faith were already stabilized. Amen. The disciples still needed a miracle. Amen. And the Jews are unbeliever. Amen. Amen. We clear. Amen. He said, "Take you away the stone." Martha, the sister of him that was dead, said to him, Lord, but this time he does what? He stinkketh. For he has been dead how? Four days. You understand what it means? Jesus said to her, "Say I not to you that if you will believe, you will see the what?" Glory of God. So what is the glory of God? Amen. Amen. If you believe, you will see what? The glory of God. So what is the glory of God? Uh-huh. The res. That's right. Uh-huh. Amen. So the glory of God was what? The resurrection. That's why he said I am uh I am the resurrection. The glory of God was what? The resurrection. That's why Jesus said this sickness is not unto death. Amen. But it's for the glory of God. In other words, the sickness is for resurrection. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. This sickness is not in other words, death is not the end. This sickness will end up in resurrection. Amen. And because of resurrection, the son of God will be glorified. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Follow me, my friend. We are in verse 41. Then they took away the stone from the place where the dead was laid. And Jesus lift up his eyes and say, "Father, hold tight, my friend. I'm going to head to the airport. Father, I thank you that you have what? Heard me. Let me leave that alone. You know what it means. Amen. In other words, Jesus already knew his prayer was answered. Amen. Jesus is saying, "I know that you heard me." Amen. But the man is dead. Amen. With a stone put on the tomb. Amen. Do you see what type of faith it's needed? Amen. Hallelujah. A faith that look at the tomb seal. Uh-huh. And somebody's thinking, but the faith say, "I thank you for answering." Amen. Let's continue. Verse 42. And I knew that you watch hears me always watch now my friend. But because of who? The people which stand what? By. So Jesus now the resurrection of Lazarus, the death of Lazarus, the trouble of Lazarus become a vehicle. Amen. that Jesus is using. Amen. Now to convert the Jews. Amen. Now Jesus is saying I'm doing all of this not for my for the people that around me. Amen. Amen. The purpose is for the Jews. Amen. Let's go, my friend. He says that they may do what? Uh believe that. Let's go back again. But because of the people which stand by, I said it. How many people stood by him? Mary, Marta, the disciple, and many Jews. Amen. We clear. Amen. That the for the people which stand beside. I said that that they may what? Believe. That you have what? Sent me. So now the purpose of the resurrection is to who? believe the the Jews. So the salvation of the Jews, Amen. Amen. was connected to the death of Lazarus. Amen. Amen. If Lazarus is not dead, those Jews will be lost. Amen. [Music] I don't know if you got the death of Lazarus has a mystery. Amen. God wanted to save a group of Jews. Amen. So God must use the death of Lazarus to attract them. Amen. And use Mary to pull them. Amen. And take them to the grave so that the Jews that were selected from Jerusalem, the elect of Jerusalem, Amen. can now believe the son of man. Amen. Amen. You thought he was a tragedy. Uhhuh. You thought it was something bad, but your testimony is going to save somebody. Amen. Amen. I don't know if you understand it. Amen. Your testimony is to save somebody. Amen. What God does in your life is to convert people. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Let's push the break. Jesus. Let's push the break. Let's go to our prayer. Lord, please heal Lazarus. We don't want Lazarus to die. You spirit of death. Go back to hell. The Jews won't be converted. Hallelujah. So the answer must be no. Amen. But the no is better. Amen. Than the yeses. Amen. Because the no is going to save the disciple. Amen. Save Mary. Amen. save martr and it's going to even save the unbeliever. Amen. So the nos are better than the yeses. Amen. The refusal of Jesus Christ had a mystery. Amen. It's a multi-purpose. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Follow me, my friend. Buckle up. I'm heading to the airport. Where are we at, my friend? 43. 43. And when he does have spoke, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus does what? Confirmed. Remember Lazarus was dead. Uhhuh. Confirmed by the doctor. Amen. And the people mourn and he didn't wake up and they took him and they put him in the grave and they shut the grave. So it's clear everybody knows that Lazarus won't raise. Amen. Now rising somebody like that, you only take God. Amen. Amen. So some people need that type of miracle. Amen. To bring them to God. Amen. Amen. Can I continue? Verse uh 44. And he that was dead did what? Came forth. How? Bound hand and foot with grave clothes. Uh-huh. And his face. So this is not fake. Amen. They know that there is nothing. We saw this man dead laying there four days. Amen. Amen. And matter of fact, we even put band-aid on him. If he was even faking, he's going to die out of oxygen. So if he's coming out, this is the truth. Amen. If the pope is coming out, this is the truth. That's right. Amen. [Music] Because it's impossible for a prophecy like that to happen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Uh-huh. Where are we at? And the man that was dead came did what? Came forth. How? Bound hand and foot with grave clothes. And his face was what? Bound about with a napkin. Uh-huh. Jesus said to them, "What? Loose him." Are you ready? Are you ready, my friend? Amen. Are you ready? Head to the airport. Verse 43. You there? Uh 45. Amen. Then how many Jews? Many of the Jews which came to who? Mary. Many of the Jews that follow who? Mary. Remember Mary pull a chunk of him. Amen. And everybody uh that Mary pull many of them that came with Mary. Amen. And has seen what? The things which Jesus did did what? Believed on him. So now Jesus get disciples by the resurrection of Amen. So the resurrection of Lazarus added souls. Amen. That's it. To the kingdom of God. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So should God say no or yes? Today now you begin to answer no. You see now you begin to say no. She say no. Now you begin to understand the mystery of no. Amen. Because there is a purpose. Amen. And when the purpose is to save lives, Joseph, no matter how you cry, Uhhuh. God cannot remove that. Amen. Because at the end, it's going to save many people. Amen. No matter how much you want to protect Lazarus. Amen. Lazarus miracle will save a lot. Amen. Verse 45. Then many of the Jews which came to Mary and had seen the things which Jesus did what? Believed on him. Watch now carefully. It pulled two two clicks. A chunk the elect was pulled. Now there was a tear that came there. Amen. Yes sir. We there. Amen. But some of them went where? Their ways to the water? The Pharisees and told them what things Jesus has what done. So they went to testify. They then gathered the water. the chief priests and the water, the Pharisees, what a council ecumenical. Amen. Amen. So, something is happening that is pushing the ecumenical. Amen. Amen. Help me. I'm trying to go to the airport. It is pushing the ecumenical council. Amen. And it's usually the resurrection. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. I'm going to show you. Give me some few minutes. Amen. Let's go, my friend. He says, and then he says the echical council and say what? What do we do? This man does what? Doeth many miracles. If we let him what? Alone. What? All men will believe on him. They begin to have faith. Uh-huh. They know that this guy here, if you let him, he keep converting people like Peanut. Amen. Everybody will believe in him. And the Romans shall do what? Come and take away both our place and and one of them name who? Cathus. The pope of that time. Uhhuh. Being the what? The high priest. The pope. The same year said to them what? Ye know nothing at all. No. Consider what? It is expedient for us. Uhhuh. That one man should die for the people. Uhhuh. And that the whole nation perish not. Verse 51. And this he spoke what? not of himself. Uhhuh. But being high priest that year, Uhhuh. he prophesied that Jesus should die for that nation. Uhhuh. And not for that nation only. But that also he should gather together in one the children of God that were scattered abroad. Ah, so the miracle of Lazarus save the elect and crank the persecution of Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Because Jesus was a deity in service, Amen. to die, Amen. He took Lazarus, Amen. to activate the prophecy, Amen. of the death of the Messiah. Amen. What is happening in your life, is going to trigger something. Amen. Amen. Amen. The miracle that is happening in your life. Amen. Is bringing something. Yes sir. Amen. It is more than yourself. Amen. It will save people. Amen. And it will also trigger the prophecy. Amen. Of Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. It is the miracle of Lazarus. Uhhuh. That was the last drop that the Pharisee were waiting for. Uh-huh. To say enough is enough. Now we need to kill the Messiah. But killing the Messiah is also a prophecy. Come on. So Lazarus activate Uhhuh. bring the anointing. Amen. To all the prophecy of Jesus Christ. Amen. I'm preparing this so next Sunday I will pick you up in Jesus Christ. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It took Lazarus story to anoint Kaiapas. Uhhuh. That's right. The anointing on Kaias came from Lazarus. Amen. Amen. Many people saved. Many Jews saved. Activation of the prophecy. Amen. Of the Messiah. It's not finished. Where am I at? 53. Go to uh John 12 and then let's finish here. It's it is just below you. John 12 verse one. You there? Amen. Then Jesus Mhm. sixth day before the Passover came where? To Bethany. Continue. Where Lazarus had been dead. Uhhuh. Whom he raised from the dead. Ah. He went back to the one who raised from the dead. Follow me my friend. And we hit the T there. They made him a what? A supper. And who serve? Martha served. Who serve? Martha. Who serve? Martha. Martha. Martha. So when Jesus is hungry, he goes where? To Martha. I have a quote. I leave it alone. Okay. And then there they made him a supper. And Martha saved. But what? Lazarus was one of them that sat at the table with him. Follow me carefully. The Passover happened. Remember the Jews, please help me. The Jews have three feast. Uhhuh. They had seven feast. Out of the seven feast, there were three specific feast. And those feast draw them to Jerusalem. Right. Amen. Amen. You follow me? Amen. Every year according to the Passover, every Jews have to go to Jerusalem. So and the the miracle of Lazarus happened before the Passover. Amen. So another attraction was taking people into Jerusalem for the Passover. Do you follow me? Amen. And Jesus leave Jerusalem. Follow me my friend. And went to Bethany and sat at Lazarus table and was eating in Lazarus house. But the fame of the resurrection of Lazarus is going. Amen. So the resurrection of Lazarus combined with the Passover, follow me, my friend. I'm almost done. Where are we yet? Job to verse 9. Amen. Job to verse 9. Amen. Watch again. Many people of the Jews therefore knew that he was there. Now there was already a chunk that believe. Amen. There now are the Jews that were not believers. Amen. Many of the people of the Jew therefore knew that he was there and they came not for Jesus sake only. Amen. But that they might see who? Lazarus also whom he raised from what? The dead. So the attraction is where to Lazarus. So they are coming. So so the fame is going and he keep pulling the Jews. Amen. Right. Amen. Now it was not only those that were at the grave but new Jews when they heard they say where is he at? Let's go see Lazarus. So Lazarus continue to bring souls. Amen. Amen. The testimony of Lazarus. Amen. Continue to bring souls. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Almost my friend. Where are we at, my friend? 10. Verse 10. Amen. All right. Let's go to verse 10. But the chief priest consulted that the man put who? Lazarus. Lazarus. What? Lazarus offic. Please read with me. I'm going to the airport. Amen. The Jews did what? Consulted that they may put Lazarus. Consulted that they might put Lazarus also what? To death. Why? Verse 11. Because follow me my friend. That by what? Reason of him many Jews what? Went away. and did what? Believed on Jesus. How many Jews believe on Jesus because of Lazarus? Many. Is the prayer no bad or good? Good. In other word, even after because of Lazarus, people begin to get in the kingdom of God. Amen. And the Jews look, they say, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know what? Leave even Jesus Christ. Go attack Lazarus." Amen. Because it's Lazarus now who's beginning to bring souls. Amen. If Jesus is no longer here, but you are here. Uh-huh. That's right. The devil is against you. Amen. Because Because of you, Come on. Because of you. Amen. Because of you. Amen. Many people. Amen. Who believe this message? Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. I'm almost done, my friend. I'm coming down to the airplane. Where are we at? Job to verse 12. Glory to God. Amen. Let's go to verse 12. I'm almost gone. Amen. On the next day, what much people again? Lazarus. Number one, people came to the grave saved. Number two, at the feast, many people came saved. The Jews saym destroy Lazarus. Amen. Because Lazarus, they love we are losing comfort. Uhhuh. Our church begin to lose people. Amen. People begin to leave our message church. Uhhuh. To go to the church of Lazarus. Uh-huh. Amen. Have I said something wrong? No. Okay. Verse 12. On the next day, many people that were come to the what? The feast. Remember, they came to what? The feast. They were coming to the feast of the Passover. But Lazarus event was created to trouble the Passover. Amen. Instead of them going to the law, the miracle of Lazarus is now turning them from the law to Jesus Christ. Amen. God. In other words, God put Lazarus as a billboard. As you come into the Passover, Lazarus say go this way. Amen. Forget about the old lamb. The lamb have come. Amen. The lamb of God is here. Amen. Because I was dead and now I'm alive. Uh-huh. Amen. I was dead in sin. Amen. And God has quickened me. Amen. And now I'm alive. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Watch this, my friend. Where are we at? 12. Uh 12. And then they came to the feast. When they heard that Jesus was coming where? To Jerusalem. Remember Jerusalem was where they didn't like him. Follow me carefully. When the Jews came to Bethany, they get converted and they go back to Jerusalem. Many came converted, go back to Jerusalem. Many came converted, go back to Jerusalem because Jesus is going to make an entrance. Amen. Of prophecy. Amen. Uh-huh. So Lazarus is pulling the pieces together. Amen. Glory. The prophecy is that Jesus will come on a donkey. Uhhuh. But people must be there to welcome Jesus. Amen. But those people were before enemies. Uhhuh. So Lazarus must convert them. Uh-huh. So that they can be ready. Amen. To fulfill the prophecy. Amen. So Lazarus is pushing the pieces. Amen. Of the prophecy, Amen. together. Amen. Your presence is pushing on is pushing the pop. Amen. Is pushing. Amen. Amen. I'm almost done, my friend. I'm coming down with the airplane. Are we together? Amen. Keep your seat belt. I'm going to hit the tarmac. Amen. Where am I at, my friend? 13. Let's go to 12. On the next day, many what? Much people Uh-huh. that were come to the feast. Uhhuh. When they heard that Jesus was what? Coming to Jerusalem, they did what? Took branches of palm trees. Do you think an enemy would do that? No. Who furnished those people? Who furnished the audience? Because Isaiah prophesied. Uh-huh. That the Messiah must come. Amen. But the Messiah was not alone. Uhhuh. The Messiah was with the donkey, with the disciple, and the people that are welcoming the Messiah. Amen. So the people that are welcoming the Messiah are part of the prophecy. Amen. So they need to be prepared for the occasion. Amen. And Lazarus miracle is the one that is preparing everything. Amen. In place so that Isaiah prophecy can be fulfilled because Lazarus miracle already trigger kaias. Amen. Multi-purpose life. Amen. Your life is a mystery. Amen. It's abundant of purposes. Amen. It's a purposes. Amen. You have more purposes. Come on. Amen. Let's go, my friend. Verse 13. They did what? They took branches of what? Palm trees. And went forth to meet what? Meet him. How can you go meet him? You must be converted. Yes, sir. So, how did they get converted? Uhhuh. Because of Lazarus. Uh-huh. So Lazarus was creating the those that are welcoming Jesus Christ. Amen. Jesus look he said the prophecy must be fulfilled. There are people that need to welcome me. Where are they at? They under the denomination of Pharisee and Sadducees. Let's go to Lazarus. Poke Lazarus. When he poke Lazarus conversion, conversion. Conversion. He said they ready. They ready. How many are they? It's 250 that need to welcome you. They already Lazarus miracle already here Jesus say let me enter. Amen. Watch what happened my friend. They took the branches and palm tree and did what? Went forth to meet him. Uh-huh. And cried what? Hosana. Uhhuh. Blessed is the king of you think a Do you think a Pharisee would do this? No. Do you think a Sadducee will do this? No. They already prepared to kill him. So he must be converted. That's right. You It must be those that are following Jesus Christ. Amen. But these are not the disciple. Amen. These are the Jews that were converted. Amen. Amen. And they are crying water. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed is the king of Israel. That does what? That cometh in the name of the Lord. The king is coming. Uh-huh. And as the king is coming, those that have been converted. That's right. Under the miracle of Lazarus are dancing. Amen. Hosana. Uh-huh. The king is coming. Amen. Hosana. The king is coming. Amen. Hosana. The king is coming. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. This is why we are shouting. Amen. Hosana is coming. Amen. Hosana. Amen. Is coming. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Let me finish with this my friend. Are we together? Amen. Why? Because your presence Uhhuh. is causing more stuff than you realize. Amen. This church [Music] [Applause] has multipurpose. Amen. It is proving that the message is right. That's right. In the same area. Amen. That the message was rejected twice. This church is a vedication. Amen. That's why we are shouting hosana. Amen. Hosana. Uh-huh. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. The king is coming. Come on. Hosana. The pop is in his place. Hosana. Prophecy has been fulfilled. Amen. Now we can shout hosana. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's finish by this so that next Sunday I will pick up Jesus, Lord willing. Oh, go to verse 17. Note 14. And Jesus when he had found the young ass sat there on as it is what written prophecy being fulfilled. That's what daughter of Zion. Behold what? The king come like the king coming. Cometh what? Sitting on the ashes shing the daughter of Zion. Amen. And Zion is the bride. Amen. The daughter of Zion. Amen. When the prophecy has been fulfilled, the daughter of Zion, Amen, is having palm, Amen. Our Palm Sunday, Amen. When the prophecy is fulfilled, Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let's go to verse uh uh 16. These things what? Unders understood not his disciples at first, but what? But when Jesus was glorified, then remember they that these things were written of him. Uhhuh. And that they had done these things. Follow me carefully and I finish here. Verse 17. The people therefore that was with who? Him. When he called who? Lazarus. Out of his grave. And raised him from the dead. Did what? Bear record. For this cause the people also did what? Met him. So they met him. Why? Because they witness. Amen. Do did you see that? Right. On verse 17, it was the people that were there when they were raising Lazarus from the dead. They were the one that went to meet Jesus. Amen. I'm going to drop something, my friend. Amen. Let me read it again, then I drop something. Verse 17. The people therefore that were what? With him. When what? He called Lazarus. For the people that witnessed, Amen. Take your time. The resurrection. Amen. Of the dead. Mhm. That died and their death hit corruption. [Music] Because the only one who didn't hit corruption is Jesus Christ. Amen. Everybody else that die reach corruption. Amen. But there will be some that reach corruption, but some that will witness. Amen. There is the resurrection. Amen. Of those that are dead. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Have I lost you? No. There is two group. Uh-huh. There is Lazarus dead. That's right. And corruption. That's right. And there is the living. That's right. There is the dead. And the living. Amen. Both the dead. Amen. And the living. Amen. Enter in Jerusalem. Amen. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. So the living the living people that believe on Jesus Christ that will see the resurrection both of them will be combined. Uhhuh. The dead in Christ. Amen. And we that are alive. Amen. Will join together. Amen. And enter Jerusalem. Amen. And when we enter Jerusalem, hosana. Amen. Hosana. Hosana. Hos our loved one and the living one. We are entering Jerusalem. Hosana. Hosana to the king. Hosana to the king. The hour has come. The pope is in place. Sooner the dead in Christ will rise. Amen. And we will join together. Amen. to meet the Lord in the air and we will enter Jerusalem. Amen. Glory to God. Hosana. Hosana. Spoken word. Hosana. Your king is coming. Leo the lion is coming. Your king is coming. God bless you. God bless you. Let's stop here. Glory to God. Musician come. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Yes, sir. Are we together? You have a bigger purpose than you think. Your life is a bundle of purpose. Your life has many purpose. You're not just living your life for yourself. Your life will save people. Amen. Your life will bring people to Christ. Your life will prepare other for judgment. Your life, the presence of the bride in this earth is what is pushing prophecy. Even Donald Trump don't know what he's doing, but you know what you're doing. It is because of Abel that Kane was protected until Abel and Kane are separated. The resurrection of your savior. My friend, where are you at? Brother Brandham say what? What? What? An assurance upon what? Which is what? The resurrection. The resurrection of our blessed lover. Who? Lord Jesus. Nothing can destroy it. It has been what? It is how the seed of God. It is the purpose of God to give us the blessed Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. It is the purpose of God to show us sign and wonder. It is the purpose of God and nothing can destroy it. All power of hell might do what? But it will prevail. We have God's eternal what? There may be what? There may be what? There may be great programs. There may be things that look like they will be destroyed, but he can never be destroyed. It is the purpose of God to see that he does what? Then it's not up to me. It is not up to you whether it will be destroyed or not. It is up to God. And we can rest assure that that God will never let your our what our heritage be what? For it's his purpose to do what? And I have a news for you. The children are an inheritance of the Lord. So nobody can destroy my children. No one can destroy my children. Even though they don't believe, they won't be destroyed. No one will destroy your children because they are the inheritance. God gave it to you. No weapon, no weapon that is formed against you shall what? And every tongue that rise up against you to judgment, you shall do what? This is the heritage of the servant of the Lord. You got a tongue to speak, a tongue to create, a tongue to heal. No one will take that away. It is the power of the third. God bless you, church. We love you. Brother John, come. Come. Come, my friend. Hey, God bless you. Listen, before before we sing, all the mothers that were not present yesterday, there is a gift for you in the hallway. Amen. [Music] If you want to know If you want to know where I am going, where I am going, if I am going [Music] soon, if anybody ask you Anybody ask you where I am going? Where I am going? Where I am going soon. [Music] I'm going up and yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. Going up to be with my Lord. I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. Going up yonder. Going up yonder to be with my Lord. [Music] Now I can take the pain. I can take the pain. The heartaches they bring. Heartaches they bring. The comforts in the wings will soon be gone. As God gives me grace, I'll run in his [Music] race until I see my Savior face to face. [Music] I'm going up yonder. I'm going up beyond. [Music] Going up beyond to be with my Lord. Going up beyond going up. I'm going up to be with my Lord. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture to be with God. We're going in the rapture. The rapture. We're going in the rapture. In the rapture. We're going in the rapture to be with God. Y'all are dismissed. Enjoy your Mother's Day. Hallelujah. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture to see with my soul. Oh, we're going in the rapture. We're going in the rapture. I'm going in the rapure to be with my heart. Now I can take the pain. I can take the pain. The heartaches they bring. The heartaches they bring. The comforts in knowing I'll soon be gone. As God gives me grace, as God gives me, I'll run his praise until I see my savior. I'm going in the rapture. In the rapture, I'm going in the rapture. [Music] I'm going in the rapture to be with my Lord. I'm going in the rapture. [Music] I'm going in the future. I'm going in the to I'm going up. We're going up. We're going up to be with the Lord. Oh, we're going up. Going up. We're going up. Going up. We're going be to be with our Lord. [Music] Now, if you want to know, if you want to know where we're going, where we're going, where I am going so soon. So if ask you anybody ask you where you're going where you're going soon. [Music] You're going up beyond. [Music] We're going up beyond. Going up yonder. We're going up yonder to be with my Lord Jesus. We're going up yonder. We're going up yonder. [Music]
