################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 69 - Bro. Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 69 - Bro. Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6KVki09Xvas
========================================

[Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] My comfort, my shelter, power of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship [Music] you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty give praise to our king. The mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Lord forever I'll love you. Forever I'll stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. Let's sing it again this morning. [Music] My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty mighty love. [Music] My comfort, my shelter, tower of reues. [Music] Let every breath and all that I am. Never cease to worship you. [Music] Oh, shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty give praise to our king. The mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy and the word of your hand forever. I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you, [Music] my Lord. Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. [Music] One more time. [Music] Nothing compares to the proise I have in you. [Music] There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you my Jesus. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. [Music] Lord is true, Lord. There's none like you, Lord Jesus. Lord, your presence is overwhelming this morning, Lord. I was standing back there with brother Logos, Lord, and we could feel you back there already, Lord, before the service even started. Lord, what a wonderful thing to think, Lord God, that you're here waiting for us when we come through those doors. Lord God, you come to express yourself to us this morning, Lord. We're your children, Lord. And we want to know, Lord, what's on your mind today, Lord God, we want to make you feel welcome, Lord, enough to sit down on the pew this morning next to us, Lord, and just tell us something, Lord God. It doesn't matter, Lord. As long as you're talking and you're speaking, Lord, and you tell us, Lord, that's all that matters, Lord. Just like a child's anxious to hear from their natural daddy, Lord God. We want to hear from our daddy this morning, Lord. We ask, Lord God, that you forgive us of anything that may hinder that this morning, Lord Jesus. Cover us by the blood, Lord God. We plead the blood and just come, Lord God, and anoint our musicians this morning, Lord. Anoint our singers, Lord. What a wonderful thing, Lord, to have these singers here, Lord. Bless our technicians this morning, Lord, that everything goes just right for you. Lord, we know that the audience isn't just what's before us here, Lord, but it's also across the lines, Lord, across the waves, even across the seas, Lord God. So, we want what we experience to go there, Lord, and to have them experience it as well. And Lord, bless our pastor this morning, Lord, in that little room up front, Lord. And just bless him this morning, Lord. Lord, let nothing hinder what you have for us, Lord. Let those lips of clay speak freely this morning, Lord God, without hindrance or time, any of it, Lord. Just speak what's on your heart to us this morning, Lord. There is none of none like you, Lord God. We didn't come to hear from a man or from each other. We came to hear from almighty God straight from the throne. So have your perfect will this morning Lord in each life. Speak to us Lord where we need to hear it in our lives. And may we surrender ourselves to you Lord once again and rededicate ourselves for you have given us so much Lord. You've given us so much Lord. Let the whirlwind be known this morning in the little building. Lord, have your perfect will. We give you all glory, honor, and praise, Lord, in everything that is sung this morning and spoken in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And amen and amen. Y'all turn around and greet each other. Let's give the Lord a hand this morning. Without him, this meeting would be nothing but in vain. We can do better. But let's give him a clap offering. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. [Music] Now, if you're in the battle for the Lord and the right, keep on the firing line. And if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. You just keep on the firing line. There are many dangers that we all must face. If we die in his glorious place in the service and we'll find a place to find the fire [Music] and never glory behind. You will win for the right [Music] You want to fly around you [Music] cheer be rewarded. and for your service here. You must fight against [Music] you. [Applause] [Music] And we get to heaven for we all the And now for the [Music] fire [Music] that we have to Jesus with a shout of we will Jesus. The mighty life behind [Music] you. How would you be free from your burden of sin? The power in the power [Music] is power. There is power. In the fresh blood of the lamb, how would you be free from your passion and power in power? [Music] There is power power you [Applause] power power in the preious blood of the lamb much wider than the power in the power See our lost in his life. [Music] There is power power. [Music] in the preious blood of lamb. How would you deserve it? Oh Jesus. Power in the power in you. [Music] Power in there is power. Power. There is power. Power in the preious blood of the lamb. Now as I journey through the land, singing as I go, pointing soul to Calvary. Yes to that crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on his way. I must win. And I want to see you [Music] sing forever on the streets of glory just my care to rejoice now when it is for my lord dark night but I'll bring more close to him and He will give me life. Satan said my soul and turn my heart inside. But my Lord go ahead. He leaves every time. And though I want to see him look upon my face forever, I receive praise on the streets of glory. The lady is my voice. My pass to rejoice. Now when I turn around tonight and behold my savior, he's leaning in the fight with a tender hand of stretch for he's guiding me. I can see as I go. I know I want to see him. Look upon his face forever. I see on the street of glory just my voice. My pass to rejoice. Now he will rise from the mighty my heart. He doesn't me and he leads me gently on through this world. He's a real me and I want to see him. Look upon his face forever on the streets of glory. I care last. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face forever. I've been singing praise on the streets of glory in my voice. My last to [Applause] praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's sing it one more time. So, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Let's give him a clap offering this. Amen. [Music] Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Y'all can be seated. I have just a little bit this morning. Praise God. So, we have a a prayer a praise report here. Um, from Brother Heeno, he wants to thank God for adding one more year to his sister Naomi and Sister Ruth. Amen. Another birthday. We thank God for their lives, for keeping them through another year. Amen. Amen. And for the grace and strength he continues to pour in them. Hallelujah. So that's not only from your family, that's from your church family there, Sister Ruth and Sister Naomi, if if she's if she's made it yet. So let's um remember and a prayer request for brother Bernardi needs a touch in his body today. Um we want to remember him. And I have a I have a prayer request here. Uh Sister Yokth sent me this morning. This comes from uh her church family back in Trinidad and says, "We'd like to we'd like the Saints to join us in prayer for brother Philillip uh who fell from a scaffolding on Friday. Uh he is in the ICU and still unresponsive. He has damage to his lungs and kidneys. Uh he sliced the main artery that flows to the heart and brain with a broken rib in his sternum and his hand is also broken. They have machines that are helping him breathe and monitoring him for infections as they took out blood clots and tied the artery. So his name is Phillip, brother Phillip. Um, you don't happen to know his last name, do you, Sister Yog? Do you Ram Bash? Ram Bash. Ram. Okay. Ram Bash. Okay. So, let's ask God. That's a big That's a big deal there. When I read this, it broke my heart to think about um everything that this man's going through from the fall. So, let's stand. Yes, ma'am. Okay. Sister Angela's dad in the hospital. Okay. CMC Maine. Okay. Okay. Brother Kimma, do you mind coming up, sir, and leading the congregation in these things? Let's hold these two in our hearts. They're family. Amen. Doesn't matter the distance. It's just about our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we are so touched this morning because of the request that came before us. I can actually feel father god the the heaviness oh god in our hearts for for our brother Philillip dear god Lazarus wasn't even responding lord he was gone four days and the journey oh father god that you stopped him oh father and if you can bring Lazarus back from his journey lord Jesus there's nothing impossible to you this morning lord god and we blend our faith together Lord agreeing, oh father god, that uh brother Phillip, oh father, may we receive a positive, oh father god, response, dear Jesus, from the brothers in Trinidad. We're all one bride. When one hurt, we are hurt, Lord. Oh God, we believe in you, Father. We've seen you in mighty battles, oh Father God. You've done greater than this before. May you come and do oh father god exceedingly abundantly above all we can think oh father dear Jesus remember our brother Philillip this morning in Jesus name we also give the other prayer request I went before you sister Angelus father in in the hospital we do not know what's going on but you do father you are the great physician oh god as we sing as we know of oh father god upon yourself you took the stri stripes, oh Father. And by your stripes, we are all healed, oh God. May you remember those stripes that the that they were given you, oh God, by those Roman soldiers, oh Father, and may you move upon our your people this morning, Father God, that have need of your healing, Lord. We thank you, oh Father God. We believe in you. Take the remainder of this service. Bless the pastor as he comes to minister to our souls, oh God. Not him, but you, Father. May you feed us. You know every need that we have in our hearts, Lord. May you come, oh Father God, and oh God, give us the food for our day. Bless the tithe and the offering this morning. Bless the giver. We love to give you cheerfully, Father. Remember the work that's being done for this church and all that are giving online, wherever. Father, may you continue to bless that our basket may be full and that this building may stand, oh Father, for your honor and your glory as we give the service back into your hands now. Oh God, take control, take preeminence in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. Y'all might be seated. We did not uh have formally any spo uh any song requests this morning. So um before we sing onlyly believe, I've asked um Lily to come sing um song. Yeah, the whole congregation actually. She's just going to kind of lead it. So if we could stand, we're going to sing one more and then we'll invite the pastor out. Amen. Everybody happy? Amen. Praising God. [Music] You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a god in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. [Music] You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a god of anything when you give by your plan. That's just the way it is. You are God alone working for time again. You are on your throne. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and bad you are on your throne. You are God alone. You're the only God whose power I can contend. You're the only God whose name praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy. Everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way. You are God. [Music] You are on your road. You are God. And right now in the good time, you are on your go. You're unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unstoppable. Unable. You are unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. Unable who you are. You are from before. You are on your you are not. And right now the good time is bad. You are on your throne. You are God. Unchangeable. Unchangeable. You're unshakeable. Unchangeable. You're unstoppable. That's who you are. Unshakeable. You're unsable. before. You are you are right now. [Music] You are on your cross. You are not alone right now in the good time. You are all you are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Unchangeable. He's unshakable. Hallelujah. Unstoppable. That's who you are. That's who you are. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's pull on our pastor this morning. Amen. We need this word so much. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Won't leave me. [Music] Oh, we believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Holy believe. [Music] Holy [Music] believe. [Music] Only believe [Music] all things are possible, only [Music] Lord I [Music] Oh my god. [Music] I believe I believe all things are passive. Oh, [Music] one more time. Jesus is here, please. Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Jesus [Music] is [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus [Music] is king. [Music] of things Lord Jesus [Music] is. Amen. You believe it this morning. So let's give him a big clap off. Thank you very much, musician. Thank you. Thank you. You may be seated a little bit. Wonderful singing, Sister Lily. What a song. Amen. In a right time, in good time and in a bad time, God is still on the throne. Amen. Amen. Whether things goes good or bad, God is still on the throne. Tell your neighbor, God is on the throne. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Any new subscriber online, God richly bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Any family member here, God bless you. If it's the first time, second time, I see my sister-in-law, my wife, younger sister, and her husband and sister Sarah and everybody. You know what? Let me just do this. Let's go ahead and stand the whole uh if you go ahead and stand so we can welcome you. If I forget something, Sister Justine, everybody, God bless you. So, welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Thank you very much. You may be seated. If there is anybody else that I forgot, forgive me, but God bless you. You're more than welcome here. We say amen. We rejoice in the word of the Lord. We shout and we are free in the spirit. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I believe we up to date with our sermon. We reading our Bible twice a day. Good to see you, BJ. Welcome. Amen. And our COD, our church ages, 70 weeks of Daniel, the seals adoption or somebody is listening to the message of the hour. Amen. Amen. Lord's willing, this coming Saturday, it's question and answer. It's July the 19th, so the last question will be uh picked on Wednesday. So make sure you send it on Wednesday because after Wednesday, don't send me at the last minute. You say, "Hey, I have a question that I already have something to do with it." Amen. So July the 19th question and answer the Youngsman meeting is August the 9th. I'm repeating this every Sunday. So you don't have any excuse to say you didn't hear it. Amen. If you miss it the first Sunday, you're going to hear it the next Sunday. So, Young's men meeting on August the 9th, which is part two. We continue with uh uh our courtship. The reason why I had to approach the courtship with men the way I wanted uh the way we did it is because man is the head. The sister is completely a different story. Amen. So, if uh you were expecting for me to talk to them first, I mean the first time. Okay. How do you talk to a woman? Hey, let's leave that. Let's leave that down. You need to know what is a man first. Amen. And how does God prepare a man before he gave him a wife? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You should be even happy because uh my ministry is dealing with two categories. We got the older one including myself who got married without the training you are getting. I wish somebody taught me what I'm teaching you. Glor. So as I'm meditating and learning everything, I say I wish I knew this before I was married. But God by his sovereign grace didn't allow it. So you are getting everything. You are well equipped to avoid any problem. Any problem. In other words, when I marry you here in this church, I don't want to hear the things that the old generation went through. I don't know if we're together. Amen. Young men, if you planning on coming to search for a woman here, make sure you stick with what we taught here. Yes, sir. Are we together? Amen. Because of them, they were forerunner. Amen. They went through many difficulty and things. I mean just imagine you both of you are unsaved in the world and you married in the world. What do you expect? What you expect? Amen. Uhhuh. Amen. It's a crush. That's what it is. It is a failure. It's going to be argument and and and fighting and and and bickering everything left and right before both of you get converted. And then you begin to know what the word say. And then you begin to recalibrate the family. But there is a lot of scar, a lot of wound, a lot of disappointment, a lot of I wish if I knew I would not have put myself into this, a lot of treaties. Can you say amen? Amen. If you go like this, we're not going to move. Amen. A lot of marriages in the message are living by treaties. I'm responsible for what I say. We know how to fake. [Music] We know really how to fake. Especially when it's in the public. That's when we want to show that ah we are married. But truly you are living in hell. I'm not talking about denomination. I am not talking about sinners. I'm talking about what is going on in the message. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. A lot of marriages are in treaties. Treaties of peace. [Applause] In other words, there is argument for 20 years and then we came up. We say, you know what? Let me let's sit down and talk. Okay. If we want to live in peace, don't touch my phone. Right. Right. Don't look at my Facebook account. Come on, brother. You mind your business. I mind my business. And then when we need intimacy, we can give to each other. But don't get into my problem. In other words, don't push this button and we will live in peace. And the woman especially if she have more than three children she say you know what I'm going to stick in this marriage because if I leave my children are going to be miserable and then we sign the treaty of peace then we begin to live in peace preach. Do you argue with your husband? No. Why? Because you know that if you argue Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. There is a nuclear weapon. Do you know the nuclear weapon? Break it down. Break it down. Do you know what a nuclear weapon is? A cru a nuclear weapon have more destruction than the normal weapon. That's right. That's why you see they telling Iran, Iran, you cannot have nuclear weapon because they know if they put it in the hand of a crazy man, a nuclear weapon can destroy an entire city. Are we together? So there is a convention in the United Nation. If you ever try to use it, the whole world goes against you. Right? Yeah. I don't know if you understand it, but the United States have it. Russia has it. There are certain country they have it. They have it not to use now until in extreme situation. In other word, it's a weapon when they tell you if you keep pushing me. Just know I have it. Amen. If you keep bagging with me at the last minute, I'm going to destroy you. So when you hear nuclear, you back up. That's why you hear Putin, I'm going to go to nuclear. In other words, he's telling you, hey, back up. back up. And in our marriages, we got nuclear weapon. [Music] If you continue, I'm going to leave. Once you hear the word leave, then you back up. So you are living with fear. Brother, I'm saying it should not be like that. Yes, sir. I have the quote. Brother Brand, I'm saying it should not be like if you traveling, if I hear you with a woman, you are divorced. Brother, I'm say that's not it. Correct. Amen. That's beautiful. Amen. Your wife is living with you in a treaty of peace. There is no love. It's a laws. It's a bunch of rules. Amen. We should be ruled by love. That's right. Amen. Even if I make a mistake, he understand me. Amen. He love me. It is not if I make a mistake, then I'm going to be in trouble. The same thing apply with our relationship with God. Correct. I'm trying to serve God because I don't want to go to hell. It's a problem. That's right. Because if God remove hell, oh, I wonder how many people will be in church. If God just said there is no more hell, oh, you will see sister in the message in Pent wearing hearing and never because there's no more hell. In other words, we are serving God out of fear. Instead of serving God out of love based on the work of Calvary, I don't know if we together. Amen. I'm living with my husband because I love him. I'm living with my wife because I love her. My husband will make mistake. My wife will make mistake. But I still love him. I will stand with him. I will support him. I will help him. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's it. That's it. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. So the younger generation, I don't want you to go through this. I want you to hear it as a testimony, but never experience it. Because it's painful. Lord, are we together? Amen. So when I'm giving you all these instructions, soak it and enter into your marriage and never have to experience it. Amen. You don't want to sit and say, you know what, I heard too much about nightclair. Let me go tonight. Clay, when you go there, you don't know if you're going to come out. That's right, brother. So and so did it. Let me do it. You do it the first time. Pop heads. HIV. And we will see what you're going to do. Everybody else did it. No. HIV. Yours. Pum HIV. What are you going to do? I'm trying to prevent you from going that route. I want you to have the best marriage. I want your generation to reflect sir a true marriage according to the message of the hour and with the older generation we continue to cure marriages and to work and to work and to fix things left and right and change the engine and change the the the the do you call transmission and everything we keep changing until the car is running. Amen. But you God is giving you a brand new car zero mileage. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. That is the reason why I'm going the way I'm going with courtship. Amen. Amen. Because if a man is in trouble, the whole family is in trouble. That's correct. And it's a disaster. Are we together? Amen. So, married couple meeting as we fixing transmissions and everything. See you on September the 20th for part seven and December the 13th will be part A. We have to uh secure the the the facility just to avoid any more missing date. There is like three month apart or separated so you have ample time to work with your schedule and the young sisters meeting will be September the 27. It's going to be a question and answer. So send me your question so we can sit and talk. Don't wait at the last minute and night and begin to fire all the questions because I need to read some of them and make sure my way is giving you the answer by the scripture and what brother Brandham say. I don't want you to say brother Steven say amen. The building progress you continue to pray and everything is moving smoothly. Somebody tried to give a contribution online. They say there was something wrong with the website. I spoke with brother Robert. They're going to look it up again. They say they fix it already. That's was it fix? They're working on it. So, we will fix it and you will have the link that can help you give the contribution. And God bless you for everything that you're doing. Brother Joe Green sent us uh his uh flyer for the annual missionary uh camp meeting. It will start from August the 5th all the way to August the 8th. If I'm not mistaken, it's from a th Tuesday to a Friday. So if you can whenever you have a chance, if you can, if you cannot make it on Tuesday, try to see if we can make it on Thursday or if you can make it on Friday, show some fellowship because they are brothers and sister and support. But if you cannot go there, just pray for the meeting. So everything goes there. So the flyer will be put there and if you need the information, everything will be there or contact the deacon that will help you up. Amen. Amen. Anything else? Have I forgotten something, brother Tony? So let's go to the reading of the word. So all of this was introduction. I have not started preaching yet. Amen. Amen. Ah glory to God. Spoken word. I love you so much church. Amen. Oh glory to God. went to bed at 3:00. Fun stuff. Amen. My subject this morning and at 7:00 my eyes boom. Say, "Oh my god, I'm trying to close it, but it's not working." So my subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment part 69. And our theme today is last Sunday was opportunity and season. Today it's season and providence. This providence, it's God's providence. It's a divine one. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. The flight attendant prepare for takeoff. Let's go to the book of Leviticus, chapter 19 again. Same scripture. We're just going to touch up something quick and uh then we move. Leviticus 19 verse 9. Amen. Amen. Glory. Glory. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. So let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this morning. Father, thanking you again for your grace, your love, your mercy, Father, your blessings and everything you're doing for us, Lord. Father, this is as far as I can go with the ability you have given me. But when it comes, Lord, to ministering, teaching, preaching your word to your children, Lord, you only take the supernatural action of the Holy Spirit. Father, we are very limited in our own ability. So may you move us completely out of the way. Those that are here and invisible audience, Father, move me completely out of the way. May May you be the one speaking, the one hearing, the one blessing, the one interpreting. And may your power fall down and touch every aspect of our life. Heal those that are sick. Fill those that need the Holy Spirit. Father, touch those that need to be touched in a specific area. May Lord, Father, we live this building differently than the way we came in, Lord. Father, we rebuke every gloomy weather, atmosphere, influence, every spirit that will l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l l lure the people and try to put them to sleep or distract them father may we stay focused and give preeminence to the word may you be the beginning and the ending Lord in the name of Jesus Christ amen Leviticus 19 verse 9 if you dare you can say amen very familiar the Bible says and when you reap the harvest of your land. You shall not holy wholly reap the corners of your field. You may be seated. Neither shall you gather the gleaning of your harvest. Amen. You know this. I'm just touching up to make a point. Verse 10. And you shall not glean your vineyard, neither shall you gather every grape of your vineyard. You shall leave them for the poor and stranger. So the category given here is for somebody who's poor and somebody who's a stranger to Israel. Amen. So God providence for the poor and for the stranger. When in the time of harvest, the season is in harvest. Amen. So in the harvest, in the season, God already provided for the poor and for the stranger. God provided food. We clear? Amen. We clear? Amen. This is the book of Leviticus. And the five first book was written by Moses. In other word, these book were written during the Exodus because Moses never made it to the promises. I hope we together. Amen. Amen. So these books were written in the wilderness and Israel stays there 40 years. Are we together? Praise God. Let's go to the book of Deuteronomy. 23. I was trying to mention this, but since it's 23 and 24, we can read 23. Let's go to the book of Deuteronomy 23 verse three. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. Amen. The Bible say an Ammonat, we're not dealing with it. You know where I'm going. Or a Moabat or Moabat. Amen. Shall not enter into the congregation of the Lord. Yes. This is thus sayith the Lord. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. Even to the 10th generation. 10th generation. Amen. Shall they not enter in the congregation of the Lord when forever? So, do we have a room for a Moabitete? No. How did Ruth made it? Amen. Amen. So, when you see roof, you can bring the coat. Wow. Come on, brother. Come on now, brother. You say, "Sister Roof, I got a court for you. I got a court for you. Just know whatever you're doing, you're not getting here." My God. Come on, brother. Are we together? My God. Are we together? My God. That's why you heard Ruth before she goes to the promised land, she say, "My people, your people will be my people. Your God will be my God." In other words, I'm no longer a moite. [Applause] I hope we are together, my friend. Amen. Because Rof was dealing with the tribe of Judah. Amen. Amen. Rome from the tribe of Judah. Amen. And the tribe of Judah has a scepter. That's correct, brother. Amen. The Bible say the scepter shall never leave Judah. That's right. And the scepter give you power to go above the law. Glory. I hope we together my friend. Is this too strong? No. Do you remember Esther? Do you remember Esther? The Lord say you don't enter if you are not call. When she entered death the king pulled the scepter and kick the B. In other way you don't touch it. The scepter can open up a way when there is no way. That's right. And the scepter was given to Judah. I hope we together. And Ruth was entering through the line of Judah. And if you look at the lineage of Jesus Christ in Matthew 1, every strange woman entered that lineage from through Judah. Through Judah. Yes, sir. through Judah. Ruth through Judah. Rahab the prostitute. Judah through Judah because Judah is the entrance and Jesus Christ is the lion of the tribe of Judah. So we Gentile, we were far away from God. But because of the lion of the tribe of Judah, an entrance was open for the Gentile. And now we can be called sons of God and daughters of God. Amen. Now we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. We are more Jews than those that are in Israel. Because we are the royal seed of Abraham. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. No moreite. in Israel. Huh? Ruth by birth. Moabat. Hey, so God made a mistake. Oh my friend, God put the law. God already gave his word. If God want to save Ruth, God should know better than to put her in the land of Moab bird brain. Our brain very tiny like this. Amen. That's right. Then the brain of God. Are we together? Amen. That was 233. I'm reading the Bible. I have not start preaching yet. Okay. Amen. Deuteronomy 24. If you're there, you can say amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Verse 19. Amen. When you cut down your harvest in your field and have forgotten a sheath, a big one, sometime it's the juicy one that stays there. Amen. Amen. And you forgotten your sheep in the field, you shall not go again to bring it. In other words, it's God who made you forgotten. Like, oh my God, how how did I miss this? Right? And the law is coming back. Don't touch it. It's not for you. Amen. You shall not go again to bring it. You can refocus this. It shall be for the stranger, for the fatherless, and for the what? Widow. We got three things here. We got a stranger. We got fatherless. You understand this? And we got who? Widow. We got widow. Amen. It shall be for the stranger, the fatherless, and for the widow, that the Lord your God may bless you in all the work of your hand. That's right. Amen. So when you when when when things are sleeping your hand, it's also a blessing. That's amen. You who are too stingy, too stingy and no blessing. I won't get to that. I already give you a few scripture. If you want to sit with me, I will load you, perfuse you with scripture. Amen. Amen. Amen. You too stingy. $1. $2. No problem. You will get $2 and $1. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let's go to the book of Ruth. Chapter one. You're doing good. It is me and my family alone. Stingy. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. What I want you to understand here, this scripture came from Leviticus. I'm going slow so we soak in. This scripture came from Deuteronomy. This one came from Deuteronomy. So all these books were written by Moses. When he was in the wilderness, Ruth was not born yet. I hope we are together. So God provided a scripture for Rof before she was born. Amen. Amen. I hope we together. Amen. So when Ruth is born, the scripture is already there. Amen. Are we together? Amen. God provided the scripture before you were born. All of us here, we were born after the death of Jesus Christ. That's right. We clear. But when roof is born, roof is locked by this scripture which we understood already had to come out of this scripture. Go through the life of Judah and Rof say you know what my people shall be my your people and all of that thing. Amen. What I'm trying to make you understand Rof By God's grace, begin to give God glory. Say, I got a husband. I got a husband from the land of Judah. Oh, praise the Lord. I was praying for one and God gave her a husband. And she married a husband and she was living fine for some reason. No baby. Amen. It doesn't mean you out of the will of God. Leave that alone. I'm just pointing something. No baby. Amen. Amen. They said no let's hold on no baby and for some reason the husband died and roof begin to wonder say why Lord I'm too young like this and I'm going to be a widow younger are we together leader did she know that her tragedies right right hallelujah Her trial, her tribulation, right, her difficulty was were only shaping her to fit the scripture. [Applause] I hope we together because if Ruth was married, she would not qualify. She can qualify as a stranger, but she won't qualify as a widow. She won't qualif She can she won't qualify as a poor. That's why God allowed Naomi to be poor. So your tragedy are working together for good. Amen. your trial, whatever is happening in your life, everything work together for good. [Music] If what is happening in your life is not a blessing and it's something that is bringing pain, just tell the devil, you know what? He's shaping me. Yes, sir. He's preparing me to fit a promise. Yes, sir. Are we together? You remember Jim Mama? Mama. Yeah. Jim Mama, do you remember she was a widow? Correct. And if she was not a widow, she would not have used the scripture to pull brother Brandham from the airplane. But because she was a widow, sir, the her widowhood provided the scripture for her. And when she went to the scripture, brother Brham was on the airplane going somewhere else and God pulled the airplane down. The widowhood was a blessing to save her child. Amen. Are we together? Amen. I'm trying to take you to a point where everything you see in your life is God. In good time and bad time, it is God. Yes, sir. Are we together my friend? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Then suddenly the husband died. Right. Right. And as human being when a tragedy happened we usually immorphy. Correct. We we we we we try to accommodate we try to rearrange the situation to fit in and to try to live that's true with mediocrity. There it is right there. Amen. Are we together? So the husband is dead. So after all the crying everything is finished. So the figure had to live a new life of women with a husband. So they created their own clicks. I'm just going slowly. This is my way of preaching. Okay. Okay. Opa widow Naomi widow. Rof widow. So we understand one another. They have their own phone call. They created the WhatsApp chat. The word made flesh, my friend. I'm trying to make a point. Are we together? Are we together? So, they understand one another better and they created a comfort zone. There it is right there, brother. That they know how to live as we do. Are we together? But that was not God purpose for roof. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Then God begin to bless Israel. You know the story. When God begin to bless Israel, he begin to pull Naomi. In other words, God begin to disrupt. That's it. This new zone that they have created in their home. We were already fine. We were already living. We said we will stay like this. We will live with our mother-in-law until we die and God come and begin to shake the nest. What is going on again? Naomi wake up. He say I'm going back. Ah, we stuck with you so that you stay with us here and we will live with you together. I'm going back. Going back where? I'm going to Israel. My mama here, my brother here, my whole family here. Now the decision is big. Yes, it is. You know what? Let me pull myself. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. So God sometime pushes you into hard situation situations to make certain uncomfortable decisions. It's a decision that is moving you from a comfort zone. Lord, you already got settled and got used. I know my neighbor. I know this one. I know this one. Now I have to move. Now I need to get a U-Haul. Now I need to change my mailbox at the post office. I have to change my mailbox with the bank. I have to change my mailbox with my mortgage. I have to change everything. It is God that is shaking you. [Applause] Glory, glory. Are we together? Now she have to make a decision. A tough one. Tough one. She have to renounce her family. Glory. Glory. Glory. Are we together? She have to renounce her own nation and she have to even renounce her religion. But that decision was better because there was a scripture that need to be bypassed it took that pressure to make her bypass the scripture. Yes sir. Because if she didn't make that decision that scripture of a Moabat would block her but she enter Israel as a moabat in a body but not a moabat inside. He said she was a Jew because she even say where you die I die and where you are buried. In other words, don't bury me over there. A woman claiming a burial in the promised land like Joseph, like Abraham, like Job, like Jacob, all of them. In other words, I'm already identified. I will be at the resurrection. [Applause] Resurrection. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? The scripture existed first. Yes. But Ruth didn't match the scripture. So God moved in a season. Amen. The season of trial. Right. And in that season in trial, he was pruning roof, removing what need to be removed so that roof can fit the scripture. So that when Rof is coming to Israel, she can lock as a stranger, lock as a poor, lock as a widow. And with three or two scripture, no word can be broken. With two or three scripture, there is no no word. When you have two or three witnesses, the game is over. Are we together? Are you a poor? Yes, I am. Are you a stranger? Yes, I am. Are you a widow? Yes, I am, sir. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? And if you complicate her and she wait too long, a news can come from her family that her father passed away. Yes, sir. Amen. And if her father pass away, she meet again more the criteria. But it won't happen. Are we together? Are we together? What I'm trying to show you is the providence gave the scripture. Then she went through the trial. And the trial was pruning root, preparing root. Amen. To match the oncoming season. Amen. The tri was preparing roof toward the harvest. Amen. Are we together? Let's go to Ruth one verse uh 20. Amen. This is Naomi. And Naomi says verse 20. And she said to them, "Call me not Naomi. Call me who?" Mar, "For the Almighty has dealt very bitterly with me. I went out how full." In other words, I left Israel rich. Amen. And the Lord has brought me home again. How? Empty. So I came how? Poor. Poor. And poor is a qualification. If you came rich, you don't qualify. Wow. Are we together? I came up poor. Amen. Empty. Why then call you me Naomi? Seeing the Lord has testified against me and the Almighty has afflicted me. So Naomi returned and who? And Ruth the Moabitis, her daughter-in-law with her, which returned out of the country of Moab. And they came to where? Bethlehem. Look at the way Look at where Ruth went. Uhhuh. Look at the place she went. Yes sir. Where? Bethlehem. You know what happened in Bethlehem? Yes. A Moabat going to Bethlehem. In Bethlehem when in the beginning of the barley water. So God brought her. You understand this from last Sunday. God brought her where? Right at the beginning. So that she in other word roof is blending. God ting blend everything together. Yes it does. In other words, it looks like God was working everything to match the perfect time. So if harvest started on the 1st, on the 29th or on the 30th, roof is already right there. That's right. Yes, sir. And maybe Rof wonder why did we came today on the 20th? Did it know that God is now providing? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let's look at this providence before we start preaching. Amen. Let's go to chapter 3 verse one. Chapter 2 verse one. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible say, "And Naomi had a kingsman of her husband, a mighty man of what? Wealth. A rich man of the family of a Limc. And his name was what? Boaz." Remember, he was a single man, a grownup man, full of money, no wife. For some reason, God was locking this boy. Amen. He was too busy with his business that he doesn't see any sisters. But she but he had employee sisters. I'm going to show you. Don't worry. Don't worry, my friend. Ah, please help me. So, we move. Verse two. And Rof the Moab said to Naomi, if you notice, it's not Naomi who said go. You remember this? Rof herself woke up and said why am I sitting here doing nothing? This is the harvest. I remember Naomi telling me in the harvest if you a widow if you poor if you a stranger you have a right to go into the field and get free food DSS Medicaid for free provided by God. I'm saying this so you understand. Amen. America was founded by the forefather who were Christian. Are we together? And Ruth the Moab say to Naomi, "Let me now go to the field and glean ear corn after him of whose sight I shall find water." Grace. So Rof is going depending on the grace of the owner. Yes. Ruth is going depending on the grace of the owner. In other word, even though ROF knows it's a right, she still have complex that maybe if I get there, the owner will say, "You get out of my property." So, I need to find grace. I need to go through somebody who will accept me. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. If you want to if you need to if you want to understand this, drop to verse uh uh uh six. This is the chief reaper who is explaining this. He said, "The servant that was set over the reapers, the chief reaper answered and said, "It is the Moabish dmsel that came back with Naomi out of the country of Moab." And she said to the chief reaper, I won't get into that. We already got into that. This is a different type of stuff. Amen. She said, "I pray you." Look how she's pray. She's asking, "I pray you, let me glean and gather after the reaper among the sheavs." So she came and has continued even from the morning until now that she tried a leader in the house. In other words, when she got there, she saw the chief reaper and she asked permission from the chief reaper and the chief reaper let her go. So she was working by permission. Amen. Are we together? Amen. All right. Let's go back to verse two. And Ruth the Moab said to Naomi, "Let me now go to the field and glean ear corn after him of whose sat I shall find grace." And she said to her, "Go, my daughter." Verse three. And she went and came and glean in the field after the reaper. And her hap, you know what he means, right? She happened. her was to light on the part of the field belonging to Boaz who was a kindred to who you understand this from last Sunday that's the footstep of the righteous are ordered by who the Lord so what we taught because they told her Naomi said there is no more husband in me even if I get married tonight and I have a baby you won't wait for them right are we together so there was no hope for marriage but for some reason according to Leviticus and according to Deuteronomy, God provided only food. Amen. Are we together? Only the bare necessity. That's correct. Are we together? But in the case of roof, it's different. We begin to find that God is going beyond food. That's right. Amen. God is directing roof toward a field that belong to a rich single man and not just a rich but connected by bloodland to her mother-in-law. And the laws of redemption are already in existence before Ruth get there. In other word, God begin to activate another scripture, the scripture of redemption. Are we together? All of these have nothing to do with roof. The first time ROF is going, she landed in that field. Nobody gave her the address. She had this GPS. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So this season here that roof entering provided the law of redemption. Amen. And provided a husband. Amen. Let's see what happened again in this law. Amen. Drop to verse uh 8 if you can. The Bible say then say Boaz Boaz came to Ruth hear you now not my daughter go not to glean in another field. At the beginning ROF was going trying to find a field that will give her grace. Are we together? She found one. So technically she need to go back and tomorrow she need to search for another one. But Boaz removed that uncertainty. Are we together? Boaz said, "When you come again, don't go anywhere." In other word, God begin to provide an assurance of a paycheck. [Music] Amen. Yes, sir. Don't worry, my friend. an assurance of a field. Let me use your word, a field. Amen. Verse eight. Then say Boaz to roof, hear you not my daughter. Go not to glean in another field, neither go from here, but abide here fast by who? My baby. In other words, stay with my employees. Those employees were women. That's right. He had a bunch of women there, but he was still single. Oh, he was blinded to those women. But when ROF is coming, he said, Rof, you know what? Identify yourself with my employee. In other words, you found yourself a job. Amen. Amen. But your job you not working to pay to be paid. You are working for yourself. Amen. Amen. The the maiden are reaping for me. You are not reaping for me. You are reaping for yourself. In other words, God begin to provide beyond what the scripture says right here. Why? because he was the season. I hope we are together. I have not start my sermon. I'm only reading the Bible. When it's the season, you don't do anything. Are we together? Remember, I have not start preaching yet. Are we together? Are we together? When I start preaching, then you put 45 minutes. Amen. I'm reading the Bible. We got no preach. Are we together? Are we together? Okay, we on verse eight. Amen. Jump to verse N. Let your eyes be on the field. That is that they do what? Read. In other word, follow the maiden because the maiden knows the property of Boaz. The maiden knows that we got a field here. When we finish, we will go there. Roof doesn't know what belong to Boaz. So they gave her a guide, a GPS. Wow. Stay by the women. The women knows wherever you see them moving, just follow them. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So, there were women. It's a woman following woman. Amen. It's a woman that was following women and the women were following the wheat. The women were going after food and roof have to follow the women that are following the food. Amen. Amen. Let me start it again. The maiden of Boaz knows where the food is. Rof doesn't know where the food is. But in order for ROF to know where the food is, ROF have to stay behind the women that are following the food. ROF was a fish. She have to follow the little fishes that are following the food. That is the key of the ministry of brother. The rainbow trout was supposed to follow. They are the fishes that are following the Lord. I don't know if we together. Brother vision is perfectly with the word. God told brother Brandham, "Let me teach you how to catch." Because brother Brham went somewhere. Amen. Now I'm preaching something different. Brother Brandham went somewhere, God took him to a vision to a big pond. And when brother Brandham watched, there were big fishes and small fishes. And the big fishes has a rainbow which means a covenant and and they were preacher around. Brother Brham and all the preacher were fishing but they were catching only the maiden. Yes. Only the maiden. But when brother Brandham came, brother Brandham said, "Wait a minute. I just love that rainbow trout fish." And the angel of the Lord told him, "I'm going to teach you how to catch those." Are we together? Are we together? The way you catch those is number one, you put you take your bait and you put the lure in the bait. And that's the first pool. The first pool. Hallelujah. Are we together? Which is divine healing. And the angel say you throw that in the water. And when you throw that in the water, the rainbow tr won't see it. Are we following me? Brother say it will be the little fishes that will run after it. They will run after divine healing. They're always going where healing is quickly. Yes. [Music] Are we together? They will be in a healing convention. Amen. Are we together? And brother Brandham say when they begin to bite the bait, the angel of the Lord said, "Move the lure." In other words, push the food away from them. Amen. Are you together? When you move the lure, the lure of fishes will begin to follow the lure. Amen. Are you following me? And as they are following the rule, they begin to create movement and that movement will go as a wave and touch the rainbow trap. And now the rainbow th will begin to follow the little fishes that are following the food. That's why Boas say behind the m because this is a big catch. roof was a rainbow truck and Boaz was crushed and the redeemer was pulling. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? It is a fishing technique. In other words, to catch roof, you can't catch her like this. Put her behind the m and begin to move the food. Are we together? And brother Brham say when they begin to come on the second time, he say pull that. He say you will see the little fishes begin to scatter. Do you follow me? Do you follow me? When they begin to scatter, then the big rainbow is now alone. Amen. Facing the lure. Yes sir. Brother Brandham say now the angel say now prepare for the catch because now it's the third pool. It is the opening of the word. Now open up the word because that fish love the opening of the word. [Applause] [Music] Are we together? I'm still reading my Bible. We have not sat 45 minutes yet, my friend. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So, boy, I say, you know what? Stay by the maiden. Wherever the maiden go, follow by the But the maiden are going where food are. Why didn't Boas just say, "You know what? I love you. Let me marry you." Brother Brandham got a message. God have to put a type. to vindicate brother Brana message. You who are fighting with brother Brana. If you don't know anything, shut up. You don't fight with a vindicated prophet. This message is right. It is 100% blended with the Bible. [Applause] You're using your memory, your reasoning with the word of God. This word is understood by revelation. Are we together? Are we together? So Ruth was put there to do what? To follow the maiden. That's right. Let's go to verse nine, my friend. I'm still reading the Bible. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. Amen. Verse nine. Let your eyes be where? On the field. Not on the maiden. On the lure. Keep the lure. Amen. That's where the catch is. On the field that they do reap and go you after them. Have I not charged the who? That they should not what? Touch the in other word. She was now protected from harassment. My friend. Amen. When it's in season, there is protection. [Applause] [Music] Boaz provided protection against abuse and sexual harassment. On the job. Amen. On the job. Do not harass this one. This one. Don't touch this one. This is my brother, [Music] preacher. Don't touch this one, pastor. Don't touch this one. This is the congregation of the Lord, pastor. Don't abuse the congregation. Amen. Can we continue? Verse N. And God know. And did he have not charged the young man that they shall not touch you? And when you are what a thirst go to the water the vessels and do water and drink of that which the young man have drawn. So who's drawing water? Young men and what is roof only doing? Drinking. So who's working for who? Young men working for roof. Who's working for who? Young men are working for roof. Who's staying at 3:00 a.m. and not going to sleep? Brother Steven. And who's enjoying this morning? [Applause] Did you work for it? Did you put this rod? No. It's a season. [Applause] God provided the drink without work. [Music] Without even money, no dollar, are we together? Are we together? We are looking at what the harvest is doing for Ruth. We clear, my friend? Amen. We clear? Amen. Job to verse 14 so I can finish reading my Bible. Thank you Lord. If you there you can say amen. Amen. And Boaz said to her at meal time come you here. And eat of the bread. This is not the wheat now. This is the wheat in morph. So somebody cooked. That's right. And bring the meal for the boss. And the boss is telling this young woman at work when I'm eating. I wonder how the maiden way. I wonder how the maiden way. Yes, sir. You can eat all you want. Just know we are Israelites [Applause] and Rof is going home. They call me Adam. Jealousy. Can I continue? Can I continue? He says, uh, verse 14, eat and eat of the bread and dip your mer into the vener. And she sat beside who? The reapers. Amen. Who have promoted you. Amen. And he and he reached her what? Parched horn. And she did what? Eat. So who gave her food? Boaz. Who serve Ruth? Boaz. How can you serve a widow woman? Hallelujah. An employee. And serve Rof. And she did eat and was what? Suffice. And did what? Left. So Rof got now free food. Amen. Amen. That she didn't cook. All of this because of the harvest. [Applause] I I I don't know if you're understanding. But this food was also free for Naomi. So Ruth got two type of food. Uncooked. That's right. The one she was reaping and the cooked one. Amen. Two food. Amen. In other words, they give you rice and a bag of rice. So when ROF is going home, she got a to-go box and she got a rice. Do you know that ROF took a to go box? Do you know that? Do you know that? No, a few people. Let me show you. Uh job to verse 18. And she took it up and went into the city. And her mother-in-law saw what she had water clean. This is the bag of rice. And she brought forth and gave to her that she had reserve after she was water. Suffice. So Rof took a to go box. So now Naomi don't have to cook. Rof don't have to cook. Naomi don't have to cook. When Rof goes to work, she get lunch and she divide the lunch in two. She eat until she's full and she take the remaining of the L and say mommy. [Music] Why the beginning of harvest? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Jump to verse 16, my friend, and then I'm going to finish my scripture. Uh go to verse 15. You there? Amen. Remember at the beginning Ruth asked for permission. Yes. Right. Verse 15. And when she was risen up to do what? Glean. Boaz commanded. It's a command. Who? His young men. Saying what? Let her glean even among the sheep. And do what? And reproach her not. At the beginning she was asking for permission. Now the permission was removed. Amen. Amen. Boaz remove the permission. need of permission. In other words, tomorrow when ROF is coming, she's asking who? Nobody. Nobody. Nobody. She just get into the field. Amen. Are we together? She's not gleaning for Boas. She's gleaning for herself. We clear, my friend. Amen. Verse 16. And let fall also some of what? the handfuls of what? Of purpose for her and leave them that she may do what? Glean them and do what? Rebuke her not. So God he begin to provide even what? Intentional food. [Music] Why is this thing happening just like that? All of this for free. In other words, she's cleaning. This is what God provided for everybody. But when it's roof, if you see another widow gleaning, let her glean. But if you see roof gleaning, make ROF understand that she's not like everybody. Make ROF understand that she's special. Amen. In other words, as roof is gleaning, are you following me? Food are falling again on her. I don't know if you get it. She's cleaning food and then poom. Amen. She tried to clean. She got the normal food and she got the food of the day. The reveal food of the day. It revealed daily. It revealed every Wednesday. It is revealed every Sunday. Amen. She can read her Bible, but there are also foods that are coming that spiritually speaking. But God is giving exceedingly and abundantly beyond what you can ask and think. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Job 2 verse 23. Lord help me with the reading of the scripture. You there? Amen. So she kept fast by who? The maidens. The maidens of Boaz. She kept how fast. So if you want to see Rof, where what do you need? If they ask you where is roof and you're trying to find her, what do you need for indicator? If you see the maiden, you see roof. If you see the maiden, you see roof. If you see the maiden, you see roof. So she became mingle with the maiden. Uhhuh. Until she became part of the maiden. Amen. until you cannot tell the difference between the maiden and roof because she's acting like the maiden. She's behaving like the maiden. She's following the maiden. But she was intended for marriage. So another season have to come. That's right. To separate Ruth from the maiden. [Music] I have not started preaching my friend. Let's go to verse 23. So she kept fast by the maiden of Boaz to glean to the water and of barley harvest and of water wheat harvest and dwell with her water mother-in-law. In other words, there was a season of a harvest and ROF completed the harvest of wheat and the harvest of barley until the harvest is finished. Are we together? During that season, Ruth and the maiden were together. Amen. Amen. But the time another season have to come to separate Ruth from the mountain. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Chapter 3 verse one. Amen. Then Naomi her mother-in-law said to her, "My daughter, shall I not seek water? Rest for thee that I may be water well with thee." And now is not Boaz our kindred of our kindred with whose what maidens thou was? That was your identity. Behold, he does what? He winnoweth what? Barley tonight where in the threshing floor. In other words, the season of a harvest is finished. And now the season open up which is the season of the threshing. Amen. Follow me my friend. Amen. What happened in the tracing? The tracing is when the wheat is harvest, the wheat comes with the shack which is the covering. But we don't eat shack. We eat the grain. So the tracing floor separate the shack from the seed. Are we together? And Naomi say now it's time for you to go not in the field but in the trenching flow. In other words, roof must be separated from the maiden. Boaz will not marry the maiden. He will not marry the shark. But he want roof. So the season come to separate roof from the maiden. Naturally speaking, they are separating the shack which is denomination from the message. But spiritually speaking, they are separating the maiden from roof. Because Boaz is interested only in roof. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So there was a season of preparation. Amen. There was a season of gleaning and there was another season of the trenching. Are we together? And the treing was to separate. And if you notice, she was the only one. Only one. No more obeen. When Boaz rose up, he say a woman here. Who's this woman? The only one. He looked it was roof. Hallelujah. Are we together? Are we together? When they talk, do you know what happened? Boaz say you were coming with a veil. You know that. You came with a veil. A veil. Remove the veil. Are we together? Hold the veil. And Boaz himself. No more the greener. Boaz himself. He goes one. That's right. That's right. Continue. Three. Four. And he stop at which number? Six. Six. Why did he stop at six? Are we together? He only give one, two, three, four. When he six, he finish. He closed. Come on, brother. Because the seventh one is myself. Amen. Amen. Yes. Six is the number of a man. Are we together? Six is the number of a man and the man is Boaz himself. So when Boaz is coming is to complete to marry Ruth. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? So the life of Ruth has season. Amen. Let's start our sermon now. Turn your clock for 45 minutes. Are we together? Are we together? We found out that according to Ecclesiastes. Amen. [Laughter] We found out to everything there is what? The season. So what we say is everything got what? A season. This thing got what? A season. This one? A season. This one a season. This one. In other words, there is nothing under the sun. There is nothing in this world that don't have a season. If it didn't happen yet, maybe it's not a season yet. So if you find a season, if a season open up from today, you need to be alert. Which season am I at? That's right. There it is. What? What has God provided? That's right. For the season. Because if you lack to understand the season, you will miss your opportunity. [Applause] 100%. Amen. Are we together? Amen. ROF understood the season. Amen. Amen. And when ROF understand the season, ROF moved by the season. And God begin to open up one door after the And if you notice all those doors were not opened by roof. No sir. They were opened by by God. Because if the season come door open by themselves are we together? Are we together? So there is nothing in this world that doesn't have a season. Everything have what? A season. We clear my friend. Amen. As we moving on, we found out last Sunday that according to Genesis 1 and according to Psalm 104, those season were instituted by God. It is God who play season. You start getting quiet now. My friend, it is God who play season. It's right there. You can take a screenshot and you can read it at home because I read it last Sunday. It is God who instituted season. In other words, season amen are God's program. It is not your program. It is God himself. When he's dividing time, God begin to put season. Yes sir. Are we together? Amen. And according to Genesis 8:22, the Bible say that while the earth remain seed time and water, harvest and then water and cold and water and heat and water and summer and water and winter and water and day and water and night shall not water cease. In other word, God have a season for seed time. It's written day and there is a season for harvest. You cannot go to harvest in seed time. You will be out of season. You cannot go in the harvest and begin to plant seed. In a harvest, you are removing stuff. In other words, God for every season. He have a specific event. Amen. That's correct. That will happen. Amen. During that season, based on his own program. That's right. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The Bible say in the book of Deuteronomy that a land which the Lord thy God care for the eyes of the Lord that God are water always upon it from what the beginning of the year to the water the end of the year. Here we find out that Palestine or the land of Canaan, God was there from January all the way to what to December. The whole year God is dead. His eyes are there. Follow me, my friend. But the Bible say, "And it shall come to pass if you shall do what?" Hearken diligently Uhhuh. unto what? My commandments to the word of Moses. the word of the messenger of the age which I command you when this day. So you got to you got to follow the message of your day carefully. Correct, brother. Amen. Amen. Are we together? When you follow the message of your day diligently and then you love who? The Lord your God. And you do what? Serve him with all your heart. Uhhuh. And with all your soul that I will give you the rain of your land when in his due season. The first rain and the what? the latter rain that you may gather in the corn that wine and the water that oil. So even though God is in the entire year yet God doesn't send rain all along. Amen. I I hope you understanding me. If you come to America right here in the whole year we have four season. We have uh spring, we have uh summer and then we have fall and then we have what? Winter. If you notice rain doesn't fall all along. If you go to the other part of the country, you will find out that uh I mean in other continent there is a rainy season and a dry season. A dry season means there won't be any rain. Are we together? So God is saying here that in the entire year my presence is there. Amen. I hope we understanding. But even though my presence is there. Amen. I don't do anything anytime. I operate in season. Let me start it again. Put your seat belt my friend. God is saying from January to December, I am with you. I watch over you. When you in your car, I'm there. When you at work, I'm there. When you taking a shower, I'm there. When you sleeping, I'm there. When you cooking, I'm there. When you driving, I'm there. Wherever you are, I'm there. But even though I'm there, I don't do everything in any time. I do things according to my channels. [Music] What are you trying to say, brother Stephen? What God is trying to say, spoken word, visible and spoken word and visible audience from January to December. I'm in this church. When you come to the church, you will feel the anointing. You will feel the presence of God. But you will wonder why the anointing is here, but I don't get what I'm looking for. I was in church. I felt the presence of the Lord, but I'm not receiving what I'm looking for. Lord, that's it. Amen. Let me start it again. Let me start it again. God is saying that I come to spoken word. When I enter the anointing is powerful. Hallelujah. Are we together? And I came with three requests. [Music] The first request, I want to get a job. The second request, I want my child to be saved. Yes. The third one, I need healing. But when the anointing come, God only give you a job. But he's not saving your child yet. And you wonder why? Because there is a season. [Applause] I hope we are together. Amen. I hope we are together. Amen. Amen. Our oper together. Amen. Every service I'm there. Amen. I'm the one talking. I am with you. I am there. But I operate according to the season. In other words, sister Christa, I know when to give you what. Hallelujah. I know that at this time I can only provide you healing. Yes, sir. But I cannot give you a new car. But I'm there with you. Even though you driving an old car, I'm there. I am with you. I will never leave you till the end of the earth. It is my covenant. [Applause] I don't know if you understanding me. When there is no food, Sister Dy, I'm there. Brother Joseph, there is no money. I'm there. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. In other words, don't look at what you see naturally. To determine whether I'm there or not. Remember my word. I am with you till the end of the earth. [Applause] Are we together? In the mountain, I'm there. In the valley, I'm there. In good time and bad time. You are God alone. You sit on the throne. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Whether the in the entire year I'm there. Uhhuh. But I bring things when in due in due season in not in season in due season in due season. So there is a season you are due. [Applause] You didn't get me. There are season when you are due. In other words, God owe you. In other words, your time has come. Your time has come. Your appointed time has come. [Applause] Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. That word do means appointed. Yes, sir. It mean appointed. It means specific. It mean a fitting time. It mean the right time. Yes. In other words, at the right time, I will be there. I know you need the rain. Don't worry about it. In due season, in other words, when the time of rain come, you don't need to remind me. It is my program. Yes. I am Jehovah G. Yes, you are. [Applause] I know when to provide what. I don't know if you getting me. I don't know if you understanding me. I got the rain. Yes. I cannot send rain in January, Feb. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm God. I know you need rain. I have my time. When it's due time, whether you pray, or you don't pray. Amen. When you do, you do. [Applause] When you do appate, are we together? Because there is a key with the word due time. We with due season. In due season, brother Brandham says this. He says, "And as our heart do what?" Ponder when over this subject tonight thinking that what one day, how are we? We were aliens cut off from God. Uhhuh. Without mercy, without God, without Christ, aliens in the world, alien from God and from what? Righteousness. But when in due season when we had nothing to do with it [Applause] some of you are not catching yet. In due season brother Brham say when you have what? Nothing to do with it. In other words when the season come roof have nothing to do with it. [Applause] Amen. In other words, the season, the due season is the season that God shows you. That's it. That your life is in my hand. Hallelujah. God God will show you that I am the one in charge. You see how you work so much? Yes, sir. And you can't reach anything. But look when I take charge. Look when I do what I'm supposed to do. Sister Divine, it is effortless. [Applause] It is effort. You don't need to do. In other words, God is showing you that I want you to understand that your life is in my hand. I know when to give you what? But you didn't understand. So I let you flank. But now that you flank, now Peter, you work all night. You didn't receive anything. Now let me show you. Go back in the same place. Hallelujah. Throw your net to the right. Turn the picture to the right. Turn to the right. Peter say I work all night but a th word a spiritual food in due season [Music] Lord are we together are we together brother brand I'm saying you have nothing to do with it amen roof you were going to get food and go that was your mind right that was your thought but your thoughts are not my thought I am the one who push you there I know what I have in mind but because the season has come I'm going to show you and roof is going why did I find so much favor in you seeing that you I'm a more abest he said daughter from the he was told to me everything that you did amen so boas at some Jones. That gather information. In other words, ROF, I already know your whole story before me and you meet before the foundation of the word. I know who you are and I have already saw I love you and I hate Esau. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. He says in due season when what? We had nothing to do with it. Christ in what? His love did what? Died the innocent for the guilty. Bringing us now to the water of full knowledge in the stature of what? The sons of God. Watch this quote here. Brother Brham says this. But he's talking about Hannah in the temple with Eli. He say he thought she was what? Drunk. You know the story how Anna was praying and they did the same thing on the water. Pentecost. They do the same thing when today she say she was not drunk but she was praying for God to take away what her reproach. And the priest he blessed her. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. The pastor say you blessed. [Applause] The priest is the pastor. The pastor say you blessed. Are we together? And as soon as she receive the blessing from the pastor [Applause] [Music] because brother Brham say when a pastor stand on a pit under the anointing of God he is the angel to the church. [Applause] So your season has come. Are we together? Are we together? He says as soon as she received the what? Blessing from God from God. The priest. From the priest. Notice she didn't wait. She didn't wait for a vision. From the priest. She didn't wait. God. Yeah. Could have what? Put the baby in her arms right there. Do you follow me? But she went home. How? Happy. Did she has a baby? No. But she's going home. How? Happy. Did she have a baby? No. Do you have an evidence? No. Do you have the pregnancy test? No. But why is she happy? She glory. Glory. She received the word. Hallelujah. Are we together, Sister Chica? Are we together? She received the word. And what happened knowing that when in due season? In what? Due season, God will do what? Bring it to pass. [Applause] Why are you happy? I already received the word. Do you have it? Oh, who told you I should have it now? In due season. Because it's coming in due season. My attitude change. You will never see me sad. Never. I will behave like a mother of many children. Don't call me Abraham. Call me Abraham. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Knowing why in due season God will take care of it. In other words, I will surprise you with my pregnancy. [Applause] We used to see you and we used to see you at work always sad. But something changed to you. Of course, something happened to me. What happened? Oh, God visited me. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. This work is no more a burden for me. I'm no more in burden. I'm living happily when I wake up in the morning. Oh, thank you, Lord. I just want to thank you, Lord. Before you know it, the pregnancy. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are we together? Are we together? Brother Charman, we together? Yes, sir. Can we continue? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. God could have put a baby right there. Yes, sir. But why didn't God put a baby? Because God operate by his season. That's right. He say, "I already approve. Go home. Go home. Be happy." Now, let me work my program. When is your master cycle? That child need to be a Cancer. No, he need to be a Capricorn. So he need to be born to this month. Correct. Correct. Correct. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And usually God allow that you begin to forget. And that's when who I don't feel good. I don't feel what is wrong. I don't know what is going on. We go to the hospital. We said I feel like my breath my breath. The doctor say she's a woman. Are you married? Yes. Check the pregnancy. Ma'am, you disturbing as three month. [Music] Go home. You are three month pregnant. When did the pregnancy enter? I don't know. In due season, [Music] are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Can I continue? Yes, sir. Remember started the 45 minutes. Oh, glory to God. But she was what? Happy knowing that what in due season God will bring it out to pass. That is the kind of people we need today. taking God what? At his word. Hallelujah. Tell the devil. Tell the devil. If you thought I will be barren, you will be surprised. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. [Applause] You didn't get me. Before I go to the rapture, Satan, I will prove you I got a baby. Now I can go to the rapture with my baby because brother Brandham say baby goes to heaven. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Oh, glory to God. Where am I at, my friend? In other word, God knows the right season. [Applause] [Music] Why the right season? Oh, telephone 311 my friend. He said he make he has made what? Everything. How? Beautiful. When? In his time. You want things to be beautiful? Let God do it at his time. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Are we together? Amen. We've pushed too much. We've pressed too much. And before you know it, we fasting. We pushing. We are frustrated, hating this one. I believe it's my uncle who has blocked my birth. I believe we are cursing the family. I believe this. I believe this. You fight with this because you trying to push. Brother, sister, chill out. Chill out, my friend. Remand the devil. Do you know why I'm alive? Do you know why I'm alive? Do you know why I existed? I have a news for you. When my daddy released the sperm, we were million. [Applause] But I'm the one who won. I'm the one who came out. So just know God has a purpose for me for my life. Thank you, my brother. Are we together? Amen. You the one frustrated. Why are you frustrated? Why are you talking to me all the time? Why do you try to beat me down? Amen. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Let me leave that alone because if I if I open it, it will bust the certain things. Are we together? [Music] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. You know my wife is the wife of a pastor and God built her to stay with a pastor and then people have a tendency to show her that she's missing life and they are more free than her. That's the truth. Oh the pastor wife we we are free. We can we can go to vacation. You see you your husband have to stay in church. And one came to my wife he said you know what me and my husband I say mama sit down sister Sharon I say you see me from January to February to December you see me every day. The one who's talking to you how many time does he see his husband? [Applause] But he's trying to make you feel like you bad when you are blessed. [Music] I say, do you know how many women are desiring to be where you are? Not working, sitting at home, listening to brother, brother, and they work. I say open up your eyes. You are blessed. This is what the devil do to you. You trying to show me that because my car broke down, God don't love me. You out of your mind. The breath of my life, my health, my skin, my joy, my happiness is God. Lord, are we together? What do you call happiness? What do you call happiness? Yes, sir. Amen. What do you call happiness? Amen. One came to say, "You're not working." Me in America, I will get the money. I stay quiet. The Lord allow. I went to her home. I watch her I said, "What's going on?" The blood pressure. I say, "Honey, she has blood pressure. Look at the person that was given you. [Applause] You cannot intimidate me. I know my God." Brother Brandham say, "The greatest job is to serve God." And you trying to make me feel bad. I'm enjoying preaching. [Applause] When Satan come, tell him Satan, you wasting your time. You You don't even know God. And I'm surprised you were there with him until today. You stubborn. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you know how many people died in COVID? Why didn't you get me? Why me? [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he makes everything beautiful when in his time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Brham say he was what? living and he has to come when it's a season. Everything come right in this what season? [Applause] [Music] I'm just at the surface. If you want things to come right, make sure they are in season. When they are in season, they come up right. They don't come up with a lot of season is penless because season is not you were doing the work. It is God doing the work. If I'm in season and I reach the Red Sea. That's right. Red Sea. I don't know who put you here, but you are in the wrong season. [Applause] You will be divided and when I pass you can close. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham said do you believe that? Yes. Amen. How many everything everything everything will come right? Amen. in a season. If you push before the season, I'm going to get there. Father, help me. He says, you plant the wheat what? In the fall of the year, in the spring of the year, it does what? It brings itself forth or God brings it forth. In other word, the one who is behind the season is God. Yes. So the season is backed up by God because it's God who instituted season. In other words, God is behind the season. When you see the tree coming up, it is not the tree. It is God who's doing that. Because the spring have started. [Music] Oh my God. Where am I at? Oh father Lord help me. Hallelujah. He says he says you plant the corn when in the spring and what? In the fall you harvest it. Everything has what? It's time. Just like his life. He had what? It's beginning. He had what? Its best part. He has what? It shadow as he closed. Our ministry become the same brethren. Then it is our He has what? Our best and what? It has our beginning and then what? Our middle part and what? the best and then the ministry does what? They close. If you don't understand that the old folks will suffer right because the season are closing and God is bringing a new type of ministry and you see the old the one are bading heads. They don't understand move out of the way. It's another season. Your season was to eat. Your season was to introduce the message. You already introduced the message. The people know. But now it's the season of the rapture. The people need to be now established, grounded in the message for the rapture. If not, boom. We don't need to b heads. It's another season. Hallelujah. He say your life start as a what? A baby. Then what? In your adolescence. Then what? The middle age. Then your life does what? Closes. Same as the sun. It does what? In the east. And does what? Sets over. Everything beginning and what? Ending. Ah, father help me. The main thing is what? I don't think I will even get to this sermon. Father, help me. The main thing is what? If we can find where God's word belong in our life. We know the word. We know what brother Brandham say. But the problem is where when in our life does that word apply? In other words, when is the season for that word? That's the main thing. Are we together? Friend. Friend, I'm still under my 45 minute. Are we together? Brother Brham says, I don't know if I will get to where I'm trying to get. He says, God sets what? Times and what? And time limits and then he works all to what? That time [Music] God sets time and time limit. Amen. And God work with that time. In other words, when God say 2025, Amen. Amen. Amen. God goes to sleep. [Applause] Amen. When 2:25 arrive. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Father help me. Brother say many of them before. Keep the word before. Before. Yes sir. Keep the word what? Before before the coming of the Lord Jesus. There was many false things raised up and say this is the Messiah. They will have the word. They knew the promise. But they were acting before. Amen. Are we together? He say this is the Messiah. Many false things taken place according to the what? The scriptures. just when before the coming of who? The Lord Jesus. And the people tried to do it within what? Themselves. I'm going slowly, my friend. Are we together? Amen. They try to make God's work. Do what? This is why you frustrated. This is why you are frustrated. This is why you are discouraged because you coming to God with your time. Lord, this year if you don't give me this, I want to know that I'm your child. If it doesn't happen, you broken. Lucifer will laugh at you because you are trying to take God and fit it to him. Amen. But if you know the timing, if you know that grandma have to enter from the back door and sit in the chair, you will wait for grandma. [Applause] You know the vision once grandma enter and sit down, you can raise and move your belt and say devil call out demon from hell. Why? Because the time has come. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My friend, can we continue? Yes. Flat attend and prepare for landing. Because time is moving, my friend. Brother Brandham say if they try to make what? God's word. Do what? Fit in their program. But that you got it. How? vice versa. You got to fit in what? In God's program. And God has season. [Music] Can I continue? Amen. Brother Brandham says he says we found that that is what true. Now Moses when he was here knowing that God has made a promise that he was going to deliver what? The children of Israel. Why? Moses knowing that he was called for that purpose. Now when you have a call from God [Music] that does not all together means that you jump right out [Applause] [Music] Can I start it again? Amen. Can I start it again? Amen. I'm trying to maneuver the airplane. So, we going to the airport. Okay, my friend. So, keep your seat belt. Amen. You're going to feel the airplane going this way. Are we together? Brother Brandham say he says when you have a call from God. You there my friend? Yes, sir. That doesn't what? All together mean that you jump right out. You are going to you are going you are doing the will of what? God. You have to find what? the will of God and the time of God to do it. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham say Moses thought I got that save the Lord. I'm the one who's going to liberate. I'm the deliverer. That's true. God gave the promise. That's true. But what time? the timing. You the one that make God look like he's failing. You are the one doing that because of the pressure. That's right. You want things to be done your way. He says Moses thought well the children of Israel will do what? Understand now that I am what? to be their deliverer. Moses is coming on the chariot. May back Mercedes to they open the door. Why you two are arguing? Don't do that to your brother. Close the door. Prince of Egypt. He say they will understand. They won't understand when you have that prince of Egypt. Amen. Because you're still too powerful. Too powerful until you beat somebody t and kill somebody. I'm going to liberate Israel. I'm killing Egyptian one by one. No, Moses. That is your strength. I want it when you speak and Egypt is trembling. Just speak the word. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Ah my friend, brother Brandham say he taught the children of Israel with understand what now that that I'm to be their deliverer. I'm to be delivered. So he start out to do so and he did what? He killed a man and he found out the children of Israel did not understand. As a matter of fact, they say, "Hey, you know you killed the Egyptian. I will report you, so don't start with me [Laughter] in the wilderness." And guess what? I don't think this deliver things was true. It didn't work. I don't think so. You know what? I take my decision the time of my decision from now on. I'm going to leave my life. They live their life. I'm not going to be part of them. They stay there. Keep them within the cellular zone. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Amen. I'm going to find me a cool job. I found my wife. You see here, it's peaceful in the wilderness. Not the fasting of Egypt to the south. I'm cool here. How is Egypt over? Oh, my brother. That's why I move. I move from there because of the people. Chuga chuga cha cha cha cha chuga chuga. That's why I left that church. [Applause] [Music] If you look at your window, you will see Charlotte, North Carolina. The airplane is now coming down. Okay, my friend. Okay, my friend. Amen. Can we finish it? Yes, sir. Brother Brandham, what happened? He said, "Then Moses lost all the hope." That's it. And all the power he had. Amen. So there is a time you are powerful. [Music] I got a degree. [Applause] Tell us I have my PhD in that. You think doing that you're intimidating people? No job. No job. Too much power. Amen. In an interview, you are even blowing the interviewer. I'm mesmerized by your presence here. You know, subsequently, too much power, too much. Can I continue? Can I continue? I'm heading straight toward the airport, my friend. He says thinking that freedom was not for the children of Israel because he fell. He begin to doubt the promise. Amen. He had lost all thoughts of p of freedom until God met him one day. And brother Brandham said God met him in an unexpected time. That's right. Unexpected way an unexpected place when he already forgot. He said God met him one day where in a burning bush and then when God season came are we together along just how exactly then he revealed his plan to who? Moses brother say now the reason that Moses has forgot about pre about freedom God promised that he would free them but God has not forgotten his promise Moses tried how in himself and what happened and failed that is what the church has done many times we try ourself and we fail and then when we fail We blame it on God. We blame it on the pastor. Amen. Amen. Amen. Are we together? And then he fail. That is what the church has done. How many times? Many times we have tried in ourself. That's right. To what? To do things. When we fail to find God's element of what? Time. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Now prepare because you're going to hit the tarmac, my friend. Brother Brandham say God's got time for what? All things. He's got time that he has. We plant what? Corn. Continue, my friend. We got a time that we plow corn. Uhhuh. Then we then what? We harvest corn. Uhhuh. Then the spring rains come. The drought through the summer, the fall rain and what? The snows. You just can't say I plant my wheat today and tomorrow and go out harvest it. No, it is against the law of God. It is against the program of God. God has what? Times for season. He has season for what? His word. He has time when in the scripture here where he said and the presence of the Lord was there to do what? To heal the sick. That is when Jesus was ministering to and the presence of the Lord was there to do what? Heal the sick. Maybe at other time the presence of the Lord was not there to heal the sick. In other words, the presence is there but not to heal the sick. The presence is there for the blessing. The presence is there to feel the spirit. And one day the presence will come for the healing. Amen. Amen. I hope you understanding. He says, "And we found out that God works everything how seasonally." God's work everything how? Seasonally. And now when Moses what he failed to find was the time limit of who? Of God. Are we together? Amen. He pushed. He killed somebody and then he ran away and then he stopped. He said, "You know what? It doesn't work." Everything mama told me, "I try." Matter of fact, they stubborn people. They try to even deliver me to Pharaoh. I'm going away. Amen. Amen. But what Moses didn't understand, the promise say 400. Yes, sir. Are we together? Amen. When 400 hit was Moses praying, what was he was discouraged about the promise? He was not even thinking about the promise. He was minding his own business, working for his father-in-law. In an unexpected time, the one who gave the promise came down. Amen. He said, "Moses, Moses, I have heard, where were you? I have heard the cry of my people. Now I have come down. [Applause] Do you follow me? Do you follow me?" Moses wanted to deliver Israel as a man. Amen. I'm finishing my friend. Moses wanted to deliver Israel as a human being. But that was not the program of God. But when God came down, he called Moses. He said, "Come here. From today, from today, you are no longer a human being. [Applause] You going to be God. [Applause] Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Are we together? Are we together? So when you talking to Pharaoh, you say, "Let my people go." You talking like me. Why? Because the time has come. Now God is veil in Moses. [Applause] You try many thing in your life as human because the time was not there. But when the time comes, remember you won't be a human being anymore. Because the scripture say ye are gods and all of you are children of the most high. In other words, God anointed Moses for the task. Yes, Lord. Amen. Your brother Deon, call him. Devin is going to be your prophet. So, it's a family problem now. Brother, so you the God and your brother the prophet. So, this church is a family. Do you see how God does things? Do you see how God does things? And you need to go tell Israel that the people that doubted you. But now go tell them, "What is your name?" I am. Tell them I am. Hallelujah. Where you going? Go back to Pharaoh. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And you know what? I'm going to even harden Pharaoh. Amen. So when you talk, he will refuse. But just know me and you already talk. In other words, when the season come, the devil is under control. God is working with him like a puppet. That's right. That's right. Because I created Pharaoh to for for my name to go up. That's right. So Moses, you are part of that promise that will make my name be known. Okay. So you God, Amen. speak square. Why the season come? Where was that power all along? Because the season was not there. And because the season was not there, Moses pushed. He killed somebody. Let's check God's season. Welcome to Charlotte, North Carolina. Let's check God's season. Let's stop pushing forward. Let's start fasting. Let's stop that. Amen. Let's start bickering. Bickering e. We're not here to we slow down. What is for me is for me. When the time come, God doesn't have a plan B. He went and said, in other words, when the time came, God said, where is Moses? This boy, where is he at? The time has come. Where is he? He's over there at the ship. Are you sure? Oh, he killed somebody. Forget about it. Come here. Because I already predestinated you raise here. I killed somebody. Forget about it. Let's go. No, I have failure. Forget about it. You matter of fact with your your criminal background. You going to be God. [Applause] with your failure, everything bad that you did. God didn't remember remind Moses that he made him God without talking about his past. Under the blood of books and goats that blood removed the error of Moses, what will the blood of Jesus Christ do to you? [Applause] Let's stand, my friend. Let's stand. I will continue. Let's stand my friend. Let's stand right here my friend. The season and God providence. We have stopped here my friend. We will pick up again. I try. I'm going to I thought I'm going to finish this today. I'm going to finish that. We will try again next time. Amen. God have set season. When the season of God come, you don't work for it. You don't push anything. Amen. Amen. Amen. Remind the devil, my life is not in your hand. What I'm going through now, it's shaping me. For the right season because at the right time, there is no devil. I'm going to show you that even the rapture coming season. I have the quote here. Yes sir. Amen. Hallelujah. If until now you are not overcome yet to deal with me, Satan, I don't know why you keep continue. Amen. But you must continue because God is using you. That's it. That's right. To help me. Amen. That's why everything is working together for good church. Remove tension. Remove pressure from your life. Remove strain. Remove stress. You will be begging people. You will be sugar bothering people. Why that? When you have a big garden because you're trying to do it yourself. That's right. That's it. That's it. To get a job, you need to go do this this this. you need to talk to so and so and so and so until message believer find themselves sleeping with people Jesus I don't need to do that no Jesus look at pilot he say you have no power until he was given except if you've been doing it that's right if I didn't get it he knows why% but if it's mine I don't care who's standing there. I don't care how hard it is to get to this company. I don't care how many people flunk the test. He's right here. Because it was for him. And it was the season. If not, you pushing. If not, you begging brothers. If not, you begging sisters. If not, you are working yourself to to promote, to project yourself. Yes. No. When the season come, do you know when the season of Saul came, Saul hid himself. It's in the Bible. They were looking for Saul, they can't find him. They went to ask God and God said, "Go. He's hiding somewhere there." They went and pick him up. Said, "Come here." It's your season. It's your season. Whether you on TV or you not on TV, whether you have Instagram or no Instagram, when your season come, stop working too much. [Music] Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, thanking you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy and for the word that you have given us. Lord, how many scar do we have in our life? How many error have we committed like Moses? How many damage have we done because of not understanding your program and your element and the time appropriate for things to happen. Thank you Lord. And because of that we have discouragement. We have frustration. We are confused. We are confessing but in our heart we are doubting whether the word that we heard was truth or not. We are hoping haphazardly saying that maybe one day he will remember him. But your word is certain. Your word is sure. Your word is guaranteed. Your word is full of assurance that we should not even waver it. We should take you at your word and go home happy knowing that in due season in the appropriate time you will do that which we ask you. Father may this message soak deep and grab hold to an anchor in the soul that will stabilize your children in the midst of whatever they're going through. Father bless them and give them peace. Amen. and may they remain focused and centered knowing that God will give us what we need in due time. Father, I thank you for this church and I bless your children here and invisible audience in the name of Jesus Christ. In Jesus name. Amen. God bless you church. We love you brother John. [Music] Thank you, my brother. Thank you. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. for his holy blood out through my and I who was righteous and thou can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. For his royal blood now flows through my night who was wretched and born now can sing. Praise God. Y'all can be dismissed. Enjoy your Sunday afternoon. God bless you. of the king. [Music] You don't have to worry and don't you be afraid. [Music] Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. Oh, there's there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "I know that I can make it. I know that I can stay. No matter what may come my way. My life is in your hand. With Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. Oh, bring my way. My life is in your hands. [Music] So when your test and trials, they seem to get you down. and all your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus who will find your tears away. lift your heart. Just lift your hand. I know that I can break. I know that I can stand my way. My life is in your name. With Jesus, I can take it with him. I know I can stand. No matter what they come my way, my life is in your hands. I know that I can make it. I know that I can say no matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. With Jesus I can sing it with you. I know I can stand. No matter what they come my way, my life is in your hand.
