################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-21 - Strongholds, No More Bro Solomon Huffman - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-21
Title:   Strongholds, No More Bro Solomon Huffman
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Song Special
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JBVQ3KwWCTw
========================================

[Music] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we have standing tonight? Amen. [Music] May we bow our hearts tonight even as we pray committing the service into the hands of the Lord asking that the Lord will take preeminence tonight and ask that he lead those on their way coming safely. Let us pray together. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are just grateful, Lord, we just want to bless your name tonight. We just want to give you all the glory for you deserve every bit of our praise, Lord. We honor your name, oh God, tonight, Lord. We bless your name tonight, Lord. Father, we thank you, God, for everything, Lord, you've been doing our lives, Lord Jesus. We thank you for keeping us, Lord Jesus. We thank you God for your goodness Lord and your mercies Lord each and every day in our lives Lord. Father we thank you for your forgiveness Lord Jesus. Oh God anytime we come to you Lord asking Lord for your mercies Lord. Father you are faithful and just to God to forgive us of every unrighteous act in our lives Lord. Father, we just want to ask oh God once again if there be something Lord tonight Lord that is a hindrance Lord we ask Father for your forgiveness Lord asking for your mercies Lord Jesus oh God father we've come to your presence Lord Jesus with our various needs Lord Father if there be any struggle in our lives Lord we commit that before you Lord and asking tonight may there be there be a deliverance Lord Jesus oh God father may you touch everybody tonight Lord may your spirit take preeminence, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, those on their way coming in your hands, Lord, may you lead them safely, Lord Jesus. Oh God, may your spirit, may your anointing, oh God, descend down tonight, Lord, set the atmosphere, Lord, for your minister tonight. Lord, may you use him mighty, Lord, to speak your word, Lord Jesus. Oh God, as you've given unto him, Lord Jesus, God, take absolute control, Lord. We thank you, Lord. We bless you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we prayed. Amen and amen. Amen. We serve a God who is our provider. Amen. Whatever need we have, he always meets at at every need. Amen. We just want to worship him tonight. Amen. With this song, Jehovah Gyra. Amen. Jehovah Gyra. I'm proiding. You are more than enough for me to over. You're my heer. And by your stripes I've been set free. Jehovah, [Music] you are with me. You supply all my needs. [Music] You are more than enough. [Music] More than you are more than [Music] you are more you are more than [Music] more than enough. You are more than enough. Oh Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah mag. [Music] You are born for me to over you're my sh I set free to shine. You are with me. You love me. You are more than more than enough. You are more than enough. Oh, you are more. You are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than enough for me. Oh, you are more. You are more than any other. [Music] Oh, you are more. You are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than one more time. Oh, you are more. You are more than enough. [Music] of Mary [Music] film the Jesus [Music] Christ [Music] lose all this. Lose all. Oh god. [Music] He [Music] loyalty [Music] to [Music] Jesus. [Music] away. Won't you show my way? [Music] Oh God, dieious [Applause] [Music] You [Music] will sound church [Music] Be safe to sing. Oh, we save [Music] to sing. We sing to sing to you. All the way to sing my feet. Our soul [Music] we so [Music] redee [Music] has been my shall you my shall [Music] be my God [Music] for the the spirit might shall. [Music] We take one more time. Blessings. By faith I saw the stream I flow with suffer redeem [Music] my Shar [Music] It shall be my God. [Music] be redeemed. [Music] Bless me with my and shall be till my shall [Music] be till I die. and shall be till I die. For redeeming love has been my shel till I die. Amen and amen. Amen. Redeeming love. Amen. We want to praise the Lord with this songs. Amen. Amen. I believe we are ready to praise the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. I'm so glad not the Lord brought me out. I'm not for Jesus. Where would I be? I'm so glad I know. Oh, I'm so glad. I'm so glad that the Lord me. I'm so glad the Lord brought me for Jesus. Where would I be? [Applause] Oh, I'll be happy. Every single [Music] Jesus where I be happy. [Applause] Oh sh. [Music] [Music] Even for Jesus, where would I be sing [Music] for Jesus? Where would I be? Happy singing. Happy single [Music] Jesus. Where would I be? [Music] Hope is sinking. in the Lord from single [Music] Jesus. Where would I be? I sing with the Lord from [Music] what he did. Didn't have to do it. [Applause] me up this morning. 7 in the morning. Didn't have to do it, but he did. Didn't have to do bless me. Oh, he didn't have to bless me, but he did. Oh, woke me up this morning. 7 morning. He didn't have to press what he did. Oh, he didn't have to feel me, but he did. He didn't have to feel me what he did. When he woke me up this morning, he didn't have to do it, but he did. Oh, kiss me. You didn't have to keep me, but you did. He didn't have to give me what he did. He woke me up this morning under morning. He didn't have to do it, but he did. He didn't have to serve me. He didn't have to serve me, but he did. He didn't have to serve me, but he did. And it woke me up this morning. He didn't have to do it, but he did. Oh, he didn't have to. He didn't have to do it, but he did. He didn't have to do it, but he did. Woke me up this morning, seven times a morning. You didn't have to do it, but you did. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the evening. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the sun. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Love him in the morning. [Music] Father, [Music] him trust him in the morning. Trust him in a new trust. Trust him when serve [Music] him in the morning. Serve him in the new time. Serve him. Serve him. serve you when Oh Jesus Jesus Jesus in the morning Jesus in the sun Jesus Jesus Jesus oh praise him praise him praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus in the morning. Jesus in the don. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let us [Music] in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. And we have to be where we come. In the name of Jesus, there'll be [Music] more. In the precious name of Jesus, we have the victory. Oh, in the name. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. Oh where we are. In the name of Jesus. Tell me in the preious name of Jesus. We have nothing. When we come and we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand in the preious name of Jesus. We have the king [Music] where we in the name of Jesus. Every [Music] and be in the preious name of Jesus. We have the vtory. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I've got heaven on my mind. [Music] Yes, I can do it. I'll keep until I pro my [Music] Oh, I got heaven on my mind. [Music] Yes, I can do it. I'll keep until I cross the finish. I can make it. I can make it. My faith can take it. I got the rapture on my mind. I can do it. Yes, I can do it. I'll keep the faith until I close the finish. Oh, I can make it. I can make it. My take. I gotture on my mind. You take me to it. Yes, I can do it. I give away until I cross the finish. Oh, I can make it. I can make it. My faith is the rapture on my mind. You take me through it. Yes, I can do it. I'll keep the baby until I close it. I can make it. My faith can take it. Oh, I got the rapture on my mind. [Music] Yes, I can do it. I'll keep until I can break. I can make it. My faith can take it. Oh, I've got the rapture on my mind. [Music] Yes, I can do it. I didn't wait until I cross the finish line. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He'll take us through it. Amen. And we will surely do it because he is in us. He that is in us is greater than he that is in the world. Amen. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We bless the name of the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. It's a time to shake off some of those fats in our bodies. Amen. And some of those spirits in our bodies, Amen. We shake them off. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This says, uh, please remind the saints to sign the list for August 31st. Amen. I believe this from brother Kelly. Amen. So, we're going to, um, sign the names on u the, the notice board. Amen. Amen. Yes sir. Uh I got a testimony tonight. Amen. Um so this is uh connected uh with a text that one brother sent to me. Amen. Uh I just want to give this testimony cuz uh I believe it wasn't a coincidence. Amen. Amen. Um so I came here yesterday um sat down and waiting for the inspector to come and um do his normal inspections on on our building. And whilst I was sitting um the one who was scheduled to come wasn't picking our phone calls, he wasn't answering our messages, nothing. Um the time that he gave to us, he he didn't show up. So, whilst I was sitting there, I was just pondering over the building project. And then um something just uh struck my heart. Amen. And I was like, God, you're going to bless somebody to give us like $20,000 just to support this project. So, while that was going on, I was like, you know what? I can multiply that by 10 times. So my mind went to $200,000. Amen. So I I I believe that God is able to to do it. Amen. And then um when inspect a different person showed up here to do the inspection and then to our surprise he just passed us for everything and then asked us to go on with the project. Amen. were not really expecting that but he just looked at things and then said just go ahead and do it. Amen. So that in itself was a praise report. Amen. But then the striking thing Amen. Two inspections. Two inspections were passed. Amen. Amen. Amen. The striking thing was that when I left this place, a a a brother sent me a message. Amen. Now remember the number was two 20,000 and 200,000. Right? So the brother sent me a message and I'm not going to uh mention his name. Amen. I said, "God bless you, brother Seth. I believe you're doing well." said, "I have a praise report for you to read on Wednesday that I know you will love. I want to thank God for allowing me to find some money that I lost this week." After almost 5 and a half hours, I was able to go back to QT and check through their dumpster. And after about three or four garbage bags, I was able to recover the $2,000 that I accidentally threw into one of their garbage cans earlier. Do you know what I did with the money? I gave it to the church building fund to help with the projects in the back and the side of the church. All praises be to our God. And then he continued to say, they said, "Make sure you let brother Steven know too. I know he will be happy to see me mixing faith with works." [Applause] Amen. And amen. Amen. So, this was me pondering over somebody being touched by the Lord to give 20,000 and the Lord gave a token of $2,000. And I believe that the Lord himself is the builder of this church project. Amen. And amen and amen. Amen. So it's just something I just wanted to share with the church that no matter the challenges we are facing, the Lord himself is the master builder. Amen. Amen and amen. Amen. Um apart from that praise report. Amen. Uh I don't have any other praise report tonight. Amen. Oh happy birthday sister Sharon. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We thank the Lord for the life of Sister Sharon. We can't we can't say much. We have a lot to say. Amen. But um I just want to keep I just want to keep it not to say too much. Amen. We all know we all understand what I want to say. Amen. Amen. U so we we want to call brother Khalima amen um to thank the Lord for our lives and to thank the Lord for a finished project and all unspoken requests tonight bring it to the Lord. Amen. Let's all stand. What a wonderful testimony. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we come before your throne of grace, Lord Jesus, tonight to thank you for your presence here in this building. Oh God, the building didn't bring this presence, but your people did. Father, each one of us bring a lick of fire that you have placed within us. And the lick of fire brings the whole pillar of fire together. Thank you for the testimony that we've heard, Lord Jesus. We want to see these things to show that you are among us. Father, thank you for Sister Sharon's birthday. Lord, without her, we would not have a brother Steven. Dear Jesus, she's the one that cooks for him. She's the one that, oh, Father God, washes his clothes, keep the house clean so that your minister can do the work. Oh, Father God, study. She watches over the children. There's many things that we can say about our precious sister. May you bless her, oh father god, you know the desires of her heart. Lord, may you take each and every one of them. Now take this service, Father God, as we continue to bless thee, Lord. You see the building back there. Truly, truly, you are the one that have established this church and you are the one that's going to bring it through. There's no witchcraft, no enchantment. No divination, no devil, father God will stand in your way. Will stand in the way of your people on duty, Father. As Moses of old, the Red Sea was before him, Father. But it was a prophet who had a Oh, Father God, who had a work to do and you opened up the Red Sea for him. May you do the same for our soul, Father God. As we see these things, we want to bless your holy name. Take the tithes, the offering, Father God. Bless the giver, Lord Jesus. And those that desire to give, don't have, Father, may you place something in their hands, oh Father God, that they may worship thee in this way. Bless especially the ministering of your word. our precious brother when he stands here may might not be him father but may it be you father god I speak to your people and we'll be careful to return glory and honor to you in Jesus name amen and amen we've got one special tonight and one other song to sing amen we have a special from sister Yokmen giving my life way. Amen. [Music] I've seen a vision harsh and sweet [Music] of one who gave all he had for me. I felt the passion of his death and the forgiveness of his final breath. Now I can never be the same. My heart has been forever changed. I want to live and love and give the way he gave. [Applause] Now I'm giving my life away. Laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my own. So here I stand today, giving my life away. No earthly price could be too great. No sacrifice too much to make. No way of measuring the cost next to the blood of Calary's cross. Oh. So if I live, I live for him. Or if I die, I count it gain. My life is not my own. But he is from this day on. [Applause] Now I'm giving my life away. Oh, laying it down on the altar. Now I'm giving my life away. Oh, the very least I can offer is my all. So here I stand today, giving my life away. Oh, now I'm giving my life away. Oh, laying it down on the old. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my own. Oh, so here I stand today. Giving my life away. One more time. Sing. Now I'm giving my life away. Oh, laying it down on the old sing. Now I'm giving my life away. The very least I can offer is my own. So here I stand today. giving my life away. So here I stand today giving my life away. [Music] [Applause] Amen and amen. So here I stand today. Let the will of the Lord be done in our lives. Amen. Can we be upstanding even as we take this song? God is good all the time. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in his heart of mine. God is good. All the time, through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] He was all the raisin. [Music] is good. If you're walking through the valley, in the shadows all around, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. He has promised never leave you or forsake you. And his word is true all the time. Put a song on the way in this heart of mine. I am all the time through the darkest night. I will thus all we were sinners so un worthy still for us he chose to die fill us with you Holy Spirit now we can stand and testify that his love is everlasting and his mercy for me will never put us all of this heart. God is good. The darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. [Music] No, I may not understand all of the you have for me. My life is in your hand and through the eyes of I [Music] will shine God is good. God is good. Oh good. [Music] Though I may not understand all the you have for me. My life is in your hands and through the eyes of my child [Music] [Applause] [Music] will shine. God is good. We were sinners. We were so unworthy still for us to die with his holy spirit and testify. Oh, there is love everlasting and his mercy will never dar His light will shine. God is good. Hallelujah. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Praise God. God is good all the time. Amen. Though we may not understand the plan that he has for us, but our life is in his hand. Amen. And through the eyes of faith, we can what? That God is good. Amen. Oh my. It's been a long time, brother John, since we seen God is good. In case there is no special on Sunday, then we can sing God is good. Amen. Amen. Wonderful. If there is no if if if you don't know how to rejoice, just come in the house of the Lord. Amen. Because the shout of the king is in the camp. Amen. We don't just have the Bible. We have the Bible and the message of the hour, which is the shout of the king. Amen. Oh, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. What an atmosphere. By the time I got here, the song service was almost over. Oh, at the very last best one. Praise God. But we greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any new subscriber online, numbers keep coming up, going up. God richly bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle and any family members here. God bless you. Josie, I saw you somewhere. God bless you. Good to see you, Josie. How are you doing? Amen. Amen. Amen. Good to see you. Praise God. Praise God. And welcome to spoken word convention on Wednesday. Amen. Now you see how God loves you that even somebody's praying something wrong toward you, God keep changing that. Look how many time Bum went to pray to pray to pray trying to curse somebody and God keep changing the curses into the blessing because he love Israel. And when I was reading the the scripture on Sunday where the Bible say and that people will rise up like a lion, he hit me on the pulpit but I left it alone. If you watch the news, Israel attack Iran and the attack of Israel toward Iran. Benjamin Nachau called that rising lion operation. So Benjamin is doing a rising lion operation. But the true lion. Yes, sir. I don't know if you my friend it is homegoing town. If you want to say stay in this world that's your problem. I'm getting ready to go. Pope Leo lion Benjamin Natanu rising lion operation and the lion is the second coming of the lord. So what do you think we are? If Benjamin is rising up, remember his name is Benjamin, which is 144,000 and he's working for the Jews. So if the Jews are rising as a lion, what about the bride of Jesus Christ? Amen. The one who will meet is not a lamb. Uh come on now. The one you will meet in the air is not a lamb. We will meet the lion because he's coming as the lion of the tribe of Judah. If he's a lion, then we are lion. My friend, it's homegoing time. If you look it, it's crazy all over the world. Amen. Now, Israel war with Hamas the hood is shooting. How can they kill so many I mean like 20 top military? What intelligence have Israel? It's even farther than the CIA. And if Israel have such intelligence [Applause] [Music] in the natural what intelligence has the bride? I don't know if you get it because brother Brandham said the eyes was the prophet. Yes. He says the mouth was the Pentecostal. Brother Brandham, we say we pass the eye. We are in the mind which is the intelligence which has been reflected by the coming of the cloud because the intelligence has come. So our intelligence even it's even superior than what Israel has because we have the supreme intelligence of God. Amen. Amen. [Laughter] Oh, glory to God. A minister, a minister made me laugh. He says, "Brother Steven, there is a a nuclear site in uh in Iran." It's all over the news. So, I'm not saying something like it's new. There's a nuclear site in Iran that is way deep, way deep, deep, deep into the into the mountain. So, there is nothing that can destroy it bunker bomb. And America is the only one that carry that because that one will go 90 what me or 90 mile or whatever down and that's the only one that can destroy that once for all. And he said brother Steven evangelist can go and shoot other demon left and right but we need the teacher for the banker buster to get deep into the pen to penetrate the Hey, I didn't say that. I got this. I got the text. I'm just repeating the text. He said we need the teacher to go deeper into the and and and and enter the depths of Satan to bust everything down there. You see what God is doing with a purpose? It's releasing any tension because I know somehow there is a reason. There is a time, there is a season, and there is a purpose. Period. I'm going to sleep. Amen. Because no enchantment, no divination, nothing can do anything to Israel. Once you are in Christ, there is nothing nothing. Hallelujah. You will say, okay, you're saying that because it's a teacher. Yeah, I have the text. He send it to me. I'm just telling you what he sended to me. And I and I and I send him aside and I say bullseye. So sometime we need to go deep deep deep deep and get that stuff out because uh superficially you're just killing devils that fun you just destroying but it's on the surface. Sometime we need to go deep with a bunker buster bomb. It goes way deep and destroy everything. Amen. If you notice, I don't know if you noticed. Do you know where they killed uh uh I mean chief? They use a bustler banker bomb. He was way down. It looks like these folks built cities underground. So the only way to get them, you need to go underground. So if naturally the folks are underground, if you want to get the devil in this town, let's go deep. I already sent you the code, but I'm saying we need to learn deep. Let's go deep. Amen. Not just we cast out the devil and the devil come back. No, no, no, no. We need to go to the root and uproot everything. Amen. That's why John the Baptist said that the axe is at the root, not at the branches. You cut the branches and now the branch come out. But if you go to the root, you take the life out. Amen. Which brother preach total deliverance. Not partial, total. So we need to be delivered completely once for all. Amen. Glory to God. Wonderful. Wonderful. And once again, happy birthday, sister Sharon. Sister Sister Sharon birthday is very complicated to celebrate. It's a church birthday. It's my birthday. It's a pastor. So, it's very complicated. So, I got to put it here and there. So, I got all area covered. Amen. Man, you can bypass [Laughter] Amen. It's sister Sharon's birthday. Amen. Glory to God. I'm not preaching tonight. It's a convention. So, we got brother Solomon line up to preach tonight. So, you know, brother Solomon, he help us with the building up there and may God richly bless him for his uh work. When they say inspection, it's not a little thing. If it doesn't pass, we stuck. So, when he pass, we can move on. So, his inspection passed without any problem. When I was talking to him, he said, "But Stephen, usually they will find at least something." Boom. And they say, "You need to redo this." But for some reason, he did it. Everything pass in one shot. So God richly bless him for all the sacrifice and what he did for us. Amen. He saved us a lot of money from the first coat to his coat. It's a big difference. And we appreciate the brother for doing that. Amen. So let's sing only believe. He's at home. He preach like home and we pull like home. Home we believe. Oh believe. All things are possible, only believe, [Music] only [Music] believe. Thank you, Jesus. We believe all things are possible. [Music] All bee and Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus [Music] is here and all things are possible. My Jesus is here. Jesus [Music] is here. Jesus [Music] is here and all things are possible. Jesus is here. Amen. You believe he's here this evening? Amen. If he's here, that's all that that's all that we need. Amen. If he's here in our midst, I tell you, he makes the difference. Amen. He makes a difference in every service. He makes a difference in your family. He makes a difference in your home, on your job. Amen. I I don't believe in just a church Jesus, but I believe in a daily Jesus. Amen. Cuz I don't just need him at church, but I need him every day. Amen. And I tell you, you know, the prophet said, the angel of the Lord loved to hear that song. Yes, sir. And uh, you know, I just thinking the the prophet said that the angel of the Lord accompanies the message always. Amen. So, always means always. So, if the angel of the Lord is here, I believe that everything's possible. I believe that lives can be changed. Uh, families can be touched, needs can be met. Amen. When you put a supernatural God in our midst, I believe supernatural can happen. Amen. So, we're just looking forward to what God has in store for us here tonight. I want to read this uh this quote to you. It's not actually a quote, but here in Souls that are in prison, uh I was just listening to a tape earlier and just begin to stir into my spirit some. I'd like to read it to you if that'd be okay. Uh but there is a tongue and interpretation that's given there at the end of that sermon when Brother Brandham gets done preaching. And my just be to uh stir me up. I'd like to share it with you. I'm sure you're familiar with it. Uh but here in souls that are in prison, uh the prophet got done preaching a sermon there and this brother gives an interpretation and this is the interpretation. My children today I say unto thee, yay, even I, the almighty God has looked upon the earth today. I've seen the evil that this creation has been brought to. And yay, I see the sin that man this day is dwelling within. And yay, dust thou not know that I have done a great thing for thee? Yay, I have sent forth a man in this last day. Yay, he might be a mouthpiece unto this generation. But I say unto thee, this day, my people, many have scoffed at this name, and yay, they've turned their backs upon the things that he has spoke. I want you to notice this. But I say unto thee that those that shall hear these words, who's he talking about? those that shall hear these words, I shall cause great blessings to fall upon them. I am the Almighty God. And I got to thinking on that. I thought that's me right there. Amen. I'll cause great blessings. And brother Steven just began speaking before I came up. I thought he said exactly what I wanted to say. You cannot curse what God has blessed. God said, "Those that hear this message, I'm going to cause great blessings to fall upon thee." And I don't know about you, but I look at that and I say, "Lord, I receive my blessing. I receive my blessing. I receive what you have for me." Amen. I believe that that was speaking about you and I. So, I just wanted to share that with you. It was a great blessing to me. Uh, but I wonder if we could just pray together before we look to the word. We just want to invite the author of the word to come and speak to us. So, let's just bow our heads together. Lord, Lord, we thank you for your grace and mercy on our lives, Lord, to assemble together one more time on this side of eternity. Lord, you know, we're living in a world that's falling apart right now as we even speak, Lord. But we're so glad that you've got a bride upon this face of the earth. And as the world is falling apart around us, you've got a people that are not falling apart, Lord, but they're falling into the place that you've called them to be. And Lord, we thank you for the word that you've sent in our age. Lord, none of these things are catching us by surprise or offguard, but Lord, you sent us a a great and wonderful message, Lord. And we know what our future holds. And Lord, for the world, their future's dark, but for the bride, it is very bright. And we thank you, Lord, for your word and for your promise that you've given us in the end time that we're living in. Lord, we pray that you would just speak to our hearts and lives here tonight. Lord, we did not come to see one another, as great as that may be. But Lord, we've come to see and to hear from you tonight. Lord, we know this service would be in vain if you wasn't here. Lord, it would be in vain if it was a man doing the preaching. Lord, it would be in vain, Lord, if all of this was just the works of a man. But I pray, Lord, that you would just anoint the gift you put in me tonight. Lord, I pray that your word would be sent forth and the power and the demonstration of the Holy Spirit. Lord, may your word be as a seed and may our hearts be as a soil. And Lord, may you plant your word deep within us, Lord. And I pray it would become Christ in us, which is the hope of glory. Lord, we just give you this meeting tonight. And we we invite you to this platform to come, Father. Lord, we pray that you would get all the glory and get all the honor and get all the praise. Lord, we'll be sure to give it to you and you alone. We pray in the most mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, I want to turn straight into the scripture. We don't want to hold you very long being a midweek service. Uh but we want to read here in 2 Corinthians the 10th chapter. We'll begin reading at the third verse and also in the book of Ephesians in the sixth chapter. As you're turning there, I just want to greet you tonight in the name of the Lord. And it's certainly a great honor to be here. And I appreciate brother Steven uh giving me the invitation to come and speak to you here tonight. account of the great responsibility and I appreciate the confidence he's put in us to be here. Amen. We just want to put our shoulder to the wheel. Amen. We're all on one great journey and uh we want to help how we can in the kingdom of God and uh we certainly appreciate this church here and your friendship and uh we're we're all just message believers. Amen. I believe it. You believe it. We believe it. And we just want God to have his way tonight. Amen. One thing I've come to find out is that God is a sovereign God. And you can't make God do nothing. But he said you can't ask that your joy might be made full. So I'm just asking for God to speak. And I'm asking for God to have his will. And whatever he wants to do tonight, I just want to be standing near when he does it. That's right. Amen. That's my heart's desire. I know it's yours. Let's read together if you will in 2 Corinthians 10 and the third chap or or the 10th chapter and the third verse. Familiar reading of scripture here. The Bible would say this. For though we walk in the flesh, we do not war after the flesh. For the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but they're mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. I want you to notice the Bible says that our weapons are mighty. And by these weapons, it'll be to the pulling down of strongholds. So, in other words, what God has given us is enabling us to pull down strongholds. You believe that tonight? You said, "What he give us?" He gave us his word and casting down imaginations. I I think it's a beautiful scripture there. Casting down imaginations. You know, we talk about predestination and we believe it with all of our hearts. We believe it how the prophet said it. But you've got to understand that there's a part that you have to do in the scripture. See, the Bible don't say God's casting down imaginations, but this scripture is saying you're casting down imaginations. casting down imaginations and every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God. So the Bible's telling you very clearly there's going to be things that come your way that are going to try to exalt themselves against the knowledge of God. The Bible says bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Amen. Amen. Bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ. Let's turn also in Ephesians the 6th chapter and the 12th verse. How many wants to break every stronghold of the devil tonight? Amen. That should all be our heart's desire. Ephesians 6 and 12, the Bible reads this. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. That's right. Amen. We ask that God will bless his word. You can be seated tonight. I'd like to take a title from this and speak to you on pulling down of strongholds. Amen. Strongholds no more. In other words, amen. But so we see here in the scripture that our battles that we are facing that uh they're not fleshly battles. And see, I believe that God sent us a message in this end time to expose all of the works of the enemy. And I I believe that if you're ignorant how Satan's working, it's because you decided to be ignorant. It's not because you have to be ignorant of Satan's devices, but it's because you decided to be ignorant of Satan's devices. I don't believe uh that the bride of Christ should be ignorant of how Satan is working. But we should all know exactly how the devil's working. Amen. See, the prophet taught you and I, he said, see, the thing of it is is that we want to try to keep all the punches off of us as much as we can. So, we know we're in a great battle, and we know that the devil on every hand is trying to trap and trying to snare the believer. And that's why we've always got to be fortified behind the word of God. And and I believe that God sent us a prophet like unto Elijah in the Old Testament. We read there in the Old Testament when he would go and begin to tell the secrets of the Syrian army and and the Syrian army said, "We've got a traitor in our midst because every time we go to do something, somehow the children of Israel, they're figuring out our battle plan and they're figuring out where we're going to hit, what we're going to do. Is that the truth?" And they said, "There's a there's a traitor amongst us." us. But then a man rose up and said, "No, there's not a traitor amongst us, but they've got a prophet on their side. And every time we go to do something, they've got a sear that's over there. And he's revealing the secrets in the bed chambers." And so every time we try to do something, the children of Israel know and they're waiting because they know what we're going to do. Now, I believe it's the same way with the bride of Christ. Listen. Amen. It don't shock me on Monday morning when I wake up and I got the devil knocking on my door. It don't shock me on Tuesday when I'm in the heat of a battle. I'm looking for it. Amen. You That's just the truth. Amen. I I'm looking for the next battle. If I'm not in one, I'm getting ready to go in one. If I'm not see it a It ain't surprising to the believer because we ain't here for a picnic. We're not here to take it easy. Amen. The prophet said, "Our rest ain't here. Our rest is on the other side. Amen. While we're here, we've got to fight every single day. Let me just tell you, if you don't plan on fighting, you're probably in the wrong game. If you don't plan on waring, Amen. You're probably in the wrong place. But listen, God has called us all to be fighters and warriors. Amen. I know people like a easy belieism Christianity and they don't like talking about this, but listen. Amen. We're here in a great war today. Amen. And we're here to overcome. And it's not going to be just by by God pushing us through a tube and we get on the other side and say, "Bless God, overcome." But it'll be because we fought to win the prize. It's exactly right. But I I don't want to get ahead of myself in preaching on this, but but I want to show you some things here in the scripture. We understand that the devil is constantly trying to get you and I trapped in a stronghold. Isn't that right? Now, now a stronghold, it may not be something that that happens overnight, but it's something that starts somewhere. The prophet preached an entire sermon called from that time on. May preached it more than once, but he went to show you that that that the condition you get in, it started somewhere. It started from a decision you made. It started it started where you said, "Well, you know, I I know there's a scripture against that, but I don't really think it means that." or or you or you lay the scripture aside and say, "Well, I know that's there, but I really want to go do this." Amen. Listen, it's because you made a decision that you wanted to do what you wanted to do instead of doing what the word of God said to do. And then when you find yourself in a mess and you start blaming God when God had nothing to do with your condition, but you had everything to do with your condition. Amen. See, what does the Bible say? Amen. That you get into that condition when you're drawn away by your own lust. That's what got you in the stronghold to begin with. But see, before you go down the wrong path, it starts out as a thought. Before you make a wrong decision, it starts out as a thought. Amen. You first think about it and you begin to reason in your mind. Before you ever get in a backsliden condition, you've already got backsliden in your mind. Before you've left church, I've seen it many of times, but Amen. before somebody's left church, they they've already left in their mind. They're sitting in the house of God and they're already gone. And people say, "Brother, I tell you, I just didn't see it coming. I didn't see that he would were leaving back." I say, "What are you talking about? He left two months ago. He'd already left in his wife." See, and that's where the devil works. He's working in the mind. And then it's a matter of time before what is in here begins to manifest through your life. Now, let me tell you, Amen. The prophet taught you and I, Amen, that the at the womb of the spirit's the mind, right? The womb of your spirits in your mind. That's why you be careful what you listen to. You be careful the things you listen to, the music you listen to. Well, I don't think there's a harmon there. That's what the devil wants you to say. Amen. Can I just say this? Why don't you just stick with the oldfashioned Holy Ghost music? I'm going to get in trouble, but I I might as well just preach here for a moment. Amen. Listen, you've got to guard yourself. See, that's what the devil wants you to do. Well, you know that ain't going to hurt much. And you know that ain't that big of a deal. But see what it is. These things are written under inspiration. And before you know it, you're in a stronghold and you're gloomy and doomy. Let me just share this with you. I may have told it to you before. There's a sister battling with depression. She got prayed for. The devil got cast out. She came back battling with depression. The Bible talks about when the spirit goes from you, you walk in dry places. It's scriptural. And the prophet showed you and I that he said you got to get the good man of the house to keep it clean. And you've got to do your part to stay away from those things. don't get entangled again. And this sister kept on going in a horrible cycle of in and out and in and out of this depression spell. And they finally sat down with her and began to talk to her said, "Sis, you know what? Are you doing at home? Are you are you doing anything wrong?" She said, "Well, I I'm not living in sin. I'm not doing this." And they said, "What kind of music you listening to?" And come to find out, she was listening to this soft, mellow piano music, but it was a gloomy and it was a sad and it was a Amen. Depress. Yeah. You know what I'm talking about. You a a sad song made you want to cry and it was inviting a spirit from hell. It was inviting a spirit and she found herself in a stronghold and she had to keep running back to the ministry to pray for her. But the whole time she was getting entangled with something that she had the power to cast it down the whole time. And they said, "Sis, turn that junk off and stop listening to it." And she turned it off and she was completely and totally delivered once you find out the root cause. Amen. You can kill the root and you can be on your way to deliverance. Well, it's just the truth. You say, "Well, I don't think it's that important." That's exactly what the devil wants you to think. I don't think music like that's bad. That's what the devil wants you to think. But before you know it, you're entangled in depression. You're entangled in suicide. You're entangled in all of these things. And you wonder how you got there. You wonder how you got there. Amen. It was a trap of the devil the whole time, but you didn't realize it. And this stuff was getting into the womb of your spirit, which is your mind. Amen. If I plant a tomato seed and I put sun and water and I know it's a good seed, why am I going to be shocked when I see that thing growing? Hey, I planted it and I'm watering it. I'm not surprised that it's growing. So why in the world do you get shocked when you've been planting the wrong seed and you've been planting the wrong thing and you've been watering it and it begins to grow? You say, "How'd the devil get there? You've been feeding and watering that old dog." I tell you what you need to do. You need to kick the food out and kick the water out and say, "Devil, you ain't living here no more. Devil, you ain't working on me no more. Devil, you're not staying in my mind no more. You're not staying in my home no more." Amen. Stop feeding that old dog and kill that old dog. Amen. And walk in your freedom as a son and daughter of God. It's just the truth, church. You might as well say amen. You keep on putting food on the porch. All the stray dogs in town are coming to your house and you want Hallelujah to God. Y'all know it's the truth. Praise the Lord. It's just the truth. You're inviting him those things. And listen, you can put that in the negative, but what about in the positive? What about when you're planting seeds of God and you're planting the word of God? You're planting the message of the hour. Amen. You're sewing good seed. You say, "Preacher, I tell you, I I've been sewing the seed. I've been doing the right thing, but I ain't seeing the plant grow." It ain't up to you to see the plant grow. Amen. You just got to leave it alone. Hey, if you can plant the wrong thing and it'll grow and and create a stronghold around you, what about when you plant a good and righteous seed? I tell you what you got to do. You got to stop digging that thing up and you got to plant the promise and you got to water it with praise. You got to water it with praise. Let me just give you a little secret in here. When you planted a promise of God and you ain't seeing it happen and you ain't seeing it the next day, once the devil's come to, he comes to your mind and he knocks. See, I told you God don't answer prayer. I told you God don't heal the sick. I told you God don't bring fruit to a barren womb. I told you God don't do this. And see what you do. You're letting the seed of doubt grow in your mind. But stop it right then and grab a hold of that thought that is trying to exalt itself against the knowledge of God. And the Bible commands you to cast that thing down. Hey, I tell you what I say. I think it's time that we stop letting these thoughts have their way in our mind, but let's grab a hold of them and cast them down. Are you with me tonight? Now, I'm not talking about a good sermon. I'm talking about lift your hand and grab a hold of that saw. See, see, I I I love literal preaching. I love a preacher that don't just tell me what to talk about it, but tell me what to do. [Applause] Tell me what to do. You You talk about deliverance, but tell me what to do. Amen. Next time you feel that spirit coming to you, just raise your hand and say, "Devil, in the name of Jesus Christ, I'm grabbing a hold of you and I'm pulling you down." Hey, I got to tell the devil tonight. Amen. Satan, your kingdom's coming down. And Jesus, your kingdom is rising up. Amen. Pull down the strongholds. Amen. Pull down the thoughts that are trying to exalt themselves against the knowledge and the word of God. That's the truth. Amen. You're letting those things exalt theirelves. You've got to cast them down. Amen. Your weapons are mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Pull down the stronghold. Amen. Can I tell you this? Amen. God told the children of Israel in the Old Testament, the book of Numbers, Numbers 33, that when you go into the land, there's going to be Amalachites in the land. There's going to be children. Amen. Maybe a different scripture that I quoted there, but there's a scripture in Numbers 33 talks about to pluck down and tear down the graven images. But there's a word concerning the Amalachites that's in the land. And God tells them to kill all the children, kill all the adults. And you think, "Well, brother, that that sounds very cruel. Why would you kill a child Amalachite? Because the Amalachites were a they were they were an enemy against the children of Israel. And any chance they got, they were attacking Israel. They were waring against Israel. And God said, "While they're a baby, go ahead and kill them." And let me tell you this, amen. A baby Amalachite is a whole lot easier to deal with. Amen. Than a than a 25year-old Amalachi that is in the prime of his youth. And that's why the devil says, "Well, you know, ju just leave it alone. It ain't a big deal. You just just deal with it tomorrow." Amen. Kill that thing before it has a starting chance. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Preach, my brother. Glory to God. Amen. I hope that's okay. But see, that's what the devil's doing. Amen. He's trying to trap us and get us into a stronghold. And see, before you do before you do the wrong thing, first you're laying aside the word of God. And you're going on your own road. And God will let you do it. God will let you do the wrong thing. He'll let you go down the wrong road. God don't make you do anything, but he will give you his word. He'll give you his word, and it's up to you what you do with that word. And see, that's why the devil is constantly attacking the word because if you don't got confidence in the word, then you'll just do whatever you want to do. The prophet said here in Satan's Eden, he says, "Certainly, Satan has had a marvelous success in carrying out his threats by the people letting him explain away in every age the value of God's promised word to that age." He said, "See, that's exactly how he's done it. He's explained away the value of the word." He says, "Well, well, that that ain't that important. I don't think it's that important." And that's what the devil wants to do to you. Amen. See, that's the devil preaching his own false doctrine to you. And he wants you to eat on that. Do you realize that? Amen. Look at the church world today. It ain't nothing more than a bunch of motivational speeches. [Applause] They ain't using the word of God. It's health, wealth, and prosperity. Your best life now. That's the that that's the fake gospel that this world is preaching. And it makes you feel good and it makes you it makes you pay tithes good and makes you do all of these things good. Amen. But see what it is. It's the devil's gospel. The devil wants you to feel good about yourself. He wants you to feel comfortable. He wants you to feel all of these ways. Amen. But listen, that is not the gospel of this Bible. That's the truth. That's not the gospel of this Bible. That's a different gospel. And see, that's what the devil's trying to do is preach a different gospel to you and I. Amen. See, that's what the prophet said. He said, "See, it's a spiritual womb and a physical womb. And the mind is the womb of the spirit." See, that's why you don't listen to your mind. You listen to the word. Don't listen to what you think. That's what he did. Listen to the word. When you listen to what you think or your own ideology or what you think sounds good, you're going to get led a million miles away. You got to lay aside your own thinking and cleave only to the word of God. Listen, it don't matter if you understand it all. You just got to believe it all. It don't matter if you can make everything make sense. God is not calling understanders. God is calling believers of his word. And I don't believe cuz I understand. I believe cuz I am a believer. And it's in me to believe. If I only believe cuz I understood, I'd only be a Pharisee. But I believe because I am a believer. And see, the devil wants you to listen to your mind. But see, that's where you got to understand that's where the devil works. See, don't listen to your mind. Listen to the word. Now, now I believe this is a battle that started in heaven. I believe when Lucifer, he desired to be worshiped as God and he didn't think it was fair that God was getting all the glory and God was getting all the praise. And so what he do? He went about preaching. The book of Revelation tells you that the tail of the dragon, it drew a third of the angels. It was not the It was not the T A I L. It was the T A L E. See, let me tell you this. The devil is the most wonderful, polished preacher that you'll ever hear. Amen. Well, listen. We're talking about a being that don't know any sin. But Lucifer was such a good preacher that he got into the mind of an angelic being and so deceived them that he drew a third of them out of heaven with him. Don't you tell me the devil ain't a good preacher. And don't you tell me the devil ain't behind the media pull pits today. Amen. Let me just preach here for a moment. It's going to open up a whole big channel if I don't stop. Amen. But see, that's the that that's the ministry of Lucifer. Amen. I don't know how many angels it was, but the Bible says a third. Amen. It could have been thousands. Could have been. We don't know how many it was. But let me tell you this. The devil is not okay having a small platform. He don't want a small platform in the world. He don't want to just get one or two. Amen. He wants to deceive nations and as many as he can. Amen. See, see what the devil want. He wants to be worshiped as God. And let me tell you what he was back then is what he is today. And that has not changed one bit as to truth. Amen. Now, the prophet will run this through the Bible and show you how a heavenly battle became an earthly battle. And he'll show you the descendants of Cain. And then he'll show you all through Noah and Ham, Sham, and Japheth. And then he'll show you with the Nimrod. Amen. That created the city of Babylon. And then you got the Tower of Babel. Amen. And then the prophet ran that same spirit and showed you where idolatry began. Amen. Was in Babylon. The city of Babylon. Direct quote. The prophet said that's where idolatry began was in Babylon. Amen. What is it? The devil getting worship unto a false image. Amen. See, Amen. I think it's beautiful. The prophet breaks into that Babylon. He said, and I meant the gates of heaven, but God turned it into the gates of confusion. Babylon. The devil thought, I tell you what, I'm going to make a tower into heaven and everybody's going to see how great it is and how wonderful it is. See, the prophet said them Canaanites, they were they were good at at instruments and they was good at buildings and they were scientific and smart. And you've got the Abels just out there in the garden. And the Canaanites, they're so beautiful and wonderful and great and big. And the prophet ran that city of Babylon into the book of Revelation and showed you it's now not a city, but it's now a woman, that great And it was written on her mystery Babylon. And the Bible says that she sat on the face of many waters. And the prophet said, "What is it?" It's many people. And the Bible records, Abram, that there is kings and nations that are drunk on the wine of her fornication. The prophet said, "What was it?" It was the doctrine that she preached and they was drunk from the wine of her fornication. And the prophet showed you it was the Antichrist all the way through. And it was the devil that was deceiving millions upon millions of people by the gospel that he preached. [Applause] Is that the truth? Hey, I don't have time to get into it. It's just far too deep to get into. But the prophet showed you and I on this. He said, "What was that?" Amen. Who was it that started the Hail Marys? It was the Antichrist spirit. He said Paul didn't start an organization. Peter didn't start an organization. Amen. It was the Catholics that started that organization. Amen. And the Bible says it was a mother that had daughter harlots. He said a harlot is not a boy. It is a girl. And that's written upon her blasphemous names. See what you're seeing. Amen. You're seeing the greatest stronghold that the devil listen friends. We're talking about the religion of the world is Catholicism. And her daughters have got amen. Her daughters have got churches set up all over this world and she's got blasphemous names written on her as Methodist and Baptist and Presbyterian and Lucia and he's preaching to the masses of people and the people are in bondage and they're tied down and they're lost as lost can be and they are drunk on the wine of her fornication. But I heard another voice. I said I heard another voice. Amen. That be to cry out, "Come out of her, my people." The prophet said, "The message of the hour said, come out of her, my people, and be not partaker of our pl." I want to tell the devil, there may be a lot of kings drunk on your wine. There may be a lot of churches drunk on your wine, but I am drunk on a different wine tonight. It's a wine that the devil don't got. I'm intoxicated by the Holy Spirit that came down on the upper room. Amen. Listen, devil. You may have a cup, but that ain't my cup. You may have a drink, but that ain't my drink. Ain't that the truth? That's why the prophet preached sermons about why I'm against organized religion. He said, "I've come amongst you people and you say the days of miracles are passed and there ain't no divine healing and Jesus Christ ain't the same yesterday, today and forever." And you wonder why is the prophet preaching things like that. It's because those daughter harlots was saying that Jesus is not the same. He don't do that no more. That was only for the apostles. But I thank God, Amen, from Malachi 4 and5. Amen. that restored us back to the original. Amen. Word of the Bible, not the word of the church, not the word of the pope, but the word that came out of this Bible. It's just a truth. Amen. You can study it all out. Amen. The prophet said the book of Genesis is a seed chapter. You can trace everything. You can trace all these evil spirits. You Amen. You can trace Babylon through through the Old Testament. all of these things. I tell you what, amen. We're not ignorant of Satan's devices. Amen. We're drinking tonight, but we're drinking from a different cup. Hallelujah to God. Amen. I'm drunk on a different kind of wine. Amen. It's the same wine that they got in Acts the second chapter. Amen. You ought to tell the devil tonight. Devil, I'm not drinking from your cup. You know, I got to pondering on that. I thought, my why do the Bible say they are drunk on the wine of her fornications? The prophet showed you it was her doctrine. You think about this new age church movement. It's a bunch of feelgood. It's a bunch of emotion. They they try to get you to feel good about who you are. They're not condemning you. They're not preaching against sin. And the prophet said, "What's the devil do? He'll preach this and he'll preach that, but he ain't going to tell you to live right. He ain't going to preach your clothesline religion. He ain't going to preach going to Pentecost religion. He's going to preach a superficial, shallow, feel-good gospel. Listen, if the gospel don't spank you a little bit, it probably ain't the right gospel. If the gospel don't step on your toes a little bit, it probably ain't the right gospel. It's the truth. I mean, the devil just wants to patch you and you feel, oh, you know, I'm just a me I'm just a starch methodist. I'm just a start. and he'll creep into the message churches. I'm just a message believer. I believe God sent a prophet. I'm okay. And the prophet said, "That's what the devil wants you to do." He said, "Being a Baptist don't mean you're okay." He said, "Being a Pentecostal don't mean you're okay." Amen. You got to go all the way to the same experience that they received in Acts the 2 chapter and don't settle for anything less. Amen. See, all these things start somewhere. You and you can trace it all the way in the Old Testament and show you. Amen. The prophet talked about with Eve, he said before she ever conceived physically, she conceived spiritually in the womb of her mind, my brother. There it is. That's the truth. And the prophet showed you and I, he said, see, the battleground begins in the human mind. That's where the battle starts. So, so that's why the devil is waring in your mind as hard as he is. because it's the womb spoken word was the original seed. Brother was set this way. He said see what it is. It's both physical and spiritual. He said with Eve first that came to the that came to the spiritual womb then the physical. He said and anytime that a woman takes the wrong step, I'm talking about Christ and the bride. He said anytime a woman takes the wrong step, she first has to receive that into her mind. He said some slicker has to persuade her and she listens to it against her own better judgment. He said and then the wrong act is committed. He said see first Satan hit Eve's mind and in the womb of her mind she doubted God's word and then came the actual act. And the prophet said and the only way that we can ever be born again is first in the womb of the mind. He said, "Receive the word." And then the spirit comes in on top of that and brings that word to life. He said, "There you are. What does it?" He said, "It's real gospel teaching." He said, "I believe if St. Paul was standing here today, he would teach the same thing that I do in this hour." He said, "What is it?" It was a virgin mine. He talks about Mary there. He said, "It was a virgin mind. A virgin womb." He said a virgin womb for that baby to Amen. He said and what brought forth? It brought forth results. Amen. See, so it all starts in the mind. That's where the devil Amen. See, before you're ever defeated, it started in your mind. As I said already, before you're ever backsliding, it starts in your mind. Amen. Before before something happens, you first have believed it in your mind. And see, that's what I want to get across to you here tonight. You've got to grab a hold of those things and to cast them down. Amen. Don't even let failure come into your mind. Don't even let fear take root into your mind. But before it even starts there, grab a hold of that thing and do yourself a favor and cast it down. I know what the devil does. He's coming to you all the time and he's trying to get you to doubt and trying to get you to disbelieve and say you're not able to do it and you don't have power over me. Amen. And that's a stronghold of the devil. And if you believe that devil's lie, then he's exactly right. When you believe he has power over you, then he has power over you. But see, the Bible tells you in the New Testament that we are kings and priests unto our God. Amen. Now, a priest in the Old Testament, there is nothing higher, Amen. Levitical order than a priest. And a king, Amen, and a king in world order, there's nothing higher than a king. So what God was telling you that you're kings and priests unto God, he's letting you know, hey, there ain't nothing that is above you. Amen. There is nothing that is higher than you, but you are kings and you are priests unto God. Amen. Why don't you remind the devil tonight? Amen. Devil, you are not above me, but I am above you. Devil, you are not higher than me, but I am higher than you. And what's the devil trying to say? No, you're not. No, you're not. You You just think you are. Say, "Devil, it's right here in the word. And I believe what God has said over it. I don't care what you've got to say." And see, that's the thing about it. God's word is God's word. No matter what condition you're in, if you're weak, you're still a king and priest. If you're discouraged, you're still a king and priest. If you're backsliding, If you're backsliding, you are still a son of God. You are still above the devil. It don't matter what condition you're in. You say, "I need a scripture for that." Look at the prodal. Look at the prodal. He said, "I know. All I've got to do is go home and my father will still be there. Shake yourself tonight. Your kings and priests unto God. Amen. There ain't a devil that's above the church of the living God. Amen. Let me just proclaim tonight. You're above every spirit of this world. You're above every devil in hell. Amen. Every spirit you want to name, you're above it. [Music] What the angels say, not even cancer will stand before your prayer if they believe. Let me tell you. Amen. There ain't a devil in hell that can stand before your prayer if you believe. That's right. Amen. Amen. Who you going to listen to? Are you going to listen to what the devil's telling you? I know this is simple, but it's what God's put on my heart. You going to listen to what the devil's telling to you tonight? Listen, can I tell you what the prophet said? He said, "You can't help them crows flying over. I can't help it. You can't help it." Amen. Remember in that meeting, there was a man that came to Brother Brandham. He said, "Brother Bram, listen. I was having all these bad thoughts about you and I was having these negative thoughts. Amen. Criticizing you." He said, "Brother Bram, I just want to apologize for that." Brother said, "Sir, listen, that was not your thoughts. But there was another man that was in that meeting and he was criticizing what God was doing. And that spirit that was on him got on you. That is not your socks. Listen, the devil's been bringing thoughts to your mind and all of these things. Listen, those are not your thoughts. That's what the devil's putting into your mind and he's trying to get you to think that those are your thoughts, but they're not your thoughts. That's what the devil's trying to do. That's the truth. Amen. That's why the prophet said you're a spirit. He said, you come into the house of God, let me just preach for a moment. I mean, you get a negative spirit on you or you get I tell you what, I just ain't entering into the service tonight. I don't care how they sing. I don't care how they preach. I'm not lifting my hands. I'm not amening. I'm not Amen. Sour, sour, sour. And you walk into the house of God in that condition. Amen. You realize you're a spirit. You're a spirit. And if you're not careful, that influence will jump onto another person. And now the song leader, the song leader's got to pay for it and the preacher has to pay for it and the church has to pay for it. That's the truth. Listen, I don't want you to have to pick up my slack. I don't want the song to have to pick up my slack because I realize, Amen. I don't have to be the prophet. I can be the minstrel. A direct quote actually. He said, "If you can't be the prophet, be the minstrel." Amen. Watch the minstrel, the musician. Amen. And put your parts. Amen. Put your part. Amen. See what the Bible says in Acts. That they were in one mind and they was in one accord. Everybody was there to hear from God. Everybody was there, Amen, to see God move in the power of his resurrection. It was all in one mind and one accord and had one objective. And that was to see him in the power of his resurrection. And the prophet said if we can get in one mind and one accord, he said you can see a repeat of the day of Pentecost. That's what he said. He said you can have a repeat of Pentecost. So take them critical spirits and go shoe them out the door. I don't get why it's got to be. Just go shoe that out the door. I just wish they would do it different. Just go shoe that out the door. Oh, it's just the truth. It's a stronghold that the devil's trying to bring into the church and it'll turn brother against brother and brother against pastor and sister against this one and that against that one. And what is it? It's the stronghold of the devil. Amen. Let me just preach here for a moment. The devil has got the church world out there. Amen. He's got the denominational system. He's got deception by the hundreds of thousands. But there's a little group of people that's on the face of the planet. And he's got every target aimed on you and I. I tell you what, church, that's powerful. He's got every church, and that's why he's aimed his crosshairs on your life. Amen. You wonder why you're battling so much? It's because the devil realizes who you are. Even if you don't realize who you are, the devil realized when Messiah was born in the manger and he moved upon Herod and said, "Go kill all the babies. Hurry and stop the program of God." But the prophet said, "God is always a step ahead of the devil." Let me tell you something, church. It don't matter what crosshair is on you. It don't matter if every devil in hell is against you. If God is for you, who can be against you? I say the devil's in hell. They can howl and they can scream and they can do what they want to. I mean, and the devil says we won't make it. I say, "Watch me. The devil says there ain't going to be no rapture. You're not good enough." I say, "Watch me." The devil says, "You can't do the greater works." I say watch me. The devil says you won't be able to overcome every spirit that is in hell. I say devil, Amen. Watch me do it because greater is he that is in me. Don't watch me do it, but watch him in me do it. Let me tell you what, Jesus has got no problem living according to his word. And the more that I can surrender, the more he can live through my life. It is Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. It's Christ in you, the hope of glory. What is the hope of the church? Christ in you. What is the hope of the ministry? It's Christ in you. What is the hope of the rapture? It's Christ in you. I say, what do we do? We surrender, amen, to the power of the Holy Spirit. That's the purpose of God. Not to have preeminence in the world, but to have preeminence in his church. What house will you build me? But a body hast thou prepared for me? Where is the place of my dwelling? Where is the home of my habitation? I say, "King Jesus, it ain't much. But this is all I've got to offer. This house may be broken. This house may be beaten. This house may be weak. But Lord, you're welcome to live in this temple." And Jesus responds tonight and says, "I don't care what shape it's in. I don't care if it's broken. I don't care if it's discouraged. I don't care if it's sick. If you'll surrender to me, I will gladly inhabit that house. [Applause] You said, "Brother S, you you you just don't know what I'm going through." Get Jesus in the house. And he'll just start cleaning. But brother, my life ain't perfect. Just surrender and get him in the house. He'll just start cleaning. And before you know it, the living room is clean. All the strongholds are broken off. Hallelujah. And the fragrance of your life begins to pour out of you. Hallelujah. Amen. The fragrance from the crushing and all of the battles and all of the struggles. Amen. It begins to free. Amen. Begins to freely push out on the outside. Hallelujah. Amen. Beat that devil down and say, "God's got it in control." Amen. Tell that devil, "Get out of here." Amen. God's got it in control. Amen. Listen. Break the strongholds of the devil tonight. Amen. Who told you you couldn't do it? Was that God or the devil? Who told you you couldn't make it? Was that God or the devil? Who told you you wasn't able? Is that God or the devil? Who told you the bride can't do the greater works? Is that God or the devil? Who told you you're not good enough and you won't be able to withstand it? God or the devil? Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Discern between it. Amen. See, I heard a saying from Amen. I I know he had partial light, but Amen. the prophet mentioned his name, Charles Spurgeon made a powerful quote. I saw he said, "True discernment ain't realizing. It's not discernment between right and wrong." He said, "It's discernment between right and almost right." I thought that's pretty good between what's right and almost right. See, the devil will bring you an offer. He'll bring you something that sounds kind of good. You can keep preaching if you just accept what we do. You You can keep pre you can keep the church doors. You can keep the church doors open. You'll come underneath organization and and the devil will make you an offer. He'll make you an offer. I tell you what, y'all can go out and go worship. Y'all can go out outside of Egypt and go worship, but just stay where I can see you. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Book of Exodus. Just stay where I can see you. Amen. Moses said, "Listen, we we're no deal. We're not doing that." See, the devil will let you go so far, but he always wants to keep his his hands on you a little bit. You can go worship, just don't go too far. See what it is? He wants to keep a stronghold on your life. Amen. If I was you, I'd look to the devil and say, "Devil, no deal." I'm not tell you you know what you you can go to the house of God, but just don't get too free. No deal. You can go to the house of God, but just don't enter into the word and enter into the worship. No deal, devil. I'm not taking your deal cuz you always got strings attached. [Music] That's the truth. Amen. That's what Moses told him. That's we're not doing that. Well, y'all can go, but but you know, just just leave just leave some of the hooves and leave some of, you know, leave some of the cattle here for us. Moses said, "Listen, we're leaving this place. We're taking all the cattle. We're taking all the children. We're taking all the elderly. We're taking our children. We're taking our loved ones." Amen. Listen, I think it's time we get some more Moses's. And let's make a declaration tonight. Amen. I'm not leaving my children behind. I'm not leaving my loved ones behind. I refuse to let go. I refuse to lose hope. But I'm going and I'm taking them with me. And confess it with your mouth. Amen. Don't just think about it, but confess it with your mouth and say, "I'm bringing my children with me. I will not lose them, but I claim them in the name of Jesus. I claim my family. I claim my loved ones. I claim my brothers and I claim my sister." You say, "Oh, preacher, I don't know about that." Well, let me tell you about amen. A sister of the name of Rahab. You just put a scarlet cord outside of your house and it'll be a token to you and I'm going to break down all the walls that's surround you. In other words, all of the past life that you had in this city, all of the strongholds that you've got, every every temptation, every trial, I'm going to take all of that around you and you just set forth the token. You just put out the token and you and your household will be I just love the Bible said it that way. Not just you, brother John, but you and your household. You and your household. And you know the Bible says that her house was the only thing standing. And let me just tell you, brother, sister, amen, those that have the token applied, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, this world may be crumbling or falling apart, but your household will remain. Amen. You believe that tonight? Amen. We'll turn a corner here and bring it to a close shortly. But see, Amen. Cast down those imaginations. Amen. Cast it from your mind. Amen. There was a story I heard one time, maybe you're familiar with it. There was a story of a man had termites coming to his home or he had a friend over, actually had a friend over. How the story went and there was a termite in his home and the friend noticed a termite. Ain't it something that your neighbors normally notice something before you notice it? And you may think you don't, but your pastor notices stuff before you think you notice it. [Applause] Sorry, but it's the truth. Amen. You think that you're slipping by and it's easy and nobody's seeing. Nobody's noticing. People people notice. Your neighbor notices. Your friends notice. Anyway, you take that and do something with it, I guess. But this man said, "Hey, you got a termite in your home. You better call somebody and get this taken care of." And the man said, "Well, you know, I guess I'll call the exterminator and see what he says." Had the exterminator come out to the home and he said, "Well, sir, I tell you what, you just got two termites here. It's not infestation, but but you you need to deal with this because if you don't, you'll have to pay for it later. That's it. If you don't, you'll have to deal with it later. And he said, you know, it's just two little termites. It ain't going to hurt nothing. And I'll just keep an eye on him and just watch him and be sure nothing bad happens. And so this man, of course, like any of us will would have completely forgot about it. And so the man completely forgot about it. And then one day, he was walking through his home and the and the floor began to give out from underneath him. He thought, "What in the world's going on?" And this be to creek and this be to pop. He thought, "I've got crazy problem. Let me let me call that exterminator back." Called the exterminator back and all the floor joist was rotten out and the wood had been eaten out. And the exterminator looked at him and said, "Sir, I told you to deal with this thing while there was only two termites and now you've got to get a whole entire house rebuilt because of your negligence. because you didn't deal with this while it was minor. Now that it's major, you've got just a catastrophe of a problem on your hand. You say, "Preacher, what are you saying?" I'm saying that's how the devil works in your life. He'll take something so small and so innocent. But see, it's a stronghold waiting to happen. And before you know it, the whole house is caving in. And before you know it, Legion was out there cutting himself. And Legion was out there, amen, living amongst the tombs. And the prophet says, see what Legion did as he told a lie one day. Then he took a social drink one day. He said, "A devil came. A devil came." And before you know it, he said he was so overtaken by devils. Amen. He was so tied down by strongholds, he was beyond help. He was beyond help. But I tell you what, there was a seed of God that was in that man. And Jesus said, "Hey guys, I've got a need to go by Gera." And Jesus went into that city because there was a man that was tied down by all kinds of strongholds. But Jesus knew who he was. And he went down to that man that could not help himself. Amen. And and them devils begin to cry out and said, "Why have you come to torment us before our before the time? Don't just cast us out, but give us somebody else to work through. That's right. The devil always wants somewhere to go. And then what did Jesus do? He did an all night prayer meeting. And that's not what he did. But Jesus said, "Go." And all the devils left the man. And the prophet said that that man went home to his family and he was in his right mind. But see, where did it start from? It started from this thing. Yes, sir. This thing and this thing. See, see what the Bible says. It's the little foxes that spoil the vine. It's the little things. Listen. Amen. When you're just I'm just going to obey the Lord for a moment. When you're just dating it, it's one thing. When you're just dating it, you know it's not that big of a deal. But when you're married to it, it's a world of iniquity. It's a world of problems. Amen. When you're just dating, you know, it's not that serious, not that big of a deal. But when you're married to it, and see that's what the devil Can I just quote to you, prophet? He said, "A believer under no circumstances should marry an unbeliever." See, if the devil can't get you here to try to get you here, you say, "Oh, but he's so nice and he's this. I don't care how nice he is. Amen. If he don't live his life according to the word, you don't want that kind of man. [Applause] You don't want that kind of person. If she don't live her life according to the word, oh, but she's so pretty and he's so nice and and that's exactly what the devil wants you to be like. That's exactly what the devil wants you to see just on the outside. Amen. But see, the Bible says her pits are the pits of hell. And the see see what the devil does. He's trying to get you in a stronghold. Listen, the devil has led to hell many and many of the sons of God. Ain't that right? Amen. Look there in the Old Testament. Amen. It was the sons of God went after the daughters of man and took unto them wives being led astray. Led astray and led astray. Amen. led astray by silly women according to the Bible. Amen. See, the devil will use your emotions and he'll get into your emotions. Amen. Now, listen, I'm not trying to preach something off on that, but the true elect will the true elect will not be deceived. We know that you're not going to be led astray if you're a true, a true gene seed of almighty God. Don't misunderstand what I'm saying. Amen. But see what the devil's trying to do? He'll try to work into your emotional realm and conscience and Amen. reasons and affections and imagination. And you say, "But I just feel in my heart. She's the one. I just feel. I feel. I feel. I feel." That's what the devil wants you to do is to feel. But the word don't care about feelings. The message don't care about feelings. And there was a man one time. He said, "Brother, I tell you what. God led me to go mar" A woman been married two or three times. He said, "Brother, I tell you what, God led me. He led me to go marry that woman. And I tell you, I had a dream and a dream and a dream and God led me to go do it. What planet do you live on? God ain't leading you to do anything that is outside of his word. You can have dreams and visions and lightnings and thunders, but if it don't go across this germ of Sommon, it's the devil in the lightning. It's the devil in the dream. It's the devil in the vision. It's the devil in the sign. It's the devil in the Janice jambers. If it don't line up with this word, throw it away, young man. Throw it away, young woman. It is the devil trying to snare your soul and trying to drag you to hell. And he'll do it if you let him. Say, "No, sir, devil. I'm not ignorant of that. I will not be moved by emotion. I will not be moved by fear. But I just don't know if I'll meet anybody else. I just don't know if there's another fish in the sea. I just don't there's a once and the devil does that to you. That's what the devil wants to do to you. So he'll wreck your whole life up and it turns into a stronghold of the devil. But see, if you just go back to the word, if you just run that thing back to the word, you'll find you'll find what's right and wrong. You'll say, "Hey, that's the devil doing that." That's it. See, the prophet made it super simple. He said, "There's only two spirits in the world today. It's either God or it's either Satan." If it don't line up with this word, see what the prophet preached a whole sermon called thinking man's filter. He said, he said, pass that doctrine through the filter. He said, and if it gets caught, throw that thing away. Cast your Amen. Amen. Pass your clothes line through the Amen. through the filter. And if it gets caught, then throw the thing away. [Applause] Amen. It's just the truth. See, it all starts out somewhere. Amen. All starts out somewhere. As I said, amen. You can't help the birds from flying over. You can't help these things come to you, but you can stop from building a nest. Amen. You can stop them things from building the nest in your home. And listen, let me tell you, maybe there's a nest there in your mind already. But there was a good man of the house here tonight, and he can clean out that nest. Amen. He can wash out that nest by the water of his word. Amen. Maybe you're so jumbled up in your mind and you're going in and out and in and out and you're in a vicious cycle with your walk with the Lord. The Lord can change that thing. Amen. He can break that stronghold and get you where you need to be. Amen. What's the devil say? Amen. Constantly bringing lies to you. You went too far from God. Grab a hold of that thing and cast it down. God ain't hearing your prayer. Amen. Grab a hold of that thing and cast it down. God God don't care about you. Grab a hold of that thing and cast it down. Amen. Hallelujah. Don't let the devil bind you. Amen. See, the prophet said here in the message, God talked to Moses. He said, God said, completely destroy that thing. He said, what we need today, he said, see, you're a baby and you play around with a whole lot of things that you should be destroying. He said, "Well, I'm afraid to testify of my healing." He said, "You know what? God said, "Destroy that thing." He said, "Get that out of your mind and get that out of your way." Amen. Don't compromise. Don't Don't back down to it. The prophet said, "Destroy that thing." And we'll preach here for a moment, then we'll close. But see, what the devil's trying to do to you is to bring something to you and plant it in your mind. But the prophet said, "Destroy your enemy before your enemy destroys you." Amen. I love it. See, Amen. The prophet ran that through Joshua and Caleb. Very beautiful. I love that scripture in the Bible. Amen. Caleb, the Bible says it was of another spirit. I just read that. I said, "That's the bride of Christ right there. She was of another spirit." Amen. And they went in and saw the same giants that the rest of the spy saw. Saw the same battles. saw the same trials. But them other spies, what was their report? They said, "We're not able. There's too many giants. There's too many this. There's too many that." But there was two spies that came back with the correct report. And they said, "Listen, I don't know about what they're saying, but all I know is we are more than able to take the land. We are more than able to possess everything that God has promised to us. And we're not going to stop short. And we're not going to back down. And we're not going to give in until we inherit everything that God has given us. Amen. I don't know about you, but that's my heart's desire. Amen. I know there's men that try to take these things away from the church of God and they try to say, "This ain't for the bride. It was only for brother Brandham." And my issue was with that is where did the prophet say that? Amen. Men come along and say the greater works is not for the bride. I say where do the prophets say that? Signs and wonders. They you know that was just for the prophet. Where do the prophets say that? Amen. Our pastor, brother Joshua Hol was preaching a sermon and it stirred my soul up so much. He began to talk about Hannah there in the Old Testament how Hannah was barren and the Bible says that she refused to be comforted until God came on the scene and answered her prayer. I thought, "My God, what a what a testimony that is." Amen. Refuse to be comforted until God has came on the scene and answered that prayer. Listen, I don't know about you all, but I am looking for the manifestation of the literal life of Jesus Christ in my life. In my life, I'm not looking at somebody else. In my life, amen. And if I'm not seeing it, it is not God's fault. It is my fault. It is because I need to die out a little bit more. And I need to surrender a little bit more. And my testimony is like, Hannah, I refuse to be comforted. Don't try to comfort me. Don't don't try to say, "Oh, brother, it'll be okay. You know, it'll be all right." I say, "God, I want to see the manifestation of the life of Christ in my life. Amen. You say, "Preacher, how's that going to happen?" By surrendering. By surren Let me tell you this. Amen. The prophet said, "And musicians, go ahead and come." Amen. The prophet said, "You take a sheep, you don't have to ask him to manufacture wool." The prophet said, he said, "See what it is? It's in his nature. It's in his nature. He just puts out wool." Amen. You said, "Why' the prophet share that?" He was to show you you're not manufacturing bride. You're not manufacturing bride material. You are bride material. You are bride material. And you're going to produce the life of Christ. But see, the prophet preached sermons and he talked about getting all the getting all the channels unclogged and getting all the pipes cleaned out. He says, "See, ain't no problem with the water, but sometimes water gets damned up a little bit. What to get damned up by by strongholds. Exactly right. The biggest stronghold I believe amongst the church of the living God is unbelief. That's right. Is unbelief. You say, "How can you say that?" Well, look at the scripture. Lord, I believe, but help my unbelief. We all Amen. We're all in the constant. Lord, I believe. Help my unbelief. Lord, I believe that the that that your life can so manifest through my life. See what the prophet said. He said that we are the bride body. He's the head. Amen. And the body will do whatsoever the head commands. Amen. Do you realize that that that Christ and the bride will be so close together. That's what I don't know about you all in this church, but that's what I want. I don't want to have the most perfect preaching or the most perfect theology or the most I I want to be able to show the the life of Christ on manifestation more than anything. Brother Richard Douglas, he's always just a younger man. I'm a young man now, but as a younger man, he said something that always stuck with me. He said, "I'm not worried about being the best preacher. I'm worried about being the best Christian." I said, "Lord, let that be me. I ain't worried about all that. Lord, I'll be what you want me to be. I don't care. I don't care about being the best. I'll be what you want me to be and I'll work. I'll work in the capacity you let me work in. But I know one thing. I want to reflect your life as the moon reflects the sun. Lord, let me reflect everything. Let me reflect your sternness on the word. Let me reflect your justice. Let me reflect your grace. Let me reflect your mercy. Amen. Amen. Listen, true spiritual maturity is not your knowledge of the message. No, sir. It's not your knowledge of the Bible. Amen. That's not true spiritual maturity. If it was, the Pharisees would have us all whipped a million miles. True spiritual maturity for the bride of Christ is manifesting this message. It's manifesting the literal life of Jesus Christ on display. You say, "What is a mature Christian?" It's a Christian full of love. It's a Christian full of grace. It's a Christian full of mercy. Now, I know people think the message is legalism, but this is a message of grace. And actually, when the headstone came down, it came crying grace, grace unto it. It was a message of pardon. It was a message of grace. And see the thing about it is is grace will write you in when everybody else wrote you out. Grace will write you back in when everybody else wrote you out. And see that's the grace I want to have and the mercy I want to have. I don't want to be tied and bound down by strongholds of the devil. I say, Lord, I want to surrender to you tonight. Amen. Stand to your feet if you will. Amen. I believe he's here tonight to break any stronghold. You believe that? Amen. Amen. I believe he's here tonight. No matter what the stronghold is. Amen. Let me just let me just say this. Don't get there in the first place. Don't get in that condition in the first place. Don't get to where you're Amen. You got a ministry here to help you. You got a ministry here that that wants to see you spiritually prosper. Don't get yourself into into a condition to where you just don't know where to turn and what to do. While you're dealing with something, the Bible says, "Today is the day of salvation." While you're dealing with something, let's Amen. Let's enter into prayer together. You ain't got to go into detail. Say, "Brother, I I need you to pray for me. I'm going through something, sister. I need you to pray for me. I'm going through something." Amen. Listen, I I'm on your side. I'm on your pastor's side. We're We're all on each other's side as the universal bride body of Christ. And most of all, he's on our side. And let me tell you this, he's going to see this thing through. Amen. He's going to see this thing through on your best days, on your worst days. This is our unstoppable bride. Amen. God bless you tonight. I I pray I pray this. I know it's all scattered out. I tr I trust you take something home with you tonight. Amen. God bless you tonight. Amen. If there's anything to take home with you, grab a hold of that imagination and cast it down. See, it's easy when you're in an atmosphere like this to talk about it. But see, when you go home and you're by yourself and nobody's around and that old man devil come, y'all know what I'm talking about. that old shadow begins to move around you, just lift your hand and say, "In Jesus Christ's name, I grab a hold of you, spirit of fear, you spirit of anxiety, you spirit of worry, and I cast you down in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. Brother Steven, come. God bless you tonight. [Applause] Praise God. Praise God. I don't know what he's calling scatter sermon, but to me, when you're preaching under the direction of the Holy Spirit, that is the best sermon. Amen. Amen. You didn't even hear what I preach on Sunday. The Holy Spirit took us to Bellum into a different channel showing the difference between the bride and denomination. And here the spirit is coming back again clarifying that we are not like the like like the denominational churches. Amen. Amen. It is clear as clear can be. Amen. That's why you need to watch what you're listening. Watch what type of music you are playing because you would say well they're playing I feel the anointing. Of course Bellam could bring God down. Amen. But that is not our music. And brother and and the brother preached tonight he say it start a little bit a little bit. A little bit. Brother Brandham say when they put the the the the what feast of Balp, brother Brandham say it was a feast of worship. Yes. So they invited Israel into a worship of denomination and brother Brandham say Israel thought well we need to go there to witness to them. And when they got there they found out that the women are dancing different than sister Victoria. They dancing different than Sister Yoken. They dancing different than Sister Olivia. In other words, they found a different type of women. Amen. And before you know it, Israel was drawn into a last. You must say, "Brother Stephen, I don't go to the it it's even a shame when I see message believer going into Pentecostal uh I mean concert. It's even a shame. I'm sorry my friend. If we have to stay two people in this church, we will stay two people. But in the word, it is even a shame. You see message believer going to I mean I mean a denominational I mean you're going to pick up a spirit. Amen. Amen. You might not even go to their concert but you are so much exposed to their uh I mean clips until you begin to get used to women dancing a certain way, shaking their hips and everything. And before you know it, a lust will rise into a young man until our young sister won't attract you anymore. You will begin to be attracted by women of the world. And you wonder where did you get that spirit? It came from what we call Pentecostal music. I was coming with my wife on the road and I told her I say all the sacredness Pentecost remove it. When you come to preach, we used to dress nice. You dress with a tie as a responsible young man. When you come to play the instrument, you look responsible. But now they got groups that came up where you can preach like you going to Walmart. I mean I mean I mean a pastor is preaching with uh sport clothes with a t-shirt. So all the sacredness has been removed. And if it's a Christian concert, guess what? This one is coming with shirt. I mean which which style is it of you wearing a I mean uh I mean I mean a shirt and it have to be unbutton when we grew up that was a a ghetto we knew that if we see you with shirt please listen to me if you struggling with the world don't come here to sin don't even play any instrument here don't even come here with a I mean I mean I mean any type of style that you saw on uh on uh on YouTube and whatever and you rep because before you know it you begin to get used to it and you begin to copy after and you think we don't know we've seized that we just sit and looking around you we know somebody's already struggling my friend it is time to go there is a clear difference between the bride and denomination even when you want to pick up a song put the song through the filter It's a shame you I mean you look it it's very a you look at what message believer are dancing and you listen to the content of the music they dancing you ask them you say is this a message believer really because you don't even pay attention to what they're singing what are they singing that is connected to Jesus Christ what are they singing that is reflecting the message of brother Brham Amen Amen. Amen. It start like a little game. On the clip, on the clip, on the clip, on the clip. Before you know it, they're normal. Before you know it, you get caught into it. Before you know it, you begin to dress like them. Before you know it, you begin to act like them. And when we coming down on that, you're like, "What have I done?" Of course, you just drifted away. Amen. And because we love you, we won't let you go. That's right. We will come and strike the devil and pull you back up again. Amen. Amen. Young people, watch the music you are listening to. What type of music is only um I mean put accent in dancing all the time is just joy, joy, joy, joy, joy. Come on. What's wrong with you? Amen. Amen. You listen to the beat. Right. Right. What kind of music you start listening to it and you begin to go back on. You need to stop and say what? Because the beat is the one doing that. It's saying Jesus Christ, but the beat is the one making you shake. But what is that kind of beat that make you shake? And before, oh no, it's a Christian. So it says a devil in disguise. Amen. Amen. I already have a reputation of being tough. So it's no more a problem. I'm already have a dire reputation. Song leader tighten up. Amen. No world because brother Brandham say Hollywood got into the church through musician. Do you want me to send you the quote? Do you want me to send you the quote? Brother Brandham say he got into the church through musician through talented men. We're not here reproducing uh whatever it is. We're here to worship Jesus Christ. If my st if our stand which is the message of the hour is too tough, sit down. But if you sit, remember you part of the local body. We're still watching you. You didn't get anywhere. Even when you sit, we still after you until you leave the church. Then we will pray for you. H but if you part of the church you cannot do any kind because remember the sin of achen block I already sent you the quote come on man the sin of achen block the healing of somebody we got people here we've been praying for and they don't get healed who knows if it's your behavior no no this is my private life there is no private life in the brother amen only can have private life. There is no private life in the brother. We are watching one another because at the end of the day, we all will go into the rapture and live forever. If you go into the rapture, I'm going to the rapture. So, you will never be separated from me. We will always be together because we came from the same father. So, we watching one another. Please, the Holy Spirit cannot speak on Sunday like this and come back again on Wednesday and begin to clarify. You who are talking, oh no, he's a young man, he's so cute, whatever. If it's against the word, brother, brother, I'm even say if you have a question, don't do it. What would this be? Uh, I'm not sure if what we're trying to do is just stop right there. Get out because it's a warning from God. Amen. Amen. Cling onto the word. That's it. Even you don't understand it, obey the word. Believe the word. Brother said it because later on that little termite, that's what you use. That little termite that you see going slowly, before you know it, you're going to find out you have a house full of it. And now you wonder why. What is going on? Watch the music you are listening to. Watch the demon that you're struggling. God brought that here tonight. I have depression. I have this this. Watch the beat that is going on. Watch what you put in your ear. Watch what you watching on YouTube because YouTube got everything. Whatever you want to learn, it's on YouTube. So crazy. And almost everybody got a cell phone. Please. God has spoken once. He's spoken twice again. Amen. Remove all the junk, every thought that exalted itself above the knowledge of Christ. In other words, you are judging that by the knowledge of God. Take it, cast it down. Amen. Amen. Let's go back again. Let's zeroed in. Brother Solomon, that was a wonderful sermon. It is God talking. Amen. Young sister, take your clothing. Put that to the filters. Take your shoes. Put that through the thinking. We need to go home. Amen. We need to go home. Amen. You cannot change your hairstyle with every hairstyle that is coming up. I'm sorry. I have to say what I have to say. Amen. You I I mean you you you you watch message young people with hair like they have not uh combed their hair for so many days and some of them are in the instrument. They're playing in the church. I said please put that man down. I mean cut your hair nice. They came up with a style. You need to leave your beard like that. Then tomorrow when they shave the beard what are you going to do? And then you go ahead and you start shaving. No. If you have a style that you leave your beard, stay like that. So we know you that's the way you are. If you shave, shave, stay like that. But don't go with the move. Today is this. You change. Tomorrow you change. Tomorrow you change. How many style are you going to change? Amen. Amen. How can a hair that look kinky and whatever you call it for a man and you leave it like that and a woman say it's cute. Something is wrong. You need to look like a clean gentleman. I seen a message believer with jeans that are torn and they posting it. Married. What is wrong? Where are we going? Where are we going? There is a difference between the bride and Jesus Christ. God gave you the power to destroy that thing. Cut it off. Throw it away. If it's a little child or I I don't know how innocent it is, kill it. Because if it grows, it's going to be a bigger problem to solve than when it's little. Are we together? Watch your friend. How many friends do you have? I'm a doctor. I have colleague, I have no friend. I'm going to repeat it again. I'm a doctor. I have colleague. I have no friend because I know if I get among with friendship, I know where they hang out. As doctors, they hang out in night I mean I mean in downtown and stuff. I cannot hang out there. So I have to stay separated and we keep relationship between treating people. That's it. My friend are the people of the church. So what type of friend do you want? What type of friend do you want? Amen. We look at your friend. They have uh uh dresses and all kind of stuff. I will wonder because brother Brandham say I wonder watch who you hang out with. It tells me what the spirit brother Brandham say you cannot take two dog and one with a flea and you expect the other one to be clean. Before you know it, this is what you heard tonight. a spirit upon somebody and it's going to pick you up. Amen. Amen. Amen. Stay with the word. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight. Father, thanking you for your grace, your love, your mercy, and father destroying again this thing that were trying to attack this church left and right. Lord entering through young people. Father, we thank you for watching over us and we thank you for watching over our young people because if it was not for grace, we don't know where we would go be. But your grace have provided the word that is coming wave after wave destroying the devil completely until the whole thing has been rooted out. Lord, Father, I claim the blood upon the church and I commit each one of us unto thy hand and brother Solomon for the sacrifice. Lord, may you bless him. May Lord, Father, you strengthen him. Lord, we rebuke every spirit of worldliness, every spirit of denomination, every influence that came from a uh a so-called contemporary gospel music that affect the life of the young one. We rebuke that back to hell in the name of Jesus Christ. Every spirit of resentment, I rebuke it in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, may your children be totally free. Lord, may you protect us and give us travel mercy. Father, if that Terry to come, may we meet again to fellowship around the things of the kingdom. We thank you and commit it all unto the hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure. All of my days are held in your hand, grafted into your perfect land. gently call me into your presence guiding me by your spirit. Teach me Lord to be more comp. [Music] I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself, Lord, I pray. [Music] Take me, take me, hold me, use me. [Music] I give my life to the pro. You guide me and lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the father's name. [Music] You shall call me into your presence, guiding me by your spirit. Teach me dear Lord to me all my life through your eyes. I'm captured. I'm captured by your holy glory. Send me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself and lead me Lord I pray me. Use me and fill me. I give my life to the water. [Applause] Holy. You guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the water. Take me and take me for me. Use me. Fill me. I give my life to the father. You guide me and walk beside me. I give my life to the pro [Laughter] [Applause] me. Use me. Fill me. I give my life to the water. You guide me and lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the blood. One more time. Take me. Use me. Fill me. I give my life to the pot. Holy, you guide me. Lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to you. the water. One more time. Take me and hold me. You speak me. I give my life to the
