################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - The Chosen Ones, Part 3 - Bro Tony Allen - Tony Allen.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   The Chosen Ones, Part 3 - Bro Tony Allen
Speaker: Tony Allen
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wIZcmruD3rQ
========================================

persist and have faith in God. Little Micah in the presence of all them 400 trained prophets were persistent when he had a vision from God. Though they he was contrary, they met him and told him, "Now we'll put you back in the association if you say the same thing you they say." He said, "As the Lord lives, I'll only say what he tells me to say." And his vision was examined with the word of God. And he pronounced this prophecy no matter what. They said with throw him into the inner cells and give him sorrow, bread of sorrow and waters of sorrow. And when they come back, he said he'd deal with you. Ahab did. He said, "If you come back at all, God hasn't spoke to me." He was persistent. He knew where he was standing. The blind man that had been healed by Jesus could not argue their theology. They said, "Who opens your eyes?" He said, "A man called Jesus of Nazareth." He said, "This man's a sinner. We know which he come from. Now he gave them a good answer. He said, "You are the religious leaders of this day. And this man has given me my sight and yet you don't know where he come from." He had a pretty good theology of his own. He could not argue with them, but he knowed one thing. He could see and he wasn't ashamed. His father and mother was ashamed to say something about it, but not him. He had seen it. He had felt it. He had the results of it. Something had told him, and he was persistent. Philip as soon as he seen last night's lesson what that when come up in the presence of Jesus Christ when he saw Simon's son or Andrew's f um brother Phil Peter come up in the presence which was Simon then come in the presence of Jesus Simon had been taught as a child that Messiah would be a prophet when he walked into his presence and he told him your name is Simon and you are the son of Jonas he was persistent he was ready then become the head of the church. When Philip saw it, he knowed another good Bible reader that knowed the truth. He was persistent. He went around the mountain and got him. And when Nathaniel come, a man of renown, a real Hebrew indeed, a man staunched Hebrew, real fine man, fine integrity. He was a great man. But in the presence of his priest and presence of every one of them, when Jesus looked upon him and said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there's no God," he said, "Rabbi, how did you know me? I've never seen you before. How did you know who I was?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree, I saw you." He fell at his feet and said, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. Thou art the king of Israel." Why? He was persistent regardless what anybody else thought. He had met the thing he had read about. What he had expected to find in Jesus. He had found a little prostitute woman come out the well one day to get water. There said Jesus, an ordinary man dressed in ordinary clothes, eating ordinary food, talking ordinary language. Just common street language like anyone else talking. And she spoke to him. He spoke to her. He found where her fault was. He said, "Go get your husband and come here." She said, "I have no husband." Said, "You said 12. We've had five and the one you're living with now is not yours. quickly. That predestinated seed in her heart struck life. When it has struck the Pharisees, it just turned the whole thing black. They said, "This man's beubb. He's a fortune teller." But she knew the word was sharper, more powerful than a two-edged sword and a desert of the thoughts of the heart. She said, "Sir, what [Music] [Music] God bless you. Amen. Praise God. Can we be upstanding tonight? Amen. Even as we worship the Lord. Amen. We just want [Music] to come before the Lord with our opening prayer. Amen. And we just together, Amen. Ask the Lord to take prereeminence tonight. and also asking that he lead those on their way coming that we together in one spirit in one accord shall lift up his name on high once again let us pray father in the name of Jesus we are so grateful Lord we just want to thank you God father for everything you've been doing our lives Lord we just want to thank you God for your goodness for your mercies Lord Jesus oh God father you've been wonderful to us oh God you've been good to us Lord And we just want to express our joy to God. Once again, we just want to express our thanksgiving, our appreciation. Oh God, we bless your name. We give you all the glory, Lord. Father, we humbly ask, Lord, if there be any hindrance in our life, there be anything, oh God, that we did, oh God, Father, that is not supposed to be done, oh God, any unrighteous act, Lord, in our lives, Lord, we ask for your forgiveness, Lord. We ask Lord Jesus oh God for your mercy oh God upon us Lord even as we seek your face tonight Lord. We ask Lord may you take prereminence may you take absolute control of us Lord our singing Lord Jesus oh God even as the word comes Lord we ask Lord may you take your servant aside Lord and speak through him Lord. Father, there's on your way coming in your pray in your in your hands, Lord. We ask, Lord, may you lead them safely, God, to your presence tonight, Lord. May you take absolute control, God. Be with them on the road even as they drive, Lord Jesus. God, we thank you, Lord, and we bless you. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. I believe we are all happy to be in the presence of the Lord once again. Amen. And we just want to worship him tonight because he deserves the glory. Amen. Amen. Take the song. You deserve the glory. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Oh, lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. Oh, you deserve gloryy and Lord lies in worship as we bless your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles or there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you are. You do so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one [Music] else in the honor. Lord will lift my hands in worship as you bless your holy name. Oh my god in worship as we bless you. Oh you are the great you so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you for you are. You do males. There is no one else like you. There is for you are great. For you are beautiful. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. There is no you are good. One more time. For you are great. You do mirales so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do males so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. [Music] We long to worship [Music] you. Oh, we long to worship. [Music] We want to worship you and you Oh worship. [Music] Oh worship. [Music] [Applause] Oh, how we long to worship you, Lord. We come, oh, we come to you in worship. No matter what the [Music] circumstance, no matter what the [Music] situation, we will live our holy. [Music] Oh, we [Music] toship. Oh, I want to worship. [Music] [Applause] Oh to [Music] worship. Oh last night. [Music] [Music] Oh, we all worship [Music] [Music] We long to worship [Music] you and love him. How we long to worship you will along and love. [Music] Never hear how we are to worship you. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We just want to take this song. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Amen. We want to greet each other and say, "We see a cloud like a man's hand." Amen. Oh, I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like amazing. Oh, I see a cloud like [Applause] a rain. Do we say tonight amen? I see a bow like a mercy. Oh, I see a bow like [Music] a bow like [Music] a one more time. Oh, and I see a bow like a bow like a Oh, I see it like a mess. And I know it's not real. When the time when it was right the cloud up in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. So they went to God's man cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Go look in the sky." Oh, I see. I see a cloud like a rain. I see a cloud like a baby. I see a rock and I know it's just we now the bride is looking above for a charity rain of love to be the heart with never lose and bright mystery the promised world has already been Oh, I see a cloud. I see a rain. I see a cloud like I see a cloud like [Music] I know. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a message. I see a lot of amazing. I see a lot of amazing and I know it's got away. Amen. And amen. Yes, sir. Amen. We take when I see the blood. Amen. I'll pass over you. Amen. Oh Christ our redeemer died on the cross died for the sin all you sprinkle your soul in the blood of the lamb in our cast when I see the light. Oh, when I Oh, see the blood. When I see the [Music] blood of sus of s Jesus, oh, he has brought me wash and found me. Oh for s. Oh I will see the blood. Oh see the blood. Hallelujah. Oh, I will pass. I will pass away. Judgment is coming. Judgement is coming. All will be there. Is receiving just hiding the saving sing. [Music] Oh, when I when I see the blood, when I Oh, see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, great compassion. Oh, great compassion. Oh, God's love. full loving, kind, faithful and true. I peace and [Music] shelter and I [Music] will see the [Music] blood. See the blood. See the blood. One more time. Oh, when [Music] I see the blood when I see the blood when I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. And it's all over me. And it's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is all over me. And he's keeping me alive. Jesus is all over me. Oh, it is all over me. And he's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive. He's following me and he's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. He is deep down in my soul and he's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. My soul is keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. He's the Holy Ghost. He is the Holy Ghost fire is keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Holy Ghost fire is keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping alive. Oh, the devil doesn't like it, but he's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. The devil doesn't like it, but he's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me [Music] alive. He's keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. keeping me alive in the body of keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive in the fullness of the world and he's keeping me alive. Keep me alive. Keeping me alive. He's the fullness of the world and he's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. He's the blood of the keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. He's the blood of the keeping me alive. Jesus with everything. It is the blood. It is the blood of the ghost and is keeping me alive. keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. It is a God of the God and he's keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping it is keeping my soul. It is deep in my soul and keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. Keeping me alive. He is deep down in my soul and he's keeping me alive. Jesus is the Holy Ghost of God. Oh, the Holy Ghost and fire and keeping me alive. Keeping me alive, keeping me alive. The Holy Ghost fire and keeping me alive. Jesus is keeping me alive. [Music] We all get to him. What a day [Music] of seeing Jesus and get to him. What a day of blessing that will be. When we see Jesus and see the wonders and sing the [Music] wonder and his grace in the I am blessed. Oh, we are [Music] to sing when we see Jesus. We sing and shout. One more time. [Music] Oh, get to him. For the day of rejoicing that will [Music] be [Music] all day when we all see Jesus. Sing and shout the victory. [Music] And if you want to know where I am going, where I'm going, where I am going soon. [Music] Anybody ask you? Anybody ask you where I am going? Where I will be? Where I am going. [Music] I'm going up. Going up. Oh, we are [Music] see Oh, I'm stronger. Oh, I'm stronger. Oh, it be stronger to be with my Lord. I can take the pain. I can take the pain. I can take the pain. Oh, [Music] free in the wind. I'm sorry. [Music] me until I see [Music] Make me [Music] [Music] your lucky. [Music] Oh, the [Applause] [Music] other glory. Glory and glory. Going around to be with [Music] my we going in the rapure [Music] going in to be with you. We're going in. We're going in. We're going in to be with my [Music] Lord. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We got more songs to sing. Amen. But they come as specials. Amen. So, we just want to um just sit down for a minute. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um I don't have any prayer requests tonight. Amen. But we just want to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. Amen. I believe we have unspoken requests tonight. Amen. We we want to ask brother Michael Mark Amen um to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. And uh bring before the Lord any prayer request. I before my remark uh I think sister divine has a testimony right. Yes sir. So invite sister divine. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Forgive me. I'm so tired. Um, but I did want to give this quick testimony. Um, just to I guess encourage somebody or um I don't know. I guess God knows. But um so it's a small testimony. Um this I think it was Mother's Day weekend or Mother's Day week. Um I'm currently new at this school that I'm working. Um and so the same week of Mother's Day was also teach teacher appreciation week. Um but I haven't worked there enough. So I didn't expect like gifts, you know, from parents and stuff like that. I was only there for like a month. But I saw that, you know, all the little ones, you know, like they loved me. So I knew something was coming. But um so that same week we had to do like a um a gift for the mothers since Mother's Day was coming up that same um Sunday. And like we were missing a supply in the school. So I was just thinking, okay, maybe because because you know we're missing the supplies, let me just maybe run to Walmart during break and just grab the supply. But at the same time, I was kind of like fighting myself. I'm like I feel like if I buy the supply for the school, it's going to kind of be like a habit type of thing. And I was like I was like the supply was only like $8, but I'm like should I just I was like I it just didn't feel right for me to buy the supply and then bring it back to the principal and be like hey I bought this for the students for I was like let me just I was like guys guys guys are gentlemen it's it's it's just $8. You know I'm not going to worry too much about it. But um in the same time you know after I got the supplies I was just know looking at house stuff because you know we're renovating our house. So I was just, you know, walking around and then later on I came back to the school and then that same day um it was a Friday. I remember um one of the parents um gifted me um the same a Walmart gift card. So the things was like $8, but the Walmart gift card that she gifted me was $75 Walmart gift card. And I was just like, "Oh my goodness, look at God." Like I just literally just spent $8. I didn't really I just knew in my spirit God was just like, "Just do it. Just do it." And I was kind of like fighting myself. I was like, "You don't really have to do it. They got money in the school, you know." But um but I just wanted to give that to us just just to show how sometimes God is such a gentleman and sometimes it's so important for us just for us just to do the right thing, you know, and God's going to pay us back. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Micah has a testimony. Amen. Brother Micah daily. Then after that, Brother Michael pray. Amen. Thank the Lord. Amen. Uh he's real, isn't he? He's a on time god. It says, "I will declare his name in the in the congregation of the gods." That's what the psalm said. Well, um Monday I I picked up my load and um I stopped at the fuel stop, got me a coffee and a donut or whatever, told my wife and um uh paid for it and I got to my destination which was in Grier and I got out the truck and I unstrapped my load and getting ready and I put my hand like this and I always carry my my wallet in whichever pocket I pants I have right here. So I touched myself and no wallet. So you know you got all your pertinent things in the wallet and I says but you know when you put God first I think God wants us to put him first. So without thinking of anything I said Lord let me find my wallet. So I looked in the truck and I don't see it in the truck and I I looked outside on the floor and I said well well that was the last place I had it and I got into the truck so where could it be? So I called my wife and said, "Look like the the wallet fell out my pocket." Which it did. So I was coming out the truck again and I looked down and it fell right into the pocket of the door. So I just want to give him praise. It could have fell out anywhere else, you know. So I give him praise. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We just bless the Lord for this testimony. Amen. And and just to add a little testimony is not a little one, but while on our way coming, my my wife was feeling some pressure in her head. Amen. And she just said, "I rebuke this." And instantly it just went off like it was magic. So we just want to thank the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Michael March. Amen. Amen. After that, we have Sister Lely, Sister Yok. Amen. Invite the minister to pop. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Happy. Yes. All right. Amen. This is the best place to be. Yeah. To be happy. And there's a little song which is saying that if you're happy and you know Yeah. Please show it. Okay. All right. Okay. Let us pray. Yes sir. Dear heavenly father, we thank you for this opportunity to come to your house to meet with your children and to meet with you. Lord, thank you Lord for the good things you've been doing to us. Oh father, now we understand the purposes of God, the purposes of humanity, the time and the season. Oh Lord, in that way we are settled. Oh God, we are at peace all the time knowing that God will take care of it. If it is not the season, the season will come. Oh Lord, thank you Lord for that kind of enlightenment and the anointing that goes behind such words. Oh God, Lord, what a time to live. Oh Lord, the prophet was asked and he said I would want to live in this age. Oh God, where everything has been made manifest and he say you according to Thessalonians 5:4 that you are not the children of darkness that this will take you unaware. We are seeing everything going on before us. Oh God, it's just like a repeated movie. Thank you Lord for sending us a prophet. Thank you Lord. Thank you for the message that we love, Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you for the testimonies that have been given here. Thank you for Sister Divine and sister brother Michael. Oh Lord, there's no little testimony. There's a preacher who said God cares about our little things. Oh God, that really encouraged me one time, Father, because we can rely on you on small things and on big things, oh God. Lord, there are many needs in in the hearts of your children here. Lord, take care of it. Those who are here and those who are online, oh father, bless us now as we prepare to receive the preacher, Father, may you prepare him, oh God, take him out of the way as you have always done, oh Father, and may you speak to us, Father. Father, take take the tithes and and offerings, oh God. May we use them for the benefit of the gospel. Father, at the end of the day, and the end of this evening, let us go home ready to serve you again, oh God. Thank you, Lord Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And we invite sister Lily. Amen. After that, we invite Sister Yok. Amen. [Music] You're the same God today and the same God tomorrow. Help me see the victory you already see. Let my faith be today. But it will be tomorrow when I've seen the victory that you already see. Oh Jesus, I believe. Oh, we need a miracle. You are the miracle maker, not of the impossible. There is no power greater exceeding abundance beyond what we can ask or think. We call on your name Jesus. [Music] Oh, by the power of your name and all for your glory. Sign my soul is filled. The battle has been won. On your promise I stand. And in faith I believe it. that what I pray in your name, it's already done. Oh, let your will be done. [Applause] Oh, we need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker, God of the impossible. There is no power of greater exceeding abundance beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name, Jesus. [Music] [Music] Oh, and in the waiting you get the glory. And in the waiting you get the [Music] glory. In the breaking you get the glory. [Music] In the breakthrough, you get the glory. In the waiting, you get the [Music] glory. In the healing, you get the glory. In the raining, you get the glory. In the praise, you get the glory. You get the glory. You get the [Music] glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. Oh, you get the glory. Oh, we need a miracle. You are the miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power of greater exceeding abundance beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name. We need We need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker, God of the impossible. There is There is no power gater, exceeding, abundant, beyond what we can ask or think. We call on your name. Wait a miracle. We need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker. God of the impossible there is. There is no power greater exceeding abundance beyond what we could ask or see. We call on your name. [Music] [Music] Jesus. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. We invite sister bed. Amen. When I get carried away. Amen. Amen. I I believe we can join and sing this song. Amen. 5. [Music] Oh, I'm going to let the glory roll and the road is cold in glory. I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life where the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let glory rolling glory. Oh, I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the day. I'm going to have my life with the time of my life before. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried [Music] away. Well, I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why I never can't shout. A love that floods my soul. I must confess I can't express the feelings deep inside me. But the things I know and cannot show. One day will allow. I'm going to let the glory open. I'm going to get beside myself. I'm going to have a time of my life when I'm laughing forward. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'll pass the clouds and I'll shout so loud and pray like thunder. My tearful eyes will fill the skies until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, the gates will fall and stand before my savior. I let my soul let the glory rolling from the roar he calls my name. I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that I'm going to have time when all my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Yeah. I'm going to let the glory roll when the rolling calling glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried [Music] [Music] away, I'm going to have time when I feel over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried in the morning, glory rolling glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king. I'm going to have the time of my life. My life is over. I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. Carried away. when I get carried [Music] away. Amen. We're going to take a cross again. Amen. And if I receive it to Amen. I'm going to let the glory roll when the rose in glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have a time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, when the road is going, I'm going to get beside myself that day. I'm going to have a time of my life where the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll with the rolling golden glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the Jes. I'm going to have a life without. I'm going to get carried away. when I get carried. Well, I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why. I never can shout about the love that my soul. I must confess. I can't express the feelings deep inside me. But the things I know and cannot show. One day we'll overflow. I'm going to let the glory rolling. Oh yes. I want to get beside myself when I get beside my Jesus. Yeah. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get beside myself. When I get beside my [Music] Jesus, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, [Applause] Brother John, what do you do to the musician? Praise God. And I have been called to stop the music when the music is so good. Praise God. Yes. Go ahead. Yes sir. Go ahead. So um this afternoon as I messaged brother said that I wanted to sing this song. Uh he told me to make a recording for the key. So, I was in the car driving on the way home and I started singing and I'm rejoicing and singing and I'm coming onto the 85 and there are two vehicles in front of me and they're merging but they came to an abrupt stop and right as I said the time of my life is over. I was about to ram straight into the back of a car. I say a devil. And brother Stephen, I said, "Lord, I know I'm rejoicing and I'm singing this song, but if my life was over at this moment, I knew exactly where I was going. But I just want to say thank God for sparing my life today." And remember one thing, no devil can take you until the purpose of God is fulfilled in your life. Amen. Brother John, do you have a space we can squeeze those two songs on Sunday? Absolutely. Sister Lily too. The same way, same anointing. Amen. Amen. So, Sister Lily on Sunday and then Sister Yokabed. The problem is I will be on the back there and I won't have the time to really enjoy it the way I wanted to enjoy. Wonderful. This is This is just You don't know. It's just only heaven will tell. Amen. What a presence of God. Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. Yeah. Let's keep these two song for Sunday. So Sunday we will pick up Mama Zeb. [Laughter] The Holy Spirit knew where he stopped me because as soon as I get home, usually when I preach, I have to sit home and listen to the whole sermon over again. When I begin to listen to the whole sermon, he open it up again. And I was like, "My God, now we got to dig a little bit." I mean, pray for me. So, come on Sunday. Make sure you sleep good. Make sure you sleep good. You stay up there. So let's get the let let's really get the we only get when your prayer and the will of God are matching. Then the second one when they're mixing. Now let's get the other one and you see the Lord. Let's go deep into this thing. You will see how the Lord is releasing all our anxiety. Amen. God is a miraculous God and God is able. Amen. It's just a matter of time, a matter of season and a matter of purpose. Amen. When it's matching, there is no devil. No devil. No devil, my friend. And I will show you when is when if you can do good on Sunday, then we will get into Ezek Hezekiah because I have you got sermon that are lining up on traffic jam right now. Have I say something wrong? Yeah. You got you got Jesus. Then we get to Paul and Hezekiah then we go back and then uh after Paul and after Paul and Hezekiah you got to get what do you do in season and out of season. Then after that we begin to climb to the blood in the under the altar. Then under the altar then we go back again and begin to get the book of remembrance. After the book of remembrance we keep climbing until we come out of pifa house then we move down there. So there is a traffic on the road. It's this word is so I don't know this message is something. Amen. Amen. Just just people talking messages are breaking up. Brother Michael was saying something. He didn't know even what he's saying. B. And you saw me tapping over there because when he comes I have to tap it quickly so that I can go home and pull the quote. He's reminding me a quote or something. He didn't even know what he's saying. So God is with us. God is with us. It's unbelievable, but God is with us. Thank you very much everybody that could make it to the funeral of Sister Pam. God richly bless you. All the support from the food, from the phone call, your presence being there. I know some could not make it on Monday, but I know throughout the week you were there on Sunday, on Saturday. Whatever you did for our sister, it showed really that we are a true family. We are together and God richly bless you and sister Pam, God bless you and continue to comfort you. But I know one thing, that man is in the right place. And I believe God pull to give you a peace that Sunday. Amen. But God knows exactly that man is in the right place and we on Sunday that was Sunday when he when we exhort a little bit on Sunday for those that were there God that boy is in peace. So God knew exactly his purpose was finished and and I said sister Pam he say that was a real father and brother Brandham say a father is one of God's purpose. He fulfilled it. He went home, fixed everything and straight into the arm of the master. You are sure, guarantee you're going to see him. Amen. This is what we want. So, we greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Both visible and invisible audience continue to pray for her because usually when everybody's gone, you get you begin to get lonely. That's when things and thoughts and memories begin to come. But God know exactly that sister Pam can take it and God will give her the appropriate strength for it. Amen. Any family member here, God richly bless you and welcome to our convention tonight. And I believe we clear with Mama Zebedee now, right? Right. You see how God is gracious? They came asking for one thing and God open up other things that she was not away and guarantee her children to receive the Holy Spirit. Amen. So even when we come wrong, let me leave it. We see you on Sunday. Let's see you on Sunday, my friend. Okay. Let's see you on Sunday. I am now preaching. The anointing is already here. Brother Tony Allen will be preaching tonight. You know brother Tony I told him you home so you preach like home. Let's go with only believe please. [Music] Oh, believe. Oh, [Music] believe all things are possible. [Music] Oh, believe all. All things are possible. [Music] only be Lord. I believe Lord I believe. Lord, I [Music] believe I [Music] Lord, I believe all things. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things [Music] are Jesus is here. Come on, give him the Lord a great hand. Clap of praise. You know, I was thinking on the thoughts of a believer and and you know, a believer don't have no choice but to believe. That's all we know how to do is believe. And and and they say this, they say that, but we we believe because we know what God says. And this this song has been on my heart because and I heard testimony after testimony and the world don't they don't know what we're experiencing here as a believer and they can only go off a man's word you know whatever a man says and and and that's why they always have that talk they say but we say God say and and we believe in every word that that he says so y'all I'm just going to sing a little bit of this song if you want to stand you can if you if you want to see it it's fine [Music] But this is this is for anyone who have a mountain before them that the enemy has tricked them that it can't be moved. And we just want to encourage you tonight. [Music] And the song says, "They say this mountain can be moved. They say these chains will never break. But they don't know you like we do. There is power in your name. We heard that there is no way through. We heard the tide will never change. They haven't seen what you can do. There is power in your name. So much power in your name. Move the immovable above. Grace unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe forever of the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe forever. Yeah, we know that hope is never lost. [Music] For there is still a filthy grave. [Music] And we believe no matter what there is power in your name. So much power in your name. Come on, lift your voice [Music] tonight. Break the unbreakable. How do we believe? We believe. How do we believe? We believe from the impossible. The impossible. [Music] God, we believe we believe. And we believe forever. Come on, put your hands [Music] together. You are the way. When there seems to be no way, we trust in you cuz you have the final say. You are the way when there seems to be no way. We trust in you cuz you have found us. Move the move. Praise the unbreakable God we believe. God we believe for it on the impossible will see a miracle. God we believe we believe forever immovable. Break the unbreakable. Now we believe. God we believe forever from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. God we believe. God we believe forever. [Applause] [Music] You say I believe you [Music] said you said and I believe you He is there. Can you help me say I believe it. I believe you say to your word. You say it is done. You say I believe it. I believe it. You say I was right and I'm healed. You say I am healed. Just because you said just because you said it. I'm going to stand by your word. You say, "Oh, I believe." Oh yeah. You said [Music] and you said it. I believe it. You said it. And it is done. You say I believe. You say Come on, give him praise tonight. Come on, give him praise tonight. Come on, give him praise tonight. We believeing on every word that he said and then just because he said it, we believe every promise tonight. We are resting on this word tonight. We are leaning on this word tonight. And as a believer, that's what we believe tonight. It is done. Whatever you need tonight, it is done. I believe it. You said it in your word. [Music] Oh yeah. Come on, put your hands together. Oh, he's here. He's here. That'll be all musicians. He said it. And as a believer, I have no choice. I have no choice but to believe. That's the way he built me. To believe. Even if I try not to believe, it wouldn't work. Yes, sir. Cuz I'm a believer. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Lord, help us tonight. Greetings from my family. They're not here tonight, but they're in the visible audience. Um, due to some circumstances, they had to take care of some things on that end, and they wanted to be here tonight, but you know, they they're online in love. They're listening. So, they're they're they're in agreeance with the Holy Spirit. So, so y'all pray for them. If you don't mind, get your Bibles. Let's go to the word. Um, you know, sometimes I I like I say, I fight back through song. You know, you have to you have to use whatever you can use. And and and and when when you when you find out what works, [Applause] you stay right there. You stay right there. And and you know, everybody has a gift. And and and some people have a gift of praying. Some people have a gift for singing or playing music, but whatever you find what works. You stay right there. Stay right there. Yes, sir. For the book of Matthew, chapter 22:14. And I I tried to move on from this, but the Holy Spirit say, "Stay right there. Stay right there. So, he got he got more he want to say. Um, and the scripture says, "For many are called, but few are chosen." And if you don't mind, go to the book of Matthew, the 11th chapter, verse 28. We're going to start at verse 28. Amen. And it reads, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." That's right. And he says, "Take my yoke upon you, and learn of me, for I am meek and lowly in heart, and you shall find rest unto your souls." That's right. Verse 30 say, "For my yoke is easy and my burden is light." Amen. Let us pray. Dear heavenly father, oh God, we have did what you asked us to do, oh God, we have assembled ourselves together, oh God, in believing and touching and agreeing, oh father, that the Holy Spirit in the midst, oh God, will come down and speak to us tonight, oh Father. Lord God, we depending on you tonight, oh God, and we're leaning on you, God, for all understanding, oh God, for your knowledge and your wisdom, oh Father, we pray that you will move me out of the way, oh God, and open up the scriptures, oh God, oh God, and speak to your bride, oh God, tonight, oh father, in the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. You don't mind, you can be seated. So my title tonight, of course, would be the chosen ones, part three. And we will be we will be dealing with favor and the promise of rest in the Holy Ghost. Favor and the promise of rest in the Holy Ghost. If you go back to the book of Genesis in the beginning, you know, where everything was at peace and and we was at rest, you know, Adam didn't have to do anything. You know, he he all he had to do was just rest, right? and and and God God would even when it came down to naming the animals or whatnot, God brought them to him. If you read the scripture, God brought them to him. So, Adam didn't even have to do anything but rest. And and when he made Eve, he brought Eve to him. Adam was in a resting state. That's right. And and he and and and that's what I want to deal with tonight is is is favor with God. and that promised rest that he promised us. So if we possess the Holy Ghost and we know that the Holy Ghost is eternal and and and brother Brenham was talking about in the let me go ahead and read this this quote. This is this is a quote I've been reading and I've been holding on to this one and it question and answering page 123. He said before there was a world you were in God's thoughts to give you the Holy Ghost because he knew that you be wanting it. So the reason that you are wanting the Holy Ghost tonight brother because that's where you come from. You came from God. You go back to God. So that desire to receive the Holy Ghost is nothing but the attributes of where you came from. So you you came from God, so you have no choice but to want and desire that Holy Ghost. And he says he knew that you would be wanting it. And he chose you himself before you desired. That's right. Amen. So right there, I'm finding out that we already had favor with God. So So fa favor is not something that I developed when I got here. Come on. Come on. The Holy Ghost is not a gift that I had to work for when I got here. It was I was already entitled to that cuz that's where I came from. I already had the Holy Ghost. I already had favor with God. I already had joy. I already had peace. I already had happiness. So, I already had rest. I was already in a resting place from the foundation of the world. And that's what I want you to get to understand tonight. You and I were already resting before the foundation of the world. And he says, "Yes, my brother." And he sent Jesus to die to prepare the way That's right. to send the Holy Ghost. To bring you to himself. H Oh, that just I know this is the church, he says. So, I'm at home now. You see, oh, that is so rich to me to think it's not what I wanted. It It wasn't my desire. It wasn't my will. It wasn't my choosing. I had not one thing to do with it. He said, "But before the world ever started, God saw us and he put our name on the lamb's book of life. Before there even was a world talk about God." So my my my problem is tonight, why aren't we resting? [Applause] Why are Christians, we true believers of God, why are we not resting? Amen. We come from rest. Rest is already inside of us. And why why we're not rested tonight as true believers? There should be not nothing going on in this world that should pull us out of that rest. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. In the message, God keeps his word. Yes, sir. No, I'm sorry. Let's Let's move up a little bit. In the message, what was the Holy Ghost given for? What was the Holy Ghost given for? 1959 paragraph 139 and brother Brennan says and then again he says you may be full of the Holy Ghost. Amen. He said I hope you are. He said if you're not I hope you get full. And he says and if you're full of the Holy Ghost and he asked a question what you got? He says you got power. You got love. You got peace. That's right. He said, "My peace I give unto you." Not as the world giveth thy you. He says, "You got peace. You are sealed. You got a sign." Amen. He says, "You got rest." He say you got joy. That's right. Unspeakable and full of glory. That's right. He said you are anchored. Then he says, "Oh my, that's what you are with the Holy Ghost. If you got full of the Holy Ghost, you have passed from death unto life, waiting for the general resurrection in the last day. So why we're not resting. And in the message, God keeps his word. 1957, paragraph 213. Yes, sir. He says, that's the word of God. He said, dare I rest. He said, "Not on whether I jumped or whether I shouted, whether I spoke with tongues, whether I had the oil in my hands or whether I preached or what I doing." He said, "I'm resting on that promise." He said, "Satan can beat me around the stump on my feelings." He said, "But he but he can't." He said, "But he can't on the word cuz it's thus said the Lord." That's where Jesus defeated the devil right there. He said, "It is written, man should not live by bread alone." He said, "Stay with the word." That's right. And and and I and I was thinking about how how it's so easy for us to take a man's word. Right. And and and I get and if I was to ask each one of y'all tonight, you you could probably name one or two people that you believe in that that if they came to you and told you they going to do something, you would go to sleep sleeping good cuz you you had developed a relationship with that person and you know this person never lied to you and and and you got trust in his words. The only thing you can trust is his words for the next time that he going to do what he say he going to do. So my my thing is we can take a man's word and rest off of it. What about the word of God? What about the words that are written in this book right here? We should be resting on every promise in the book. We should be resting on every word in the book. Why? Because God said it. And that should put us in the rest and we should be at peace. Amen. Amen. Turn to Psalms 55. Yes, sir. That's it. Psalms 55. verse 22 and you get it. Just say amen. Amen. Psalms 55 verse 22. And the scripture says in Psalms Uhhuh. it said, "Cast thy burden upon the Lord." That's right. And he shall sustain thee. He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved. Now that first word said cast that mean to give him your burdens. And and I'm a victim of that and and uh we find ourselves sometimes praying and and you know we we got a PhD with telling God what's going on. You know we got a PhD with with all the details. Lord this is going on from A to Z. But the fatal mistake that we make we get up and take the burden back with us. We take the burden back with us and the word say you're supposed to cast your burdens unto God. So that mean all your problems, all your fault, you need to leave them there with him. So that allows you to enter into that rest when you leave your burdens with God. [Applause] And and and let's go to the book of John chapter 14. Yes, my brother verse 26. St. John 14 26. Yes sir. And he says, "But the comforter, yes sir, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things." Why we Why do we worry? He said, "The Holy Ghost is able to teach you all things." Amen. So we don't have to worry about these things. And then then he said, "And it brings all things to your remembrance." That's right. So So it even going bring to your remembrance even the things that you forgotten. That's it. That's it. So So whatever God has told you and and you know what he said later on down the road, if you forget, the Holy Ghost is going to remind you when when you get in that test or that trial, he gonna pop up and remind you. So So we should be resting. [Music] He said, "It will bring all things to your remembrance whatsoever I have said unto you." And let's go back to the book of Psalms, chapter 139. Amen. Book of Psalms, chapter 139, verse one. Yes sir. The book of Psalms, the first verse, chapter 13. Now, it says, "Oh Lord, thou has searched me. and known me. That's right. Say, "Thou knowest my down city and my uprising." Say, "Thou understandest my thoughts are far off." Say, "Thou compasseth my path and my lying down, and are acquainted with all my ways, for thou for there is not a word in my tongue. But lo, oh Lord, thou knowest it all together. Thou hast besat me behind and before and laid thy hand upon me. And he say such knowledge is too wonderful for me. It is high. I cannot attain unto it. Say whether shall I go from thy spirit or whether shall I flee from thy presence? If I ascend into heaven, thou art there. He said, if I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. See, David got to a point where if if I had to make my bed in hell, I still will be resting. Yes, sir. I will still find rest in the midst of hell. And that's what David is saying. And you as a believer or not, you got to find rest in the in the midst of your trials. You got to find rest in the midst of your testes. It don't matter what's going on, you got to find a place of rest. Yes, sir. Amen. And verse 9 say, "If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea." He said, "Even there shall thy hand lead me and thy right hand shall hold me." He said, "If I say, surely the darkness shall cover me, even the night shall be light about me." Amen. Are you talking about a revelation? This man know who he know God is with him. everywhere. He said, "Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, but the night shining as the day." Said, "The darkness and the light are both a light to thee." See, he done got so far behind the veil to the darkness and the night to look the same. And that's how you got to get no matter how tough the trial get. No matter how tough the test get, you got to still be in the same condition. You got to be still acting the same way. You know, God is with you. We are believers. We come from God, we go back to God. There's no doubt in my mind that God is not with me. So, I'm just going to rest in assurance on the word of God, knowing that whenever I need him, he going to show up. Whenever I fall, he going to pick me up. Whenever I'm hungry, he going to put food on my table. Whenever I lost, he going to give me direction. And that's the way you got to serve God or not. You got to serve him like that tonight. No matter what you need tonight, God is more than able. We the bride should we should be resting tonight. We got all these promises. I I know the devil is going to poke on the outside, but on the inside we have the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is rest and we should be resting. [Applause] Verse 13 says, "For thou has possessed my reigns. Thou has covered me in my mother's womb." He said, "I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well." He said, "My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret." He said, "And curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth." Thine eyes did see my substance. Yet being unperfect in thy book all my members were written, which in in continuence were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them. How precious also are thy thoughts unto me. How precious also are thy thoughts unto me. Oh God, how great is the sum of them. If I should count them, there are more in number than the sand when I awake. I am still with thee. You see, you see what God think about you. Do you see what he feel about you? We ought to be resting knowing that how he feel about us. We ought to be resting in the Holy Ghost tonight, knowing that we got a God that knoweth everything about us. He knows my thoughts. He knows my sitting down and my coming up. He knows my every natural being. Why we're not resting tonight? [Applause] In the book of Matthew, chapter 6, verse 25, the book of Matthew. Matthew says, "Therefore I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on is not the life more than meat and the body than raignment." He says, "Behold the fowls of the air, for they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns." He said, "Yet your heavenly father feedth them, and ye not ye not much better than they." He said, "Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit into his statue." God don't want your [Applause] thoughts. That just how much he want you to rest in tonight. He don't even want you to think, but he want you to trust his word and lean on his word and believe in his word. He He cares so he cares so much about you tonight that he don't even want you thinking. [Applause] In verse 28 he says, "And why take ye these thought for ramen? Consider the liies of the field how they grow. They tore not neither do they spin." It says, "And yet I say unto you, that even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these." Then he says, "Wherefore, if God so clothe the grass of the field, which today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more clothe you, oh ye of little faith." He said, "Therefore take no thought, saying that, what shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or where shall we be clothed? For all these things do the Gentiles seek. He say, "For your heavenly Father knoweth that you have need of all these things." He said, "But seek you first the kingdom of God, and in his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for tomorrow. For tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself, sufficient unto the day, is the evil thereof." This is how much God think about you. And and and and God is he's not pleased when he see a Christian not resting when he when he already equipped you with the mechanism and everything you need to rest. And God saying I I done laid the word out. Your your rest is in my word. All you got to do is take me at my word. And when you take me at my word, then you'll find rest. [Applause] Let's let's go to the this message. Why are people so tossed about? In 1956, paragraph 60. Brother Bernham says, "Now our faith cannot rest upon nothing." A Christian has to have his faith. He has to have a solid resting place. You know that. Yes, sir. And the only resting place that a Christian, a true bornag again Christian can rest, his faith or hers is upon the unmovable word of God. It isn't built upon the shifting sands of men's theology and doctrines. Yes, sir. And upon some church affiliation, he says, "But a true believer, Yes, sir. has faith." Amen. And it rests solidly. Yes, sir. Unshifting, Amen. as he approaches the word of God. That's right. and and he says, "I was saying somewhere maybe here a few nights ago." He said, "I wanted to preach so bad." He said, "I preached to my wife in bed to 12:00." Just telling her of how glorious Jesus was. He said, "A text come in my heart and it kept burning me so great." He said, "Till I just couldn't rest with it." He saying, "I just said, "Honey, I want to preach to you a little while." Yeah, I used to feel bad cuz I used to keep my wife up sometimes, you know, that the closest thing to us and and when we get that that that itch, we know we want to preach to somebody, they right there, you know. So, I got to start I start preaching to her sometimes. He said, and he say he saying she rose up and by grace she listened. Yes, sir. And he said he said I said the Christian faith Uhhuh. is based solidly Uhhuh. upon rest. Yes, sir. He said that's right. Yes, sir. A Christian is not tossed about. No sir. He said a Christian doesn't run from place to place. No sir. A Christian doesn't fuss and fume and worry about things. He said, "A Christian rest is all over. It's all finished for the believer at Calvary." That's right. Oh, sickness may comes and disappointment, but the Christian is at rest. So, he didn't he didn't say we're not exempt from sicknesses, you know. We're not a sentence from disappointment. We're not exempted from these things. He said, "But we should be able to find rest in the midst of all. Yes. Amen. Glory to God. Say, but the Christian is at rest knowing this. Uhhuh. That God is able Yes, sir. to keep that which he has performed. Yes, sir. knowing that no matter what the thing is and how it looks, there is neither sickness, sorrow, death, there is neither starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that's in Jesus Christ. Yes, sir. And he says we are at rest. He said just let that old ship toss any way she wants to. The anchor holds and the word of God, the Holy Ghost is our anchor tonight. We don't it don't matter how rough it get on the outside, but we have an anchor on the inside that will stabilize us in the time of a storm. It will give us peace in the midst of the storm. In paragraph 193, he says, "And when the trial of the enemy comes up, it'll be so far away outside the veil that they don't even hear it." That's it. He said, "A Christian be so h behind the veil." That's right. that when trials and tribulations come up, they'll be so far that they will they won't even be able to hear it. He said they'll just only see Jesus. So it don't matter what the enemy do, I'm going to see Jesus. The guy spit in David face, David saw Jesus and spit. He saw Jesus. He said, he said, "Leave him alone. God had it done." He saw Jesus and spit. Now if David could see Jesus and spent, how much more mean you can see him in all things? [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Noah found grace with God. He found favor. Yes, sir. And and and he was anointed to build a ark. That's right. And in that ark was his place of safety. That was his place of rest. Right? So, we as believers, we we already have favor in God. That's what I'm trying to get you to understand. These things already belong to us. We we already have favor with God. And we already have the Holy Ghost because he saw us with it before the foundation of the world. So, that Holy Ghost possessed that rest that we ought to be in when these when the when the storm comes. That's right. When the pressure comes, we should be resting. Yes, sir. The world should be in turmoil right now because they don't know what's going on. They don't know the end. But you and I know our end. So that's why we should be resting. It don't it don't matter what what tomorrow what going to happen tomorrow. We already know who holds tomorrow. So that why we can rest on the unfellable word of God. Hallelujah. Let's turn to the book of Genesis. Hallelujah. Wonderful. Yes, my brother. Book of Genesis. Yes, sir. Chapter 39. Yes, sir. Yes, my brother. A believer is so equipped with attributes of the Holy Ghost. Like I say, it's not something you can turn on and it ain't nothing you can turn off because it's a gift. And some sometimes a believer can be a victim of finding rest sometimes and God have to send pressure and trouble just to move you along because it's not it's not our fault that we're equipped and and some somehow we'll always find rest no matter how bad it get. A believer will always find rest in in chapter 39. Verse one, the Bible says, "And Joseph was brought down to Egypt." Yes, sir. And Pontifher, an officer of Pharaoh. That's right. Captain of the guard. Yes, sir. An Egyptian bought him of the hands of the Israelites, which had brought him down the other. And the Lord was with Joseph. And he was a prosperous man, and he was in the house of his master, the Egyptian. Yes, sir. And his master saw that the Lord was with him. And that the Lord made all that he did to prosper in his hand. Yes, sir. And Joseph found grace. See, there's that favor. A believer always going to find favor with God because because we possess favor. It's something that he already gave us. We're going to always find favor with God. Yes, sir. He said, "And Joseph found grace in his sight and he served him and he made him overseer over his house and all that he had he put into his hands." Yes, sir. Now, this at at the beginning, this seemed like to be a bad thing. When when when Joseph was put in the well and they sold him and he end up in he end up in Polifer's house, it seemed like a bad thing. But see, Joseph taught Christ and and it's a true example how a believer will always find rest. And when Joseph found grace in his sight, he served him and he made him overseer. See, in a bad situation, Joseph was able to find rest. He was able to find rest. And and and like I said, it looked like a bad thing, but they put him they put him in his house and he found rest. Yeah. And and that's the reason God had us in trouble. He had to create a lie. Yes, sir. To come down and push him from that position because he would he hadn't reached his final destination yet. But because he was a believer and he found favor in God. And after he found favor, he found a place of rest. So, Joseph got comfortable. [Music] He found he found rest in the midst of trouble. And God said, "Hold my my my son. I I know I equip you with rest and you found that rest, but you hadn't quite reached your final destination yet. So, I need to send some trouble to move you over a little bit. [Applause] Skip skip over to verse 20. I I want you to see every time the music seat changed, Joseph was able to find rest. In verse 20, it says, "And Joseph master took him and put him into the prison." Uhhuh. A place where the king's prisoners were bound. Uhhuh. And he was there in the prison. Uhhuh. But the Lord was with Joseph. And showed him mercy. There go that favor. Amen. It's that favor just hanging around. It It don't go nowhere. It can't go nowhere. God gave it to you. He can't take it back. It just following him. It belongs to you. That's why I'm trying to tell you this rest belongs to you. You were able to rest. God can't take that rest back from you. It say, "But the Lord was with Joseph and showed him mercy." Amen. That's that favor. And gave him favor in the sight of the keeper of the prison. And the keeper of the prison committed to Joseph hand all the prisoners that were in the prison. And whatsoever they did there, he was the doer of it. Uhhuh. And and and not if you notice, not only Joseph was at rest, but because of him, everything around him was at peace. Everything around him was at rest. Because of who Joseph was, they was able to be blessed because of him. So when they was being blessed, that put them in a state of rest. They was able to rest based off of Joseph's rest. And and and that's what God does. He get on the inside of you and he he needs a place to lay his head. He want to rest inside of you. And once you let him in, he begin to rest. And then because of that, you begin to rest. Resting on the inside, resting on the outside. It's just a state of rest. That's why he says in chapter 40:14, he said, "But think on me when it shall be well with thee while you're resting." and think on me and show kindness while you're resting. He say, I pray thee unto me and make mention of me. That's the part where the test and trials are at. God say be at rest in that stage. Be at rest in that stage. And he say when I bring you out of this house, when I deliver you, then you reach that that rest, that eternal rest. See, you got to you got to realize this rest is eternal. This this is this is not something that God give you rest on one day like this like the the day of the Sabbath. But this is an eternal Sabbath. This is an eternal rest. You this rest has no end to it. It has no certain day to it. You can rest for from Monday to Sunday 24/7 365. This is an eternal rest. It came from God and it going back to God. It has no beginning and no end to it. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. In the book of Hebrews. Yes, sir. Chapter 3. Amen. Verse one. Glory to God. [Music] The Bible says, "Wherefore, holy brethren, partakers of the heavenly calling." Yes, my brother. Consider the apostle and the high priest of our profession. Yes sir. Christ Jesus sir who was faithful to him that appointed him. Yes sir. As also Moses was faithful in all his house. Yes sir. Say for this man was counted worthy of more glory than Moses. And as much as he who have built the house have more honor than the house. Say for every house is built by some man. But he that build all things is God. And Moses verily was faithful in all his house as a servant for a testimony of those things which were to be spoken after. It said, "But Christ is a son over his own house, whose house are we?" If we hold fast the confidence and the rejoicing of the hope, firm unto the end. Wherefore, as the Holy Ghost saith today, if you will hear his voice, harden not your hearts as into pro provocation in the day of temptation in the wilderness. said, "When your father tempted me, proved me and saw my works 40 years, said wherefore I was grieved with that generation, and said, they do always er in their heart, and they have not known my ways. So I swear in my wrath, that they shall not enter into my rest." That's right. Take heed, brethren, lest there be any of you an evil heart of unbelief is departing from the living God. Amen. And God God is saying when you don't take him at his word that that that's an attribute of unbelief. And so and and because of you not taking him with his word, you don't get to enter into that rest. That's it. Amen. That's the rest is only on the word of God. And and if you can't take him at his word, you can't enter into that rest. And and and it's because of unbelief. And and and I think about the word anxiety. I I hear that word so much. It seems like it's common now. They trying that that devil trying to make it common. Anxiety is a common thing. But anxiety is nothing but fear. It's just a devil of fear. That's all it is. And and the enemy has crept into the believers and trying to convince them that anxiety is common and all it is is a cover up for fear. And when you when you possess fear now, you have unbelief in the word of God. [Applause] Verse 12 says, "Take heed, brethren, lest there be any of you an evil heart of unbelief and departing from the living God." Said, "But exhort one another daily while it is called today, lest any of you be hardened through the deceitfulness of sin." say, "For we are made partakers of Christ, that we hold the beginning of our confidence, steadfast until the end. While it is said, today, if you hear his voice, harden not your heart, as in the provocation. For some, when they heard, they provoked." How about not all that came out of Egypt by Moses? But with whom was he grieved 40 years? Was it not with them that had sinned, who carcasses fell in the wilderness? That's right. And to whom swear he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believe not. So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief. [Music] lest they promise being left us of entering into his rest. Any of you should seem to come short of it. He said, "For unto us was the gospel preached as well as to them, but the word preached did not profit them." That's not being mixed with faith and them that heard it. He said, "For we which have believed do enter into rest." That's us tonight. As he said, as I have sworn in my wrath, if they shall enter into my rest, although the works were finished from the foundation of the world, from the foundation of the world. Amen. It say for he spake in a certain place of the seventh day on the wise and God did rest the seventh day from all his works and in this place again if they shall enter into my rest seeing therefore it remainth that some must enter therein and they to whom it was preached first preached enter not in because of unbelief again he limited a certain day saying and David today after so long a time as it is said today if you will hear his voice harden not your hearts For if Jesus had given them rest, then will he not afterward have spoken of another day, there remained therefore a rest to the people of God. For he that is enter into his rest, he also have ceased from his own works, as God did from his, let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after that same example of unbelief. That's right. Yes, my brother. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Let's turn to the book of Matthew think chapter 12 I think. Let me see man. Yes sir. Matthew 12:43. Amen. The Bible says when the unclean spirit is gone out of a man. Say he walketh through dry places seeking rest and he findeth none. Say then he saith. Listen to what he said. He said, "I will return into my house." So this unsplain, this unclean spirit is calling your temple. his house. [Applause] He said, he said, "I will return into my house, for hence I came out." He say, when he has come, he findeth empty, swept, and garnished. Then he goeth, and he take with himself seven other spirits, more wicked than himself, and there enter in and dwell there. And the last state of the man is worse than the first. Even so shall it be also unto this wicked generation. So even this this unclean spirit is seeking rest. Say, but when he goes out and when he comes back to look in there, if that Holy Ghost is present, all he can do is poke on the outside. He can't get in. All he can do is poke on the outside. You are on the inside resting. Yes sir. Yes sir. You you see what the Holy Ghost does. You you are you are exempt from from him coming back in. You are in a resting state. You are in a resting mode. Though he may come back though he may try to work on your outside. He may work on your emotions. He may work on your feelings but he can't get on the inside. And that ought to be enough to make you rest. That ought to make you enough to be in assurance. That ought to make you rest knowing that God fixed this thing. He done fixed it so you can't go out and he can't come in. [Music] [Applause] Glory to God. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Let's turn to the book of Daniel, chapter 3. A believer always find rest. Believer always find rest. Chapter 12. And these are believers in the Bible and they found rest in the midst of turmoil. Yes sir. Chapter 12. No. Yeah. Chapter two. Chapter 3 verse 12. Yes sir. There it says there are certain Jews whom thou has set over the affairs of the pro province of Babylon. Shadrachite, Meshach and Abednego. We know this story. Say these men, oh king, have not regarded thee. They serve not thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up set up. Then Nebuchadnezzar in his rage and fury commanded to bring Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. This is the response of believers. Okay. Say, then they brought these men before the king. Nebuchadnezzar spake and said unto them and say, "Is it true, oh Shadrach, Mach, and Abednego, do not serve, do not ye serve my gods, nor worship the golden image which I have set up." And he says, "Now if you be ready that at what time you hear the sound of the cornet, the flute, the harp, the sackbutt, the soldery, and doulamer and all and all kinds of music. I'm leave I'mma leave that there. That's another whole avenue there. All kinds of music. We we don't believe in all kinds of music. So, so, so we are we we already know who this is right here. He he says, "You fall down and worship the image which I have made." Well, but if you worship not, you shall be cast the same hour into the midst of a burning fiery furnace. And who is that God that shall deliver you out of my hands? Here go the response of a believer. Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego answered and said to the king, "Oh, Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter." Yes, sir. So, ba So, basically what they saying, they they weren't even careful about what they was going to say about it. [Music] God said, "Take take no thought." He said, "Take no thought what you will say in that hour." [Applause] He said, "Take no thought what you would say in that hour." So, so Shar, Meshach, and Abednego say, "We're not going to even be careful about how we answer this." He he he they say if it be so our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning fiery furnace. And he say and he will deliver us out of thy hand oh king. This is the example of a believer. Yes sir. He say but he say but if not come on. Be it known unto thee oh king Yes sir. that we will not Yes. serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou has set has set up. Then was Nebuchadnezzar full of fury, and the form of his vision was changed against Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. Therefore, he spake and commanded that they should heat the furnace seven times more than it was want to be heated. And they was already in a they was already resting. and and and basically they were saying Nebuchadnezzar, why you disturbing my rest? I'm resting in my God. I'm enjoying my God. And and here you come about the fire. We don't care about the furnace. We're resting in our God. And he says, "And he commanded the most mighty men that were in his army to bind Sharite, Mach, and Abednego, and to cast them into the burning fiery furnace. Then these men were bound in their coats, their hosom, and their hats, and their other garments, and were cast into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Now watch verse 22. It say, "Therefore, because the king's commandment was urgent, and the furnace was a seeding hot, the flames of the fire slew those men that took up Shadrach, Mesach, and Abednego." Now, that should have been a sign right there. That should have been a sign right there. Amen. That should have been a sign. See, God always assure his believers. He always give them a sign that he is with them. [Applause] God don't never see you in the fiery furnace without equipping you with a sign of assurance that he is with you. Yes, sir. And and I and I look at that as a sign cuz I I know they saw these men get slew and I know Sharite them had to look at theirelves and say, "Well, he he being slew, but I'm still here." Oh, he got to be in here. You know, and that's that's an assurance. And it says, "And these three men, Shadrach, Mach, and Abilneo, fell down bound in the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astonished and rose up in haste and spake and said unto his counselors, "Did not we cast three bound into the midst of the fire?" They answered and said to the king, "True, O king." He answered and said, "Lo, I see four men loose walking in the midst of the fire, and they have no hurt, and the form of the fourth is like the son of son of God." What I want to draw from this is that Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego was resting before the fiery furnace. When they went in the fiery furnace, they were still resting. And when they came out of the fiery fence, they were still resting. There's no disturbance in that rest. You believer, you should be continually resting, constantly resting. It don't matter how tough it get, you should continually be resting. It should be a rotating clock. You should be able to find rest. [Music] Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. And I want to I want to leave you with this quote right here. Making a making a way. Making a way. 1956. Brother Benham says, "Our heavenly father, hallelujah, we want to thank thee from the very depths of our hearts. knowing that we are waiting here not frustrated at all. No matter how many atomic bombs they make and how many civil service people they put out to watch the planes. He said the world nervous and shaky. He said but we are resting s. He said we are resting upon this blessed hope that we have. said, "We're trusting in the finished work of God at Calvary through Christ, knowing this that after this earthly tabernacle is no more, we got one already waiting yonder, more glorious, far more where there's no pain, no suffering, no suffering, no sickness, suffering, no old age, will ever strike it." He says, "Never a gray hair." He says never a wrinkle. He said, "But we'll be young there forever." Yes, sir. He said, "The blessed Bible, which cannot tell nothing but the truth, has given us the this blessed assurance. And the Holy Ghost also is a witness, bearing record of the same." Yes, sir. Our hearts long for that. And we know the Bible tells us so, which is the word of God, the seeds to be planted upon this fertile ground. Amen. to let us rest in this hope. Give the Lord a great big hands up [Applause] please God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. What time is it on your clock? Is it 30 29 9:31? So, he's now a professional. He landed right there on 30. Amen. Let's give the Lord a big clap of praise. Praise. Praise. Praise. Praise. Praise God. As a believer, we should rest. Hallelujah. Amen. Rest. If you don't have that rest, God is still available to give it to you because you came from God and you were predestinated to receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. If you unsure, that rest is still there. This world is completely in turmoil. People don't know what to do. They trusted so much and things are going out of Kaider. Amen. You need a solid rest knowing that God is in control of your life. And no matter what's going on, God knows what he's doing. This message is so anointed. So many I don't know how many messages came out of this message. So powerful. He even read the scripture that has I read all the a lot of time and I see the thunders laying in that scripture and it's unbelievable that the seven thunder can be hidden in such a place. Amen. I won't say anything because I would take your thought from the the the sermon tonight. Stay with the sermon. One day the Lord's willing we will talk about a very simple scripture. I didn't see how he was laying there and it take all the ages. When you read the Bible, be really be careful. Every single I mean every numbering, everything that is coming out of the without this message, there is no way you can decode it. Oh my God. Oh, praise be to the name of the Lord. Rest little bride. All is well. Amen. You rest on Monday. You rest on Tuesday. You rest on Wednesday, on Thursday. every single day, 367 days a week, we should see you with a smile always in your face until the devil doesn't know when you are crying and when you are not crying. Amen. To tell the devil that I'm in peace and I know that everything is there for a purpose. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly tonight. Father, we thank you again for your grace, for your love and your mercy, and for speaking to us and the bride all over the world about to rest. Lord, Father, such a timely message in this time where there is war everywhere, Lord, the war that started in Russia, they thought it was a short war, the war is still going on. The war that started with Israel is still going on. War between India and Pakistan. War in Africa. Trump who came in. Disaster here. Trouble here. Tariff going on. All of this not working. The world is completely in turmoil. And Father, you sending us a message of peace, telling us shalom to rest again because you got everything in control and everything is working together for good for us, Lord. Father, may you strengthen your men's servant tonight, Lord. And may you protect us and give us all travel mercy, Lord. Father, thank you for answering our prayer and speaking to us plainly about the rest, Lord. And father I pray for whoever is not in line with the word and still struggling about this rest or is unsure that Lord Father you bring such an urgency because Lord Father the time is at hand that we don't want to be short of this rest but we want to be found in the rest because only those that are in the rest Lord will be raptured and meet you in the air. Lord may you strengthen him and may you be with us on the remaining of the week. Father, continue to bless us and look at the work, Lord, Father, of the construction outside so that you can provide and you can lead and guide us through everything. Lord, we thank you and commit everything unto thy hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Brother John, can we insert brother Tony's song on Sunday, too? Is that okay? Anyway, we got one service. Uh so just put them together and yeah you got one service let's put them together. Other churches got two service. You got one service. So let's put it together. Let I mean Sunday is not even your day. One day one day I will I will I will show you either on question and answer or here. Why do we worship on Sunday sir? And you will go why do we come to church on Sunday? Because there is a Sabbath. The Adventist are there but we are not there. There is a reason why Sunday don't belong to you. So stop putting program on Sunday. [Music] I don't want to preach. Brother said to you go ahead. [Music] I will come in my hand. My help come from the Lord. The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he will not suffer thy foot thy foot to be moved. The Lord is keeping me. He will not slumber [Music] no. For the Lord is my keeper. The Lord is a sh upon thy right hand. upon thy right hand. Oh, the sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. He shall preserve thy soul, even forever more. I am. I am. I am. All of my help coming from the Lord. I lift up my eyes one more time. I will lift up my eyes to the hill from my help. My help cometh from the Lord. The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he will not suffer thy foot thy foot to be moved. The Lord which keepeth thee. Oh he will not slumber nor for the Lord is my keeper. The Lord is thy sh upon thy right hand upon thy right hand. Oh, the sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the Lord my he shall preserve my soul. [Music] Even forever. Even forever more. I [Applause] am. I am. I am. All of my help coming from my [Music] [Music] of my head. All of my help I'm coming from the Lord. My hell my help. All of my help promise from the Lord. [Music] The ocean rise and thunderers fall. I will sow with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the world. I will be still know you when the oions rise and thunderers roar. I will soar with you above the stor. Father, you are king. Oh word of God. I will be still you my [Music] soul. Find a rest my soul. in Christ to the Lord. Your [Music] peace in [Music] quiet and dry. Oh, when the ocean rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you [Music] above. Father, you are king over. [Music] I will be still for you. I will cry. Oh, and the ocean rise and thunder. I will. Oh, with you above the star. Father, you are king [Music] over. I will be still know you are God. Oh, when the ocean rise against [Music] thunder, I will sore with you. of Christ. I will be still know you my God. I will be still. Know you my God. I will be still. Know you. I will be still know you are God. I will be still know you are God. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
