################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - Arise, Solders Of The Cross God's Preparation - Bro Dieu-Aime Omambo - Aime Omambo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    Arise, Solders Of The Cross: God's Preparation - Bro Dieu-Aime Omambo
Speaker:  Aime Omambo
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 7m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7DrVbN2a9hU
========================================

Description:
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we be upstanding tonight even as we we commit the service into the hands of the Lord. Amen. Can we all pray and ask the Lord to take preeminence tonight and also commit those on their way coming that the Lord will lead them safely and guide them on the road. Let's pray. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are grateful, Lord Jesus. Father God, we just want to bless your name. We just want to give you all the glory tonight, Lord. Father God, it has been by your grace and your mercies, Lord Jesus. Oh God, that we are counted amongst the living, oh God, this evening, Lord, we just want to express our gratitude, Lord Jesus. We just want to express our thanksgiving, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father God, we have humbly come before you, Lord Jesus. to God and asking Lord that even as we begin the service Lord we ask that Father God our beginning oh God should to start with you God according to your word that said oh God where two or three are gathered in your name there you are in their midst Lord Jesus oh God and we know father oh God even as we we come here with all our needs we come here with all expectations Lord Jesus you meet us at the point of every need tonight Lord Father we commit our singing into your hands Lord our songs oh God we ask Lord May you anoint our voices to God. May you give us the strength Lord. Father God commit all the singers Lord or the instrumentalist Lord. Everyone God. Father the whole congregation is in your hands Lord. We ask Father God may you take absolute control God. Father Lord we also pray committing the preacher tonight into your hands Lord and asking Father God may you use him Lord Jesus. Oh God to speak your word freely Lord Jesus. Those on your way coming in your hands Lord may you be with them. May you guide them on the roads. May you protect them Lord and Father God together in one accord in one spirit of God we shall lift your name on high once again Lord we thank you Lord and we bless your name we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen and amen it's such a privilege to be called upon to worship the name of the Lord Amen so we just want to bless him with this song sing hallelujah to the Lord amen so So we can sing along even if we don't know it. It's a simple song that we can easily learn. Amen. Sing hallelu to the Lord. Sing hallelu to the Lord. [Music] Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu to the Lord. It's just a simple song. Amen. Oh, sing hallelu to the Lord. [Music] Sing halleluah to the Lord. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing halleluah to the Lord. Sing Christ is risen from the dead. Oh, sing Christ is rising from the dead. Oh, sing Christ is rising from the [Music] dead. Sing Christ is rising. Sing Christ is rising. Sing Christ is rising from the dead. Jesus is reigning as a king. Jesus is reigning as the [Music] king. Oh Jesus is rising as the king. [Music] Jesus is raining. Jesus is raining. Jesus is raining us the king. S Christ is coming for his own. Sing Christ is coming for his own. [Music] Oh, sing Christ is coming for his [Music] soul. Sing Christ is coming. Sing Christ is coming. Sing Christ is coming for you. We sing hallelujah. Oh, and sing halleluah to the Lord. Oh, sing halleluah to the Lord. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. [Music] Sing halleluah to the one more time. Sing hallelujah. Oh we sing halleluah to the Lord. Sing halleluah to the Lord. Oh, sing hallelujah. Sing [Music] hallelujah. Sing halleluah to the Lord. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to the Lord. [Music] I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storm, make the shadow shine again. Oh, I know the master of the Oh, I know the master. I am the master of the [Music] wind. I know the maker of the rain. Oh, he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the we of life. Oh my [Music] life trouble [Music] [Applause] [Music] seeing in my [Applause] [Music] safes over me. Oh, when the bridge turns to rain. Oh, I know. I know the master of the wind. I am the maker of the rain and he can come as long and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the way. Sometimes I s sometimes I s I get eager to beat my soul can be [Music] found may drive me from the earth. It may bring me love, but it'll never bring me. Oh, you're the master. I know the [Music] master. I know the rain. He kept the storm and made the sun to shine again. I know the master of one more time. Oh, I know the master. I know the master of the way. [Music] I know the maker of the rain. He can come strong and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. He can calm the storm. Oh, and he can calm the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Amen. We know he's the master that calms the storms. Amen. We want to praise him tonight. Amen. Amen. [Music] It's coming down, down, down. It's coming down, down, down. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, and the saints begin to pray for the Lord. Have his way. And the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, it's coming down. It's coming down. Down. is coming down. Oh, glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, in the single glory of the glory is coming down. Oh, he's coming down. It's coming down. He's coming down. Glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, and the saints begin to praise the Lord of the great glory of glory. One more time. Oh, it's coming down. It's coming down. Down. It's coming down. Oh, and the glory of the Lord is coming down. Oh, when we sing to pray for the Lord and the glory of the Lord is coming. Oh, he's coming down. Down is coming down. Oh, the glory of the Lord is coming down. The rain glory and the glory of the Lord is coming. Oh, he's coming down. It's coming down. Down. He's coming down. Oh, the glory of the Lord is coming down. princess to pray for the glory of his glory of the glorious coming down. Oh, I get to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. Oh, I came to glorify the name of the Lord. came to glorify. Oh, glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. Get to glorify. Oh, magnify. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord to magnify. Oh magnify came to magnify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord. Get to magnify. One more time. Oh, glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. How come to glorify the name of the Lord? Can't you glorify him? Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the time. Praise him. Praise him. Praising the sun. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in a new life. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him like the son of love. [Music] Loving in the morning, loving in the new [Music] time. Love him. Love him. When the sun goes down. Oh, trust him. Trust him. Trust him. Oh, trust him in the morning. Trust him in the new time. Trusting, trusting, trusting with the sun. Oh, so Oh, ser in the morning. In the new Oh, sh. Oh sh. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. In the morning. Jesus in the time. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus. When the sun. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Oh Jesus in the morning. Jesus in the new. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Jesus when the sun go. Praise him one more time. Praise him. Oh praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Praise him. Oh, praise him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Sing it. Jesus. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Oh Jesus. In the morning, Jesus in the new Jesus. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. When the sun goes down, Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget. Jesus, I'll never forget. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. And Jesus, I'll never forget how you bro. Jesus, I'll never forget. How can I forget? How can I forget what you've done for me? How can I forget how you set me free? How can I forget how you brought me up? I cannot forget. Oh, Jesus, I'll never forget. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you broke me out. Jesus, I'll never forget your name. Oh, victory is mine. And victory is mine. Victory today is mine. I chose Satan behind the victory today. Oh, victory. Victory is mine. Victory is mine. Victory today is mine. Oh, like Satan. getting behind victory today. Oh, happiness. Happiness is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Oh, happiness today is mine. Oh, I trust you behind. Happiness today is Oh, happiness. Happiness is mine. Oh, happiness is mine. Oh, happiness today is mine. Oh, I chose Satan behind. Happiness today. One more time. Oh, we got a victory. Victory is mine. Oh, victory is mine. Oh, victory today is mine. Oh, I chose Satan behind. Victory today is my mine. Amen. And amen. Amen. I believe we have victory tonight. Amen. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. We bless the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Got a praise report and a prayer request tonight. Amen. This is from the fbe. Amen. Said we would like to thank God for blessing Isaiah with another year. Tomorrow will be his birthday. May God's blessings be with him. Happy birthday, brother Isaiah. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. So this is a prayer request from brother Charles Jr. Amen. He said, "I have a very challenging week starting tomorrow. I ask for your prayers." Amen. So we're going to um remember brother Charles in prayer tonight. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. I'm going to call brother Khim. Amen. Amen. If you can bring before the Lord, Amen. I pray request and commit our brother Charles into the hands of the Lord. Amen. And thank the Lord for the life of brother Isaiah. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Victory is mine, Lord Jesus. Oh God, how could we acquire this victory if it was not for you? I'm reminded Moses, oh Father God, in the Old Testament. You told Abraham that your seed will possess the gates of their enemy. Oh, Father God, we've seen Moses possess the gates. We've seen Joshua possess the gates. Oh father, we've seen Daniel, the children of um the three Hebrew children possessed their gates. But Father, as time went on, oh God, we noticed there was cemeteries. Oh, Father, all those mighty conquerors, although they possessed the gates of their enemies, there's one enemy they could not possess and that was death. Lord, each one of them regardless of the numbers. Oh, Father God, David killing Goliath. Oh, Father Samson destroying the army of the Philistine. They all had to die and they could not conquer the gates of death. But one day there was a mighty conqueror that came. Oh Jesus, the Messiah, born of a virgin, God himself in flesh. It took you, oh God, to come down, oh Father God, and to go conquer the gates of death, hell, and the grave. And because of that, oh Father God, victory, we can sing today. That day on Calvary, the devil stung the wrong man. He put his thing of death inside of you, oh God, and you pulled it out of him, and you went to hell. You demanded the keys, oh Father. That's why we've just celebrated Easter, oh Father God. It's not just an event, oh God, a memorial, but it's reality. Truly, you came out of the the the grave, oh Father God, and your great resurrection. And today, because of that, we can say that truly we have the victory over death, hell, and the grave. We thank you for that, oh God. And we can come and sing the songs of Zion because of your victory, Father. You made us mighty conquerors because of that cross, oh Father God. And today we are who we are by your grace, Lord. And one day we will be with you forever, Father God. Take our service tonight, Lord Jesus, as your presence already being felt here. Because of that victorious day, oh God, you can come and live in us. Oh God, because of that blood that was shed, oh Father, you can come and live in us, oh God. And truly, we see you living in us. We have testimonies left and right, oh Father God. We we we see you responding to our prayers, oh God. And we want to say thank you tonight. Father, may you bless this contin of this service, oh God. May you take the tithes, the offering. You see the building back there, Father. We're building this. Oh, Father God, this building by faith, Lord. Amen. May you come, oh father god, and anoint each one of our faith, oh father god. And once we see the end product, oh truly we shall raise our hands to you, Lord, in praise and we shall glorify your holy name. Father, thank you for the word tonight, Father. May you take the minister now, oh God, and speak to your people, Father, tonight. Take the tithes, the offering, the giver. Bless it, Father God, for the advancement of your kingdom in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. Amen. And amen. We've got a special tonight. Amen. Um from Brother Paulock. Amen. Amen. So invite Brother Paulock. Amen. To give us a special Amen. Amen. Looks up above me to sweet the food on my table and Jesus my You gave me a heart of me. Thank you Lord for your presence. While the world walks upon me as I go the wall they say I have but they are so in my eyes I see how I wish they Thank you Lord for your [Music] presence [Music] ever. My shoes I you gave me away. Thank you to God for your blessings. [Music] And this place you I know my [Music] heart. Oh the mother will bring the king. Thank you Lord for your blessings for me. of the [Music] bra. You gave me a and thank you Lord for your blessing on me. [Music] [Applause] Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord, for your blessings on me. Amen. We thank the Lord. Amen. For the life of brother Podok. Amen. Amen. When I sing this song, there's never reason strong enough. Amen. So, can we all be upstanding? Amen. We want to worship the Lord with this song. Amen. [Music] There's never reason strong enough for not praising the Lord. Whenever the Holy Ghost, you got to keep praising the Lord. Praise him. You know that you sure everything is working together for him. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising the Lord. Oh, praise him. You know that you should. Everything is working together for you. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising. There's never a reason. You're not praising the Lord. Never before he stands up. You got to keep praising the Lord. Praise him. You know you should. Everything is working together for you. Praise him. He's never afford praising the Lord. together. You know that you shine. Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising. Let's clap. Amen. Praise him. Everybody clap. You should Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising him. You know that you should. Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never stop praising my praise. Praise him. You know that you should. Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never stop praising the heart. Praise him. You never should. Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising the Lord. Praise him. Praise him. You know that you sure everything is working together for me. Praise him. You can never afford to stop. [Music] Oh God, praising the Lord. Whenever the glories get out, you got to keep praising the Lord. Oh, praise him. Praise him. You know that you should. Everything is working together for you. Praise him. You can never afford to stop. Praise him. One more time. Praise him. Praise him. You know that you should. Everything is working together for good. Praise him. You can never afford to ever stop praising the Lord. Amen. You can never afford, never never afford to stop praising the Lord. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Can you hear me? Okay. Blessed be the name of the Lord, brother Paul. That are we together? Are we together? Wonderful. Wonderful. Keep singing for the Lord. Amen. And he's singing, being happy, and being himself. That's what we want. Glory. Glory. Sister Joela, you'll be next. The miracle baby. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here. God richly bless you and welcome again in our spoken word tabernacle convention. Now we clear with the panoramic view of our purpose. You're talking about the devil attacking me. I say, whoa, there is a purpose behind this. So something is really, really, really working. Now you need, now you understand better why you need to love your enemy. Because they're working for you. The devil is working for you. Your enemy are working for you. Now you need to love your enemy because they actually working for you. Do you see the revelation now? The word is all coming together. When Jesus say love your enemy, you're like, brother Brandham say leave for that man who can kill you. I understand. But now when you begin to understand the bigger picture of what he does, now you begin to say, you know what, you stay on your post duty. Judah, keep doing what you're doing and you will see what Judah did. That without Judah, we will not be standing here. Oh, sorry. Uh, I'm not the one preaching tonight. We will get to that and you'll see the bigger picture of why those things have to be said like that. It's amazing what the scripture is. The message is so beautiful, so great. And it releases all anxiety. Yes, it does. No more worries. Amen. Everything is working together for good. Amen. It's not your battle. That's why the Bible say the battle is who? Because he's the one that started the battle. He's the one that picked Abraham. He's the one that gave Abraham the vision and say your people will be carried out to a strange land. So Israel is just victim of a purpose. So we are victims of purpose. So if we are victim, it's up to him to do what he's supposed to be doing. Amen. Israel cry, cry, cry, cry, cry, pray God left and right, left and right until the season and the time and everything happened and the Lord say, "I have come down because there was a purpose. Everything was lined up completely. So your prayer are staying somewhere." Do you know there is a mystery in the book of Revelation where the prayer of the sand have to be poor? So they were kept somewhere until a certain time. Then the poor the prayer of the saint. So your prayer is not going anywhere. It's staying right there. The timing of answering is what takes a little bit of time depending on the time, the season, and the purpose. If you understand all of these thing, you pray and you move on. Amen. Amen. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. You keep praying for me because we keep moving. I'm trying to move up to the surface but I can't. There's so much nugget, jewels, diamond, everything laying down. We just keep taking it, taking it, taking it, taking it. And this word is it's it's I don't know something. If you don't understand the opening of the seals, you got a problem. Amen. If you never understand why do we talk about the seals? Everything that you see here open up in the Bible is because the seals has been broken. If the seals were not broken, every all of these the in between the line you can read the scripture over and over until the seals are broken. Then when you look the one that you love most. Now when you look at that it's telling you something else. It's not really what is written but it's the what is behind what is the log go not the rema the log go behind. Then the scripture changes and when the scripture open up like that he have life because God is talking to somebody. Amen. So I'm not the one preaching tonight. You have a free weekend. Nothing no question and answer and everything. So brother Jar M will be ministering for us tonight. Amen. So you know him better. So he should be getting a little bit comfortable. He's helping with the translation. And now he's a preacher. So praise the Lord. I'm not translating as much as I was. So, we moving forward leader by leader. Everything is getting better just like the building behind. So, keep us in prayer with that building back there. Amen. You pray and you also have your religion with works. Have I say something wrong? You have faith. But faith without work is dead. That's what the Bible says. Amen. If you didn't understand me, you tell me again. If not, I let the trust that that's a message for the trustee. The trustee love works. Amen. Right. Brother said, uh, he want to see the works and then me, I'm going to see the faith. So, you bring the faith and the works together, then the building is moving together for good. Amen. But they're doing a wonderful job beyond even my expectation. If you look outside, I say, "Wow, blessed be the name of the Lord." So do some prayers, some faith, and then some work together and God is able to replenish. Amen. Glory to God. So let's go with only believe as brother Albert, brother Jar comes up. Amen. Home believe [Music] Oh, all [Music] Um, thank you musicians. Thank you musicians. Can you all hear me? Right. God bless you all saints. Um, you can be seated just for a little bit. And I want to thank the pastor for this privilege. It's always a pleasure to come and speak before the bride of Christ. Although it's also always very nerve-wracking, but I thank the Lord God. Anyways, uh I also have like a quick testimony to give. That's why I wanted to give it real quick. Yesterday as I was meditating and preparing what to uh minister today as I was meditating meditating and I got to a point that I was like I have certain school assignments that needs to be due. So I was like let me pause it for a bit then finish certain assignments knock them um before the due dates. So I did that. Then towards the end as I was finishing up the power went out and there was no Wi-Fi or anything so I couldn't continue that. And I was like, I guess God wanted me to take a break. And as when the power went out, I decided to come out. I told my sister that the power was off. And my mom heard me. Then she was like, "Oh, the power went off. Can you do this?" I did what she told me. And my sister, she had errands to run. Then she was like, "Uh, can you drive me?" Because my eyes is like hurting right now. So I was like, "Okay." So as I was getting ready to drive her, she went to the kitchen, started cutting me and watching. I was like, "I thought you wanted me to drive you." She was like, "Oh, I just wanted to take care of this real quick before we go." Then she told me, "Take water. I mean, take a pot, pour water, and put it in the stove." So, as she told me that, I went, I took the water, uh, I took the pot, I pulled water, and I went to the stove. And as I arrived to the stove, I was like, "Why are you telling me to put in the stove? You know, the power is out." Then she was like, "Uh, this was your chance. This was your chance that God was using so he could work on your faith." I was like, "I did have faith." That's how I walked over there without thinking and I placed it over there. And then later on within the same minute I turned around I completely forgot that we didn't have power. So I went to the fridge to try to look for something to uh eat. And as I open it in my mind I was under the expectation that the light would turn on. So the moment I opened it I noticed it was like it wasn't on. All this was happened like within a second. That was like why isn't the light on? Automatically the light turned on. I was like I turned to her I was like see I had faith. Anyways that was like a quick little testimony. Um, if we could all stand, the power came right afterward. Let's go to the Lord in prayer first. Lord heavenly father, I thank you Lord God for protecting us, for watching over us. Thank you Lord heavenly father for watching over us in the howways and byways for bringing us here into your house Lord God. I pray that you may come and take prereminence. May you take control and may be Lord Jesus Christ the starter Lord Jesus Christ of this meeting and may you finish it Lord God. May you take control from the pulpit all the way to the last row and even outside Lord heavenly father. May you take control may you set atmosphere which you already set Lord heavenly father. May stuff happen Lord Jesus Christ because you said when two or three are gathered in your name Lord Jesus Christ something is bound to happen Lord God. Lord heavenly father we pray that you may touch the sick and you heal them. May the word that comes forth Lord heavenly father may those word correct your people may heal your people. May you just take them to higher heights Lord heavenly father. I bend everything unto your saying in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. As you're standing, if we could go to [Music] um our reading today in Exodus chapter 17, if you're there, can you say amen? Exodus chapter 17 verse 8 to9. The scripture says this. Then came Amalecch and fought with the Israel in Refodm. And Moses said unto Joshua, "Choose us out men and go out fight with Amalecch. Tomorrow I will stand on the top of the hill with the rod of God in my hand." You may be seated. And if we could drop to verse um we could drop to verse 11 And it came to pass that Moses held up his hand, and Israel prevailed. And when he let down his hand, Amalcch prevailed. But Moses had But Moses' hands were heavy. And they took stone and put it under him. And he sat there on. And Aaron and hers stayed up his hands. and the one on the one side and the other on the other side. And his hands were steady until the going down of the sun. And Joshua discomfort discomforted Amalcch and his people with the edge of the sword. And in verse 16, it says, "For they said, because the Lord has sworn that the Lord will have war with Amalecch from generation to generation." And if we could go to Exodus, I want to get to the scripture. Get the scriptures down first. Exodus 15 verse 3. It says this, "The Lord is a man of war," which we found out last time. The Lord is a man of war. The Lord is his name. And we were trying to find out what God does in war. What God is doing in our journey as we're going through last time. And in verse 13, the Bible says, "Thou in thy mercy has led forth the people which thou has redeemed. Thou has guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation." Because God was the person who purchased us. He's the one who redeemed us. He bought the map and after he's g he's uh leading us to the um to our habitation to our destination. And 16:17 says, "Fear the dread shall fear and dread shall fall upon them. Thy greatness and thy arm they shall be there shall be as still as stone till thy people pass over, oh Lord, till the people pass over which thou has purchased. Thou shalt bring men in, and plant them in the mountain of thy inheritance, in the place, O Lord, which thou has made for thee to dwell in, in the sanctuary, O Lord, which thy hands have established. We found out that God who purchased us in Calvary. He bled for us. And then he didn't stop there. He went, he prepared a house for us. And he's leading us to that house that is not created or built by the hands of men. Amen. And my subject for this night is arise soldiers of the cross, God's preparation. And I'd actually want to go to the scripture which gave me that inspiration which is in Amos chapter 4. Amos chapter 4 verse 9. If you're there, can you say amen? That was a few amens. If you're there, can you say amen? Amen. Glory be to God. Amos 4 verse 9. The scripture says this. I have smitten you with blasting and mildew. When your gardens and your vineards and your vineyards and your fig trees and your olive trees increased, the Palmerworm devoured them. Yet have ye not returned unto me, says the Lord. See, there are certain trials that we come across that we think that it's the devil, but it's Lord God who's doing that to bring us back to himself. You see, and he continues and he says verse 10, I have sent among you the pestilence after manner of Egypt. Your young men have I slain with the sword and have taken away your horses. And I have made and I have made the stink of your camp to come up unto your nostril. Yet have ye not returned unto me, says the Lord. I have overthrown some of you as God overthrew Sodom and Gomorrah. I love that part where he say I have thrown because God is talking say I have thrown first person that he says as God. It's almost like he's he switched it to third person which a lot of people um get lost in that that they start building doctrines of trinity and multiple gods based on that and they fail to catch the fact that God when he speaks he will speak from a first person point of view and sometime he will switch it to third person point of view and people tend to mistaken that switch into its two different people as if he's talking about someone else but he's talking about himself in a third perspective and the scripture continues It says, "Ye were as a fire brand plucked out of the burning, yet have ye not returned unto me, sayith the Lord." See, God is continuously keeping tribes to bring you back to him. But s uh the Israelite children weren't listening. Verse 12, therefore thou will I do unto thee, O Israel, and because I will do this unto thee, prepare to meet thy God, O Israel. When I read that scripture, he say prepare to meet thy God, O Israel. And I was thinking about I was like there's two type of preparation. Either God could prepare you or you could prepare yourself. And the thing about it, there's also when God prepares you, there could be a good preparation and a bad preparation. And when you prepare yourself, there could be also a good preparation and a bad preparation. You see, because if you take the story of uh Esther for example, the king had called people to come in and after that the king gave a command and he said uh go uh he he sent them to uh Hagar so they can you know dress themselves so they can go meet the king and Hagar was like go over there and dress yourself. He gave them an order to go prepare themselves and a lot of people went and that they started dressing themselves. Brother Brandham say humans their first instinct is to go dress themselves. They want to cover themselves up and the first thing the other people did was cover themsel. You see, they started preparing themselves and they started preparing themselves based on what they thought was right. Some of them probably prepared themselves in a manner that said if I prepare myself like this, maybe I could seduce the king to choose me. Others were like maybe if I wear this way, maybe this is the the uh the correct stature or the correct standard of modesty with based on their own understanding. But when it came to Esther, she relied herself on the Chamberlain. And the Chamberlain told her how to dress. And the thing is uh what's it called? Everything that the Chamberlain told her how to dress. It wasn't really the Chamberlain dressing her, but it was the king dressing Esther through the ch the Chamberlain. You see, for example, if you were to come, let's say, um you were come to meet me and that you wanted to give me something that would be uh that would make me happy. You see, you would have to go to my siblings and have to ask them what I like. And they would tell you what I like and they would tell you how to make it how I like it so you can please me. And it's not them who's preparing you so you can bring something to please me. But it's my preference, my thoughts in them that's preparing you to come meet me and so you can um please me. [Music] And if we could go to um Colossians, Chapter on if you're there. Can you say amen? Amen. Colossians chapter 1 verse 12. Colossians chapter 1:12. The scripture says this, "Give thanks unto the father which have made us meat to the part to be partaker of the inheritance of the saints in light who have delivered us from the power of darkness." See, it's God who's delivering us. It's God's role. And hath translated us on into the kingdom of his dear son. You see, and in whom we have redemption through his blood. It's not out of our own work, but it's through the blood of Christ. It's through God himself. God God is the one who's doing all these things through through his blood even the forgiveness of sins. Who who is in the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth, visible and invisible, whether they be thrones or dominion or principalities or powers. All these things were created by him and for him. See, he say it was created by him. And what was the purpose for it to be created? It was created for him. You see and it continues says and it and he is before all men and by him all things consist. See God as we learning about our purpose and stuff like that. God created everything and the purpose for him creating it is for him. And we found out last Sunday that we are the purpose of God. So if we're the purpose of God, why did God create us? He created us for him. And it says that everything is consist of him. That mean he's in control of everything. That mean it's up to him to prepare us. It's not up to us to really prepare oursel. You see, and if we go to uh 57, stand still and see the salvation of the Lord. Paragraph 29, Brother Brand says, "It's not your battle. Just stand still. It's God's battle. Don't be flustered. Don't be upset. Stand still. We're living in a tremendous time. We're living in a great time." See, we're living in a tremendous time. It could be bad. We're living in a great time. It could be good depending on which side you stand. You see, the church should stand still now to receive the promises. Stand still and watch the glory of God. He's not the I was, he's the I am. He's the same. We're will just stand still as they did. The I am the same I am lives tonight. As we spoke, if those that um for those of us that either, you know, watch military stuff or documents or movies or whatever, I took RTC. Usually when a commander is ready to give an order, he you he will tell you to stand at ease, he will call you to attention that he tells you to stand at ease so he can give out a command to give out uh the commandment. And usually those commandment it will give you it's like a rubric or it's a plan of what either it's going to happen before the war or throughout the day. It's a plan and he's supposed to mentally prepare you for what's going to happen. See that mean the commander is mentally preparing you for what's to come. And the prophet says um in the water of separation 55 he says paragraph 11 now the separation Christ was the lamb of God slain from the foundation of the world. You believe it notice always he was the lamb slain figuratively God gave many. We've been taking this week many times where God made a figure speaking of Calvary. So this time when he God bringing his children out of the chaos see God who's bringing them out of the chaos of darkness of Egypt which Egypt represent the world he brought them out to take them to his promised land and on the road he was making preparations for everything that that they had need of. When they had need of something God had a preparation you see he had a preparation of it every single time God is walking. Every single time God plans something, he's the one who's making um preparation for it. If he tells you to go somewhere, that mean he already has everything pre-planned through his foreign knowledge. He already pre-planned everything. That mean you have nothing to worry about. Just rely upon him. And that's what faith is. Amen. And it continues in preparation. It says paragraph 88, now another thing. Well, now by my boy, I believe you're to become a minister. We will see the doctor and elder and all them and we'll give you the right hand of fellowship. We'll send you off to a seminary and we'll teach you all about this thing. Never that. No sir. That wasn't God's preparation. Over here, brother Brennham is talking about let's say um certain what people do would they would take a they would take let's see they see um a child and that they think a child has a gift in them. They would take them and they would take it upon themsel to start preparing that child. And brother Brandham said, "It's not up to you to prepare it." They would put them in seminaries to to uh train them. And when they do good, they're like, "You did good. Now you're getting somewhere." That they that's how they end up giving people fake Holy Ghost. You see, by prep by their own personal preparation, then they're going to start deming them that you have the Holy Ghost. But in reality, they do not. And brother Brandon said, "That's not how um that's not God's preparation." He said, "Wait in the city of Jerusalem until you're endued with the power from on high." And when the day of Pentecost is fully come, now Brother Bren is going to talk about how God prepares. He says, "But suddenly there came a sound from heaven like a rushing mighty wind. It filled all the house where they were setting." Hallelujah. Clothing tongue set upon them like fire. They were filled with the Holy Ghost. out into the streets and across the nation. Signs and wonders. They laid in the shadow of men and were healed. The critics made fun of them. You see those the Holy Ghost manifestation. That's God preparing his people. That was God's preparation. God hasn't changed his plan. That was that was to be until Jesus come back again. It sounds ridiculous to an ordinary man. You see it says all those signs of wonder is supposed to happen even in today till God comes again. You see it shouldn't have stopped just because at the 50s or um because of the day of the Pentecost and people say oh it's done then no it continues on throughout the ages and it says it sounds ridiculous to an ordinary man because God's thought the scripture say God's thoughts is higher than ours. We we are incapable of comprehending what God had planned. Amen. Because who would have thought Joseph going through uh what's it called? Joseph being sold would have brought him to be in a higher position. Us human, we couldn't have thought of that. You see, we would have found it strange. We would have been like, why did he do this? Why didn't uh what's it called? The um the the king's servant, Pharaoh's servant, why didn't he remember Joseph? Because if he would remember Joseph, maybe uh one the the dream wasn't there. So there wasn't any dream to uh what to call validate Joseph. So our thoughts limits us compared to God. You see? And brother Brandon continues in preparation paragraph 9. He says it's God's preparation time. God's preparing a people. And I believe tonight it's God's preparation time. And God is preparing a certain people through the preaching of his word. Amen. All you've got All you got faith have got faith. Raise your hands. Say, "I've got faith, brother Brandham. I believe it." But brother Brandon was not here. So you can say I have faith brother DM I believe it. You believe it's the preparation time. Don't notice your age. Don't notice your circumstance. Faith knows no age limit or circumstance. Faith knows one thing. God said so and that settles it. You see over here God faith you see God is the one who's preparing everything. And over here it says that faith has no age. I remember a a beloved asked me how do I prepare for my uh what's it called? For my sermons. They asked me, "How do you prepare? Is it when the pastor calls you and then after that you start looking and trying to align your stuff with uh what's being ministered?" I was like, "No." Usually how I prepare my stuff, I prepare it before I'm even called. As I'm walking, as I'm living, as I'm um studying the scripture, a thought will come and when the thought will come, I will take out my phone. I will put on my notes. And as I'm living my life, as I'm listening to the word, as I'm going to church and the word is being preached, what all all it does is God is giving me little uh notes and nuggets to add into my notes. And I and I start adding a little by little. I remember when I was um a little bit younger, a u believer had told me that a preacher should always have a material, should always have something to minister to a believer. And something within me was saying he's 100% correct. And that that same something was also telling me that it's not just for ministers. It's every believer should always have a material to minister to another believer. It doesn't matter if you're a child or you're old. At the time when I was young, I was like, well, I'm not a preacher, so let me just, you know, live that. I didn't think about that at the time. But every over here says faith has no age. See, if I had caught that revelation, I would have prepared it since then. That mean even you Elijah, you can start preparing right now. You can minister to your friends. You see, faith has no age. That's right. And brother Brandon continues in Elijah 53 paragraph 47 says and said it's not going to even be due fall from heaven till I call for it. Well, I imagine the king said, "Well, who are you?" But he knowed what he was talking about. He know the word of the Lord. That's the reason ministers today and everything keep telling you to prepare to meet God because they know the word of the Lord and know these are warnings everywhere. You see that's why ministers are telling you to prepare to meet God. And how do you prepare to meet God? You prepare to meet God by reading your Bible. But you prepare to meet God by reading the message of the hour. You prepare to meet God. When minister comes and start ministering, they will tell you to take this off, to take this off, to put this on. All of those are are preparation. They're preparation. That's God is the one who's preparing you through your pastor. God is preparing you to your pastor. So if you're forsaking them, you're forsaking God. And it says famine and pasteland and earthquake and so forth. He said all these things, all these are the beginning of sorrow. Then they shall deliver you up and you shall be hated of all the nation for my name's sake. See, God is preparing because there's a great famine that's happening. And there's a great there's a greater famine that's coming and God is preparing you for that. And if you don't have the right preparation for it, you will find yourself in the wrong side. Remember I said there's God's preparation, there's our preparation. And there's good and bad in each in each side. When God is preparing his children, he prepares them right. And his thoughts are he prepares them with an expected end, a good thought. You see, he prepares you with good intentions. But let's say if it's the um the child of the devil, he gives you free will. That free will is the devil who's going to use it to prepare you for a uh what's it called? For a condition that's for a condition ready to uh for destruction because brother Brandham said that the world before anything happens. They have to be in the atmosphere in the condition for for that thing to happen. So if the world seems like everything is in chaos, I mean they're preparing themselves for the tribulation. God is let is letting the devil roam free to prepare the people of this world for the tribulation. And God is also letting his spirit roam free in the church to prepare his bride, his children for the rapture. And brother Brand saying, "Believe thou paragraph 31. But just before his birth, God always makes a preparation for things." Don't you believe? Don't you believe that? I want you to listen close. I believe today with all my heart. Now, this is just Brother Brandham speaking. See, a lot of people when they says this is just Brother Brandon speaking, they're thinking, "Well, it's just the prophet's opinion, so I shouldn't take that." You because uh what's it called? Paul had an opinion he put in the Bible and that it was written. You see, because I was reading the um I was reading Paul when he was speaking about he was basically speaking about marriage and divorce and I think he was like I I prefer if any also you're going through trials and everything. I would prefer for you to not u divorce and he said it was his opinion and when I looked at it I went back to Genesis and I looked when Adam and Eve they went through a trial um the scripture says Adam was not deceived. He willingly sinned. That mean he chose when Eve when they were going through trials instead of forsaking his wife he chose his wife. Even when God came he chose his wife. He said that's the one that you gave me. He chose he identified himself with his wife. You see? And when I read that and when I remembered I was like Paul was taking his inspiration from Genesis. So when he gave his opinion it wasn't really his opin his his opinion. It was inspired by the story in Genesis. So when brother Brandham says it's brother Brandham speaking and I believe because a lot of people use the term I believe or I think as a filler word but in reality that's not it's not really oh I think but it's actually something that they they're saying and God over here is talking and also brother Brandon saying I believe it's not brother Brandon speaking but it's God through brother Brandham he says I believe that the things that you see are taking place now is a preparation. God is preparing something just before a climax. God always warns the world and then if they won't will not receive the warning, then there's only one thing left, which is judgment. Because a lot of people ask, well, why are so and so judging me? Did you listen to the warning that they gave you? A lot of people saying, well, God is a bad God. Oh, there why is he judging people and sending people to the lake fire and all that? Did you listen to the preparation that he made? Did you listen to the warnings that he g he made? Because even um in the story of um Abel and Cain, God came to Cain, the enemies at the door. He warned Cain. He gave him a warning. So don't be surprised when God don't be surprised when you see the mark of the beast on you because God gave you a warning to prevent you from having the mark of the beast. But you're the one who's not listening. That's the big difference. The issue is not God, but the issue is you as an individual not listening to God's preparation. Now, the prophet continues says, "Noah warned the world, and they would not receive it. And all through the ages, God's always warned. God always warns. He sends mercy. And if there's per mercy, if there's per mercy, there's nothing else left but judgment. Because if you remove mercy, nothing else is left but judgment. But then the merciful father will send you mercy first. Isn't that just a beautiful picture of love? Paragraph 34 says, "God has always had angels, ministering spirits." Because the prophet said throughout the church ages, Christ, the spirit of Christ is going through the church ages picking his bride, picking his bride, picking his witnesses, preparing his bride. You see? Amen. Do you believe it? Angels don't die. What was what was happening? God was just fixing to do something on earth. So before he always does something, he sent an announcement. Remember it said stand still and receive your promises. Before God always does anything, he sends his announcement. He will tell you to stand still and listen to what he's saying. And that when he's telling you to stand still and listen to your promises, that's God giving his announcement to you. You see, and you need to listen to that. Amen. Amen. And in preparation in 21, paragraph 21, brother Brandon says, "Now God in the beginning when Adam and Eve, man was always man has always tried to prepare himself like like uh what's it called? The womens that were selected for in the time of Esther, they were preparing themselves. They told him they brought him to the location. They saw everything that was there. That's why it was nice and they automatically started preparing themselves. See, it's like a default mechanism for humans to always prepare themsel. Oh yes sir. He tries to prepare himself. When he first s in the beginning, the first thing you know he went out and prepared himself an apron fig leaves prepared it around him. He's making himself. Now the word religion means covering. And Adam and Eve made themselves a religion, a covering. But when God called them and they had to stand face to face with God, they realized that their man-made religion wasn't good enough, they realized that their man-made preparation wasn't good enough. Because many came in front of Jesus say, "Well, Jesus, we prophesied in your name and everything." And Jesus say, "I never knew you." Because they thought they were righteous by their own righteousness. They thought they were prepared. They thought they were ready by their own preparations. You see? And it says, "And if you're anything short of the Holy Spirit and death strikes your body, you'll find out that man-made religion won't stand in the time of death." Just like the uh the rich young ruler when he had died, he found himself in hell. At that day, he started pleading say, "Oh, can you send uh Lazarus? Can you send someone over there? Can you send someone? If if my family could just see someone rise from the dead, they would believe." and stuff like that. And in nowadays, like that's the scripture that say if they see someone rise from the dead, they will believe. How about today? Exactly. Jesus Christ rise from the dead. And there's many that don't believe. And the prophet continues. He says it it will tell when you get down at the be at at the end of the road. So the best thing to do is make preparation for it right now. He didn't say make it later on. He said make it right now. Get the things straightened up. Get right with God. Get right with God right now. And you get right with God by the preaching of the word, by listening the word. And the prophet says, "Now notice if wrap herself up in some figs and Adam." See, I like the part where it says and Adam because a lot of people like to put pressures on the sisters and they tend to forget the brothers. A lot see me growing up in the message, they always say, "Oh, brothers, listen to the message. Listen to the message. Listen to the tape." And they don't really enforce it on the sisters. And when they don't enforce it on the sisters, when the sister grow up and that the sister is not dressing well based on the word that they start blaming the sister and putting pressure on the sister. You see, how are you going to put pressure on the sister when you did not enforce them and you did not tell them to stay with the word against their youth? You see the same thing with um the same thing with Eve. How are you going to how are you going to blame Eve for uh what's it called? going and taking bite of the apple. She was just a little kid taking bite of the uh the fruit the the tree of knowledge and evil. How can you blame Eve? She was young. She was just it was Adam's responsibility to take care of her. It was Adam's responsibility to prepare her. You see, so you can't just keep forcing because brother Brand said that the responsibility of the children is is on the mother. The mother will take accountability for it. So the mother is supposed to train the children in the ways of the Lord. They're supposed to train them. And when they train the children, they're not telling the mother to train only the boys, but also to train the children. That mean male and female. You train both of them in the in the fear of the Lord. And and the thing is, since the uh husband is the head, that mean if the mother is not doing something right, her uh failure will fall upon you. Because God came and said Adam. He didn't say Eve. He went to Adam. That mean the the head is supposed to be in charge to keeping the wife in check and the wife is supposed to keep the children in check. It's a whole hierarchy and it's a whole order. And the prophet says, "But when it come time for the face of um to face God, they prepare they were um condemned. They realized that they realized that that man-made religion wouldn't work." Right? So when God called them now how true it is today when God was when God had prepared himself to speak to Adam and Adam in in a man-made way was trying to prepare himself to speak to God. But God had to prepare Adam to speak to him. See God right now is preparing a bride to speak to him. God right now is preparing a bride to come and commune, have fellowship with him. You see, it's not us preparing oursel, but it's God who's preparing us through the word. God is preparing us through the messenger, through your local pastors also. He's also preparing us through your own um parents and your peers and it continued. So in order to do that, they began to pass the bucket one to another once in the old street expression say, "Oh, it wasn't me. It was so and so." And then what happened? God went out and got some skins and made them aprons. See, God didn't even listen to them blaming each other. It's kind of like uh the prodigal son where he came and that he start blaming himself. He was like, "I did this and this." And the father wasn't listening to them. That's right. And the father wasn't listening to them. That's right. And since the father the father wasn't listening to what uh what's it called the prodigal son was saying and I think he automatically start preparing everything. He start started preparing um uh calling the servants and everything to wash him kind of like kind of like uh what's it called in this age God prepared a servant to come and speak to to the word and by the preaching of the word you're being washed and you're being prepared to come into your position. That's right. And the prophet continues and says, "Then when I can hear going down along that path through the Garden of Eden, something like this," Brother Brand claps, "what is it? Bloody ship slapping on Adam's leg as he went down. Then I could see all the great spaceless eternity come forming down like a funnel to four letter um to four letter letter L O V E. He loved his children so much till he couldn't turn them away. See that is just love because God didn't have to do it but he did it. He wasn't obligated to do it but he chose to do it. Why? Because he loved you. That the the purpose why he even said that his thoughts for you it's of an expected end. It's of something good. It's good. Why? Because he loves you. You You're not going to have uh what's it called? You're not going to prepare something evil for someone that you love. You see, you make sure everything that you prepare it sweet and lovely. And the prophet continues says, "Then I hear him say, "Stop. I'll put immity between thy seed and the serpent seed, promising a redeemer." God making preparation to redeem. You see when when humanity had fallen because of sin, God had already prepared a remedy. God had already prepared a solution. You see? And the prophet goes, "What is it?" God's prepared lamb from the foundation of the world, going yonder to die for sinners like you and me. God making ready a preparation. God preparation that would cleanse the heart of sinful men and redeem him back to himself. It's God who's redeeming. God preparing, getting ready. No, no other way could um no other way could be done. How ridiculous his way seem. Come on. See, God is the one who's preparing us through uh what's it called? God is the one who's preparing us through the cleansing of our heart. And that's the first step that God does. He cleans your heart because if you remember in Ezekiel he said he will give you a heart of flesh. He will give you a new heart then a new spirit then his spirit. The first thing that he works with is the heart. He tries to deal with that old nature. You see that's and he says how ridiculous is his way that he's way sin. Can you imagine a little child like David God um a little child like David taking care of sheeps when he has older brothers. When a person looks at it, they'll be like, "Why did God permit him to do that?" But they couldn't see the greater project. They couldn't see the the bigger picture. They couldn't see the panorama picture that the position that God had for him, the purpose that God had for David. They couldn't see that because when we look at it, we're saying, "Well, he's just a little boy. He should stay at home. He should play games. He should stay at home. He should uh what's it called? Go outside and play with his friends." You see? But God had other plans. God had to prepare him. That's why that's why I also find it funny because when when David was talking to Samuel and he was like let me go over there and fight Goliath and Samuel was like he was he said why would you want to go fight him he was what's it called a man of war since his youth he was a warrior since his youth and David was in his youth so if he was a man of war since his youth then when if you're if you don't want to let David to start right now how is he how is he going to be a man of war since his youth youth cuz he had to start from his youth also. You see, he needs you can't do anything without first having a beginning. It's starting. You see? And somebody say, "Well, why don't you just why didn't God just say say a certain thing? Why didn't he just put the leaves around?" Men can never understand God. You just got to believe what God says. Man, men can never understand what God has to say because his thoughts is way above ours because I had someone ask me, "Why do you uh what's it called? Listen to preachers. Why do you read the Bible? Why do you listen to uh what's it called the message and stuff?" And he was like, "If God is real, wouldn't you just don't you uh wouldn't you not need preachers? Wouldn't you just live your life and God minister to you and stuff like that? Wouldn't you just go from there?" And I and I ask him, I was like, "Why do you need textbook? Why do you need science books?" and all those why do you need it because take take it from this perspective let's say um I started building a plane and after I got to a certain part and I failed I couldn't build the plane fully if I had to write any note or let's say I I wrote notes and you come in and you start building a plane and you start from scratch you might stop a little bit ahead of me or write write um where I stopped or you might not even reach where I stopped but if you took the notes that I had of my failure and my success Yes. And you go from that. No, you will not start from scratch, but you will start where I stopped. That's where you're going to start and you will keep going. You see, and that person couldn't understand that. That's why I told him that God put all those thing orchestrated those orchestrated put the messengers and gave you brother Brandham and told you go from where brother Brandham stopped. Read the read the message and go where brother Brandham stop and keep going on. You see, because God had a preparation for you that if you take the word of God and you go from where he stopped, you will arrive somewhere greater. And brother Brand continues in the waters of separation 1955 paragraph 5 says now in this great journey that the children of Israel was in at the time of the setting of this passage we have under consideration now was when Moses had went down in Egypt and had brought the children of Israel out. God in his mercy was making preparation of how that he could make a way for his people when after they had sinned to be reconciled again back to him. Wonderful, beautiful picture. See, God was preparing uh Moses to deliver the children of Israel because when uh Moses attempted to deliver them by himself, he failed. Then later on, God came in. God brought him to the mountain and God started preparing him. He said, "Put your arm in your boss after take it out and he said, "Toss the uh your staff." He turns to a snake. God was preparing him for the miracles that he will do over there. Without that preparation in the mountain, without him having that preparation, he would not be able to know what he's capable of doing. He would go in front of Pharaoh, then he wouldn't know what to do. He wouldn't know what miracles to do to demonstrate to set the people out. That's why God had prepared him to go and set the people out. And uh Moses didn't prepare himself because when God called him, he even told God, uh I I can't speak. I have I have no words in my mouth. I have like a speech impediment. I can't speak. So you come in and you speak. You be with me. You go with me. So God was was preparing it. Now I want you to see it. as Moses went down to deliver the children of Israel, how God worked miracles. The people had got into a time just about like they are now, just like today. By the way, their journey from Egypt to Palestine was a type of the church in its journey today. They were led naturally. We are led spiritually. I know many teachers of the school say that the promised land was represented in was represented heaven. But I think it represents the millennium because they had wars and troubles still and in in the promised land there in the promised land there shouldn't be any war and and tribulation. And the other things when I was when I was reading this when I was reviewing this the other thing that stuck out to me he said that brother said that uh what's it called? I think it represents the millennium because they had wars and troubles. And when I read that because they had wars and trouble, that reminded me when they got out of Egypt, God could have brought them to their destination easily and quick, but their faith wasn't there. So God had to prepare their faith, had to boost their faith. And not only that, they came out of Egypt as slaves. So they they have no experience of fighting. So God pulled them to the trials so they could fight. That way when they once they arrive at the promised land, they could also defend their promised land. So God was preparing them to also defend their own land. You see, as they're walking, as they're journeying through their habitation, their holy habitation, but there's as they're journeying to the promised land, God is preparing them to also um protect their own promised land. You see? Amen. Because if God had brought them um if God had brought them directly to the promised land, they have no experience on how to fight. They have no experience on how to fend off the enemy, how to um gain land. They have no experience of that. So God had to take them through a a reroute, a reroute. It's not that God because sometimes in our life God would take us to a reroute. He would just reroute us. It's not that he's not that he's taking you away from your promises. He's just making you circle a little bit because you need a long you need more time for preparation. You're not ready yet. So he would take you the longer route. And in 55, brother Brandon continue paragraph 12. He says, "I want you to notice they went up a mixed multitude and that and that caused trouble among them as they got up there." See, the worst is the mixed multitude. Because as someone that's not a believer, you already know he doesn't believe. You might as well keep walking. Because my father always told me, "You can't argue with a fool. If you argue with a fool, you're worse than a fool." Because the fool can never understand what you're talking about. You see? So, a mixed multitude, there's someone that's there in disguise to trick you. And when the devil all he needs to to just plant a seed of doubt in you and he will come back later on to see that seed of doubt and if that seed of doubt is still there and you have not erased it. If that seed of doubt is still there it will sprout. It will sprout and brother Bren continues that the mo mixed multitude they they caused trouble among them as they got up there. God in his servant in his sovereign mercy not willing that any should perish. See God so loved the world that he did not he did not want to lose any of us. That's why the the word even came to say that many are called. The the scripture says that grace appears to all but not all receive grace because grace will come to you. It appears to everyone. The word is ministered to everyone. I had a coworker and after I spoke to him about brother Brenham, he say he heard of brother Brennham but he's not in there. He's not he was he heard the word but he's not he did not receive it. You see because many are called but not but few are uh what's it called? Chosen. And it continues says not willing that any should perish because that's the love of God but that all might come to repentance. always makes prep makes a preparation of a way of escape for those who desire to come by the way of escape. See the preparation that God makes is for those who desire to escape. That mean you have to have a desire in you and that desire in you is something that God had placed in you. God has to put that desire in you to come to him because human in our own will we will not desire God. When we look at the ways of God, we say it's too harsh. Because when uh God wanted to talk to Israel, the Israelite children, he said he wanted them to uh speak, he wanted to speak to his people. The people were scared and they said, "No, Moses, you go talk to God." You see, Moses, you go to talk to God because they were scared. And brother Brandon continues, he says, "He did it in the anti-oluvian world. He did a in the days of the calling out of Noah or Moses rather calling out of the Israel. He did a in the days of the Lord Jesus and he's doing it yet today just before just before the judgments are to strike the world. Yes sir. God is calling out a people those who are willing to walk and take God's preparation how to escape the wrath that's coming upon the earth. Yes, sir. I trust that none that's in the divine presence tonight or will be that mean tonight as in the div see brother Brandham did not say that I trust that none that's in this building tonight he said that's in the divine presence tonight because this building is not the thing that saves you this building is not the thing that brings you closer to God but when you enter into the divine presence of God you enter into Christ that's the thing that saves you that's why he say I trust that none that's in the divine divine presence tonight or will be will ever have to stay here and suffer through the great wrath of God. That's soon to come on the earth that there's no way of all of escaping it. See, there's no other way beside that way of escaping it. You have to reach that divine presence of God. Amen. Amen. And brother Brandon continues says in 8 paragraph 81 of God's provided way 1956, "If you were going to take your child to a party of some of some sort, would you not prepare it and get its dress ready and so forth or its little suit, whatever the child might be, boy or girl, you would make arrangement. That's it. You would make arrangement for that. Excuse me. Excuse me. Uh he will make arrangement for that just as now. Brother Brandon say he was uh brother Brandon himself identified himself of uh being a typologist. He say he did not have education. So the only way that he can explain it is by typing it. So over here brother Brandham is typing God's preparation to the way we prepare things. He's using that as an example so we can understand it because remember God's thought it's way higher than us. So the way that we can at least try to understand even a fraction of the way God thinks is by using examples that God let us experience. You see and he continues says if you were going to entertain to entertain company would not for dinner would not you first get your dinner made ready. Four, you make ready for these things. Just as you make ready for the things of the Lord, you make ready for these great blessings that comes that you can give to people. That's right. Just like uh ministers, they make ready to give blessing to people. You see, they have to prepare themselves. They have to prepare their uh service. Don't you like to entertain people? Do not do not you like to go out and take people to your home and entertain them to you clean up everything. You fix everything. Yes, sir. You put a little flower over here. This is just the way this is just the way they would like it. You fix a little thing here. Now I see they are they like this. And so you fix you would fix it. Just making arrangements. And I know that they like this kind of meat. So you prepare that meat real spicy and real nice. You see you prepare it the way they like it say because and if you can't feel that you do it you get somebody else come to do it who can do it better. You are making arrangements preparations for something because you want your guest to be highly entertained. You want them highly entertained. Brother Brandon said God hate sunrise. Sometimes he want his children, he want his children to have the best. And the best that God has for us is the Holy Ghost. Because if you remember when we were going through when the word was coming forth and teaching us about prayer that about our daily bread about our daily bread could be anything. It could go from the littlest thing as gift, food, money. And after the highest gift that the daily bread can represent is the Holy Ghost, the best. And God always prepared the best for his children. And he said, "So he made the preparations." That's right. He foreshadowed it through the prophets. He revealed it in Christ. And the table is set today. He said today. Amen. And every every man and woman that's invited has a welcome to come to this table. For he was wounded for our transgression. And with his trust we are healed. It's all foreseen. It's provided and prepared. The meal is ready. The call is given for he foraw. He prep he he made preparation. It's God's provided way for you. When your souls are ready. I mean when your souls are hungry. Because if you remember when you go to the tabernacle, there's also a table of the showbread. There's a table that's already ready. All you have to do just go and eat. See the the table represented the church ages where you go and after you uh the candlestick represented the church ages but the table represented where you go and eat the word that um that the messenger of your time gave forth. You go and you feed on that. And over here saying that God had already he already prepared the table. He already sent the call like the virgin bride. He already sent the call. Right. And Kikot says, "Now preparation." God before he does anything, he always makes a prepare for it. He always prepares for it. He How could we? As it's spoke in the Bible, if we before we could go over to fight a war, remember first we have to prepare for that war. Remember, we're a soldier of Christ. We have to prepare for that war. So, let's find out how we prepare for that war. If you're going to get married, why you prepare for that time? See, whenever you That's why we're having courtship and stuff like that. Those are preparation. Courtship supposed to prepare you and form you so when you get into marriage so that way you can have you can know what to expect. You see, that's what courtship is for. You You're supposed to plant the seed, the seed of God, the seed of the word in courtship. That way that seed you will reap what you sow at the beginning throughout as you walk into your marriage life. You see that's how God is preparing and you have preparations and before you come to church you made preparations and the ambulance to bring you or your loved one to bring you or you had to get a certain amount of money ready before you could come. It's preparation. All of those is preparation. And God is always and God is always prepares the people for the events that's just about to happen. Just like the rapture is just about to happen. And God is preparing his people to step into their position. And just like the tribulation is also about to happen. And God is preparing the world for their um position in the tribulation. You see, and and some of God's preparation has been so ridiculous to the people who depend on the tree of knowledge. God's preparation has been absolutely ridiculous to the natural mind cuz the natural mind can't conceive the things that are of God because they are foolish to him and he just thinks it's horrible to think of why why God would do it. Amen. Amen. And brother Brand continues in in Elijah, he says, "What are we going to do?" No wonder God shut off. No wonder we ought to get ready. See, we have to get ready because we also have our parts that we have to do to get ready. We have to get ready. I believe over in Amos, he said, "Prepare to meet God, oh Israel, being that you wouldn't hear the message and so forth said prepare." And if and if there ever was a time that the world ought to be preparing for the second coming of Christ is now. Hear it. You prepare for wedding. You say why I must prepare. Why must I start to get ready to meet God? Preacher, what are you speaking? You preparing for a wedding, you can be disappointed because you can prepare for a wedding and after that you're preparing for that at on the last minute. find out that the man was not what you expected or the wife was not the woman was not what you expected. See, and after the wedding could get cancelled, you could be in courtship and after you were you had um you're preparing for or you prepare for your marriage and after you get in marriage and after that you're disappointed or everything else that you've seen people showing and after you're disappointed because you're not seeing what people were displaying in your own marriage, you will be disappointed. There are certain things that we're we think for example a party you can prepare a party and after that people come into the party and let's say the party supposed to start at 3:00 and that starts at 6:00. See you're you are you will be disappointed. You see because you came you were prepared. You prepared yourself. You even came 30 minutes at a time and after you arrive there and after you find that it didn't even start yet. See you're disappointed. And the prophet saying that in our own way we're this we will get disappointed in our own preparation. And he continued, yes sir, you can say I prepare for a great meeting somewhere or something or something another you can be disappointed in that. But there's one preparation that you're not going to be disappointed. That's you. That's you got to meet God. Every one of you. Every one of you. You've got to meet God. So, so what m So, what makes me think? Every time I know, see a gray hair. It speaks to me. I must get ready to meet God. Every time I hear a siren, I know that I must meet God. It's preparation time. Every time I hear of every time I hear of a death or anything, it's preparation time. God's preparing. And when you're And when you see those things to see to see you sickness to and see the doctor's office, you see those things. It's a warning. Prepare to meet God for it's it's for it's at hand. See, the prophet is saying that every single time he sees certain sign, he says that it's preparing him. And to him it just it's just a reminder to him to prepare to get ready because something great is about to happen. Something is fixing to happen. Because I remember a beloved had asked me uh what's it called? How is life? And I was like oh life is interesting. Then they kept insisting oh how is life interesting and I only say interesting because well I guess I wanted to dodge the question I guess in some sense. Then I was like I don't know. Then they were like well you're the one who answered it. Then I say it was inspiration that came. They were like, "That's even better. I'm trying to get out of the question." That they're pulling me back into it. And then I said, "The reason why life was interesting was because of the Bible. The Bible made life interesting." That they were like, "Leave the Bible alone." Then something came to me and say, "Why would you leave the Bible alone? The Bible says life is Jesus Christ." Jesus is life. So you can't leave it alone. So I was like, "Life is Jesus." Then he was like, "What did you read in the scripture that made life interesting?" And the thing is whenever you're reading a scripture and you're reading the you can also apply in the message whenever you're reading a scripture that that scripture can be applied to so many avenues in your life and the fact that it can be applied to so many avenues in your life. It's supposed to be preparing you. It's supposed to remind you that something is fixing to happen. And by it reminding you something is fixing to happen, it will make your life more fun. It will make your life more interesting. It will make your life more enjoyable. It'll make your life more enjoyable. Now, the prophet says in preparation, paragraph 33, God in his preparation, back when God was going to destroy the world before he destroyed the world, he sent forth a preparation for the saving of the people that desired to be saved. He always does it. He shows mercy before judgment. So, you have to have that desire in you. You have to have that seed in you for you to even be saved. Amen. In the last days, I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy upon my handmmaids and maid servants will I pour out my spirit. I'll show signs in the in the heaven above and in the earth below. Pillar of fire, vapors of smoke. Your old men shall dream dreams. Your young men shall see vision. Is that right? How how's he going to do it? I don't know. But we're going to but we're going to take place. I mean, we're going to take over. We don't need to worry about how God that's what faith is. We don't need to worry about how it's going to be done. Just like just like when my sister had told me, take the pot, put water, and put it in the stove. My body, I didn't even think about how the energy or the power was going to come going to uh what's it called? Return. What I did was just walked and I placed it there. The same thing when I walked to the fridge, that was all faith operating. I just went and I open. I did not expect how the energy was going to come because later on I even received the text that had told me that the energy was going to be restored at 400 p.m. But we were still around like 1 um 1:00 p.m. So the energy came back sooner because of faith because all I did was just open it that faith activated. Faith started the energy back up. And just to try to close, there's a perfect type of Christ and the church, Elijah, a type of Christ, the the mighty prophet of God. And notice just before his going away, knowing that he was he was to go away. He didn't leave the nation without witness. He made preparation for a man to take his place. God's witness. How beautiful. Christ did the same thing before he left. As God's witness, he made preparation of a church and ordained that they would witness. They would be witnesses all the way through the church age plump to the end of the world. And God is preparing a church today. And he's preparing you to the preaching of the word. And he's preparing if uh musician could start coming if he will prepare. He's preparing you to the preaching of the word. God is telling you that he's the one who's preparing everything. It's nothing that you need to do. There's no works that you need to be working because humans when certain pressure comes or certain things come humans wants to prepare themsel as the prophet said they want to prepare themselves and God is telling you that you don't need to worry about that. He's the one who made preparation. In fact, God let you prepare yourself and let you fail and fall so he can show you that your ways is wrong. So he can show you that his ways is better, that his thoughts are better for you. Amen. And if the congregation can stand, if we could go to the Lord in prayer, if you could bow our heart. Lord, heavenly father, I thank you, Lord God, for everything that you've been doing. I thank you Lord Jesus Christ for preparing us Lord heavenly father for sending out a message Lord Jesus Christ. I thank you for sending out a message of preparation. Sending a message, Lord Jesus Christ, to get us ready, Lord, heavenly father, to get us ready for when you come, Lord Jesus Christ. You you're preparing us, Lord, heavenly father, so we can be a reflection of you, Lord heavenly father. That when we look at the scripture, Lord Heavenly Father, that we're supposed to see oursel as we're seeing you, we're supposed to also see oursel, Lord God. When we see you, we're supposed to see us, Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord God, before even sin, Lord Jesus Christ, could enter, you already prepared a sacrifice, Lord God. And then you you manifested that sacrifice in Calvary Lord heavenly father. You prepare that sacrifice to erase our sins, Lord Jesus Christ. To erase us, Lord Jesus Christ. To erase that thought, Lord Jesus Christ, that that that keeps coming upon us that telling us, "Well, you're s you're sinner." You erase that, Lord Jesus Christ. And after that, you covered us with your own covering, Lord Jesus Christ. And that whenever you come and you're looking at us, you're not looking at us through ours our own preparation, but you're looking at us through your preparation. And I pray, Lord, heavenly father, that you may help us be obedient to the word. Help us be obedient to your word and listen to your word. Let help us just let your word prepare us Lord Jesus Christ. H help us let your word prepare us and condition us Lord Jesus Christ for your glory to come Lord heavenly father. I bend and remaining of the service unto you Lord Jesus Christ. If anything that may have left out Lord Jesus Christ may you speak to your children Lord Jesus Christ. May you just be with them Lord heavenly father and may you prepare them. May their preparation not just stop here Lord heavenly father. For the scriptures say Lord Jesus Christ you're preparing us on our way. That mean as we're traveling, Lord Jesus Christ, as we're going from Sunday to Sunday, Wednesday to Wednesday, may you continue and prepare us, prepare us for the next service, prepare for the next service until one day Lord Heavenly Father, when these doors are closed, Lord Jesus Christ, we'll be Lord Heavenly Father, up in heaven with you, Lord Jesus Christ, and we'll be fellowshipping with you, Lord Jesus Christ. And we'll continue, Lord Jesus, to fellowship with you. Prepare us, Lord, heavenly father, to accept you, Lord Jesus Christ. Prepare us, Lord heavenly father, to just for your for your will to be done in us. prepare us for your glory to be manifested in us, Lord heavenly father. That is the that is the desire that I'm asking, Lord God, that you may prepare us for. That's what you even sent the Holy Ghost for, Lord Jesus Christ. You sent the Holy Ghost to prepare us, Lord. Heavenly Father, you send the Holy Ghost to reinforce us, Lord heavenly father. You send the Holy Ghost to condition us, to make the atmosphere ready for your coming, Lord heavenly father, you send the Holy Ghost for that sole purpose of preparation, Lord Jesus Christ. And I thank you for everything and I thank you through everything. In Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. God bless you church. If the pastor could come for [Applause] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Amen. You heard the message nice and clear. It's about preparation. Amen. Preparation. If you look at the world and everything that is going on in the world and if you don't see a preparation time, I don't know what to tell you. Amen. Everything is upside and down. There are certain things I cannot speak here because I'm on YouTube. Maybe when I'm in question and answer then I can dig and you will see what is happening. It's a mess all around. Because the hope of this world is not in a man. That's right. It is not in a country. It is not in a party. It is not in whatever you think. The hope, the only hope is in Jesus Christ. If you take Jesus Christ out, sometime it's amazing how I see believers sucked in in politics. Exactly. And you just shake your head. You say, "What is wrong? What are you expecting? Amen. You yourself, you cannot do good to your brother. And I don't know what you're expecting some other people to do to you. Put your faith in the Lord. Amen. It is a time of preparation. Amen. Preparation. Preparation. Preparation. You know, technology is getting so fancy. Yes, I got my clicker that I usually hold it like this. But if you notice, he get a clicker like a ring. So, he's not married yet. It was a clicker. [Laughter] So, just in case you wonder what was in the finger, the brother is wearing a ring. He's not wearing a ring. It was just a clicker that looks like a ring and you clicking as you're moving on. So, I just want to clarify the air so nobody think like he's wearing a ring. Amen. Amen. Glory. Glory to God. I like when he said the guests need to be highly entertained. I need to read that again. In an oncoming meeting, the guests need to be highly entertained. Amen. And he say in courtship, you need to put a seed. I'm like, I have not even started a courtship with you folks. Now you already know what to do. But I know he was one of the one that went to the sister and keep knocking at his own sister to tell them what I mean to ask what did the sister learn over there. So I already cut my he doesn't want to look at he went to the sister can you tell me what is going I say hold on your time is coming up. Amen. Remember the preparation of the Lord. God sent a message to prepare. as John the Baptist that was the commission of this message. Amen. Was sent to prepare. This message was sent to prepare us. That's why there is nothing we can uphold in this church but the word the message of the hour. Stay with the message of the hour. Give yourself to the message of the hour. Stay focused with the message of the hour. This message has been proven and no matter what is happening, God is vindicated. his message on uh February the 28th, 7 Planet Align. No, no one want to talk about it. The critic about this message don't want to say anything. They don't want to say anything because they know something is happening. It is clear as clear. I I don't I don't even know what to say. It's there. This pope is dead. Now they kind of watching again. How many son do you want to see? Hallelujah. The woman with a purple garment. This is the second trump. What? What else do you want to see to get your life straightened up? What else? There will be war, rumors of war, all type of stuff, famine, everything all over the world. What else do you want to see? Amen. Amen. We are worshiping one God and his name is the Lord Jesus Christ. It's not three God, it's one. His name is the Lord Jesus Christ. and that God loves you and he made preparation for you. Church, the best that I can do. Let's get focused with the word. Parent, let's get focused with the word. Daddy, get focused to the word. Mommy, get focused to the word. Amen. The word will take you through. Brother Brandham say the same camel that Rebecca was giving water was the camel that took Rebecca all the way in. In one place he said the camel was the holy spirit. In one place he said the camel was the word because the spirit and the word are one. Amen. Remember God is coming. Let's pray. Heavenly father Lord we approaching you again humbly tonight. Father we thank you for your grace, your love, your mercy for speaking not only to us but to the invisible audience about the preparation. Father, preparation goes to many aspect of our life. Even before we wake up in the morning, we prepare. We are preparing our phone. We are preparing the children for school. We're preparing the clothing we will be wearing. We're preparing our car. So many things. There is nothing pretty much in our life that we don't approach it without a preparation, Lord. Father, we pray, Lord, Father, for the greatest preparation that none of us here Lord Father be distracted from it, Lord. But as the day is going by, may we remember at any time like your prophet say when we hear about a death, a siren going on or somebody getting sick or a war somewhere, we just remember the Lord is coming. We need to get prepared, Lord. Father, protect us as we go into our respective place. May you give us travel mercy. May you strengthen your man's servant. May you be with us Lord and continue to work in this church in a powerful way as we committing the remaining of the week unto our hand and humbly ask it father in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead. Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanuary, pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving, I'll be a waiting sanctuary for you. Lord, prepare me. Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. With thanksgiving, I'll be a [Music] living [Music] sanctuary for you. Prepare me. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Pure and holy, dry and true. With thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you. One more time. Lord, be grant me. Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary for [Music] you. [Music] Sing one more time. Lord prepare me. Lord, we pray to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, try and true with I'll be a living [Music] Thank you for one more time. Lord prepare me. Lord prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary pure and [Music] holy shine and true with thanks. I'll be a sanctuary for you. [Music]
