################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 62 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-25
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 62 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1O5lmQjV2GA
========================================

Now you believe that we have to be in Christ in Christ. We have to be of Christ. In Christ, part of Christ. What is a woman when she takes a man or a man takes a woman? That woman has to be part of him. They're no longer two. They're one. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I'm kind of s for the country to which I dare will be for Oh, sad goodbye will there be [Music] spoken and time won't [Applause] [Music] more. you. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday on the [Music] I shall be eternal. [Music] Oh, you [Applause] love sweet. [Music] I'm [Music] looking across that old river. to where my faith will end inside. [Music] It's just a few, oh, for days to labor and may [Music] I be [Music] [Applause] You I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday [Music] only my home shall [Music] eternal [Music] you [Music] sweet land [Music] I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday on thee I'll stand. [Music] There my home shall be [Music] eternal [Music] land sweet [Music] You I'm going for you. And someday [Music] on where my home shall be. [Music] You [Applause] love sweet [Music] you. Oh Lord God, Lord, the yearning, Lord, and the the groaning, Lord, as the Bible puts it, Lord, grows every day, Lord God, just to be there with you, Lord God. We know that you're here with us, Lord, but that's the marriage land, Lord God. And this is just a desire, Lord, that just grows stronger every day in our hearts, Lord, and in our soul, Lord, just to get out of this world, Lord, and to be with you eternally, Lord God. We know that you're preparing our homes, Lord. And we thank you, Father. We thank you for everything, every bit of everything that you do for us every day, Lord. And we're grateful, Lord, this morning that we can gather together once again and worship you, Lord. We've come, Lord, and we're asking that you give us today, Lord, this day our daily bread, Lord God. Bless our pastor, Lord, as he's preparing that bread to bring us, Lord God. That you and he probably stayed up to the wee hours of the morning together, Lord, putting it together and baking it and just making it just right for us, Lord God. And we thank you, Father. Bless our precious musicians, Lord, and our singers, Lord, and our technicians, Lord, that just want to make everything just perfect, Lord. We want this to be a perfect service for you, Lord God. Everything that is sung, everything that is spoken, every key that's touched on the instruments, Lord, it's for your glory, Lord God. And we just want to give it all to you, Lord. And then we have our precious congregation. Lord, that the which is the purchase of the blood that was shed at Calvary, Lord, before many of us were even aware of it, Lord, while we were yet doing our foolish things, Lord, you died for us, Lord, on that cross. And you rose again, Lord, to show us, Lord, that there's a resurrection coming. You were the first of that, Lord. We thank you, Father. We thank you, Lord. Bless this entire service, Lord, from start to finish. Bless every heart and soul that's present here today. Lord, and also this streaming, Lord. Bless those that are on their way, Lord. Give them safe travel, Lord. We know that it's not any fun driving these highways anymore, Lord God. So, bless them and be with them, Lord. We give every portion of this service to you in the precious name of Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior. Amen. And amen. And amen. Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Amen. Turn around and greet your neighbor this morning. And let's have a good time today singing. We've got our three specials from Wednesday again. And we're just looking forward to having a good service this morning. Amen. [Music] Down at the cross where my Savior died. Down where for cleansing promising I cry. to my heart was the blood of life. I'm singing glory to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Glory to that wonderful name to my heart. What the blood of my singing. Glory to you. [Music] Yes, I am so wondously sing from sin. Jesus sweetly abides within that where he took me. I'm singing gloryy to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Glory to his wonderful name. To my heart of my singing. Glory to his name. Oh precious mountain that sings from sea. I'm so glad I have eternity that Jesus feeds me and keeps me clean. I'm singing glory to his name. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Glory to that mar and to my heart what the blood of fire singing glory to his name. Now come to this mountain so rich and sweet. as thy for the Savior's feet come into me and be complete. We're singing glory to his name. I'm singing glory to his name. Glory to that wonderful name. And to my heart was the blood of God. I'm singing glory to his name. I'm singing glory to his name. Glory to wonderful name to my was the blood of Christ. Glory to his name. Now would you be free from your burden of sin? There's power in love. There's power in love. And would you reach full of victory when there's wonderful power in the Yes, there is power, power, wonder working in the land. There is power, power, wonder working power in the preious blood of the lamb. How would you be free from your passion and pride? There's power in life. Power [Music] in for a cleansing to Calary. Wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working in the world of the lamb. There is power, power, wonder working out in the preious blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. How would you be wider? Much wider than snow with power in the power in the blood. Sing are lost in it. Giving go. There's wonderful power in the blood. Yes, there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. [Music] There is power power working in the preious blood of the [Music] lamb. How would you do service for Jesus your king power in life? Would you live daily in praises to sing this wonderful power in your power power wonder working in [Music] the spirit power working in the preious [Music] Yes, there is power powering power in the blood of the lamb. There is power power working in the fresh blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Wonder working power. I'm ready to let him. Hey, let's have some wonderworking power this morning. Amen. Amen. He promised he'd finish the job, right? That he started in us. Let me Y'all, let me get a little bit of I I want to sing uh I want to sing just a little portion of his eyes on the sparrow this morning. Amen. Maybe just a verse. You know, uh sometimes we think we get the wousy wy woowoos like brother uh Juel used to talk about and we start feeling sorry for oursel. But um hey, if he can watch that little bird, he can watch us too, [Music] right? What a mighty God we serve. Why should I feel discouraged? And why should the shadows [Music] come? And why should my heart be lonely? and long for heaven and home. When Jesus is my portion, hallelujah, my conant friend is he. His eye is on the spro and I know he watches [Music] me. His eye is on the sparrow. [Music] And I [Music] know he watches me. I sing because I'm happy. [Music] I see because I'm [Applause] free for his eye is on the sparrow and I know he wants tears me. Let's sing it again. I sing because I'm happy. I sing because I'm [Music] happy. I sing because I'm free. His eye is on the [Music] SP and I know he watches [Music] Let's give him a clap offering this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Y'all can be seated. We have uh actually we have quite a few birthdays today to announce. And uh we also um we do have a couple of prayer requests here. And I have something else here that I need to read. And then we're going to cut these specials loose. I'm looking forward to that myself. These specials, my goodness. So, the Hamilton family passed me one this morning. This coming Tuesday is uh Brother Charles III, his 21st birthday. So, his family and us as a church family want to wish him a happy birthday. Amen. Praise God. 21. Amen. They continue to write, "We are so proud of this young man. God is that God is growing him into, growing you into." Amen. We pray the Lord's promises and blessings continue to follow you. And we pray that the Lord continue to guide your footsteps. That's the church's heart's desire as well. Amen. Let's give a God another clap offering for that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] So, Friday was sister Daniela. Let me see if I can say this right. Abosi. Abotszi. Is that right? It was her birthday. Amen. God bless you from your family and your church family. Amen. Praise God. And this past Tuesday, Brother Hano turned 25. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. We are very proud of our youth at this church. Amen. Yes, ma'am. Friday for Sister Pam as well. Happy birthday, Sister Pam. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. So, we do have a couple of prayer requests. I want to um bring up first, brother Polycarp and his wife are traveling to Belgium this coming Tuesday and are asking for traveling mercy. Amen. Also, um brother uh Tony Thompson uh gave brother Kyma a call this morning. Uh he had to take his daughter Lrista to the ER this morning. She's having some pain in her eyes. So, let's let's hold her up before the Lord. And I like to refer to when brother Brandham asked the little girl with no eyes, "What color do you want?" He wants to know, "What color?" Amen. Amen. So, this is nothing. These eyes already here. We just got a little pain in them this morning. Amen. If we can stand, I'm sure we all have a an unspoken on our heart. Amen. Praise God. Amen. And we've got the deacons coming up to take the time. And I'm going to ask brother Tony if he would lead us this morning. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Everybody looks good today. Amen. Let us bow. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, this we come to you, oh God, with thanksgiving and praise this morning, oh father. Lord God, realizing oh God, if it wasn't for you, oh God, there would be no us. Oh father, Lord God, we want to first just start out and say just forgive us for all our sins this morning, oh father, anywhere we have come short of your glory in your word this morning, oh God, we pray for a clean slate this morning, oh father, Lord God, we appreciate everything that you're doing in this hour, oh God. How you directing us, oh God, and giving us vision, oh God, and knowledge of your word, oh God. And God, and we're leaning and depending on you this morning, oh God, to take us all the way through. Oh, Father, Lord God, bless your word this morning, oh Father, bless your people, oh God. Lord God, you heard every spoken request, oh God. I pray that you will send a ministering angel, oh God, to every situation, oh God. Lord God, you are our vision this morning, oh Father. I pray that you will touch that sister eyes, oh God, and be her vision this morning, oh Father, make the devil out a liar this morning, oh Father. Lord God, we touching and agreeing this morning and we believe this morning, oh Father, that all things are possible, oh God. Lord God, ask you touch the pastor in the back, oh God, and give him strength this morning, oh Father, move him out of the way, oh God, and give them dust, sayith the Lord, this morning, oh Father, bless the tithes and offering this morning to everyone that gave, oh God, and the ones that had a desire to give this morning and didn't have, oh Father. Lord God, we put the remaining of this service back into your hands. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we give you all the praise, the honor, and the glory. Amen. I have one more thing here I want to read before we bring our specials up. This is from U Sister Pam and the Daniel family. I'll read the card first. It says, "Thank you with gratitude for all things you do and for the wonderful way you do them." Sister Pam adds, "With a grateful heart, the Daniel and Kennedy family would like to extend our deepest thanks for the outpouring of love and support following the passing of our beloved son and brother Alvin. The kindness, compassion, and care you have shown during this difficult time have touched our hearts deeply. Your love has been a source of comfort beyond words, and we are truly grateful. They that that sew in tears shall reap in joy. Psalm 126:5. In the midst of our sorrow, we felt the joy, the love, and the kindness you have shown beyond measure. Your prayers, your presence, and your comforting words have been a true reflection of God's unfailing love. We are humbled and strengthened by your compassion beyond measure. We also would like to give special thanks to Sister Rosemary for her unwavering support being there every night, even from the hospital bed to the final burial. Sister Laurel for all the coordination of food, setting up the tent, etc., and brother Robert for all his hard work. We also would like to thank the pastor and the entire church for all the words of encouragement and all the contributions we received. God bless you all. God loves. May God May God bless you and love you, Sister Pam. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. We're going to ask Lily to come up and sing and then it'll be Sister Yokth and Brother Tony. Amen. Praise God. [Music] You're the same God today and the same God tomorrow. Help me see the victory that you already see. Let my faith be today. [Music] what it will be tomorrow when I've seen the victory that you already see. Oh Jesus, I believe. [Music] Oh, we need a miracle and you are the miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power greater, exceeding, abundant, beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name Jesus. [Music] Oh, by the power of your name and all for your glory. The sick are healed. The soul is filled. The battle has been won. On your promise I stand. And in faith I believe it. Then what I pray in your name it's already done. Oh let your will be done. Oh, we need a miracle. We need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power greater, exceeding abundant beyond what we can ask or think. We call your name Jesus. Oh. Oh. And in the waiting you get the glory. And in the healing you get the glory. And in the breaking you get the glory. And in the breakthrough you get the glory. In the waiting. In the waiting. You get the glory. In the healing. In the healing. You get the glory. In the breaking. In the breaking you get the glory. And in the breakthrough, in the breakthrough, you get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory, Jesus. You get the glory. You get the glory. You get the glory. We need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power greater, exceeding, abundant, beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name. We need we need we need a miracle. And you are the miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power greater, exceeding, abundant, beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name. Oh, we need a miracle. You are. You are a miracle maker. God of the impossible. There is no power greater exceeding abundant beyond what we could ask or think. We call on your name. We call on your name. Call on your name. We call on your name, Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Sister Yogi, you going to use this one? Okay. Amen. Praise God. [Music] Oh, I'm going to let the glory roll in the road in glory. I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have some time of my life. In the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away. Oh, sing. I'm going to let the glory when the road is cold in glory. I'm going to get beside myself. Can I get beside the Jesus? I'm going to have the trouble of my life without my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away. Oh well. I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why. I never can shout about the love that floods my soul. I must confess. I can't express the feelings deep inside me. But the things I know and cannot show. One day will applow. Oh, I'm going to let the glory roll in glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king. I'm going to have the time of my life when I found my life over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, oh, I'll pass the clouds and I'll shout so loud and may some like thunder. My tearful eyes will feel the side until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, pass the gates of stand before my savior. I let my soul let the glory roll from the wrong call my name. I'm going to let the glory roll when the roll is cold in glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the Jes. I'm going to have the time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get sing. I'm going to let the glory roll. Glory roll. When the roll is cold in glory, I'm going to get beside of myself. When I get this time to keep that day, I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get beside myself and I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when I feel over. I'm going to get carried away. When I let the glory when the road is holding on. Oh, I'm going to get this out of myself. Can I get this? [Music] I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. Carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. And the road is falling. Glory. Oh, I'm going to get beside of myself and I get beside the Jes. I'm going to have the time of my life. The time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried [Applause] away. Woo! Hallelujah. I mean, come on. Can y'all even imagine? Hallelujah. [Music] Woo. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] You know, there's something about the presence of Jesus. In the presence of Jesus, anything can happen this morning. Yes, sir. I'm a true believer. I believe that anything can happen this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. They say the mountains can be moved. They say these chains will never break. But they don't know you like we knew. There is power in your name. We heard that there is no way [Music] through. We heard the time will never change. They haven't seen what you can [Music] do. There is power in your name. name. So much power in your name. Moody and move. Praise be. We believe. God, we believe for it. from the impossible. We'll see your miracle. Now we believe we believe forever. Yeah. We know that hope is never lost. [Music] Oh [Music] w no matter what. There is power in your name. So much power in your name. the more above. Praise the unraveled. God, we believe. God, we believe forever. Only impossible. We'll see your miracle. God, we believe. Believe for it. Come on, put your hands together this morning. Now we believe. Yes, we do. You are the way when there seems to be no way. We trust in you cuz you have the final way. You are the way when there seems to be a way. We trust in you, God. You have the power. You are the way. You are the way. When there seems to be a way, we trust in you. Trust in you that you have a final say. You find a way to be a way. I trust in you. We trust in you as you ever move above the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe forever. Only the impossible will see your miracle. God we believe. God we believe move the unovable. Break the unbreakable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe. God we believe. We believe. All day. We'll see your miracle. See your miracle. We believe. We believe. We believe. Hallelujah. I believe you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. You say hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I believe you. [Music] You say I believe you say it is done. Yes. You [Applause] [Music] are [Music] you all you say? He is all I believe. And I believe [Music] [Applause] [Music] it. And I believe it. And I believe it. You said by your stripes, I'm healed. You say I will just because you say I believe just because you say I believe it. I believe it. Your word. I believe it. I believe I [Music] [Applause] [Music] believe unbra above. God, we will live. God, we will live for it. From the impossible, we'll see your miracle. God, we will live. God, we will live forever. No matter what it looks like, [Music] We're going to stand on your word. We believe. It doesn't matter what it looks like. Lord, we going to stand on your word. [Applause] Yeah. We believe. It doesn't matter what rules. We will. Oh, we believe for it. [Applause] Hallelujah. Woo. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory to God. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm sure there's a few in here they say, "Ah, that mountain can't be moved." He moved it. He moved it for brother Seth and sister a coat. He moved it for some that were barren and they had children. Amen. Each one of us is a miracle. But I need a miracle today. Amen. Let's stand. We're going to go from we believe to only believe and invite our pastor out this morning. Amen. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Oh, leave. [Music] All things are possible. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. Oh, all things are possible. Holy believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I [Music] believe. Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] I believe I [Music] believe Lord. One more time. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Yes, he's here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is Jesus is king. [Music] Jesus is king. All things are [Music] possible Jesus is king. Amen. Glory to God. Thank you. Thank you musician. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. God richly bless you. What a presence of the Lord. You want me to read the quote? I saw it. I didn't prepare it, but let me see if I can find it. It's not on uh it's uh God is here. Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. I hope I'm going to see it quickly here by God's grace. I saw it this morning. Glory to God. It's in the message that seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. Brother Brandham says that fine things that are ever that I ever have to happen to me is when I can come to the house of the Lord. Amen. I can be so tired and wor and upset. That's right, brother. But just let me get to the house of the Lord. I got this coat this morning. Let me get to the house of the Lord where all the Santa gather and prayingh then I can go feeling better right away. There is something soothing about it. Yes sir. Don't you think so brethren? Amen. Something that just soothes and seem to iron out all the wrinkle that you are just satisfied. And that's what we feeling this morning. Amen. So, shake somebody's hand and say, "Welcome to the house of the Lord." Glory to God. Amen. You might be seated a little bit as I'm going through my uh checklist right here. Oh, glory to God. Glory. Glory to God. What a worship. I was wondering I was I was just thinking back there. I say the day we will have a worship here. I don't know how it's going to be. We will just read the scripture and we sit down and just worship. Somebody will be filled with the Holy Spirit. Somebody will be delivered. God will do many great things. Amen. So, just keep that in mind. We'll put it up another day. Amen. Or maybe when our fellowship hall is erected. Amen. Oh, glory to God. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here? What I will do if it's a first time, second time, and those that are online, the new subscriber, what I will do is make everybody stand right up so we make sure I didn't leave anyone. We have brother Francois and sister Maddo. This is Sister Emy's father and mother from Canada right there. So, you can all stand. And I see his brother back there, brother Mike Mish. Go ahead and stand so we can welcome you. If there is anybody else, just stand and we make sure we didn't leave. Welcome. Welcome. Thank you very much. You might be seated. God richly bless you. If I forget somebody, make sure you w I mean you stand so we make sure we give you a warm welcome in spoken word. We believe in welcoming people the best. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. You don't want to go to a church and everybody's looking at you like spooky. We don't want that like that in this church when somebody come welcome them. Not only here but after service make sure you shake their hand, hug them and make them feel home. Amen. Glory, glory, glory to God. Amen. Amen. I believe we are all up to date with the sermon and we're reading our Bible twice a day. our cood book, our church ages, the 70 weeks of Daniel, the seals, adoption. Oh, somebody is listening to the message of the hour. I believe I need to do a check once in a while and begin to ask, have you finished adoption? Have you finished the church? Just right, Sister Ta. Okay. Okay. So, now I begin, especially young people, I need to start making a check. Did you finish your cood book to make sure you are loaded? So now it's the time for you to catch up quickly. Amen. And make sure you get it. Amen. Glory to God. Lord's willing, the young men meeting is on June the 7th and we will start courtship with them. And then the question and answer, brother Robert, to the best of my understanding, has been scheduled for July the 19th. Amen. So it's not this month, it's not June, it is July the 19th. So you almost have a month and a half or something. So it's going to be on Saturday, July the 19th, same place. So you got your question, you can go ahead and put it in and we'll continue, Lord's willing, where we stop. Amen. For the married couple meeting, it's going to be part seven. We have not establish the date yet. There were couple question that were given to me. I'm still dealing, debating, and seeing what I'm going to do. Either we will continue with part seven but or we need to I need to answer those question quickly then we can start a different subject on finances and get into the scripture and the message of the hour to make sure nobody's here in trouble with finances in this church. The message came to permeate our life and clean everything that is wrong and make sure that our life are free from any hassle from the devil and then line up with the word of God. Amen. Amen. Brother Benjamin, I was surprised no matter what the devil did, you graduated. [Applause] You see now I don't want to get into my sermon right now but I will see how you would do because something else open up and I have to squeeze Esther somewhere there. So bear with me how if we jump Esther quickly then you do good. Amen. So I will get to that my brother. But congratulation. I'm proud of you. Keep on moving. Yes. I believe brother John already covered this. Brother Tony called me this morning. So you pray for sister laa. But I know she's going to be well. She was she had to be taken to the emergency to check her eye. But we pray and sent pray here and we know that God answers prayer. That one we are already clear with it. Amen. Brother Matamba sent me a flyer of the meeting. He has meeting that will be starting this Friday, this coming Friday and then uh throughout the weekend. And then on Sunday, on Saturday morning, they will have a minister meeting. It's an elder that came from overseas. I know him very well. And brother Matamba prepared the meeting. He sent me the flyer. I print out the flyer. I give it to the head deacon. And we stick the flyer on the board there. So, anyone who can help support the meeting, be there. But if you cannot make it, just make sure you pray for the meeting so everything go successfully. So, if you need the information, it's right there. I print out the flyer. I put it back there and then we move on. Amen. I believe I got everything clear. Brother Kelly, brother uh Tony, brother Robert, if I forgot something, you let me know. So, let's see how far we can go today. and we pick up Mama Zebedee and begin to to fly. Amen. So, let's stand for the reading of the Bible. My subject this morning, uh, flight attendant, prepare for takeoff. Amen. My subject this morning, Brother John told me tomorrow it's Memorial Day. Take your time. Take your time now, brother. So, so many of you are now working, children are out of school. So, please, you have your time to enjoy the sermon. I mean the song. So, give me my time. Tomorrow you don't have school. Tomorrow you don't have work. It is Memorial Day. [Laughter] My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment part 62. We have a traffic. So you do good, we start moving the traffic around. If not, it keep getting backed up until we'll be backed up all the way. Amen. So I changed the the subject the the team with sister Adasa last Sunday because of the direction things went so we could not get it. So our team this morning is divine purpose sister divine divine purpose versus humanity. And you know that you can live in three realms. Brother saying either you are in the human realm or in the faith which is the revelation or you get to the vision which is that save the lord. So stay really tuned and let this material soak in. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly father Lord we approaching you humbly this morning. Father we thank you once again for your grace, your love, your mercy, for everything that you have been doing for us for coming into the house of God. with wonderful scent of like precious faith, filling the presence of the Lord, worshiping you together, and even Sister Pam being able to make it to the service this morning. Father, we thank you for everything, all that are here, visible and invisible. Lord, may you receive all the glory. Father, this is as far as I can go with the ability that you have given me. But when it comes Lord Father to speaking, interpreting, hearing Lord Father, your word because the the the the scripture stated Lord Father that the hearing of the word give the Holy Spirit Lord. Father may you come and move humanity completely away. May you come and be the one speaking and the one hearing, interpreting, filling, blessing, delivering. May you do everything for your children because you are all for us Lord. We commit it all unto the hand Lord. May you bless us this morning in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's go to Jeremiah 29 again. Jeremiah 29 11. You need your Bible. So make sure you got your Bible because these things need to be really established well. Amen. By the grace of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. We need the miracle. Amen. You are the miracle. I wish I had a wonderful voice like that. Amen. And we going to get the glory. Oh my. The whole message was already been preached. Verse 11, the Bible say, "For I know." You know who knows. Amen. I know the thoughts plural. These are wonderful thought that I think toward you says the Lord. Thoughts of peace. Why do we get trouble? You understand these things now? Thoughts of peace and not of evil. But why does evil come? The attribute of God call for it. Amen. Thought of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. So the beginning is good. Amen. Thoughts of peace and the ending is good. Amen. So no matter what happen in the middle, you start good, you will end up good. You might be seated. Let's go to 1 Corinthian chapter 2. The beginning of your life good. The ending of your life good. 100% guarantee. Second uh 1 Corinthian chapter 2. Glory to God. Amen. Same scripture we read the last time. Verse 7. If you are there, you can say amen. Amen. Glory to God. The Bible says verse seven, Paul, but we speak the wisdom of God. You know who the wisdom of God is? Can somebody remind me? Christ. Praise God. We speak Christ, the wisdom of God in a mystery. Yes. So he's preaching Christ in a mystery. That's why brother Brandham say I preach like Paul. [Laughter] Paul was preaching Jesus Christ in a mystery. This message is the revelation of the mystery. He say, "But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world to our glory." So there is a mystery that was hidden here. Yes. And that mystery was in the mind of God. Yes. And God purpose, right? Ordain that mystery for our glory. So we have a package of mystery. And if you open that gift, that package of mystery, it's going to be for your glory. Amen. We clear. Amen. So we got a wisdom, a mystery. This mystery Paul is saying that it is for our glory. Amen. If it belongs to me and it's from my glory, I need to have it. That's right. That's right. Because God already or it for me. Amen. So it doesn't belong to God anymore. That's right. There is brother. Amen. Brother Brandham say God is not an Indian giver. No sir. Who give you something and pick it up. No sir. Once God give, it's gone. Amen. Are we clear? Put your seat belt my friend. Verse eight. which none of the princes of this world knew, they cannot get it. Amen. For have had they know it, they would not have crucified the water, the Lord of glory, if they would have tested of this mystery, no Calvary, if they knew. But God blinded them. So that Calvary can happen. Amen. In other words, there is a connection between the mystery of your glory and Calvary. Amen. Without Calvary, no delivery. Amen. Of your mystery of glory. Amen. Are we together? Amen. So, there is a connection between this mystery and Calvary. When I say Calvary, you don't get it. With crucifixion, there is putting somebody naked on the cross. And not just somebody, God himself. [Applause] Amen. What a curse. Amen. Hang him on a tree as a criminal. When he didn't do anything, but that was needed. Yes, sir. To deliver your package. What type of package is this that required the death of the creator? What is in that package? Come on, Lord. Do you understand what I'm saying? You have a package that they have to deliver from Amazon, but they have to kill somebody for it. So, what is in that package? What is the price of that package? What is the treasure that is hidden in that package that require God to die? Jesus. He required the life of God in order to bring in order to bring that package to you. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? God blinded somebody. So that crucifixion can happen. Without crucifixion, no delivery. Amen. Are we clear so far? Amen. We clear so far? Amen. Now remember, we are dealing with prayers. Yes. And the prayer we are dealing with is not the prayer of sinners. No sir. Because God doesn't hear sinners. No sir. We clear. Amen. God only hear sinner when they want to repent. That's right. That's correct. Are we together? Amen. But what we have been dealing with is a Christian's prayer. Uh-huh. Are we together? Amen. And we found out that God always answer Christian prayer. Amen. That one we clear now. We have already built a confidence. And the way God answer, God answer either by a yes. Whicheverbody like or God says no. But at least God have answered you. And brother Brandham say when God answer you by a no, this no is better than the yes. We will get to it, my friend. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Glory to God. And the way we were wired like I say last Sunday. When you ask somebody when you pray and you come back you say God have answered me. What you are saying is God have say yes. Right. That's right brother. Amen. You got what you were asking for. Amen. That's why you you you you are you are testifying all our testimonies here. Ah come on. Come on. Let's preach together. All our testimonies that stand here. It is because God have said yes. [Music] [Applause] You heard brother Enoch today saying preach. So today is a different day my friend. Are we together? Nobody comes here and say I want to praise the Lord. I ask the Lord to give me something and God say no. Thank you Jesus. God bless you. Everybody will be looking at you like come on Lord. My my my are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. So we need to change now the way we are perceiving. Amen. God answer prayer. Uh-huh. Whether God say yes or no, it's always good. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. But brother Brandham make a statement like this. William Marion Brham. Brother Brham says in the message the way I think Pentecost fell. Brother Brandham say you can never exhaust God's love and mercy to you. I hope I'm talking to redeemer. If you are a Judah, you will. But I'm not a Judah. There is a difference between Judah and Peter. No matter how far Peter goes, Peter can never exhaust God mercy and love for him. Judah will not Peter. Esau will not Jacob. Because before the foundation of the world, I love Jacob. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen, Lord. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham say you say well I hate to bother you so much father. He wants to be bothered that way. Amen. Amen. God answer your prayer. Right. God want to be bothered that way. He does. Don't never think that you could ever ask too much. That's it. Of God. Hallelujah. I believe the scripture say you have not because because what you ask not and you ask not because you believe not. He want us to ask and believe that our joy will be how full. He want you to ask how? Abundantly. I'm getting somewhere. Are we together? Amen. Ask for big things. Amen. Amen. Amen. Our humanity have caused us many trouble. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? This is my clicker right here. If I tell you come and pick up the clicker. Uhhuh. Everybody here will be moving here quickly. And some will even come and and go this way. And the reason why you do it because of the size of the click. Follow me my friend. Because of the size of the clicker. You already calibrated your strength. Brother to the size of the clicker and you have seen that and some of you won't even move. You will tell liver. You say liver go pick it up because according to you this is so small even a child can do it. But if I tell you come and pick up this pulpit not many people will come here. We will begin to look for the big guys with muscles. Are you following me? Amen. Are you following me? Amen. Because we think that we need more strength here to move this thing. And we took that concept into the [Applause] [Music] [Applause] spiritual. That's it. Do you follow what I'm saying? Amen. If you tell somebody, hey, you can pray God to give you a hamburger, everybody will believe it. Because we know hamburger is nothing. So the faith goes quickly. If you tell somebody just as the same way you believe for a hamburger, God can give you a free house. [Applause] Are we together? When we get to the free house, our faith begin to change. You begin to think that you need a bigger faith. Are we together? Amen. We need to change. The message came to change our concept. Amen. The message came to change our thinking. Amen. That's why brother Brandham say ask big thing. Amen. Amen. My friend, I'm tired about the hypocrisy I have seen in this message. And we hide under humility on me. I'm good. I don't like No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let's push to the deep. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Do you know how much faith you have in your medication? Come on now. Once you take a Tylenol, you have faith. Once you put Tylenol on it, you have faith. You can go even to sleep knowing that after few hours Tylenol will kick in. But if they tell you remove Tylenol, every time I get Tylenol in help, brother Steven, you know God healed by medicine and you begin to pull the coat to support your weak faith. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together now? Brother Brandham me say ask abundantly. Lord Jesus. And what do you ask? Big things. Big things. Amen. Can I continue with William? Amen. Brother Brandham say ask for what? Big things. Don't limit your faith to some water. Little mustard seed. When I'm praying for the salvation of my son, I don't say salvation. I say salvation filled with the Holy Ghost. Baptize, redeem, and put everything. [Applause] Oh my god. He says ask for what? Big things. Don't limit your faith to some water, good old mustard seed. Get on out here to some kind the kind of water faith and move out into water. Big things, big things is just as easy. [Applause] Can you preach with me, my friend? Big things is just as easy to receive as what? Little things. So today you need to change your concept in the kingdom of God. Picking up this and picking up the pulpit is the same thing. Are we together? Are we together? That's why when the disciples say increase our faith, Jesus said no. If you have a faith like a mustard seed, you will speak to this mountain. Look at the seed. Look at the mountain. The seed will move the mountain. It is not the size, but it's the substance. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? The same faith you using for a hamburger, that same faith will even buy a car. But when we say buy a car, you backed up. Right. You say, "No, no, no. I need to fast three days." No, sir. No, sir. Why didn't you fast for the hamburger? Amen. Because in your mind, ah, this is big. He required this. He required this. He required. So, I need more faith. I need more anointing. That's right. Amen. I need to pray all night. Brother Brandham say big things are just as easy to receive as water. Little things. You just have to do what? Believe and water. That's all. And you gotaith faith. Just know exactly how to use it. It will be water. All right. You can put it right to work and it shall be how? Just fine. Amen. Thank you. So today you understand Lord that asking for a house is the same a paid full house is the same as asking for a pencil sir before God. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? We clear right? Amen. But brother Steven, if big things are so easy, what I have noticed in my life is when I ask little things, it happen. But when I begin to ask big things, it seems like God doesn't hear my prayer. Amen. The problem is your faith number one, which we are changing. And the second thing is the principle of Ecclesiastes. [Applause] It is not the matter of the request you are bringing. The request or the size of the request is not a problem. It's a matter of time. Season and purpose. Amen. When those elements are met, no matter how big the mountain is, that mountain will be moved. Amen. Are we together? Amen. It's a matter of three element. It is time, it is season, and it is purpose. You understand times very well now. You understand season very well. We are still dealing with purpose. Amen. Amen. Now when we dealt uh last week about this, I want to reread this because I took a different angle. I want to correct it. Brother Brandham said to show you how slow it come. I waited myself for an answer from God for a what? A vision. Brother Brandham was waiting for a vision. But it took how many years? 15 years. Yes. Are we together? Then another come and I won't have to wait. But how? Three minutes. God answer how? In his own time. We don't control it. He control us. That's right. The one who receive in three minute will glorify God and intimidate the other one. like your prayer God don't heal you need to come to my church in our church we get miracle sir it is not a matter of that it's a matter of God's purpose even if you are home God will heal you are we together are we together so according to purpose Ephesians 1 says that in whom also we have obtained what an inheritance being predestinated according to the water the purpose of him who workketh who workketh what all things how after the counsel of his own how many things does he work for all things how many things all things so everything that is going on in your life God is maneuvering them to fit his purpose Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. And the purpose of God is his will. Amen. Or his desire. Amen. And God will work everything to make sure what he purpose. Yes sir. For your life is fulfilled. Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Glory to God. Then brother Brandham says this. Glory. We there. I ask him for something how sometime he check his head he says what no so there are time god say yes that's right yes sir brother Brandham didn't say all the time that's right sometime he says what no and then brother Brandham say I just rejoice as much about that you get an answer no and you coming glory to God what happened brother God says no to my prayer [Applause] It takes some kind of maturity. [Applause] Do you know what we do? Do you know what we do? I thought this is the husband. I have been waiting to get married. This relationship didn't work. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] You don't see the future. There is a yes in the future. But this one is no because it's not yours. [Applause] It is full of trouble. It doesn't match your purpose. [Applause] It doesn't match your caliber. Amen. Brother Brandham say God send Elijah to the widow woman because the widow woman was in the same caliber as Elijah. [Applause] Your caliber is like brother. [Applause] That's why God sent you Elijah the prophet. God knew who you are. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's why they cannot take you away from the message. No sir. You are calibrated with the message. Amen. The message is you. Amen. Yes sir. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham say because we always ought to ask what? Thy will be done. So it's a matter of will. Okay. Thy will be done. The will of who? God. And his will is his purpose. Amen. And if that is his will, his knows if that is his will. In other words, the know of God is the desire, the will of God. It is what God want. If that no is the will of God, it is a whole lot better. [Applause] Than if God would have say what? Because if God say yes, you go into permissive will. That's exactly right, brother. Because the no is better than the yes. Exactly right. That yes is not this yes. No sir. This yes is his will. But this yes is his permissive will. Amen. And that will bring you trouble. That's exactly right. Glory. Are we together? Amen. It's a whole lot better than his yeses. Amen. If it is his will to what? Do it. That is when you really do what? Love him. That's why I picked up this on Wednesday when brother Tony preaches. Look at these Hebrew children and Shadrach, Machu and Abednego, answer and say to the king, oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee this mother. In other words, we don't care about answering you. Yes. Because according to us either way we don't fail. [Applause] Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. They say we are not even careful. We don't even care about answering you. If you need an answer for us, we don't even need to answer. There is no room for debate. [Applause] Nebuchadnezzar. There is no room for debate. If it comes to idolatry, we don't have room to argue. I don't need to give you court. I don't need to waste my time to give you court. I know whom I'm believing. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. And I'm persuaded. Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Now they say if it be so our God, Amen. Our God whom we serve is what? Amen. Because brother Brham say they pray all night. So they were expecting a yes. But watch those boys my friend. He say he's able to deliver us from what? The burning fiery furn. And if he will deliver and he will deliver us out of that hand or what king. But if not, [Applause] in other word, in other word, Nebuchadnezzar, we take yes and no. [Applause] If God say yes, fine. If he says no, we are fine. But just know one thing, we won't bow down. Amen. Amen. Maybe you didn't get me. If God answer my prayer, I stay in the message. If God didn't answer my prayer, I still stay in the message. Amen. Amen. It's a shame. It's a shame. Message believer, they didn't get their prayers. Now we start going to the Pentecostal preacher. Pentecostal preacher so and so can pray for me. That Pentecostal does miracle. No, no, no. I got the revealed word of the hour. God is with me. If he says no, I keep my position. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. My friend, quit listening to what you're listening on YouTube. Stay with the message. Yes. If God have not answered you yet, it's a matter of time. It's a matter of purpose. It's a matter of season. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Glory to God. They say, "But if not, be known unto thee, oh king, that we will not serve thy God." Amen. Nor what? Worship the golden image which thou hast set up. In other word king, we have no, you don't understand us. Either way we go, we have we don't have any problem. If we come out of this, no problem. If we don't come out of this, we will be burned as a stick. But we won't bow down. And guess what? And guess what? When you begin to have that attitude, [Applause] when you begin to go before God and you say, "Either way, either way, I'm fine." God came down. Yes, he did. Are we together? Yes, sir. He didn't send an angel. Yes, sir. He didn't send an angel. He came down himself. He said, "These are my children. Let me identify myself with them because my no is better to them than my [Applause] Are we together? Brother Polyap, use that whistle, my friend. Ah, now we can preach together. Are we together? Are we together? Now, let's pick up Mama Zed. We found out three category. Are we together? We have just left the airport. We found out three category last Sunday. The first category is when your will, God's will is your will. Amen. We find that in Matthew 8 with the leper. You remember that? The leper came. He say Lord if it's thy will yes cleanse me. God say it is my will. So the will of the leper matches the will of Jesus Christ. Yes. We clear with mama zebed. Amen. Amen. With mama zebedi with his uh with her son John and James we found out that we got a mixed prayer. Yes sir. Amen. You you already understand this if you didn't the code the the whole sermon is there. So let's go to Matthew 20. Then we pick up. And the third category is when your will is different than God's will. Amen. In here it's a mix because some are with God's will. Sir, are we together? Uh-huh. And some of your requests are against God's will. So in other word, you come up with 20 prayer requests. Amen. Are we together? And eight of them matches God. And you go with your faith and you find eight are happening but the other one are not happening yet. Amen. That's good. Because there is something that is going on with those. Either the time, either the season or the purpose, but some of them are going and you feel and you sitting, you say, "My God, I pray for this headache, the headache goes." So once the headache goes, you say, "Okay, okay, okay, let me take uh uh opportunity of this anointing now. Lord, can you take me out of my financial problem?" The financial trouble is is is lingering. [Applause] I'm I'm preaching to somebody now. You are confused. The headache work. This is not working. I have been praying for this for two years. Amen. Amen. Let's go to mama. My friend, let's go to Matthew 20. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. My friend, we need to enter your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Matthew 20. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Matthew 20. Let's go to verse 20. If I can go quickly on this. The Bible say, "Then came to him the mother of Zebed's children." You understand them now? With her son doing what? Worshiping him. So she started very good. That's right. We need to pray. Oh, believe. Oh. Ah. Now let's start praying. In other words, I'm believing it's going. Amen. Amen. After worshiping him and desiring now she's offering the request has started certain things of him. We need to know that certain things. And he said to her, "What will you?" Lord, help me. She says to him, "Grant that these matson, you know the sons already have thrones." You remember that they already gave them throne. The problem was already finished. Mom is coming not for throne. Mama now is coming for position. Make the throne a little bit higher than all the disciple. Ah my friend, everybody sitting on the same chair. No, no, no. Make that chair to be gold and that chair to be gold. So when people get in the church, the two chair, they know that those two are special people. Can I continue? Amen. Grant that these two sons may sit the one way that on thy right hand and the other on the left hand in your kingdom. The request is about the position. deposition but deposition not in this world in the kingdom of God. In other words, this mother is indirectly asking God for his children to be saved because those that enter this kingdom must be baptized with the Holy Ghost. I'm going somewhere. Yes, sir. Are we together? Amen. So she's automatically asking for the Holy Spirit in here. Amen. Because only the Holy Spirit will put you on the kingdom. That's right. And then the first one is a is a position. But Jesus answer and say, "You know not what you ask." Are you able to drink of the cup that shall drink and to be baptized with the baptism that I baptize you? Now Jesus is splitting that right coming into the kingdom you need the Holy Ghost. Follow me. But to get a position of a throne you need suffering. Amen. Amen. Amen. To rule to rule you need to suffer. The Bible says this and then we continue. Paul says in 2 Timothy 2 uh Timothy 2:12, if we suffer, now we clear. I know you got quiet so that I I have to load this. If we suffer, we shall also what? Reign with him. So raining goes with what? Suffering. Are we together now? That's why Jesus is saying you want them to rain over there. Raining goes with suffering. We clear now? We clear now? Amen. All right. Now, and he says to them, "You shall," verse 23, "you shall indeed drink of my cup and be baptized." They are drinking not the cup but the cup of Jesus Christ. If I take this thing, you ready? Uh-huh. And I want to give water to uh brother Enoch. I will open this thing and take uh a cup and put it and put the water and give to brother Enoch. Go ahead. Are we together? That's brother Enoch cup. That's right. Are we together? If you need your cup, she say need what? I will take another cup. Right. Not brother Enoch cup. The only one who can drink brother Enoch cup must be somebody in the future because he's still single. I I don't know if you getting me sir. Now Jesus is telling them they will drink not the cup but my cup. So the disciple are sharing the same cup. That's right. Do you see which position they are? We understand one another. The Bible say you shall drink indeed of my cup and be baptized with the baptism. In other words, same thing that happened to Christ will happen to them. That's why Jesus said the work that I do. Right. In other words, these are part of the bride. [Applause] Because only the bride can drink the same cup. Amen. Are we together? He says, "And be baptized with the with the baptism I'm baptized with, but to sit on my right hand and on my left hand, it is not mine to give that one." Uh-uh. Mama, you hit uh uh the wrong button right here. I understand your desire but not we clear. He says but it shall be given to them for whom it is prepare of my father. So Jesus is preserving somebody's seat and making sure no one will take his seat. So no matter how much you pray, God won't give somebody seat. That's right. Are we together? Are we together? The Bible says in verse 24, "And when the 10 heard it, remember they were moved with what? Indignation against the two what? Two brethren." They didn't give them the position, but they caught the intention. Yes. They say, "Ah, so both of you are intending to be above us." They got upset. Now Jesus is reacting. Watch my friend. Verse 25. But Jesus called them to him and say, "You know that the princes of the gentile," brother Brandham used this for the nicolan spirit, right? The princes of the Gentile exercise dominion over them and that they and they that are great exercise authority upon them. In other words, they dominate the people. But it shall not be so. Among you, but whosoever will be great. In other words, let me change your concept of greatness. Yes, sir. You are upset because you are looking at somebody dominating you. That's not the case here. Whoever is great among you, let him be your what? Minister. And whoever will be chief among you, let him be uh let him be what? You're serving. Even as the son of man came not to be ministered to but to minister and to give his life a ransom for what? For many. So Jesus corrected the spirit. Amen. Yes. Among his disciple saying, "Hey, don't be here looking for higher position. Right. Right. And if you want to be the big shot among the people, you be the servant of all of them. In this world, we don't want that. Oh. Oh. Me serving everybody. I want people to serve me. I don't want to serve everybody. Jesus say, "Flip it around. You want to be great. Great means serve other. You're great means you are top and they serving you." Jesus said, "No, no, no. In my kingdom, you want to be great, go ahead and serve everybody." In other words, he change the concept when he says that. Everybody goes to their position. Are we together? So Jesus could not even answer that prayer. Are you following me? Number one, the purpose is wrong. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] It is not their position. Follow me my friend. They already got their position and this is where it's going to punch. Number two, Jesus caught the motive. [Applause] and the objective the motive was wrong. Amen. Don't worry, my friend. The Bible says in the book of James 4:3, "Ye ask and you receive God is saying no." Which he answer you because he asked how? Amen. that he may do what? Consume it upon your lust. Your motive is wrong. That's right. Your objective is wrong. God is saying no. Amen. And that no is better than the yeses. [Applause] Because if God give it to you, you will consume it with your last. In other words, you already have a project. I'm going to impress my friend. That is your project. So because you want to impress your friend, you come up with a request. You say, "God, I need a maseratica." God look at your heart. He said, "This is a problem right here." God say yes. Ask for big things, but for this no because if I say yes, tomorrow you'll be totally lost. That's right. You're going to be in trouble on campus. Are we together? Because you are asking wrong. The motive is wrong. Are we together? His nose are better than his yeses. Sometime your prayer matches his will. Sometime your prayer, some of them matches his will, some of them doesn't match. Sometime your will is completely contrary. enter God. [Music] [Applause] And the best answer you can have as a child of God is no. Let's go to Luke 9. We just finished with the sons of uh Zebedee. What are their name? James and John. James and John. Can you repeat their name again? James and John. So James and John came with that request including their mother and they were three where three are gathered together [Applause] James, John and mama three are gathered together bring the request father you say you going to give it to us when father look you [Music] say not this one mama are we there look and verse 51. If you dare, you can say amen. You're moving pretty good, my friend. Amen. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Please, if you stop here, we will push again. The traffic keep moving. So, let's go. You there? Amen. 51. Let's go, my friend. And it came to pass when the time was come that he should be receive up. In other words, Jesus need to die. Yes. Amen. To be receive up. Amen. Amen. He steadfastly, in other words, he decided to set his face to go to what? Jerusalem. He decided to go to Jerusalem knowing that it's time of his death. The lamb need to be killed there. You following me? Amen. Who are the sons of Zebedee? James and John. Okay. Verse 52. And sent messenger messengers before his face. And they went and enter into a village of the Samaritan to make ready for him. And they did not receive him. The Samaritan say who? Jesus Christ. Hey, get out. Amen. And they didn't receive him because his face was as though he will go to what? Jerusalem. They said Jesus, where is he going? To Jerusalem. He's going to the Jews. Why is he coming this way? Right. Amen. We got segregation. Right. That's right. Amen. He's going over there so he can't come here. So continue, brother. Continue. We don't have a time for you to preach. It is not the truth. Because you go into the click. There it is. Keep on moving. Have I said something wrong? Keep on moving my brother. Are we together? Keep on moving. Verse 54. And when his disciple who James and John again who was the sons of Zebedee? James and John. Who is here again? James and John. So the sons of Zebedee again. Now when his disciple James and who John saw this they say Lord prayer request prayer request is my Bible different than yours? They say Lord look how they calling him Lord Elohim Lord will you that we command fire. to come down from heaven and consume them. Look how they are backing with the scripture. Come on, brother. My friend, we're talking about our prayer. He says, consume them even as who? Elias. In other words, they're telling Jesus Christ, father, as Elijah spoke for the fire, you say, bring your word and you stay with your word. So in the name of Jesus Christ as you did for Elijah, you are still the same yesterday, today and forever. Give me father. So let me cook these people. Because they are refusing you. Whoever is your enemy is my enemy. Take your time. That's right. Who? James and John again. Yes, sir. My God. That's why Jesus have to change their name. And Jesus called them the sons of thunder. [Applause] In other words, the sons of the voice of God because the nature is not good. So Jesus have to give them a new name. And Jesus hid them in the pond. John love James Hope. He put them under the thunder. [Applause] My God. Are we together? Are we together? Reaction of Jesus Christ. Verse 55. But he turned and rebuked them. Yes. In other words, guys, stop your prayer. Stop. Stop. Stop. He rebuked them and said, "You know not what manner of spirit you are of. For the son of man is not come to do what? Destroy men's lives, but to do what?" To save them. So sometime your prayer is contrary [Applause] to the word of God. And because of that, God must answer no. If not, you will barbecue people. [Applause] You are driving on the road and somebody keeps slowing down on a fast lane. Keep slowing down and you keep going. You keep going and you pass them and you give them that look and you say, "Wait for the third pool. The third pool won't come my friend because you will fry them. You will f them on the highway. [Applause] [Laughter] Are we together? Sometime your will is God's will. Sometime yes some of your prayer matches some doesn't match. Sometime you are completely offline. You are disconnected. You got into the corner mind. Somebody poke you the wrong way. You say father fire fire. You should heal Pentecost. I'm sending them fire. Fire. Which fire? Which fire? Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. That's why brother Brandham says this. Brother Brandham say God never change his mind or what? His word. But he will give you what? The desire of his heart. Of your what? Of your heart. He promised that. You know that. Amen. He promised to give you what? The desire of your heart. Let your desire [Music] be the word of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Because brother Brandham said the will of God is the word of God. I already gave you the quote on that one. Brother Brandham said, "Let your desire be his word." Amen. He said, "Let your desire be the word of God." Let what? Your desire be what? His will because he's going to work everything according to his own will. In other word, match your desire to his will. Amen. Then you are sure you're going to get it. He's saying let your desire be what? His will. Never what? Your own will. But how? His will. If you ask him for something, he don't give it to you. What do you say? Thank you, Lord. You know what is good? Let me read it again. My friend, brother Brham say, if you ask God for something and he doesn't give it to you, what do you say? Thank you, Lord. You know what is what? Good. I'm not going to say God didn't answer my prayer. God knows what is good. There is a purpose why he didn't give me this. Are we together? That's why to help us. That's it. Amen. From humanity which is our will. versus divine purpose which is God's will. God sent us the Holy Spirit. Follow me, my friend. Amen. Are we together? The Bible says in Romans 8:26, likewise the who? The spirit. Uh-huh. Also does what? Helpeth our infirmities. For we know not. That's it. What we should pray for as we ought. In other words, sometime you don't know how to pray. That's why Jesus told Mama Zebed, you don't know what you're asking because of a lack of the Holy Ghost. [Music] He said, "For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the spirit himself dri maketh intercession for for us with what? Groanings which cannot be what uttered." In other words, the Holy Spirit become the advocate. Amen. He said, "I see what he's looking for, but he doesn't know how to explain it. He keep getting decline, decline, decline." No, no, no, no. Let me let me tell you the way you get these things. You need to tell God this way. Tell him when you heal me, I will serve you more. Amen. And make sure you mean it from your heart. When you mean it, then he's going to give it to you. But what you have in your heart is for you to go back to the world. That's why he's blocking it. Are we together? Are we together? He says, "But the spirit itself maketh intercession with for us with groaning which cannot be what?" uttered. And he that searchth the heart knoweth what is the what? Mind of the spirit. because he maketh intercession for the saints according to what? The will of God. Because the in other words, the Holy Spirit will never deviate from the will of God. Amen. The Holy Spirit is God. Amen. The Holy Spirit knows your purpose. Amen. So when the Holy Spirit is praying, he knows what to pray. Amen. He knows what to tell God about you. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. I don't know if you're getting me. If your purpose is Coca-Cola, you praying for Fanta. When the Holy Spirit come, he go straight. He say, "Give him Coca-Cola." Correct. And tomorrow you get an answer. You say, "Praise God." God answered me. I got a drink. Yes. Your drink was Coca-Cola. The Holy Spirit knows. Are we together? Because the Holy Spirit is God. He's the one that gave the promise. Amen. That's why Paul says this, my friend. Paul says in Ephesians 6, he say praying how always with all prayer and what? Supplication. Be careful. Worry for nothing. Yes sir. You remember that? But in everything by what? Prayer. And what? Supplication. Let your requests be known unto the Lord. Now Paul is saying for your prayer and supplication. Do you follow me? Paul say praying always with what? All prayers and what and supplication? In the spirit. Yes. In other words, Paul is saying when you want to pray, make sure you are in the spirit. Amen. Amen. Because the spirit will know Yes, sir. what is needed for your life. And the Holy Spirit will intercede in other words, the Holy Spirit will begin to pray for you. Yes, sir. Amen. Knowing who you are and what God purpose for your life. Amen. Amen. Paul says praying always with all prayer where and supplication how? In the spirit and watching there unto with all perseverance and supplication for what? All saints. Brother Steven you say praying in the spirit. In this message we spoke many things. Sometime we don't even understand. What does praying in the spirit mean? [Music] Because if I go home. Yeah, I understand. You say God is saying the Holy Spirit pray for me. I got the point. You say that do not worry for nothing by everything. Prayer supplication. Now Paul is saying prayer and supplication not in humanity. No sir, in the Holy Spirit. Now brother Steven, how can I pray in the Holy Spirit? Amen. What does praying in the spirit mean? Because if not, you will just go with an intellectual understanding. Pray in the spirit. Pray in the spirit. You don't know what pray in the spirit means. We need a prophet to tell us what is praying in the spirit. Yes sir. Yes sir. Come on, Lord. Are we together? Brother Brham says this in the message. Is there anything too hard for the Lord? Brother Brandham said, "Then I climb up a little farther into the secret and I knelt down. The mosquitoes was just humming all around my ear." In other words, the mosquitoes knows that you want to pray. So the devil anoint mosquitoes. [Applause] You don't believe this thing. You don't believe these things. Brother Brandham say in the millennium there won't be no lion tearing down beast. Brother Brandham said the reason why a lion is catching a beast and tearing. He say it's the devil. Because in the garden of Eden the lion was not doing that. The lion was doing something different. You want me this? Yes sir. Praise God. Praise God. Do you hear me? Yeah. In the Garden of Eden, the lion was doing something different. That's why the Bible say in the millennium, the lion will be eating grass, not steak. No steak in the millennium. So, you better take advantage now. Because in the millennium, nothing dies. Are we together? Are we together? So the brother Brandham is saying he's trying to pray and what happened is mosquito begins to to b him. Who's sending mosquitoes? Now you begin to understand. Brother Brandham say the mosquitoes were just ramming all around my ears and I couldn't hardly pray. It is the devil the prince of the power of the air. Brother, brother say when you have those hurricane, it is the devil. It is demonic spirit and they give them human name. Are we together? It's a demon right there. Amen. And the and brother Brandham say I believe then it was who? The devil. Ah. So who was who using uh mosquitoes? So I say, "Oh Lord, be merciful." I just threw up my hands and start praying anyhow and just let the mosquito fill up if they wish to. So brother begin to pray. Lord Jesus, Father, I love you. He changes the position. Lord, you are the master of You know what? Let's go. Lord Jesus, you are the master. Keep keep doing whatever you want to do. I'm I'm trying to help somebody. Brother say, I just threw up my hand and start praying anyhow and just let the mosquito do what? Fill up if they wish to. But there was something that was burdening in my heart. Amen. I have a request. Yes sir. Are we together? And after I become so lost in prayer, I guess you Christian know what it means to be how? Lost in prayer. Just forget where you are. That is praying in the s. Amen. Amen. When you pray in your corner mind, you know who's beside you. There it is right there, brother. Yes, sir. That's the truth. And some of the requests are silenced because you don't want the neighbor to hear them. Especially if it's confession, Lord Jesus. And then you go back up again because you know that s is uh is uh sister Kella is right here and brother John P is right here. He's going to say ah this brother hey so you go you say oh brother pray pray pray I'm praying I'm praying I'm praying I'm praying in my heart you know why you praying in your heart because you are conscious of your environment. Yes, but when you forget your environment. That's right. And you say, "Lord, I came to this church. I am not going home the same. I don't care who's on my right, who's on my left. I'm going to pray until I get the answer." You say, "Father, you the God of heaven. Before you know it, your mind is lost. You got in the spirit." Yes, sir. At that time God take over because you won't worry about the grammar. You don't worry about the camera. It is not you praying. It is the Holy Spirit taking over your request. That is what praying in the spirit is. Glory. That's why brother Brham say we do our best prayer at home. That's in the closet because nobody's around. Are we together? Amen. Brother Brandham say that he's praying where in the spirit. I believe I open my eyes and just the side of a little dog wood bush there was that light hanging there. That light shining down to where I was and say rise and go by the way of water. In other words, when you move that way, the Holy Spirit will come down. Are we together? So the lesson right here is what my friend brother say you can't do any good until first you get where in the spirit God can use you no sir all your effort are in vain until first you do what in the spirit if you sing what do you do I will sing in the spirit [Applause] if you want to sing a special what do you do sing in the spirit in other words forget Who's right here? Yes, sir. [Music] Forget about here. Close your eyes. Yes, sir. Take yourself up somewhere and you will see the anointing of God coming down because somebody is gone in the spirit. Yes, sir. If you're not in the spirit, don't sing. It is mechanic. It is mechanic. But when you get to the spirit, the dynamic have come. The anointing fall and somebody's blessed. Are we together? Are we together? Yes sir. Brother say if I will sing I will sing where? In the spirit. If I pray I will pray how? In the spirit. And then if there is anything that comes to me that is any good, it has to be revealed to me by the spirit and confirm how? By the word. So God sent us the spirit. Amen. to help us correct these things are here. Amen. So that when the Holy Spirit pick up, you won't go contrary to the word. When the Holy Spirit pick up, he will bring your prayer from three, two, all the way to one. Where your prayer are matching God's will. And when your prayer matches God's will, then we know that our answer are guaranteed. Are we together, my friend? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we clear? Amen. Let's pick an example. of how our will need to be his will before we get into Christ. Let's go to Esther. Amen. My time is good. Praise God. Glory to God. Praise God. Hallelujah. I'm praying. I'm praying nothing happened. Unless you a child of the devil. If you're a child of God, God hears your prayer always. God will hear your prayer. Wait when I get to Jesus Christ if I can cross Esther quickly. Amen. Amen. Let's go to Esther 2. I cannot touch Esther because we we preach Esther. I don't know how many series. So if you ever touch it again, you're going to get lost sooner in a few minutes. You there? You there? Let's touch up the surface quickly to make a point to what we just spoke. Essay, you can say amen. Now in Shushan the palace, there was a certain Jew whose name was who? Mori. the son of Jer, the son of Sheime, the son of Kish, a what? A Benjamite. You know, they call him a Jew, but Jews were from the tribe of Judah. But if you notice, if you study the Bible, you will find out that when Israel split, 10 tribe went the other way. And the tribe of Benjamin cling to the tribe of Judah. That's why the Benjamite became Jews. We clear? You need those scripture? You ask me. Job to verse seven. And he brought up Hadassa. Sister Hadassa is right there. Hada, that is Esther. That's right. His uncle's daughter. For she had neither father nor what? Mother. Esther has what? Neither father nor what? Mother. Did you get something? You didn't get it yet. Esther has neither what? Father, no. What? Mother under the lineage of Mechisedc. [Applause] [Laughter] [Music] Do you see this Bible is beautiful? It takes the message of brother Brana. He say she have neither mother nor what? Father. And the man was fair and beautiful whom Modi when her father and mother were dead took him uh took for his own what? Daughter. So they were cousin. We clear? Job to verse 8. So it came to pass when the king's commandment, you know this story, and his decree was heard, his decree was heard, and when many men were gathered together to Shushan to uh the palace, that the custody to the custody of Heg that Esther was brought also to the king's house, to the custody of Heg, keeper of the women. We clear, right? Amen. And the maiden pleased him. Favor, brother Tony. And she obtained kindness of him. And he speedily gave her things for purification with such as belongth to her. And seven maiden. Why only seven? Let's leave it alone, my friend. Which were meant to be given her out of the king house. And he prefer her and her maid to the best place of the house of the woman. Of the women. We clear there. Now Esther, follow me now, had not showed her people nor her kindred, for Morcai had charged her that he should that she should not show it. In other words, Esther is called, picked up, selected, put in the palace with unknown identity. Amen. In other words, nobody know really who Esther is. Are you following me? We clear my friend. Job 2 verse uh 17. If you dare, you can say amen. And the king loved Esther above all the women. And she obtained grace and favor, brother Tony, in his sight more than all the virgin. So that he set the royal crown upon her head and made her queen instead of who? Vash. So Esther is called. Yes. You following me? Selected, chosen, and position. Are we clear? Let me start it again. Esther is called, selected, chosen, and position as a queen. If you notice there is no trouble. There's no problem. Amen. Esther is positioned as a queen. Right? We clear? Amen. Job to verse uh 20. Esther had not yet showed her kindred nor her people as Morci has charged her. For Esther did the commandment of Mordei like as when she was brought up with him. In other words, her identity is sealed. We don't know who she is, but she's already selected, called, chosen, position, but we don't know who she is. Are we together? Are we clear? Go to chapter three. Verse one. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible say after these things, which things? The calling, the selection, the choosing and the positioning of Esther. In other word, everything about Esther is finished. This is when trouble start. Are we together? After these things did King Ahazarus promote who? Amen. So Hermon was now promoted before Esther was first position. Help me preach my friend. My time is going. I don't know if you get me because we know who Amon represent. Amen represent who? The devil. He represent the devil. Because when they ask a man, they say who? How can we treat? a man that the king would like to honor. Do you know what Hmon says? I want to take that man and put the king crown on him. The king clothing on him and the king uh uh I mean donkey on him. In other words, Amen wanted to be the king and there is one person that we know in the Bible that wanted to be like the most high. Amen. The Bible say he was Lucifer who wanted to be like the most high. So Amen is a perfect type of Satan. But Amen cannot be positioned before Esther. Esther is first call selected chosen position before Amen. I don't know if you get what I'm saying. You were chosen. You were called. You were positioned before the devil was created. Yes, sir. I don't know if you get what I'm saying. In other words, after your position, that's when God create the devil. Your position is what create the devil. That's why the devil want to be like the most high. He want to climb above the star of God. Above you because you were before him. I don't know if we together. The Bible says that Satan, the devil, Lucifer want to go above the star of God. and the star of God were the children of God. So the devil wanted to surpass you, but the only one above you was God as a husband. But he's also equal to you. So the devil want to be you. But before God positioned the devil, God first must finish your work. You are picked selected. chosen position before the foundation of the world before God start creating the devil. What I'm trying to say is this. The trouble you going through [Applause] the demon that is troubling you, remind that demon I existed before you. [Applause] I don't know if you get what I'm saying. Tell that demon, you say you demon of lust. No one thing when they were creating you, I was already there. In other words, I am above you. God took my identity and hid my identity. But now the time has come You will know who I am because when God was creating you, I was clapping hand. I saw you. [Applause] [Music] I don't know if you get me. Tell that demon tell that demon of diabetes say let me tell you your story. Before you became demon, you were first an angel. You were first serving God. I was there. And when we fought in heaven, I fought you and then I overcame you. So if [Applause] I doing okay, are we together? Are we together? Jesus say when you pray you say let your will be done well be done well where on earth as it is what in heaven in heaven I overcame you so the wind of heaven must come down to the earth blood pressure I'm going to overcome you here arthritis we going to finish Before you were created, I was there. [Applause] Position. Position goes with power. In other words, I was in charge. I was in power before you, Satan. [Applause] In other word, you have a knowledge. In other word, you have a knowledge that Satan doesn't have because you existed before him. [Applause] Where are we at, my friend? I don't think I will cross. I will touch Jesus Christ. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] was created before you. Maybe you don't understand my language. Maybe you don't understand my language. Let me tell you in plain word. You were never even been created. You always were. Yes. You are eternal. God only position you. And when God finish your work, then he created Satan. What are you scared about? Depression. You a small dick. Let me say it this way. Let me say it this way. Tell the demon of depression, I was changing your diaper. Yes. When you were a baby, I was there. I changed your diaper. So there is nothing you can do to me. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Church, where are we at? Verse verse one. Let's go to chapter 3, verse one. I only have seven minutes left. The Bible says after these things did King Ahazarus did what? Promote Hmon. Why didn't he promote Hmon before Esther? In other words, when Ammon is coming into position, Esther is already the queen. Yes, sir. Qualify queen with a hidden identity. [Applause] with a hidden identity. And there is a purpose why they have to hide you under the thunder. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He says after this thing did king Ahazarus promote Hmon the son of Hammedada the who? The eagite. Do you know what egite means? Uh-huh. Eggat is an Amalachite. A he was he come from the lineage of the king of Agat who was the king of the Amalachite. So Hmon escaped from the Amalach. But God sold to Moses that I will have fight with Amalecch until I wipe Amalcch. So the last descendant of Amalecch is right here. And to defeat him, he was not a man, a woman. God didn't choose a man. God chose a woman. God can fight the devil. He's using the bread. Amen. Because she is him. Hallelujah. Are we together, my friend? Where are we at, my friend? Verse two. The son of Hameta the who? The Hegite and did what? Advanced him and set his seat where? Above all the princes that were with him. Where? That were with him. That were with him. Amen. So Hmon is position after Esther. Amen. You come first. You existed first. Yes. Are we together? In other words, when you existed first, you got the solution. [Applause] Because the devil was designed based on your position. Satan was designed never to match you. Satan can never be converted. success. [Applause] Satan was designed to develop you exactly right to reveal who you are. Yes, sir. Who is the queen? Esther. Which tribe is she from? We don't know. Is she a Persian? We don't know. You ask silence of the seven zero. Only Mai have the answer. Only Modai have the answer. Only William Marion Brham have the answer. Only Brham have the answer. [Applause] Glory to God. Are we together? Please help me fly, my friend. Go to chapter 4. Go to chapter 4. We skip this quickly, my friend. Go to chapter 4. This church, we we leave Esther and then we pick up Esther in another way. We there. Amen. Just go to chapter 4. You there? Amen. Verse uh 13. Hmon begin to cause the trouble. And do you know the trouble of Hmon? He was against the Jew. But didn't know that the queen is a hidden Jew. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Then the news came and Modcai sent Esther the news. Are we together? Esther got the news. He say, "Hey, Modica, I understand what you're saying. The situation is very bad." I'm just paraphrasing so we can go. But to go to the king, you know, I cannot do that. If I go, they will kill me. Modecia look, he say he broke a seal. Watch what is breaking. Yes, sir. Are you there? Are we there? Verse 13. Then Modi commanded, not spoke. Commanded to Esther. It's a command. He say think not with yourself that you shall escape when in the king's house more than who? All the Jews. For if you all together has held your peace when all this time, then shall their enlodment or deliverance or relief enlargement and deliverance arise where to the Jews from where another place but you in other word Esther if you don't want to open your mouth if you don't want to make a move no one thing deliverance will come from somewhere. Glory to God. But remember, God doesn't change his mind. If God already say it's Charles, God cannot use plan B. That's right. He says, "Elloment and deliverance arise to the Jews from what?" Another place, but you and your father house shall be what? Destroyed. Watch now. He's breaking something. And who knows? That's all right. Whether you are come to the kingdom for such a time as what? In other word, if you don't understand the very purpose [Applause] you were put there is for this time. [Applause] Brother Kelly, I'm going to rock the devil. I'm going to rock him really hard. Why were you not in in Ephesus? Why were you not born in Luther age? Why were you not born in Col? God positionally bless you to see the pope. [Applause] You were put in this time for a purpose. When the pope is rising up, you also are rising up. [Applause] Do you think you're existing now for nothing? Your purpose is bigger than you think. You are not here just to buy a house. You are not here just for a car. You are here to manifest God. Who knows? Who knows if you were put in the kingdom for such a time as this? In other words, instead of being disturbed and begin to be afraid, Esther, look where you sitting. You are the queen, there is a purpose. [Applause] I have a question. I have a question. If you got a mission, okay, and the mission is very very dangerous, who do you send, you send the Navy Seal, you send the elite because the mission is very bad and this age is the worst of all. And God pick you and send you. So who are you? Who are you? You crying for a headache. No you are created before headache. You are in elite group put at the end time to manifest God. Because in the la to him that overcome will sit with me in my throne. In my throne. Are we together? Where am I at my friend? He says in other words, who knows Esther the very purpose you were placed here was to counteract Hmon. In other words, God saw Hmon [Music] and God positioned you first. So you have more power than Hmon. [Applause] Are we together? Job to verse uh uh 15. Then Esther did them return Morcai to this answer. Yes. Go ahead my friend. Go gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushanhu and fast ye for me. When the when the position the purpose is revealed, the prayer is open. Now Esther is praying with revelation. Amen. She's not just praying. She's praying in her position. She's praying in the will of God. She's praying in the line of duty. Amen. The Bible says that go gather together all the Jews that are present in Shushan and fast you for me and neither eat nor drink three days uh night or day. I also and my maiden will fast likewise and so will I go to the water the king which is not according to the water. If I perish I perish. Yes sir. Now she's no longer a coward. [Applause] Because God because Modi sent a command. Let me say this. The message of Modcai has two part. Yes sir. The message of Modi one is to unveil Hmon. And after unveiling Amen the second part is to unveil Esther. and say Esther you were placed there to handle this. If you notice the court of the pope brotherham said the pope will rise up out of the United States but if you go below brother Brandham said the true church also go read the court my friend it's a double message not to the pope only but to us. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Let's go to chapter 5. I'm going to finish, my friend. Chapter 5, verse three. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Esther got into the palace. When she got no appointment, who killed her? At the beginning, she was afraid. Now she learned a new experience. Amen. At the beginning, she taught her husband can kill her. At the beginning she thought if she make a mistake her husband will slay her. Now she begin to learn something new. Yes sir. Even if she trespass [Applause] the husband pull grace. Yes sir. Yes sir. I don't know if you getting me. Yes sir. At the beginning, he was a god of judgment. A god of the law. The law you enter, they kill you. But the dispensation has changed. When they enter, he was no longer low. Grace was extended. Now say, so he loved me above his law. So he can compromise his law to keep me alive. So now I begin to know how much he love me. You begin to learn God different. The law is for somebody else, not you. You can't help Sarah without hurting Abraham. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Look, as soon as she enter, what does the king say? Verse three, my friend. Esther 5:3. Let's go, my friend. Then said the king unto her. Uhhuh. What wilt thou, Queen Esther? Not what will thou Esther, right? Queen Esther. Amen. I will give you the quote next Sunday. I got the quote. I kept it because sister Sharon is not there waiting for her to be there. She's online. Are we together? Amen. He didn't say Esther. He said Queen Esther. That's right. I call brother Robert. Sister Lorel doesn't do that. Sister Lorel say, "Robert, come on now, brother. I'm the one saying brother Robert. I say sister L'Oreal. Brother Robert say Laurel. But now brother Robert is saying sister Lorel. What is he saying? Queen Esstead of saying hey Es how are you? Say queen E. Position position position. You are not just, you are a queen. What do you want? [Music] Please give me some time. I'm heading toward the airport, my friend. We on verse uh three. Three. Then say the king to her. What will you who? Queen Esther. Normally you should wait for her to answer. The king cannot wait. The king open up another pipe. He say, "And what is your request?" But give her a thumb to Ezra. The king didn't say, he continue again. If it shall be given to you the half of the kingdom. [Laughter] So the king divided the kingdom to half. [Applause] I didn't plan this. Help me move. The kingdom belong to the queen. I'm in a I'm in to the king. Now the king say what do you want? What is your request to the half of the kingdom? What is the queen? What is the king telling the queen? In other word half of my kingdom. [Music] [Applause] Half of my kingdom. I take the other half. Where is the portion of heaven? Where is the portion of heaven? [Applause] If half of the kingdom belong to the queen because we are joint hair. Joint hair. Half of the kingdom belong to us. Yes sir. Amen. Did Esther knew that half of the kingdom belonged to her? Now she begin to have a new revelation that hey so this kingdom here half me half the king. So this kingdom is me and the king. Nobody else [Applause] where are we my friend? Verse three. Verse four. And as the answer, you ready? Watch how she's answering. Not give me yes. Watch. She said, "If it seems good, [Music] [Applause] are we together? Are we together? Not give me. I want your will. if he looks good to you. I don't know if you getting me. They already told you half of the kingdom can be given to you. But despite half of the kingdom is given to me. Ess say no. I know half of the kingdom, but I want what please you for me. If it looks good to you, give me number one. Number one. Number one. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Amen. If it seems good to who? The king. So, whose pleasure is it? The king. Whose will is it? The king. Whose desire is it? The king. My desire is your desire. Amen. Thy will be done. If it seems good to the king, let the king look how she's positioning. Yes, sir. In other words, if it doesn't work, that's f honey. But if it work, father help me. In other word, if you busy, I understand. But if it's okay, if you say no, I'm good. But if you say yes, my request is you and amen. Amen. The king and Amen. Come this day to the banquet that I'm going to prepare. [Applause] [Music] Seed of Abraham to the banquet. I'm going to prepare. She already prepared the banquet, [Music] but she's taking both side. This is what confuses the devil. In other words, Satan, I believe he's going to give it to me. But if he doesn't give, there's no problem. But because I believe, I make preparation. [Music] But if he doesn't give me, I'm good. But I will make preparation in case his will matches my will then the preparation is ready [Applause] [Music] I wish somewhere help me land this airplane my friend he says that the banquet that I have it's already in the past prepare for him she knew now it's my husband look at the king then the king Hey, let me think about it. No, sir. Excuse me. No, sir. Do you see how you approach God? When God hears that, he say so I'm corner. Uhhuh. In other words, she corner God. If I tell you my will, you will say it's my will. Give me your will to this problem. Amen. Now God have no more clue but to answer according to your request. I have to answer his will. That's what she asked. So there is no more no here. You got to know what is going on. He said make haste. Cause Hammond. Hmon to make haste that he may do as [Music] sorry. Let's read it again. Then the king say cause Hmon cause the devil to make haste to that he may do as the king has said Esther as who? Esther has said. So a man need to obey who? Esther. Satan need to obey who? [Applause] In other words, when you talk to a man, don't use my name. Use the name of Esther. I don't know if you are with me. When you tell the devil, don't tell the devil the king is calling you. Say ecasy. Let the devil begin to get used to your name. [Applause] Is he a strange language? Not the devil. Not in the name of Jesus Christ. Uh-uh. The devil knows that. Yes, sir. The devil must know who you are. Yes, sir. Is it a strange doctrine? The demon say Jesus we know. Paul we know. Paul we know. So the devil knew Jesus and Paul. The devil knew Jesus and William Brham. But today [Applause] it is not William Brham. It is the devil need to know God and me. [Music] Tell the devil brother Steven is coming. Yes sir. [Music] Hallelujah. Is that a problem? Because the message and his message are one. So when brother Brandham is coming the message is coming today. The message is in the bread. The bride is the word. [Music] [Applause] My friend, you continue with your humility. I'm not I'm not a proud, but I'm confident. When I get somewhere, I'm confident because I know who I [Applause] am. I cannot shake before I'm believer. I'm going to an interview. I don't shake before I'm believing. [Applause] [Music] Where are we at, my friend? Verse uh five five he says that he may do as Esther have said. So the king and Ammon did what? Came to the banquet that Esther has what? Prepared. And the king said to Esther at the banquet of wine, I won't touch this banquet. We already touch it. The second one is where we stop. We never touch at the bank. This this is the first banquet. At the banquet of one, one is your petition and it shall be what? Granted thee. In other words, whatever you push is coming. Just push the button. Is coming. It will be granted unto you. And what is your request? Even why is the king keep remanding? Even what? To the half of the kingdom. Why is he coming? Why? Why is it just the half to the half of the kingdom? It shall be what? Performed. Let's see. Queen Esther verse seven. Then answer Esther and say my petition and my request is ah now Esther is going to tell us. Now Esther is going to tell us. Watch again is if I have found favor. Ah my thy will be done. Now in other words the king keep pushing. Says saying I'm not saying you say you say say. So they're playing ping pong. Say don't say you say I say say you say. Amen. He said if I have found favor in that sight in the sight of the king and if he pleases the king. In other words which pleasure is it? Whose will is it? Whose desire is it? If it pleases the king to grant my petition. In other words, if you don't if you say no, honey, our relationship is still there. Exactly. Right. What a love. In other words, when you approaching God like this, you showing your love toward him. You telling God, I love you. No matter what, whether you give me or not, I still love you. God can't stand those types. He says, "If it pleases the king to grant my petition and to perform my request, let the king and Amen came to the banquet that sh I shall prepare for them what and and I will do tomorrow." You already have a plan to prepare. Who told you the king is available? [Laughter] I hope now you are learning how to pray that I shall prepare for and I will do tomorrow as the king has watered said. Are we together? Go to verse seven. Almost done. Chapter 7. Oh God. Father help me. Eight. Brother John. Almost landing. Seven. You there? Amen. Cuz I don't want to stop here. Let's finish Esther so we pick up Christ next week. Lord willing. Amen. Seven verse one. So the king and Amon came to the banquet. The second banquet. This is where we stop. That's right. With Esther the queen and the king say again to Esther ping pong on the second day at the banquet of the one. What is your petition queen Esther? In other words, you are tormenting me. I got used to people asking me things all the time. You are coming disturbing me now. You are you are puzzling me. I don't know what you want. You say if I want just tell me what you want. A good way to disturb a man. [Applause] Do you want me? Do you want do you want a new car? If you will, you will have that car. You will have that because his pastor he was expecting. Yes. You say if you will, if there is no payment, if if you don't have money, don't even worry, honey. Just leave it alone. I'm good with the car I have. [Music] I must give her that car. I'm teaching you even marriage. Not I want that car. No, no, no, no, no. Honey, I'm good. We are not in married couple. Let's go here. Where are we at? Verse one. He say on the second day at the banquet of one, what is that word that petition queen Esther and it shall be granted to you? And what is your request? And it shall be performed again even to the what half of the kingdom. Then Esther the queen answered and say, if I have found what favor in your sight, oh king, and if he please, let my life be given me at what? My petition and my people at what? My request. For the first time, the identification is infold. I'm a Jew. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Amen. [Applause] Esther, open up her identity. I'm a Jew. Let's see when the identity is open. What does he do to amen? The second coming is hidden here but I can't touch it. He says my friend he says for we are sold I and my people to be destroyed. Ah so those Jews that they want to kill you also are there and to be slain to be slain and to perish. But if we have been sold for born men and born women, I had my tongue. Although the enemy could not contravail the king's damage. In other words, damage to the king. Then the king has a censored and say to Esther the queen, who is he? When your identity is unveiled, he get the king upset. Yes, he does. Who is he? And where is he? Not just who, but where is he? That's right. That day presume brother Brandham say adventuring without authority presume in his heart to do so. And Esther say the adversary Satana and the enemy is this wicked who? Amen. in the face. Then Hmon was how afraid before who? The king. And the queen. When you are done, it is revealed. Now it is no longer Christ. It is no longer Jesus. It is Jesus and Paul. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? Amen. Go to chapter eight. Hallelujah. Go to chapter eight, my friend. Go to verse three. I'm skipping. And Esther spoke yet again before the king and fell down at his feet and besought him with tears. This is where I'm going to get to Christ to put away the mischief of Hmon the Aagar and the device that he had devised against the Jews. Then the king held out the golden scepter toward Esther. So Esther arose and stood before the king and said, "If he please the king, and if I have found favor in his sight, and the thing seems right before the king, not before me, and I be pleasing in his eyes, Esther, I thought you were pleased above all the women, and I be pleased in his sight. Let it be written another. So every request Esther is coming with he always give both side but she pushes the request. Let it be written to reverse the letter devised by Hmon the son of Hamad the Aakite which he wrote to destroy the Jews with in the king's province. Amen. Verse seven. Then the king of Hazarus said to Esther the queen and to Morca the Jew, "Behold, I have given Esther the house of Amen." The house of Amen is given to Esther. House of hell sir. Give way. [Applause] The whole house of him. Hell you have a you you are controlling it. I have given him and him that and him they have hang upon the gallow because he laid his hand upon the Jew. Write to you also. Who's going to write? Esther. Esther for the Jew as he likes you the way you want. In the king's name. Oh, who's writing? Esther. Under which name? The king's name. You are coming under which name? The king's name. If you come in my name, you are coming in that name. In the king's name, and seal it with the what? King's ring. For the running which is written in the king's name and seal with the king's ring, may no man do what? Reverse. So you got the king seal. And you are riding in the name of the king. So who are you? Are we together? Verse 17. And in every province and in every city, wherever the king's commandment and decree came that Esther wrote, the Jews had joy and what? And what? A feast. And a what? And a good day. And many of the people of the land became Jews. So he got convert. Somebody gave his life to the Lord. The pressure of Amen begin to bring souls. You remember Lazarus begin to bring souls. There was a purpose. And then many became Jews for the fear of the Jews did what? And we finishing here chapter 9 verse 12. Let's finish here. And the king said to Esther the queen, "The Jew have slain the destroy uh uh slain and destroy 500 men in Sushan the palace and 10 son of Hmon. What have they done in the rest of the king's province?" Now what is your petition? You can never exhaust God. He want to be continue to bother him. You remember the quote? Amen. Now it's the king keep bothering yesterday. You don't ask. You don't ask. You asking leader what else? Keep asking. Amen. Amen. What have they done to the rest of the king's province? Now, what is your petition and it shall be granted to you? Or what is your request further? Amen. And it shall be done. Then Esther say again if he pleased the king let it be granted to the Jews which are in Shushan to do tomorrow also according to this day's degree and let Hmon's sons be hang upon the gallow every request of Esther never change I want to match your will I want to please you want to your desire but if it doesn't work, I'm still there. If it doesn't work, I'm still your queen. If you didn't give it to me, you won't change anything. I'm still yours. I still belong to you. Amen. But one thing that it is, every request she asked was answered because God answer every prayer. Don't be scared of the devil. Remember who you are. Remember your identity. Remember, you were created before the devil. Amen. Amen. Let's stop here. God bless you. Let's stand. [Applause] We will pick up next Sunday on Christ. Sometime your will is his will. Sometime your will some of your prayer man match his will some not. Sometime you are completely off. God send the spirit to help us to help us in our infirmities in our prayers. So now you begin to understand that you got request that you pray years ago. You got things that you still holding on to the Lord to give it to you. And sometime you are trouble because it seems like things are not rolling the way you want to be roll. It doesn't mean God have not heard your prayer. It's a matter of time. It's a matter of season. It's a matter of purpose. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I will show you how Christ is reacting in his humanity and you will see that you're not different than Jesus. Amen. Just pray for me and you will see how you are not different than Jesus. Amen. Amen. Do you know that Jesus say Lord Lord why have you forgotten me? So if you say God I believe that you forsake me. What is the difference? Jesus say the same thing. We will get to that. Heavenly father Lord we approaching you humbly again. Father, this afternoon, Lord, we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy, and for speaking to our soul. And Lord, we know that somebody was blessed, somebody was delivered, and somebody's leaving this place different than the way they came in. Lord, may you take what has been spoken this morning and bring it way deep in the heart of your people because the hour has come that Lord, Father, the manifestation of the sons of God must be revealed to this world. Lord, if the devil is expressing everything that he can bluntly until we don't even know how women are wearing our dressing on the street, Father, if they can so display hell publicly like this, How much more should we display heaven on our side Lord? Father, help us. Help your children, help this church, help the bride world do, Lord, Lord, Lord, that we can be so center into your word that everything that we do matches, pleases you and be your desire and your will and your purpose for our life. We commit the oncoming week unto the hand. May you give us travel mercy and be with us and bless us as we humbly ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you church. We love you. [Applause] Uh before we dismiss, I want to remind the choir we do have practice after service. Years I spent in vanity and pride. Caring not my Lord was crucified. Knowing not it was for me. He died on Calary. You know that mercy there was great and grace was free. There was multiply to me there my soul. Y'all are dismissed. We're going to finish the song. Amen. Hallelujah. Now by God's word at last my sin I learned. There I trembled at the law. I spar my guilty soul bring to calary. You know that mercy there was great and grace was free and there was multiply to me there my liberty and calary. Now I give to Jesus everything. And now I gladly own him as my king. Now my raptured soul can hold on. You know that there was praise was free. There was [Music] multip through salvation plan and all the grace that brought it down to earth. Oh mighty Lord and God this [Applause] man. You know that there was great and grace was free. There was one [Music] my calary. You know that was great and grace was free. My name was his way to me. My soul will live at Calary. Oh, sing the wonderous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. in the manion. Bright and blessed be prepare for us a place. Now when we all get together, what a day our [Music] reorder will sing and shout the victory. So while we walk this pilgrim pathway, cloud will over spread the sky. But when traveling with our [Music] shing there will be when we Jesus will sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glance of giving glory will [Music] joining me. [Music] Every Jesus will sing and shout the victory. So onward to that price before us. Soon his beauty will be home. [Music] [Applause] Earth and we shall go when we get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing. When we are we sing and shout when [Music] we rejoicing there will be when we sing and shout the victory. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
