################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 61 - Bro Stephen Shembo - Stephen Shembo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   Our Journey Through Joseph's Five Garments; Part 61 - Bro Stephen Shembo
Speaker: Stephen Shembo
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfn81dzjF0Y
========================================

and his love is to you to give you that what you ask for. Do you believe that? Then Lord God omnipotent, we pray that you will manifest your blessings to this woman and give to her and reward her according to her faith through Christ's name. We ask this. Amen. The Lord bless you, my sister. And as you have believed, so will it be unto you. God be with you. Now, how do you do, sir? I suppose that you and I are total strangers to each other. I never met you in my life as I know of. But you are aware that something's going on. And that is the feeling that you have now. You don't get that by standing by a man. It's his presence that the audience might know. Would you raise your hand if there's a sweet humble feeling around you? You feel the spirit of the Lord. Raise up your hand. There's something connected with this man about waters or across the sea. Now I see a woman also near him. It's in vision. And it is a woman here. She sits right here with a little red hat on. And I see waters and she's praying about someone. It's a relative. It's a man. It's her brother. And the man is sick unto death if God doesn't heal him because he's got a tumor in his breast. And he doesn't live here. He lives across the seas in Norway. It's a great hilly naughty country. That's thus sayeth the Lord. Have faith in God and say to this mountain, "Be ye raised up and thrown into the sea." Don't doubt. But if you don't believe right now, something will turn loose. This man's connected with some sort of overseas water. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Once my soul was [Music] array from the heavenly way and was wretched and vi could be. But my savior above gave me peace, joy and love when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] When he reached down his hand for me when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] I was lost and unknown without God or his son when he reached down his hands for you. Let's sing a little bit more of this this morning. Amen. I was fearing despair when he came to be there. And he showed me that I could be free. And he lifted my feet, gave me glory complete when he reached down his hand. For let's sing the next verse. How my heart does rejoice. Amen. How my heart does rejoice since I made him my choice. From the tempest to him. Now I flee. Now I bleed. On his arms, I'm secure from a heart since he reached down his hand for me when he reached. Amen. When he reach down his hand for me when he reached way down for me. [Music] I was lost and undone without God or his son. When he reach down his hand for me, let's sing the last. Amen. Now since the [Music] Lord gave me peace of heavenly joy never cease. Lord I give all my life to thee. [Music] Guide my feet, hold my hand. Grant with thee I may stand. For you reach down your hand for me. [Music] When he reached down his hand for [Music] me when he reach out his hand for me. [Music] I was lost without God or his son. And he reached down his hand for me. [Music] Oh, when he reached down his hand for me. [Music] When he reached down his hand for me. I was lost and undone without God or his son. when he reached down his hand for you, Lord God. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Lord, thank you for reaching down your hand for everyone here, Lord. each person. Lord, we might not have been in the same trouble, Lord, but your mercy was great and your grace was great and you showed us mercy, Lord. And you showed us that grace, Lord. And you saved us, Lord. [Music] Your death on the cross, Lord, was a mighty thing, Lord, and you saved us. We can't begin to express our gratitude, Lord. It doesn't matter, Lord, whether it's 11th hour, Lord, or in the morning, Lord, or whenever, Lord, your grace and mercy are great, Lord, in our lives. Amen. and how we just want to come this morning, Lord. We want to worship you, Lord. We want to praise your name, Lord. We want to let you know how grateful we are, Lord God. But we're also here for more, Lord God. More and more and more, Lord. As brother Zach sings, Lord, I was made for more. And we are here for our portion. Lord, give us this day, Father, our Father, our daily bread, Lord. And Lord, also forgive us of our trespasses, Lord, as we forgive, Lord, those who might trespass against us. Have mercy today, Lord God. Bless your people this morning, Lord. Bless that precious word that's about to come forth, Lord. And as we till the ground, Lord, may it all be good soil where the seed falls. Lord, we have no doubt about that. Lord, this is a precious people that you will bring this word to. Lord God, bless our musicians this morning, our singers. Lord, bless our technicians. Lord, bless our dear pastor. Lord, bless the family that's grieving. Lord, we are grieving heavily with them, Lord God. When one hurts, Lord, we all hurt. So we thank you, Father. We thank you for the unity and the love that you've given this congregation. No malice, no strife, no backbiting, no jealousy or envy. Just godly love, pure agape love. Lord, if we're lacking, Lord, help us. Forgive us and grant it to us, Lord. We give this service to you. Bless those that still may be in route. Lord, give this service to you, Lord. In the precious name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Let's give him a clap offering. Turn around and greet your neighbor as well and say, "Welcome to the house of the Lord today." Amen. [Music] When we stand in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before us in that preious name of Jesus. We have the [Music] victory. So in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. Yes. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. So we stand in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can [Music] stand in the precious name of Jesus. We have the Lord. Sing it one more time. In the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus. We have the victory in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, divine [Music] to stand in the name of Jesus. Tell me who can stand before that preious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Well, I'm born born again. Well, thank God I'm born again. Born born again. Well, thank God I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. I'm going to see my Jesus someday. I'm going up and I won't turn back. I'm born. Let's start. Let's sing. Oh, I'm born. Born again. Well, thank God I'm born again. Born, born, born again. Well, thank God I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. Born of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. I'll come my way up and I won't turn back. I'm going to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Well, a goodbye world. I stay along with you. Well, a [Music] goodbye. I stay along with you. I go that way of my life. I to go that way the rest of my life. Well, goodbye world. I stay along with you. Goodbye. I stay along with you. I go that way the rest of my life. I go that way the rest of my life. I am under the rock. The rock is higher than I hold my high. I am under the rock. Well, don't tell my I am under the rock. Behold, I hide me. I am under the rock. Yes, I am under the rock. The rock is higher than high. Behold my I am under the rock. Tell my enemy I am under the rock. Behold I hide me. I am under the rock. Jesus name so sweet. Emmanuel's name so sweet. Jesus name is so sweet. Emmanuel's name so sweet. Jesus name so sweet. Emmanuel's name so sweet. Jesus name so sweet so sweet. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I'm going to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up when I walk down. I'm going to see my Jesus come. Fire, fire, fire, fire upon me. Fire, fire, fire on me. Fire on me. My name follow me. [Music] Fire on me. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire on me. On the day of Pentecost. Fire. On the day of Pentecost. That fire. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank y'all for helping me out on that fire, fire fire. I had no idea. That's almost a little Caribbean sound in there, ain't it? Praise God. I want to sing the days of Elijah this morning. Amen. Cuz you know, there's one there's one here that says he's rebuilding the temple. Well, it ain't talking about, you know, like an addition behind a church. It's talking about this temple right here and that one right there and that one. So, let's let's sing and give him praise because you know I've changed it where it says, "Behold, he comes riding on the clouds." And I don't know if they've got them, but I've changed it to behold he's come. This is already in the past. He came riding in the clouds. Amen. And now we worship him according to the revelation of the mystery of God as we are ordained. Amen. Praise [Music] God. Amen. Well, these are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of your serant Moses right next door. and all these are days of great triumph and darkness and still we are the voice in the desert crying preparing the way of the Lord. Behold he come light shining on the cloud shining like the sun. As the trumpet calls your Lord give up you believe and out of time until sales. [Music] Now these are the days of Ezekiel. The dry bones becoming as flesh. Amen. And these are the days of your [Music] ser. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are fighting your word and we are the laborers in your declaring the word of the Lord the holy God shining on the cloud shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee until salvation. Hallelujah. Let's sing it now. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud. Shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Your voice is the year of jubile. As I as I [Music] sal like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding like the clouds, shining like the sun. And the trumpet pro to the year of jubilee. And as I [Music] saling on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet. Lift your voice to the gear of jubilee. And I don't die until sal. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Amen. You know, this is one of the greatest times to live in. And we are such a privileged people. Can y'all stand with me just one minute? I have one uh praise report and one prayer request. We're going to ask brother Michael Omachch if he would come up and pray uh here in just a minute. Um I found out that um Sister Teres received an associate degree. She has graduated that with an associate degree when was it Friday or Saturday? Amen. Praise God. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. [Applause] Congratulations. A lot of work. A lot of work. I couldn't imagine being in school today. It was hard in the back then. I won't say when. Amen. I have one prayer request. If Brother Michael wouldn't mind making his way up. Um, let's continue to keep uh Sister Pam and the Daniel family in our prayers for the grieving time. Sister, we're also rejoicing. Amen. Brother D uh Andrew, we are we're happy. We're very happy, but we understand. Amen. Come on up, brother Mike. If y'all haven't unspoken as well, let's acknowledge. God bless you all. Let us be happy in the house of the Lord. This is the only place we can shed away everything. Okay? It doesn't matter what the devil is trying to put on us. We are winners. Let us pray. Father, in the name of Jesus, we come before you, oh God. We humbly present ourselves to you. We have come to your house with one part, one desire, oh Lord, to see Jesus. But this Jesus that we have here, Lord, your bride is right here. We are not waiting for a big Jesus. The bride is here and is ready to meet the husband. Oh father, and we want to thank you for what you are doing for us every day from the pullpit to to the genital. Lord, have mercy on us. Oh father, as we gather today, oh God, we know we have promises in Jesus. Jesus is our promise for healing, for resurrection, for comfort. with all these promises are hid in Jesus and we we come just as we are oh Lord remind me how brother Seth was preaching on Wednesday and he say there's no good in us but God is good the God that is in us is good he's a good God so we expect to meet a good God today come down father and speak to your children thank you for the successes in your children. Thank you for sister Terresa. My heart has leaped with joy to see brother Andrew and sister Pamela. What gallant soldiers? Oh father, one of these days, oh father, you have given us a promise in Jesus that you will wipe away our tears and you will tell us welcome home. It's all over now. No battle to be fought again. We look forward to that great day. Father, we can see it very very close. Now we pray for our pastor as he come to take his position. Lord Jesus, we to take a hold of him, oh father, let him speak, oh father. Oh Lord Jesus Christ, speak to your children. Speak healing. Speak comfort. Speak joy, Father. And at the end of it, Father, and we go home, we'll say, Lord, you spoke to us. Amen. and we go out ready to fight for the weak. Father, thank you Lord even for the tithes and offerings. Bless them father for the gospel. Our father in Jesus name we pray. Amen. We have uh we have two specials this morning. I'm going to invite brother Tmaine up to sing this morning. Amen. Praise God. [Music] God bless you, saints. Everybody good? Well, I'm good, too. God bless you. Love you. Uh, it's been a while. So, uh, Lord, leave me a song on my heart. So, y'all pray with me and, um, Lord willing to be a blessing to y'all as well. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Amen. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Because of who you are, I give you glory. Thank you, Lord. Because of who you are, I give you praise. Because of who you are, I will lift my voice and say, Lord, I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You're Jehovah Gyra, my proider. Thank you, Lord. Jehovah n Lord you reigning. Lord your rainy victory. Jehovah shallong. You're my prince of peace. the prince of peace. And I worship you because of who you are. And Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You see your Jehovah, Lord, my provider. [Music] Jehovah na [Music] Lord you reign. You reign. You reign in the victory. Jehovah shalom. You're my prince of peace, my and I worship you because of who you are. You see, you're Jehovah. Lord, my provider. Oh, you made a way when there seemed to be no way in. Lord, [Music] you victory. Jehovah. [Music] You're my prince of peace. My prince of I worship you. I worship you. [Music] Lord, I will worship you. Lord, I worship you. Sometimes you got to tell the devil, it's no other mighty God than the one we serve. It's not Donald Trump. It's not the priest. His name is Jesus Christ. I don't know what's going on, but now it's over. In the name of Jesus Christ, we are going to win. We are going to win. We are going away. Don't worry about nothing. God said he got all of us. He got all of us. In the name of Jesus Christ, I proclaim victory over the devil. I proclaim victory. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. You are you see you're Jehovah Gyra my provider my proider Jehovah nation Jehovah Jesus you Lord you reign you in victory Jehovah shadow you're my peace [Music] of and Lord I worship you. Lord I worship you. I was born to worship you. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Lord I worship you because of who you are. [Applause] God bless you saint. God bless you. [Applause] Woo! Glory! Glory! Glory! [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah! [Applause] Glory! Hallelujah! [Applause] Glory! I'm going to tell you something though. He need to be ashamed of himself for not singing sooner. Amen. God bless you. You let us know, brother. Let us know. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. That was powerful. Lord, I worship you because of who you are. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Every time I try to make it on my own. Every time I try to stand and start to fall and all those lonely road that I have traveled on, there was [Music] Jesus. When the life I built came crashing to the ground. When the praise I had were nowhere to be found, I couldn't see him that I can see now. There was Jesus in a way in a searching in a he broken pieces. Every minute, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I need your Jesus, for these men who need amazing kind of grace, for forgiveness had a price I couldn't pay. I'm not perfect. So I thank God [Music] every there was Jesus. [Music] Jesus in a way, in a searching, in a healing, in a hurting like blessing in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment where [Music] I keep it, I couldn't see. There was Jesus on the mountain in the valley. There was Jesus in the shadow of the valley. There was Jesus. The fire in the blood. There was Jesus always was. There was Jesus. There was Jesus in the waiting. In the waiting, in the searching, in the healing, in the hurting, like the blessing be the broken pieces. Every feeling, every moment I've been, where I'm going, even when I need it, I could see it. There was [Music] Jesus. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Can we stand this morning? There's a blessing in the broken pieces. That's a big statement. Amen. Let's invite our pastor out. Put your bib ups on for the word and let's just eat it up today. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, believe [Music] Only believe. [Music] All things are [Music] possible. Only believe. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. All things are possible. Holy believe Lord. I believe Lord. I believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] I [Music] believe I believe [Music] all things are [Music] possible Lord I one more time Jesus is to your pleasing Jesus is king. [Music] Jesus is king. All things are possible. Oh, Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. [Music] All things are passive. [Music] Jesus is here. Amen. You believe it this morning. Let's give him a big clap of Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. God richly bless you. You may be seated a little bit. Can you hear me? Okay. Praise be to the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Shake somebody's hand beside you and say, "God bless you and welcome to the house of the Lord." We want to see people smiling. People happy. Amen. When they come into the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Forget about all your trouble. Brother Tine already dealt with it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Never come to the house of the Lord with a low energy. Don't worry, I will get into that. I will get into that. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Amen. Any family members here, any new subscriber online, welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle. Amen. Where the message of Brother Branam is yummy. [Laughter] Amen. We got uh saints that came in to comfort the family. And also if this is your first time or second time to come to the church, we just want everybody to stand. those that came first time and let's just welcome you in the name of the Lord. Thank you very much. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Welcome. Welcome to Spoken Way. You may be seated. Amen. I believe over there that's brother Phillip and your wife and then sister Rebecca the daughter. Amen. And I know sister Lucy and sister Brenda Jones are streaming online. So God richly bless you where you are. They're cooking some food. So, God bless you. Amen. Glory. Glory to God. I believe we are all up to date with the sermon. We're reading our Bible twice a day. Our cood book, Church Ages, 70 weeks of Daniel, the seals adoption. Or somebody is listening or reading the message of the hour. Amen. Glory to God. Our question and answer. I'm still waiting on the deacon to come up with the date, but uh married couple meeting, we will work it up and then tell you the date. It probably maybe two month or three month by God's grace. So, let's work up and make sure uh we got a a clear date. So if I sent you a date, you have probably 24 hours to respond back to me quickly if there is something that is blocking or or or you're not going to make it versus you sit quiet and then before you know it, this one is not going to be there. This one is not going to be there and we already prepare everything. So if I send a date, just respond quickly. You say, "Brother Stephen, I have something that is blocking so we can see if we can maneuver around the date because the venue is not ours." So we cannot definitely say that this is the date that we want. So just respond so we know exactly what to do. Amen. And Lord's willing on June the 7, that's when the youngs man is. We start with courtship and the building. You keep praying for us. You see what is going on there. But the cruise of oil and meal is running low. So we need some Elijah to speak the word. Amen. I I hope uh I believe you already understand my message. We need Sam Elijah to do what? Speak. Ah, we need somebody to speak the word, right, Sister Teresa? Uh, congratulation. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So, make sure you keep praying and do what you got to do. Stay with faith. But brother set love some works. He's not here. He should have said amen. But he's in the back. Sooner he will be here. Amen. Glory to God. At the end of the service, I I thought it's going to be around 2:00, but it will be around 300 p.m. That's when the family will have a private viewing for the family. The public one, Lord's willing, I believe it will be tomorrow for those who can make it. But if somebody want to comfort the family and you plan to do it today when service is over, you can go straight to the house. You will see sister Pam's sister and the other one will be there. You can meet them. But just know that at 3:00 they will go privately and then come back again. So if you want to visit, you can go ahead. So there is no pressure with the time here. Everything is okay. So don't put any pressure like we need to go. No, no, no. Everything is okay. Amen. Give preeminence to the word. Brother Alvin is in a perfect place because he cleaned up everything and corrected everything and he went to be home with the Lord. So the prayer of a father and a mother have finally come to the Amen. [Applause] Amen. We should even learn how to be strong in times like this because she have all the right to stay home. But she's right here in the service with brother Andrew. So somebody's showing to the devil which side they are. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So it's a celebration. It's not a morning. It's a celebration because we know with the fulfillment of the prophecy and everything, the Lord is coming sooner. Amen. If you were in the time of Ephesus, you can say, "Well, there is six more ages to go." Uhuh. We are not there. We in Laadia and the Pope is already there. And so there is not too long we will meet again with our loved one and never to be separated. Amen. Glory to God. On the other side I'm going to call brother Sabin and sister Espirans so you can see them first before we pray for them because they have 30 years of marriages. Amen. Glory to God. You can stand right here. God bless you, my brother. Thank you and congratulations. Congratulations, Sister HP. You can face the congregation so you see how they look. So, let's give the Lord a big clap offering. This is what we want to see. 30 years of marriage. Mate that came from eternity and they going back to eternity together. Amen. Amen. You can't hide this. Brother Seb, how do you feel? [Laughter] [Applause] I gave brother Manhattan a chance to speak. So there is no way I can let you sit here stand here without saying something. Just say something to the church so they hear. If I tell sister Esper, she will be she can't take that one. Amen. But brother Sabin, at least you can say something to the church. I can translate you if you want to. I don't have words. I can only say thank you to the Lord. 30 years of marriage is not easy. I was married when I was 26 and my wife was 19. Uh it was an age we could forsake one another. But by the grace of God, we are here 30 years together. Sister Esper, at least say one word. Just one word. You see the microphone is matching your dress. [Applause] I just want to say thank you to the Lord. 30 years it's not easy and I and I would like to say thank you to my pastor, brother Steven and for the whole church. Thank you. [Applause] Praise God. So let's pray for them. You pray with me together so that from now on God continue to bless them even more with all the training in married couple meeting. You are doomed for success. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you again humbly this morning. Father, we thank you for this wonderful, beautiful couple again, Lord. Father, that you have given to this generation as an example of a reflection, Lord, Father, of people that you have unite, Lord. People that started from eternity, they stepping in time, Lord, and they are together as one unit, Lord, Father, moving forward unto the coming of the Lord. Lord Jesus Christ I bless again this couple Lord if there is any sickness or trouble that have come through the years Lord Father because of aging of things Lord Father I pray that the Holy Spirit permeate their body and Father heal them completely Father touch their life in every aspect Lord and give them the desire of your heart Lord Father we bless them Lord Father abundantly in the name of Jesus Christ protect them until we meet you in the air, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you. Let's give the Lord a big. You see how it's a good thing to be married? Yes, sir. Amen. A good thing to be married. Amen. 30 years. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. If you tell one another, do you want to go back to your parent and say we stay right here? Amen. Glory, glory, glory to God. Brother John, Brother Kelly, Brother John, Brother Robert, I believe I got everything clear, squared away by God's grace. So, let's uh get into the word of God. And flight attendant, you prepare for takeoff. Amen. I know some of you when I look at your faces, I can tell what the devil has been doing. But I'm going to deal with that devil. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yes. Some folks are not there for some reason. It seems like every Sunday somebody managed to go out and then this one come and this one go out. This one come and this one go out. I'm like, what? What's going on? Amen. The reason why because I have material that I have to drop and I will ask my brother if he can. I know he might be tired but JM is doing a good job but if you can I want this material to soak in very good. So when you get a chance if you can translate and make sure this is permeating completely so we can deal with certain things. Amen. If you do good today, then Lord's willing next Sunday I will pick up in Paul and pray. And then if you do good with Paul, then I pick up on what do you do when you are in season and what do you do when you are out of season? That's good. Then when you get there, we continue to move. If you do good, so you promise to do good. So let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this morning, Father. Lord, we thank you for your grace, for your love, your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as I can go with the ability that you have given me as a human being, Lord. But when it come to speaking to your bride and to blessing them, it's only a supernatural action of the Holy Spirit. Father, may you move me completely out of the way. May you come down and be the one preaching, the one interpreting and the one ministering to your people and blessing and healing because you are God who is all in all in us Lord. Father bless us and seal the devil completely out Lord. Father may you bring us together into focus into your word as we commit it all unto thy hand in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Let's go to Jeremiah 29. Everybody looking good and I'm happy. Amen. When you look good, you need to smile. You cannot look good with a frown face. You look good, you smile. Amen. Amen. My son was telling my wife, he say, "Mama, you look good." I say, "Hey, what? How? How do you say you look good to my wife before I did it? I'm the one to do it first because she's my wife and he usually say mommy's mine. I say little lion wait till you grow up and your voice change and you start roaring. Have I say something wrong? Have I say something wrong? Ah, so it's at least it's relaxing. Right, brother Mickey? Ah, let's go to Jeremiah 29. Let's stay focused so we can drop this completely. Amen. Glory to God. My subject this morning is our life journey through Joseph's five garment part 61. How did you get there? My theme today is divine purpose. Are we there? Versus humanity. That's why I want you all to really focus. If you're sleeping, just know the devil don't want you to hear this. Wake up. So you see somebody sleeping, you just tell them, "God bless you." Let's go to Jeremiah 29 verse 11. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible say for I know who knows you. God. Ah, I know the thoughts plural that I think toward you. So if nobody's thinking about you, God is thinking about you. [Music] There is a God in heaven who doesn't sleep nor slumber. He's thinking about you. Even when you feel like you're lonely, no, there is somebody thinking about you. There is a God in heaven. You may be seated. He says, "I know the thoughts that I have toward you." Amen, says the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. So the beginning of the thoughts of God when we are dealing with the thoughts of God toward us in the beginning. Amen. They are thoughts of peace. They are good thoughts. Amen. Amen. And the ending is also good. It's hopeful. It's expected. Are we together? If you notice, God is talking about the beginning, right? Amen. And he's talking about the ending because he himself is the beginning. Amen. Amen, brother. Amen. And the ending. Because once you get the beginning and the ending locked, whatever happen in between is nothing. You must secure the beginning. Are we together? And then you secure the end. If you secure the beginning and the end, whatever is in between have to uh adjust itself. To become the end. I don't know if you Okay. In other words, whatever the devil is doing here, just know that the end is going to be good. Because the beginning is already good. And God sees the ending in the beginning. From the beginning, he already seen the ending. That's why he's alpha and omega. That's why he's the A and the Z. He's the Reuben and the Benjamin. The beginning and the end, the amen of God. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? I got thoughts that I'm thinking. thoughts of peace, good thoughts to give you an expected end, a good and hopeful, something good up there. If you notice, he doesn't say anything about what is in between. Follow me carefully. Are we together? Are we together? Let's go to 1 Corinthian chapter 2. Oh, glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh, I'm sorry for those on the camera. Every time I take my jacket off, the camera readjusts to the color and then make it a little bit darker, especially when it's auto. So, people say the image is a little bit darker. I got a projector behind me. So, just to give you some answers. 1 Corinthian 2. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Verse seven, please follow me carefully. I wish all of you were here. Amen. Amen. Verse seven. You there? Yes, sir. The Bible say, "But we speak," are we clear? Amen. Yes. The wisdom of God. You know who the wisdom of God is, right? Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Uh stay right there. Go to chapter one because I don't want people to say brother Stephen say go to chapter one verse 24. Can you read with me? But to them which are called both who and Jews and Greeks Christ the what? God and the what? So the wisdom of God is who? Christ. We clear now. Now let's go back to second chapter 2 verse 7 and Paul say we speak what in other word we we we are preaching about who we clear now we preach Christ amen we speak the wisdom of God how the mystery Paul was preaching how mystery mystery so why are we having a problem with a mystery that's mystery Good question. He said we speak the wisdom of God. How? In a mystery. In a mystery. What type of mystery? Come on. Even the what? Hidden wisdom. So it's not a crust that everybody knows. We are preaching a crust that has been hidden. A crust that you can look, you can read the Bible and you won't see that crust until the Lord open up to you. It's an intimate crust. It's a crust that only revealed to his own elect. I hope we are together. And Paul say we preach that Christ in a mystery. Amen. Even the what? The hidden mystery of God. Amen. The hidden mystery which God did what? Ordained. Ordain or predestinated or prepare? Ordain before the world to our what? Glory. So the mystery of God, the purpose of it, Yes sir. Yes sir. is to do what? For our glory. For our glory. For the glory of who? Us. So the purpose of the mystery of God is for our glory. So if you see the mystery of God being revealed that's why brother Brandham preach Christ is the mystery of God. What it is for our glory. So you should love mysteries especially when they are open because a reveal mystery is for your glory. Are we together? Amen. So God had a hidden mystery before the foundation of the world. Amen. Before the foundation of the word, the world God have a hidden mystery. Amen. And Paul is saying that that mystery the purpose the destination the address. Yes. Where they have to deliver that mystery. It is for our glory. Amen. So now we know the beginning is a good mystery. And the end is going to bring our glory. So if you want your glory, you need to find the mystery. That's right. Amen. Okay. Are we together? Are we together? We clear now. Amen. Now, how do we get from a hidden mystery to the mystery becoming our glory? We clear? Yes, sir. Verse eight. You will need your scripture, your Bible. The Bible say that mystery which none of the princes of this world knew. Watch out. None of them. Are we together? The princes. None of them knew. For had they know it, in other words, if they would have known what God have in reserve for you. If what if if they would have known your package of glory, are we together? Follow me, my friend. The Bible say they would not have what? Crucified crucified the Lord of what? Glory. In other word, if they would have known that what I'm doing now, come on. Come on. Will bless brother Charles. The devil would have left it alone. I I don't know if we together. I'm trying to leave the airport, my friend. Amen. If they would have known the mystery, they would not have killed Jesus Christ. That's right. Are we together? So God blinded them. Amen. Because what God purpose must happen. Are we together? God blinded them so that they can crucify Jesus Christ. Is the crucifixion good or bad? [Applause] Today you see how you answering now. Yes. Do you know the crucifixion? The crucifixion means they put you naked before your mother and your father, before your friends, they nail you at the cross. They spit on you and they make fun of you. Is it good? But without that, your glory cannot come. Amen. Amen. I hope we together. [Music] I hope we are together. Remember to develop your picture, we need trouble. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Are you still elementary or what? To develop your picture, we still need trouble because without trouble, God blinded them. Amen. Amen. Do you know why they crucified Jesus Christ? Do you know why they crucify Joseph? I'm saying that that way. Do you know why they sold Joseph? Hallelujah. You there? The Bible says in Acts 7:9, the patriarch patriarch moved with what? Envy. Jealousy. Amen. And did what? Sold Joseph into Egypt. But God was with him. Amen. That jealousy was important. [Applause] [Music] I hope we are together. Without jealousy, no glory. Without jealousy against Joseph, no glory in Egypt. It takes jealousy to send Joseph to the destination. I hope we are together. And Joseph was a perfect type of Jesus Christ. If Joseph was sent to his destination by jealousy, what do you expect Jesus Christ to be sent to his destination? By what? Jealousy. Ah, the Bible says in Mark 15:9, "But Pilate answered them, saying, "What will ye that I release unto you the king of the Jews?" For he knew that the chief priest have delivered him for what? Envy. But the chief priest moved the people that they that that that he should rather release who in other word even when the Jews say crucify him, it was not them. It was the teaching of the Pharisee. It was the anointing for the Pharisee that entered the people and they begin to call for the blood of Jesus Christ. It was the anointing from the minister, [Applause] the anointing from the preachers, the anointing from the pastor and that anointing enter the congregation and the congregation begin to hurt so and so when you have not done anything, it is for your glory. Amen. Are we together? It is for your glory. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I'm going to show you how you deal with this type of stuff. God has a mystery for you. And that mystery is for your glory. But to develop the picture. Amen. Amen. Somebody must be moved by jealousy. Yes. To do what? To crucify. Uh who? The prince of peace. So your package was carried by who? The prince of peace. So they have to poke the prince of peace to release your package. If you keep the priest of peace, he's holding your package. They got to poke him. When they poke him, he relieves your glory. I hope we are together. Are you following me? Are we together? Hallelujah. Brother Brham says that we live in three different realms. Do you remember that? If you don't remember, raise your hand. Nobody. If you shy, that's your problem. Brother Brandham say we live in a humanistic level realm. We live in the revelation and brother Brandham say we live in vision. These are the three realms. He say human level is hope. He say revelation is faith. And brother Brandham say vision is that saith the Lord. Amen. And brother Brandham say this one is perfect. Are we together? We found out follow me my friend that according to Ecclesiastic 3 there are three elements that goes with our prayer. Follow me carefully. Put your seat belt my friend. When you pray God, God answer every prayer. We already went through this. And the answer is either yes or either no, but it's still an answer. Are we together? Amen. And the way we were brought up in this world and in this message, we think that God answer prayer when he only say yes. If you ask somebody, what about your prayer? Huh? God did not answer my prayer. What we actually are saying? We are saying God did not say yes. Because answering our prayer means yes. In other word, every time you go to your natural father, brother to ask something, he must say yes. I'm going this way, my friend. But even our natural father says no. Does he mean he doesn't love you? No, sir. Are we together? So answering prayer doesn't mean yes. Even when God say no, God have answered your prayer. Even when God stay silenc. [Applause] Are we together? I will get to that. God answer your prayer. But we found out that what is the problem with our answering prayer. The way we were brought up is you pray it happen. Oh hallelujah. God love me. When I pray everything I pray God answer. You are saying that everything you pray you get it. When you didn't get it you say oh God didn't hear my prayer and you have a tendency to go back and to begin to reinforce that area. And the way you reinforcing is because you think God have not heard you. Right. Right. Amen. I hope we are going together. I hope we are. In other words, when you are assisting to God, you are actually telling him, "You have not heard my prayer yet." When God already heard you from the beginning, I hope we are going together. But the reason why the answer is not coming along is because there is a principle in the earth. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the principle is to everything there is what and a time to what? Every purpose where under the heaven. So in this world just remember your prayer go with three element. Amen. Are we together? The first element is timing. The second element is a season. Amen. The third element is what? We already went through this. We are dealing with purpose. Amen. Amen. If those three element are not line up, right? That's right. God won't respond. [Music] But it doesn't mean God didn't heal you. Amen. I'm giving you time, so it's soaking in pretty good. Thank you. In other word, you can pray today and God will answer you when you are dead. Glory to God. Yes sir. Can you put your seat belt? Yes sir. I'm trying to preach is brother Glenn. I want him there so he can holler. Amen. From that corner over there. H brother set his back. So let me preach now. Ah. Amen. In other words, they are prayer that will be answered quickly. They are prayer that will take years and they are prayer that you won't see even yourself the result of it you see how you do you want me to switch sermon or do we want to go together? God told Israel, Abraham, your people will go to surgeon in Egypt for how many years? If you slowing me down, you got to pay my time back. You going to go to Egypt? Uh I mean to Egypt, how long? 400 years. Okay. How how many people live 400 years? So in other words, those that went to Egypt, all of them died. So if you are praying, you say, "God, come and deliver us from Pharaoh." Your prayer will be heard, but he won't be answered until 400 years. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Let me explain it this way so somebody understand it. Yes sir. God have a have a uh a place in heaven. God have reservoir. He have a pot. I'm I'm just making a leg restriction. So don't come after me say where is the pot. Uhuh. God has a pot. Amen. That pot receive prayers. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. So when you pray, your prayer goes and sit there. And some prayer can go and leave God quickly. And they don't linger over there. But some prayer will linger for a long time. But they are still in the presence of the Lord until the time comes and the season comes and the purpose line up together. Then your prayer will leave that pot [Applause] and bring your answers. But from the very first day, Daniel, you pray, I already heard you, but it takes 21 days for me to bring the [Applause] answers. Amen. Brother Brham says this we climbing my friend in the message the bridge between the seven church ages and the seven seal. Brother Brham is reading the book of revelation. Brother Brham say when he had taken the book the four beasts and the four and 20 elders did what? fell down before the lamb having every one of them water the heart and golden vow full of water which are the prayers of who the saints so the prayer of the saint were held right amen by the elder follow me my friend and brother Brandham continue he interpret this he say that is those that are where under the altar that have prayed for what long ago Amen. Are we together? They had prayed for what? Redemption. But it was not time for redemption yet. Amen. So God was holding their prayer. Yes, sir. Because the time of the redemption didn't come yet. But God already agree with the prayer, but the prayer cannot be answered because Jesus is not born yet. [Music] Are we together? I'm trying to free your anxiety. Brother Brham said they had prayed for what? Redemption. They have prayed for what? Resurrection. So how can the resurrection come when the lamb is not killed yet? So the prayer goes and sit into heaven. Are we together? Brother Brham say these elders are pouring out what? Their prayer. Preach with me my friend. Because now we got the what? Representative. We got the kingsman where in heaven that is coming forth to make what is claimed. So when the time of redemption is coming now all the prayer that have been there since the old testament job and all the other one that say I know my redeemer liveth now they can take those prayer and pour it down. In other words the answer is coming when job already died. I hope we are together. I hope you are following me. Brother Brham says this. Let's stay focused my friend. Brother Brham says in the message the baptism uh uh the the baptismal service. Brother Brham say heavenly father 1900 years since the scripture has been written and your promise is what? Still moving on. And now Lord here these young people follow me my friend these two young ladies standing here to my right they have accepted you as their savior they believe the gospel story to the right we clear to my left Lord is my little nephew Melvin and my own boy I don't know whether it was Billy Paul or who he said but I believe it's Billy Paul because hope was Yes, sir. Don't worry, my friend. He said, "To my left, Lord, is my little nephew." Who? Melvin and my own boy. So, we got Melvin and brother Brandham on boy. Oh, God. If it's possible this morning, that two mothers could be called to look over the banister. Those mothers already died. Right there. Yes, sir. The mother of Melvin died. Hope died. Are we together? If they can call them to look over the banister, to look down and see the boys now. Oh, how happy I am, Lord. Oh, to know that you answer what? Prayer. That poor little mother roof, she's gone on for her what? years ago. And but her prayer is answered now. That's why you need a prophet. Her prayer is answer. She prayed that he will love you and serve you. He's making his stand when this morning. So God answers prayer. Lord, the mother was already gone, but the prayer is still there because it was not time yet. It was not the season yet. It was not the purpose yet. But when the time and the season and the purpose line up, even if you dead, God will honor his word. Amen. Mother never lose hope for children. Father never lose hope for children. No matter how long it take, God answer your prayer. Whether you alive or not, God answer your prayer. Amen. Amen. Are we together? Amen. Are we together? Listen to this, my friend. Brother Brham says this. He says, "And to show how to show you how slow it comes." I waited myself for a next from God. For what? A vision. That say the Lord for how many years? 15 years. [Music] God showed you. You got a vision, but it's not fulfilled yet. Glory. God already answered the prayer, but it's not time yet. I'm helping you to remove anxiety. We should be calm. We should be peaceful. Once you pray, chill out. All I'm waiting for is the time, the season, and the purpose. Hallelujah. If the devil comes, he say God didn't hear your prayer. You say, "Devil, let me preach you about the time, about the season, about the purpose. My prayer are always answering because I am Jesus Christ. Jesus prayer is always answered and I am of the same DNA the same lineage sir of Jesus Christ sir [Applause] I hope we are together are we together are we together brotherham say he had a vision if you have a vision right now you know how you will scream you will tell everybody it's going to happen. It's going to happen 15 years. Abraham 25 years. [Applause] So we go back to God. We say, "Lord, can you give me that one? You already got a vision. Can I continue? Uhhuh. Brother say he waited for how long, my friend? 15 years. And then another come and won't have to wait but what? Three minutes. Why is one 3 minute and another one 15 minute? There is an element of purpose, an element of season. Both prayer are but the timing is different. The season is different. Brother Brandham say he have to wait by what? Three minutes. It's God answer in his own time. We don't control it. He control us. [Applause] Amen. Why you discouraged to pray? Uh because God don't answer me. Who told you God doesn't answer you? Uh because you have your time. And because it didn't happen on your time, you think God didn't hear you. God heard you. But your time must match with his time because his time is always perfect. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? We're dealing with the purpose, my friend. My God. Amen. When it comes to divine purpose, the Bible says this according to Ephesians 1 verse 11. The Bible say, "In whom also we have obtained what?" Inheritance. Being how? According to the purpose of what? Of him, not your purpose. The purpose of God who does what? Workketh all things after the counsel of what? His own will. In other words, the purpose of God for your life is the will of God. Yes, sir. the purpose of God for your life is the will of God. Are we together? Amen. And because it's the will of God because it's the purpose of God. Are we together? God will work everything everything toward the fulfillment of what he planned. Amen. Amen. Amen. In other word, every devil devil that comes to your life before he begin to deal with you, God will push the break and say when you enter this life, you can only push one, two, three. Yes sir. That's why he limit the devil with job. He said push here, push here. But don't touch his life. Amen. Because I'm trying to make a statement sir that even if you remove everything, Job is perfect. Job will stand on my word. Because God already said Job is perfect. He's proving to the devil that what I say is what it is. Are we together? Are we together my friend? Are we together? The purpose of God is his will. It's what God want to achieve. And because God want to achieve something, everything else have to work to match that purpose. [Applause] Amen. In other words, what comes in your life, just know that it's going to match the purpose. There is nothing that can come into your life that will deviate you from the purpose. In other word, your test have been predestinated. Your trial are predestinated. That's why the Bible say he cannot give you more than you can handle because he will be against his purpose. You must be able to handle it so he keep you in the purpose. It keep you on the highway. [Applause] You will see somebody saying how can that sister survive that event? No, that sister was built for that event. Amen. Amen. That brother was built for that event. You are not built for that. It's an individual affair. Amen. Oh, glory to God. [Applause] Do you follow me? Yes, sir. Are we together? Are we together? Because the will of God is the purpose of God. And because the purpose of God, God is the one that rules everything. He will work everything to work together for good to them that are called according to his purpose. Are we together? That's why brother Brham says this and we come on such a morning to gather what? Hopes some what? new hopes of what we are here for and what is the purpose and I think that this is a wonderful time to think on the hopes that God has done what given us. Now we want to draw this first into our mind that there is not what that can destroy us until the purpose. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. If they destroy you, they're destroying the will of God. But no one is greater than God. And he that is in you is greater than he that is in the world. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. My friend, I don't care what the devil did in your life. Me, I don't joke. [Applause] Why should I be sad? Amen. Why should I be sad? There is nothing. Even if the wheelbarrow is going down, it's not a problem for me. I didn't start this church. The one who started must provide. [Applause] Are we to God? Are we together? If not, you will compromise because so and so have more money in the church. You cannot correct them. If you need to leave, leave. But God will take care of his church. Amen. [Applause] I am not depending on you. I'm depending on the master. Are we together? Are we together? Because I must be free to deliver the message without compromise. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? He says, "Let's go, my friend." He said, "There is what? Not one thing that can do what? Destroy us." Continue. Until the purpose of he until the purpose of he who created us has been what? Fulfilled. So if you are dead today, just know your purpose has been accomplished. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. You didn't get me. As a parent, we have our purpose for our children. But God have a purpose for your child. So according to your purpose parent you might think you want your child to do this this this then go to heaven that is your purpose but God has his own purpose so where God stop that's where your child will stop it might not match your purpose but it's matching his purpose that's what matter [Applause] you don't understand me a parent is mechanic he want his children to be mechanic. A parent is a doctor. He want his child to be the doctor to take over at the practice. Who told you your child was born to be a doctor? [Applause] And before you know it, people in the message has been pushed to fix they don't like because it was not God purpose. It was the parent purpose. But parent now we need to learn. Watch the child. See where God want him to be and let him go. Amen. Because when you are in your purpose, you got power. Amen. [Applause] We we created our own problem. There is money in this. Everybody get there. Who told you it was yours? It might be for brother so and so, but not for you. Make sure it's your purpose. Because if it's your purpose, then it's a different story. [Applause] There were disciple that were in the boat. All of them struggling the same thing. Do you follow me? And Jesus come walking. Not all of them say we want to walk. The one who was designed to walk on the water. Something move him. That was Peter. He said, "Father, if it's you, let him come." Why didn't the other do that? And watch, my friend, because it was his purpose. When he begin to walk, he got distracted and begin to sink. He sent a prayer. He said, "Father, save me." Because he was in his purpose. God answered that prayer. When you are in your line of duty, all prayer are answered. [Applause] Yes, sir. In other word, if God told me to start this business, if something happened with the business, I go back to God. [Applause] We are not in the age of trying. You try this one, you leave it. This one, you leave it. Before you know it, you lose money here. You lose money here. You lose money here. You lose because you don't know your purpose. That's it. I don't move until I know. [Music] And when I move it with precision, brother, I don't know if you're getting me. It is not the purpose of our parent. No, sir. It is not the purpose of what we want. It is the purpose of God. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Brother Panam say that could be what? Nothing. We were made for what? A purpose. [Music] God make you to be a doctor. You went to be a builder. That's why you uncomfortable. [Applause] You see the other the builder are happy but you are not happy. Find am I in the right place? Because brother Brandham say when you find your position it give you a constant satisfaction. [Applause] If not you are following the peace. Even when you go to university search what God want you to do. If not you going to have a big diploma. No work. No work. A lot of people in America under student loan. don't work for what they went to college because we were pushed into pipes. Hallelujah. [Music] But now God is opening your eyes. Are we together? Because the purpose of God is his will and he will do everything to work the purpose together to match his will. Are we together? Brother Brham says this, "My friend, God's purpose can what? Never be defeated. There is nothing can do what? So how happy ought to uh ought to we to be today doing what resting upon that beautiful upon that beautiful revelation of the word of the living God that there is neither what being present nor things that come. That's it. That's it. No things what present or whatever. Should I worry about the future? No. So whatever is coming in the future, it will match the purpose. Amen. No things to come. There is no what? Sickness. No what? Sorrow. No what? No what? Peril. No. Nothing can do what? Separate us from the purpose of what? Delivering God. In other word, you will never get out of line. Yes sir. Amen. Amen. Because some sickness actually push us in line. [Applause] He says, "Amen. There is nothing that can separate." Let Let's read it again. There is no what? Sickness. There is no water. Sorrow. There is no what? There is no water. No. Nothing can do what? Separate us from push the break. If a sickness cannot separate you and then you fell sick. What does he mean? It mean that sickness is in the purpose. Amen. If there is a sickness that can move you from the purpose, it will never reach you. Amen. Only the sickness that work with the purpose will reach you. Amen. Only church. I'm trying to build you up. I don't know if you getting me. In other word, no trial can come unless he work for your purpose. [Applause] If a trial is coming your way, it is already been measured, calibrated, [Applause] for your purpose. [Applause] [Music] We gave the devil too much power in this message. [Music] In other words, your sickness keep you in the purpose. The more trial you going, it really stabilize you in the purpose. [Applause] There is something about German cars, BMW and Mercedes. Those that have it know what I'm talking about. The more you increasing the speed, the more the BMW goes down. That's why you don't see BMW flipping. You don't see Mercedes flipping. The more they flying, the more they going down. The more the trial, the more I'm stabilized. [Applause] In other words, the trial make me stronger. He develop my picture. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Brother Robert, is the temperature good? Glory to God. He says no death, no what? Peril. Let me stop here. He says no sorrow, no water. Yes. So if death happened to you, that death is in the purpose. Amen. You didn't get me. That death is in the purpose. Lazarus. [Applause] The death of Lazarus for a purpose. [Applause] I'm trying to stay away from Hezekiah. I will touch Hezekiah next week. I will touch Hezekiah next week. I will touch Hezekiah next week because Hezekiah was put in the hospital bed to fix his life so that he can go. Don't worry. But the pressure, the pressure keep 15 years which was an error. Wait next Sunday. Leave him. Wait next Sunday. Wait next Sunday. I will deal with Paul and Ezekiah next Sunday. Let's leave it. Let's come back here, my friend. Hallelujah. He said nothing can do what? Separate from the purpose of what? The living God. Not your purpose. The purpose of the living God. What God has what imagined in his mind. What God has what purpose in his heart to bring it to do what? Pass. There is what? No demon. There is what? No power. There is no what? Nothing can ever separate God great immortal. It must be as God said. Amen. [Applause] Everything you calling headache, heartache right now that make you cry is for a purpose. Are we together? Are we together? That's why we went to this. Now we have start our sermon. I'm starting my sermon now. If you fool, you tell me. I'm starting my sermon right now. You ready? You ready now? Brother Tony, can we come? Okay. Brother Brham says in the God who is rich in mercy. I read this so many times. But please be careful because we're going to change gears. Brother Brham say I ask him for what? Something. Sometime he shake his head and say what? No, I just rejoice so much about it as I can if he would have said yes. Now you begin to understand this. Why? Because there is a purpose. Because there is a time. Because there is a season. Brother Brham say because we always ought to ask what? Thy will be done. [Music] What brother Brham is quoting it's the prayer of Jesus. Follow me my friend. Brother Brandham is quoting the prayer of Jesus. The prayer of Jesus. Our father who are in heaven. Hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done. But his will is his purpose. In other words, you're telling God, your purpose be done. Your purpose be done, it be done on earth as it is. So what you purpose over there must be done here. In other words, Jesus, keep me in my purpose. [Applause] Can I continue? Brother say, because we ought to ask, there will be water. His nose If that is what will. So if the knows of God is the will of God and the will of God is the purpose of God. In other words, they know is because of a purpose. I don't know if you understanding it. No, is because it's his will. Which is his purpose. Amen. No. Follow me my friend. If it it is a whole lot of better than the what? Yeses. If it's his will to do it, that is when you really do what? Love him. Amen. Not when he say yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. But when he say no, you say father I love you so much because I know your no is better because there is a purpose. Amen. You ready? You ready, my friend? You ready? I'm going to rock this thing differently. In other word, there will be prayer in your life that matches God's will. And there will be prayer in your life that will not match God's will. Amen. Amen. Amen. Where is he at? Let me start it again. There will be three things with your prayer. Let me put four things. Maybe five. Can I continue? Number one, you will have prayer in your life that everything matches God's will. Number one. All of them will be answered. We clear you will have prayer that doesn't match God's will. All of them will be answered. We say no. This one we say yes. That's right. Are we together? Are we together? The third category where I'm going to stop. You will have prayer that have a mixing. In other words, inside your prayer, some prayer are matching, some are not matching. [Music] Message believer need to learn stuff. A mixing prayer that match and some do not match. Are we together? Those that are matching will receive. Yes. Amen. Those that are not matching will receive. That's why when you pray for five things, five things, you will see three. You receive the answer. But it looks like I mean uh two other are not working. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All of them has been answered. Amen. The three matches the time. The season and the purpose. Amen. The other one, it's not time yet. Amen. Amen. Amen. It is not the season yet. It is not the purpose yet. You already spoken with. You can swallow this. Open Matthew 8. Please, let's do good. So, I I'm reach where I'm going. I just started the sermon. Amen. Let's go to Matthew 8. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Matthew chapter 8. But Robert, you see why I told you I need I wish I hope I have time. You there? Matthew chapter 8. Please get your Bible. Matthew chapter 8. These things you need to have it. Yes, sir. Matthew chapter 8 verse one. If you there, you can say amen. Amen. The Bible says, "When he come down from the mountain, great multitude follow him, and behold there came a leper." And did what? Wash the food, saying, "Lord, watch his prayer. If you will," ah, now spoken word, you learning something. He didn't say, "Lord, heal me. [Music] He said, "Lord, if you will," in other words, if it's your purpose, [Applause] [Music] because we ought to ask thy will. I hope we are together. If you get tired, I stop because this material, we can't play with it. He said, "Lord, if thy will, if you will, you can make me what?" Queen. This man never came and say Lord heal me. Is my Bible different than your Bible? He came he say Lord if you will. Not if I will. Me I want to be will. That's the reason why I'm coming. But I want to make sure what I'm desiring is also matching your will. I love this boy. I saw that he looks good. He matches Mr. He have all the sixpack. He's on fashion with all the build and everything. He has some uh uh body work that have been built up with all the stuff. Now my question is, is this your will? [Applause] Are we together? Instead of saying Lord make me marry this boy. Is this your will? Is this your purpose for my life? Is this my husband purpose? Because if it's your purpose, nothing will separate you. [Applause] Believer claim to get revelation and later on they got trouble in the marriage and they don't want to stay together. I thought you told me you got a revelation. [Music] So what is your revelation? Revelation is important to make you stand in the hard time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we shall preach marriage and divorce. Are we together? Are we together? Revelation will make you stick. Instead of running away from the situation, revelation will change you. You say, "Hey, that is my husband. [Applause] You woman at work, you think you got my husband, you hit the wrong button. I'm going to go to my maker and I will see how long your relationship will last. Instead of you being sweet, you going to be be there. Your taste to him will be there because you touch the wrong thing. And when he's coming back, he say, "Ra honey, I'm sorry." You say, "I knew it. You're not going anywhere because you are the purpose of my life. Young people, you play with J. You are playing with relationship." He's my boyfriend. We just talking. Ah, it's serious. It's serious. It's not a joke. Who you taking? My husband. I don't have to watch his cell phone. Let him go. Even if he delete whatever he delete, the maker will remind me and say, "Your husband deleted something. [Music] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I don't know who is that for. Let me continue my stuff. This guy came. He said, "Lord Jesus, if it's your will, do what? Make me clean." Watch verse three. And Jesus put forth his hand and did what? Touched him. saying what I will. In other words, his will matches with Jesus. Church church, please stay in tune now. He says, I will be thy what? Clean. And what happened? And immediately his leprosy was what? So his request, his prayer matches Jesus prayer immediately. Amen. Yes sir. Yes sir. Any question? No sir. Any question? No sir. No sir. So sometime our prayer Amen will match his purpose. And what happened? Now let's change category. Please stay in tune. Let's go to Matthew 10. You need your Bible. Let's go to Matthew 10. If you there, you can say amen. You there? Verse two. You there? Now the names of the 12 apostles are who? Please follow me very carefully. Amen. That's why I told to interpret. Now the names of the 12 apostle are these. The first is who? Simon. Who is called? Who? Peter. And Andrew his brother. And who? James. The son of Zebedee. And John his what? Brother. So, how many sons of Zebedee do we have there? What are their name? James and John. These are the sons of Zebedee. We clear. Are we clear? Yes, sir. Now, Jo, let's go to Matthew 19. Let's go to Matthew 19. Follow me carefully. spoken word online and and visible audience. You there? Matthew 19. If you dare, you can say amen. Amen. Verse 27. You there? Then answer Peter and say to him, remember over there it was 12 apostle, but I only picked two but there were 12. We clear? Now on Matthew 19 verse 27 the Bible says then answer Peter and say to him behold he's talking to Jesus we have forsaken all and did what follow and follow you what shall we have therefore in other word we abandon everything to follow you what is our request I mean I mean our benefit amen verse 28 and Jesus Say to them, "Verily I say unto you, that you which have followed me in the regeneration, when the son of man shall sit in the throne, follow me." Of his what? Glory. You also shall sit upon how many throne? 12 thrones. Doing what? Judging the 12 tribes of Israel. So all 12 apostle I guarantee a throne please. I'm I'm begging you. Yes sir. Follow me. Every apostle have a throne. In this generation no in the generation to come they have 12 there. The only one who didn't have it is Judah who was replaced by Paul because Judah was a son of predition. So according to this verse here every apostle have a throne sir Jesus Christ have his throne sir the apostle have their throne. That's why we got a throne in heaven and 24. Have I lost you? We got a throne in heaven. Oh, glory to God. We got a throne in the heaven. The throne of Christ. Amen. Then we got 12 here and 12 over there. But we already seen the 12 are the apostle. And brother already told us the other 12 are the patriarch. Amen. But we are dealing with the apostle. Are we together? So according to Jesus Christ, every apostle have already a predestinated follow me my friend position in heaven before the foundation of the world and John come on brother and James being apostle already have two thrones. I hope you are following me. So if you have 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12. So maybe somewhere here we got John. So he want to sit with his brother James. Any problem? I don't have a quote. I just pick it up. Any problem? Are we together? Yes, sir. So John position secure before the foundation of the world. James position secure before the foundation of the world. Are we together? In other word you cannot claim his position. Follow me. Follow me. Because this position have a name. If you get there when John get to heaven, John will tell you you are sitting on my spot. You are on my spot. [Applause] This spot was predestinated to me and no one can take my position and James already have it. Are you following me? And not only James and John, but all 12 apostle receive the same thing. Follow me. The same thing, the same throne judging Israel. So the throne of John is now greater than the throne of James. Are you following me? The throne of James is now greater than the throne of Peter. The throne of Peter is now greater than the throne of Barell. All of them 12 throne. So when they get to heaven in line, Peter say h this is me but you over there. And everybody sit and they say, "How was your day today?" And this one say, "Hey, Peter, you okay?" And John say, "Oh, I'm all right." And then let's listen to the go to to the Lord Jesus Christ, the master. So, Father, what do you want us to do? Everybody's sitting in their throne. Everybody in the same position. No one is greater than another. Everybody's the same throne. Everybody in this church is sitting on the same tree. [Applause] So, brother Angelo, can I tell brother Tony, my chair is better than yours? Brother Tony say you wasting your time. Look at the color. Are you blind? Are we together? Are we together? We clear now. But we dealing with John and James. We want to see our prayer toward Jesus Christ. Come on, brother. Let's go to John 20. Uhhuh. Please help me now. Let's go to John. Oh, sorry. Matthew 20. We on Matthew 19. Now, Matthew 20. We start on Matthew 10, Matthew 19, now Matthew 20. So, in other word, what happened in Matthew 20 is after Jesus already revealed to everybody that they got a throne. Amen. We clear at the beginning they didn't know. Now Jesus unfolded their position before the foundation of the world. Now watch 20. You there my friend? Verse 17. If you there you can say amen. The Bible say and Jesus going down to Jerusalem took how many disciple? 12. We clear enough? We we are we clear? He took how many disciple? 12. So everybody was there. All the 12 were walking with Jesus Christ. If you ask all the 12, what is your new revelation now? My brother, I got a place in heaven. Uhhuh. You will be over there. But we will be in in the concert. We will be sitting with the master. Uh then you will come and we will judge. We clear 12 disciple a part in the way and say to them everybody clear what I want to draw there is 12 disciple. Now jump to verse 20. Follow me carefully now. Verse 20. If you there you can say amen. Amen. Then came to him the mother. Ah sir. Mama. Mama zebed. He love his children so much. This is John and this is James. My boy, I love you. Especially when it's a mother with boys, they usually get connection quickly because it's opposite sex. Oh my boy, I can't I can't get separate from you, my boy. I want to go with you till in heaven. Mama, have I said something wrong? Have I said something wrong? My friend, I won't preach like an aristocratic me. I'm preach the way God built me. Are we together? Mama Z, she's coming. She's coming to see Jesus. A praying mother. Yes, sir. Praying for her children. She's coming. Where's Jesus? Mama Zebedee. Okay. Verse 20. Then came to him the mother of what? Zebed's children. Zebed's children. With her what? Her sons. So she was coming with who? James and John. Where is sister Olga? Sister Olga is coming with Deon and Angelo to body God toward Jesus Christ. Amen. Are we together? And when two or three are gathered together to ask one thing, they coming with the same request all three. So they are gathered together [Music] in one accord. Father you say when we are gathered together you will give it to us. Let's see spoken word. Are you learning God now? Ah she said Naomi we good. She said good my friend. He says, he says, "Everybody's friends." He says, "Uh-huh. I need to kill the devil there." Uhhuh. Then came to him, the mother of Zebed's children with her son, doing what? Worshiping him and desired of him what? Certain things. So when she came, mama say, "Oh Lord, you the creator of heaven and earth." And maybe brother Angelo begin to say Jesus I love you. Maybe brother Angelo begin to sing a song. Hallelujah Jesus. And brother Deon over there say Lord we love you. And Jesus is waiting and we desire something from you. What are you desiring? Are we together? Are we together? Verse uh uh 21. And he said to her, "What will you?" In other words, after the worship, sir, Jesus say, "Okay, I know when you started like this, you're coming with something. Mama, what do you want?" Remember the two children are part of the apostle and all apostle are there. And this is in in front of all apostle. Follow me my friend. Follow me. I'm getting somewhere. If if if we jump here, we would do good. He says he says to her, "What will you?" She says to him, "Grant that these my two sons may sit. The one where? The right hand and the other where on the left in your what? Kingdom. Amen. Amen. Church, church, preach with me, my friend. In chapter 19, Jesus already gave their post. Now mama is coming so much zealous with a request that ah make them on the right and on the left. But they already got thrones. That's it. It was already predestinated. Now you want to change. There is the purpose of God. You want to change the order of God. Glory to God. Amen. Lord Jesus, I love you. Lord, give me. Let that my boy one on the right, one on the left. Mommy, mommy. The boy already got two chairs. [Music] [Applause] In other word, Mama Zebedee is saying, "Get this, put one here, and take this and put one there." Mama Zed, we have so many. Mama Zebedee, I want my boy to be a preacher. Mama, [Applause] before you know it, your boy will fabricate sermon because he doesn't have a calling. [Applause] Can I continue? Can I continue? Mama, can I please? You taking my time. You taking my time. cannot continue. Where are we at? 22. But Jesus answer and say, "You know not what you ask." The leper, his will match Jesus will. But mama Zebedee, her will is different than Jesus will. Jesus look he said mama I know you love your children but you don't even know what you're asking how many prayer do we ask not knowing what we asking I'm going to get somewhere please stay with me I'm going to drop somewhere where are we at 22 but Jesus answering say you know not what you ask are you able to drink of a cup that I shall drink and be baptized of the baptism that I'm baptized with. In other words, to sit on the throne. Yes. To have a reservation, brother in heaven, in the merit banquet to reserve your seat. Brother Kenny, you need to think. You need to be baptized with the same baptism that Jesus was baptized. [Music] [Applause] And you also need to have some suffering just like Jesus want to suffer. So to go to heaven, Holy Ghost and suffering. But suffering is for your development. [Applause] My friend, when I preach things like this, the high blood pressure should begin to go. I don't want to see a young child here. I have anxiety. Instead of me praying, I will begin to get upset because I'm already working on it right now. I don't want to see a young sisters here. I don't have no husband. Hey, you got a husband. It's a matter of time, season, and purpose. Are we together? So when I see all of you smiling, come on. I don't want people front faces like this. Hey, we going to heaven. Amen. Can I continue? And so let me go back to where I was. So to reserve your ticket, right? To reserve your ticket in heaven, you need two conditions. Number one, you must be baptized and you must drink the cup of suffering. And Jesus is asking Mama Zebedee. Mama Zed, you don't even know what you're asking. What you're asking goes with pricing. And the price is follow me my friend because I'm going to drop something. The price is you must drink the cup the cup of suffering and also you must be baptized with the same baptism Jesus was baptized which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let me move ahead and I come back. Was all apostle being baptized with the Holy Ghost? No sir. All of them. Remove Judah. Exactly. They were baptized. All of them in the upper room. They got the Holy Ghost. Follow me. Follow me. And uh verse 22, but Jesus answer and say, you know not what you ask. Are you able to drink the cup that I shall drink and to be baptized with the baptism I'm baptized with? They mama zebed they mama zebed and her two children they it's plural mama zebed uh John and James all of them because they were in one accord asking one thing father you say in your word when we come together in one accord can I continue and they Say to him, "What?" In other words, we going to do it. In other words, we going to do it. So, you must grant unto us the two position. Watch Jesus. Watch Jesus. Verse 23. And he said to them, you shall drink indeed. Amen. In other words, John and James, you will suffer. Go search the scripture. You will find John the Revel was persecuted and James was persecuted. Do you follow me? He said, John and James, you will be you will drink indeed the cup and be baptized with what? The baptism that I am what? Baptized with. In other words, Jesus said, even though you are able to meet the criteria, I will baptize you with the Holy Ghost. You won't suffer for my name. But when he come to the position, [Applause] spoken word. When we come to the position, your request doesn't match. Your request is not matching my purpose. [Applause] Brother Chris, brother Lemon, let's stick together and pray. Oh father you say when two or three are gathering remember your prayer will be answered if it matches the purpose spoken word I believe are you understanding so no more headache the Bible says but where are we at 23 but to sit where on my hand and on my what? It is not mine but it shall be what? To them for whom it is what? Prepared of prepared of what? My father. So God had Moses. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. And Elijah. already there. I know where I'm coming from. I already went through this. Now, mama want to move John and James to go over here. Jesus say ah baptism I give it to you. Suffering I give it to you. But the position is against my will. It's against my purpose. In other words, I have to move someone. I have to reshift order. Sometime your prayer doesn't match his will. [Applause] Brother Michael, are we together? Your prayer is not matching his will. Are we together? So, what should be the answer? No. His nose are better than his yes because you already got thrown. Hallelujah. [Applause] Ask Jesus to sit at the right hand. He refused. Jesus told you you got a throne. Now watch where I'm going to strike hard. Amen. We there. Verse 24. You there? Amen. And when the who the 10 heard it follow me 12 disciple minus two sons of mama he give you what? 10. Now the 10 heard it. Let's push the break. Follow me. Spoken word. Follow me. Did Jesus give them the position? Jesus didn't give them the position because Jesus already gave the position that all apostle have. Watch what happened now. When the 10 heard, they were what? Moved with indignation. Moved with what? Indignation against what? The true brethren. Come on. Come on. Come on, brother. Do you see the problem in this message? Did Jesus give the two brother the position? Did Jesus change their position? I mean in regard to the other apostle. So what was the jealousy about? Now they got upset. They got upset like Jesus gave them. Jesus didn't give them the suffering. All apostles suffer. The baptism. All of them were in the upper room. They received the same baptism. What are you envying your brother about? In other words, when your brother have a certain type of faith different than you, leave him alone. Yes, sir. [Applause] Who forbid you to go ask Jesus? Everybody have a right to go ask Jesus. You are sitting there doing nothing. Somebody got courage enough to go do it. Now it's your problem. You already have all the same throne, but you have different faith. You all are singers, but you got different voices. If somebody want to sing more, don't get jealous. Leave them alone. [Applause] preach that sir. Who does he want to show? Who does he want to show? He just started his ministry, but he's claiming, claiming, claiming. Who forbid you to claim? Who? The message is open. Who told you not to preach the mystery? Now somebody else is preaching the mystery. You getting mad. Hey, take the mystery. Preach also. We are all pastor. We are all minister. We are all singers. Don't be jealous one with another. [Music] [Applause] At the end of the day, all of them suffer. At the end of the day, all of them received the same baptism. At the end of the day, when they went to heaven, all of them sat on the same throne. Why were you jealous about your brother? Amen. Why were you jealous about your brother? My God. Oh, they and the Bible say they were f you I mean filled with indignation. Ah leave me. [Applause] But telling me leave me what is wrong. So you guys make a plan in your family to come and take a throne and we all sit on the other one. Who do you think you are? In other words, we must move in collection. I'm not going to wait for you. When it comes in my heart, I move. [Applause] Hey, hey, hey. God gave your brother a car. Rejoice. [Applause] Amen. Come on. It looks good. I don't know which payment they will be paying. Is that your problem? Is that your problem? A genuine spirit. Amen. Come on. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? When I got my escalade, a new message believer, I pulled the coat. Brother Brandham said, "There is a faith for Buick. There is a faith for Ford and there is a faith for Cadillac. I took the court. I gave to the pastor. When I left the church, I was standing a brother came. Cadillac faith. Me. I have the faith of Jesus Christ. Jealousy. [Applause] Ford faith stay with Ford stay with a candidate stay with let's enjoy one another blessing [Applause] are we together we together bless your brother with a new job rejoice It is his time, his season, his purpose. Yours is coming next. Tomorrow is going to be you. Tomorrow it's going to be you. [Applause] Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? My time is finished. I have not started Jesus. I have not even touched Jesus Christ. I need to touch start now Jesus Christ so you can see humanity versus uh our purpose. My time is finished. It's 1:30. If I start right now, 2:30, my friend. If I start right now, 2:30, are we together? Are we together? So, let's head to the airport and finish, my friend. Are we together? Are we together? Are we together? I cannot start Jesus Christ. We have to push Jesus Christ next week. Then we push Paul the other week. Then we push again the the season the other week over there. Okay. So let me gear toward put a seat belt and let me lay the airplane. We ready? We ready? We ready. I'm going now to the airport. So I'm I'm climbing down. Okay. Okay, friend. Okay. Ah. Okay. So as a conclusion sometime your prayer matches Lord if it's thy will make me whole I will get it glory to God I pray it happen and we create problem in the message sir we begin to get the gift of healing and to put it on certain ministry that's right that's And the minister become like they the one healing the people. No, you will see even those that have multiple miracle. Some of them don't happen. They pray for 100 people. 10 are healed and 80 are not healed because it's not the minister. It is the time, the purpose and the season. I don't care how much that minister pushes you on the floor. You rise up there, nothing happen. And he frustrates you more. So and so when he pray for you, things happen. Everybody pray a line. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Boom. On the floor. You walk up, things don't change. Now you frustrated. I went to so and so, he pray, nothing happened. I went to so and so, he prayed, nothing to happen. I'm I'm discouraged. I'm not I need to leave the message. Let me watch some Pentecostal preacher because you don't know this message. You don't know the time. You don't know the season. You don't know the purpose. If it's the time, the season, and the purpose, even your own husband will pray for you and the devil will leave. Amen. Are we together? Are we together? Sometime we come with prayer and when we come with prayer in our prayer we got things that are mixed like mama zebed mama zebed came with a request but the request is contrary to God's original plan because God purpose he cannot change it. He already gave it to somebody else. It's for those who have been given. But the request about the Holy Ghost, Jesus said get that one. About the suffering, get that one. That's a universal one. You can get that one. But as far as the position, no. That's why when you pray, some prayer works and some are not praying. It's not going because it's not the season or because it's not the time or because it's not the purpose. But God answered the prayer by saying no. and his nose is better than the yes because what God give you is the best for you. Amen. Don't envy somebody's husband. The one God gave you is the best. That one need to match with sister so and so, not you. [Applause] Because sister so and so was built for brother so and so. You are not built for him. Are we together? Are we together? So when we pray, we pray and we say according to thy will. I'm going to stop right here. According to thy will. You pray, you say according to thy will. Because if it's his will, you're going to get it. If it's his will but it's not the time, you're going to get it later. If it's his will but it's not the decision. You're going to get it later. Jesus already said yes. But it's not going to happen at that time. It will happen 15 years. It will happen after 3 years. It will happen when you are gone. Amen. Amen. You are there in the banister of glory, but your prayer has been answered because God always answers prayer. Let's stop here, my friend. We will pick up next time. [Applause] Hey, hey, hey, hey. Sorry, brother Robert. I look at this slide. that say 1 2 3 boom we done we stop right here we stop right here so we had to go on the back here that's why I say we go to another hour let's push it what you got is already sufficient to go through throughout the week amen amen when you pray just know God answers prayer and have faith that God heard me because God always hears your prayer and remove anxiety and stay calm. It's going to come. Don't look at the pressure of who's getting something quicker than you. We are not in competition. Everybody have their own timing, their own purpose, and their own season. the apostle a throne the Moses and Elijah a throne if you notice brother Brham when he went to the sixth dimension he was on the throne but it was not the 24 elders it's another one and matter of fact in the book of revelation chapter 3 to him that overcometh I will make him sit where with me in which throne So, how should I envy the apostle throne? When I'm going to sit in his throne, why should I envy the apostle throne? You ask, you don't know what you're asking. And I'm going to show you because we don't know what we asking. What does God do to help us asking the right thing? That's where I was trying to go. Let's keep it for Sunday. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly this afternoon. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, this is as far as you wanted me to go to help your children here and worldwide. Father, I commit everything that was spoken unto hand. Lord, may the Holy Spirit take this and go deeper than what was spoken so that Lord the child, your children, their life can be delivered completely. And this should build faith in our life and confidence and peace knowing Lord Father that when we come to you, it's not a myth. It not a joke. This is serious. You are hearing our prayer. You are hearing and you are answering our prayer. And now we understand the element of time, the element of season, and the element of purpose. And we thank you because regardless of how we feel, you don't deviate from your purpose. Father, you didn't compromise with Mama Zebedee to change your program because Lord, Father, you already predestinated and you kept your program separate only the way you said it. Father, if you would have followed our desire, how many time would you have changed your program, you will be changing your program every second because this one want this, this one want this. But father, your word is eternal. You purposed for one time. You did it for eternity and you took the best for us. And the plan that you have for our life, our plan of peace to give us an expected end. And because of that, Lord, we know that our position are secure. No matter who's going to pray where in the message, no one will take our place and we will not take somebody else place. Our place has been ordained and we are guaranteed to meet you on the other side. Father, we thank you and commit everything. May you take the remaining of the week. May you take the service, Lord, Father, the funeral service tomorrow onto the hand. May you continue to strengthen the family and bless all of us, Father, in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. We love you. [Applause] I have believed it and he is able to keep that which I committed unto him again that day. But I know I have believed and I was waiting that he [Music] to not why God wants grace to He had me. No, I unworthy. Christy love me before him. I know I believe and persuade that he is able to keep that time. Y'all can be dismissed. God bless you. Enjoy your afternoon. I know not how saving faith to [Music] me nor howing in his word brought peace within my heart. I know I [Music] believe he will be unto you again that day. I know how the spirit moves in. I [Music] see revealing Jesus through his wording faith in me. I know. I believe that I'm pers. way that he is able to be unto him again. I know the one of good or maybe [Music] deser [Music] way for his face I see. I know who I am. I am [Music] heaven but I know my [Music] heart for you glory. I wonder with him for me. But I know I know I have this [Music] way. I believe I can save. Yes, I know. I [Music] believe he is able to [Music] keep him here. [Music] Yes, I know. I [Music] believe that he keeps away until again that day.
