################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-14 - For Lack Of Knowledge - Bro Seth Dogbey - Seth Dogbey.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-14
Title:    For Lack Of Knowledge - Bro Seth Dogbey
Speaker:  Seth Dogbey
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-TlCtsFH-ig
========================================

Description:
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
allotted to his great great grandson down here. The seed of the righteous. Now here comes the seed of the of the serpent. Now remember there'll be immity war between them. The seed of the serpent comes along and what does it produce? Now let's take the first few years and watch what takes place. Now we read it right down because I've just checked it up. The seed of the serpent produced Cain. Cain went to the land of Nod, produced giants. And then to come to the land of Noah, they were smart, educated, intelligent people. Is that right? They were builders, inventors, scientists, not through the seed of the righteous, but through the seed of Satan, the serpent. They were such man as as scientists and builders and great men, educators. The scripture says so. They worked brass. They worked iron. They worked metals. They invented things. to temper different metals and build houses and so forth. Scripture says so. And they were scoffers at the seat of the woman Noah the righteous. Is that right? Amen. Let's follow a little farther. There we go. They need the every most gracious Lord. Lord, no tender voice like thine can peace of I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to Let's sing a couple more verses. Amen. I need thee every hour. Breathe out nearby. Tempations lose their power when thou art. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee. I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to one more time. The chorus. Amen. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. We thank you, Father. We thank you for another Wednesday night, Lord, where we can gather and get our cups refilled, Lord, with your Holy Spirit, Lord God. How we need you, Lord Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that you've put us in this time to live in, Lord God. It's so exciting, Lord, to have been chosen for this type, this time, Lord, in this age. Lord, give us strength. Give us wisdom, Lord. Keep the temptation from us, Lord, but always have your will in our life, Lord. We thank you, Father, for our gathering tonight. We ask that you just bless the service this morning, this evening. Lord God, bless our musicians, Lord. Bless our singers this evening, Lord. Our technicians, bless our pastor, Lord, and bless Brother Seth, Lord. She's doing dual purpose tonight, Lord. Multi-purposes. We thank you, Father. We give you all glory, honor, and praise, Lord, in everything that you're doing for us. bring those that are on the road here safely, Lord God, and lead and guide them, Lord, and just get them here, Lord, that we can continue to have church, Lord, with our brothers and sisters present. Most of all, Lord, we invite you. We ask that you come amongst us, Lord, and make your presence known, Lord. We give you all glory, honor, and praise in Jesus Christ's name. Amen and amen and amen. Let's give him a clap offering this evening. Amen. Let's turn around and greet your neighbor and say, "Welcome to the midweek service." Amen. Praise God. Now, what a mighty God we serve. Yes, what a mighty God we serve. Well, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. What a mighty God we serve. Well, angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God. Let's sing it one more time. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. What a mighty God we serve. Oh, what a mighty God we serve. His angels bow before him. Heaven and earth adore him. What a mighty God we serve. The voice of my beloved he comes. Sweeping over the mountain he'll be he run. I long to hear his voice. I long to hear him say, "Arise, my love, my fair one, come away." It's manifesting time. The fruit sorrow the vine and the lovely wine. He's coming in with you for God's children. Redemption and throw it. He's that lovely one. He's coming in. The grapes are yours and mine. Little box is full of mine. Hold up in your blossoms for the harvest time. Keep your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one. He's coming in. Thank you. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine. And the lovely one is coming in. And God's growing bright. Bring them throwing. He's the only one. He's coming in off the rock in the secret place so high. Till the day break and the shadows flee away. For in that mountain place, a sweet coming through. He lovely monkey. He's coming in plain view. It's manifesting time. The fruits are of the vine and the lovely one is coming in flame and bright red. Hold up just a second. Hold up second pro. Hold up just a second. I was thinking about this song all week and I was thinking about this pope that they just brought in. Y'all forgive me, but I wrote a little verse about it for this song cuz we This is manifestation, right? Can I sing it? Amen. Y'all hold on. Don't laugh. Okay, I'm not a songwriter, but look at this. Pope Leo has arrived as it was prophesied. God's telling his little bride she's going home. So run the race with patience and wait upon the Lord. Can't you see him? He's coming in for you. It's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in you. You catch God's chosen bride. Repeat's going. He's that one. He's coming in with you. You know I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. Till Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be. When pain of death on my soul, unto my Lord I cry. Till Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be denied. You know, I would not be. No, I would not be till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied as Jacob in the days alone. I wrestled with the Lord and stand with my car. I stood upon his word. I would not be denied. No, I would not be denied. If Jesus came and he made me whole, I would not be denied. For Satan said that my Lord was gone and he would not hear my prayer. But praise the Lord and Christ our Lord is near. You know I would not be denied. know I would not be denied till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be denied. You know I would not be denied. I know I would not be till Jesus came and he made me whole. I would not be. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. We can't be denied of this this truth as late as it is. Amen. Amen. I got one more here. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom and all is well. For there is a place of perfect rest behind that. Oh rest little bright rest for all. Let's sing it one more time. All is well. All is well. All is well. We have heard the message and all is well. For there is a place of perfect grace behind that. So little bright for all his way. Let's give him a clap offering this. Amen. If y'all could stand with me just for a minute. I don't have much to read this evening. Um, Brother Greg uh said, "Brother Sam greets the church this evening." Amen. Um, also as a as a prayer request, um, let's continue to remember Sister Pam and her family, uh, for the loss of their oldest son. Amen. Was just kind of heartbreaking to hear that. Um, so let's let's remember them in their time of grief. We're grieving as well. Amen. Because she's our sister and that's that's our family. Amen. Praise God. Brother Kimma, do you mind? Yes, ma'am. Yesterday. Yesterday. Amen. Amen. We did see that. Amen. Wonderful. Wonderful. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we come before your throne of grace to give you thanks, oh God, for bringing us back into your house again. Dear Jesus, as brother John put a line about Leo, oh father God 14, your prophet spoke about the ecinical council, Father, way back in 1964 as he warned the people, do not go into there because it's the mark of the beast. Denominationalism or God will take you to hell. Oh dear Jesus, that was the birth of the ecumenical council. Lord, in all of these years, this system has become mature. Father God, she's become a a woman now, Father. Oh God, she's Oh, Father God, showing her muscles, oh Father, what she can do. And we see the manifestation thereof. But also on the other side, oh father, you sent the word, oh God, the breaking of those seals, oh father God, was the birth of your bride. Oh God, back then she was just a little girl growing. Oh God, also today she's become a fully mature woman. Dear Jesus, the battle of the women. Oh God, may you help us, oh father God, stand firm. Oh Lord, you say when that persecution come, let Leo come. Oh father, there's also Leo the lion, the lion of the tribe of Judah. Oh father God, who's roaring his word to your people. Father, that's the reason why we're learning about the tear and the wheat. Let them both grow together. And here we are, Father God, at harvest time. Oh Lord, you're harvesting your people, Father. You're binding them for the burning, oh God, by your putting us, Father God, and your gardener, Father. Oh dear Jesus, help us to mature by the word. Oh God, to cling close to thee, oh Father, as we see that day approaching, oh Father God, help us to get in our books and our tapes and our Bibles, oh Father, oh dear, to mature, to become men and women of God, oh Father, whatever Leo has in plan, you have a greater plan for us, Father, we thank you, Lord, for we see the end time before us. Lord, help us, oh God, oh dear Jesus, to love you even more day by day. Father, whatever we do, Lord God, look unto thee, Father, for the result, Lord, we want to remember our sister Pam, Lord God. I know how it is to lose a loved one, Father, but he's not lost. He's just in your presence, Lord, enjoying the blessings, oh Father God, he's gone to his reward, but it's hard on the body, Father. his heart on us, oh God, who are left behind. Let's take Father God, our sister tonight, Brother Andrew, Lord, the whole family. May you comfort them as you alone can, Father. Oh, dear Jesus, take care of the family, Father, and us also as a church. May you continue to bless us. We see the manifestation of our faith in the church, oh God. The building, how it's advancing, Father. May you continue to bless it, Lord, as we give the tithes and offering to thee, Father. May you multiply as you multiply the fish and the bread, oh Father God. And may you put something in the hands of the believers, oh Father, that they may be blessed for you. You said you love a cheerful giver. Bless our service as we continue. Do not forget Brother Seth, oh God, as he bring forth the word of life to your people, for that is the most important part of our service. May you take him out the way. Father, we have not come to see him, but we've come to hear from heaven. Your prophet said the gift is putting yourself to the side. May you help our brother tonight is my prayer. And we'll be careful to return glory and honor to you in Jesus name. In Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Y'all can be seated. We have one special tonight. Um, Sister Lily is going to come up and sing this evening and then we'll uh bring the pastor out. Amen. Um, if I could give just a brief testimony that I've been putting off for a while. Um, but I just want to share what the Lord has been doing for me. Um, and I'm praying that the Lord will help me make it short. Um, uh, I know brother Steven made an announcement about a month ago that I was having a procedure done. Um, and just to give some context so you'll kind of understand, I was pregnant for about eight weeks. Um, and I had two ultrasounds where kind of similar to the last one, they had told me they just didn't see anything. They just saw like the gestational sack but nothing inside and to prepare to have another miscarriage. And we were holding out, you know, hope of course and faith. Um, but the day after my second ultrasound, I had a doctor call me early that morning, a different one, saying, "I looked at your ultrasound and I'm really concerned because this is not a normal pregnancy at all. I am suspicious that this is a rare um pregnancy called a molar pregnancy." I had never heard of that before, but after some research and them kind of explaining essentially instead of, you know, a normal embryo being produced after conception, there's two types, a partial molar pregnancy and a complete partial, there's some DNA formed, but in my case, I had the more the one that had the higher likelihood of being more dangerous and actually cancerous. Um, essentially it instead of an embryo being conceived, it's just a massive tissue um with no DNA, but it instead of it being in your embryo like a one little jelly bean is, it was like a cluster of grapes. And so that's what um tipped him off. And he said, "We need to have surgery like immediately to get this out because it grows rapidly and it's if it's cancerous, it's really dangerous for you." And so this came as a shock. you know, we called brother Steven to get some answers. Um, and he told us just go ahead and schedule the surgery tomorrow. So, we had the surgery, everything went well and they had to have the surgery to test the tissue to see if it was a molar pregnancy and number two if it was cancerous. Um, so I recovered really, really well and they had to monitor my pregnancy hormone levels. I've been going every single week because if they don't drop or if they drop and come back up, that means I have to have another surgery and that means I didn't get all the tissue. And so my levels have been dropping really, really well over the last few weeks and I had my posttop and she told me that the tissue was not cancerous. So that's a blessing. Um, I don't I didn't really understand kind of the gravity of the situation until I joined a Facebook group with women that have also had this type of pregnancy to kind of understand more about it and understand other people's experiences of it. And that's when I realized like how much God actually did for me, how worse it could have been. Because with this type, I had the complete. So there was just no DNA. it was just tissue. There are so many women that have had the exact same one that has been dealing with chemotherapy, multiple surgeries, and dealing with infertility after that for years. So, I just want to praise the Lord for that. See my hands and look at my feet. It's okay if it's hard to believe. I have faith that you will do things. It's my time to go. But before I leave, so go tell the world about me. I was dead, but now I live. I've got to go now for a living. little while, but goodbye's not the end. Don't forget the things that I taught you. I've conered death and I hold the keys. Where I go, you will go to someday. But there's much to do here before you leave. So go tell the world about me. I was dead, but now I live. Oh, I've got to go now for a little while. But goodbye's not the end of the journey. The end of the road. My spirit is in you. Wherever you go, you have a purpose and I have a plan. I'll make you this promise. I'll come back again. But until then, go tell the world about me. I was dead, but now I live. Oh, I've got to go now for a little while. But goodbye's not the end. Go tell the world about me. I was dead, but now I live. Oh, I've got to go now for a little while. But goodbye's not the end. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That was quick. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. So what do we do if it's quick? More praises. That's what sister Ako say. But he's preaching. Yokabed. Sister Yoket. Gales. Amen. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days, I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Love your voice. You have led me through the fire. And in darkest nights, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of God. Church, let's say. And all my life you have been faithful. All of my life. And all my life you have been so good. With every breath that I am for I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh sing. All my life. Oh and all my life you have been faithful. All of my life, Lord, and all my life, you have been so so with every breath that I am made. For I will sing of the goodness of God. Oh, sing your goodness. Your goodness is running after me. Is running after me. Oh yeah. Your goodness is running after is running after me. But my life laid down. I'm surrendered now. I give you. Your goodness is running after. Your goodness is running after me. For your goodness. Your goodness is running after. You're running after me. When my life plays down, I'm surrendered now. I give you everything. Oh, your good is running after running after. All of my life and all my life you have been faithful. Lord and all my life you have been so I am I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing I will sing of the goodness of God. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. Oh, I see it. I see your promises in Oh, all over my all over my I see the evidence of this message. I see. Hallelujah. All over my life. Hallelujah. All over my life. I see the seven fulfillment. I see. And every prophecy. Hallelujah. All over my life. All over. All over. I see the evidence. Yes. I see the evidence of his message. All over my all over my life. All over my life. I see the 70. All over my life. All over my life. Say all over. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. Yeah. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All of my life. Let me see. Over my life. All of my life. The evidence over my life. All of my life. Lord, you're over my life. my heart. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of his goodness of God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. Now, we shook that last demon out that was hanging. may be tired or whatever. Now it's completely gone. Amen. Glory. Glory to God. Wonderful singing and wonderful testimony. Sister Lily God nothing. Nothing will take you out of this word until God has finished with you. Amen. No demon. There is nothing because God got a purpose. Amen. And that purpose will be fulfilled. Amen. Sometime he looks weary. Sometime he looks bad. Look at Lazarus. You see now? You see now? Look at Lazarus life now. Many souls came to Jesus Christ because of Lazarus. Lazarus showed the true color of Martyr. Amen. Now you know Martha because of Lazarus. That's right. Now they activated the prophecy for Jesus Christ because of Lazarus and Lazarus was the key to prepare those that needed to welcome Jesus Christ when he was entering Jerusalem. So the key was coming from Lazarus. That's why his death was for the glory of God. Amen. Amen. That's why everything everything is working together for good. Amen. Everything is working together. Anxiety should be completely gone from our life. You should be at peace knowing that God when you didn't know God, God was protecting you. when you didn't know God, everything was working together for good. Now that you know God with the opening of the seals, how much more should be? I don't know, my friend. I'm not looking at my trials. I'm now looking at what is going on, what the enemy is throwing left and right. When he shows something, I say, you know what? It's working together for good. Satan, whatever you bringing, these are ingredient. These are the fire God need. I was reading a work Psalm 105. The Bible says that it was God who sent Joseph to Egypt. You have seen that scripture. It's in Psalm 105. The Bible say he sent Joseph to Egypt. So for me and you, who sent Joseph to Egypt? No. Naturally, who sent Joseph to Egypt? His brother with hatred. saw them to Egypt. But when David picks up under the anointing, he say it was God that sent Joseph to Egypt because he needed to use that in order to bring him to his purpose. Not to kill you, but we have an expected end. The attribute of God, your purpose is so powerful that the devil can keep quiet. Amen. So your purpose is very great that Satan say uh I must be part of it and we're going to tell the story when we overcome and we will understand it better. How now you understand it better. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Any family members here? God richly bless you and welcome to spoken word tabernacle on a Wednesday where we got our convention. Amen. Deaf in the body it's not easy. It's a separation. Brother Brandham say it's a separation in the body it's hard but the scriptures say when we sorrow as believer we do not sorrow like those that do not have hope. So believers sorrows differently because we know that there is a hope especially if you know how the person left. Amen. Hard in the body continue to pray for our sister but there is a great testimony behind that boy right there. Amen. He clean up everything before he went to be with the Lord. So you think God answer his prayer? God answer sister Pam's prayer. Now brother Alvin is more secure for sister Pam to see her than he was in this world. Clean up everything. Everything. Clean up here. Clean up. And at 7:00 in the morning before he passed away did the last clean up completely out and they change him and they put him in unit six but in room seven. Amen. And he told his father that I'm ready to go home and the pope from America is on the throne. So how long will it take to see him back? This is not the age of Paul. Where you waiting for Laisha? We are in the Laian age at the end of the age when we are ready for the rapture. So it won't be too long before we see our loved one. Amen. Amen. So you pray for the strength, but as far as where he is at, we at peace because we know exactly. And when you're going to see him, he's not going to look like that. He will look very young in a perfect body, more precious than that. And never to be separated. That's the hope of a Christian. Amen. So, continue to pray, continue to encourage, continue to stay and stick with us, sister. You already got the program. Everything was sent in the group chat. And God is working everything together for good. Amen. Amen. what seems to be dark right now, you will see what God is doing behind the scene. Amen. So, keep praying and all is well by God's grace. Hallelujah. I'm not preaching tonight. Brother Set is preaching. Keep praying for the building. We need some faith and we need some works. The good news about spoken word is you can read between the lines. So I so I don't have to elaborate a lot. Amen. So I'm in a middle of left things going left and right left and we moving and it's uh it's coming up beautiful. Amen. At the end the product is coming up good. But remember faith without work dead my friend. Right S. Faith without work is what? So remember remember I'm talking on behalf of the trustee. Amen. He he's working. It's unbelievable the way he's operating. I don't even know how he's doing this working staying on top of everything and coming and he's he's leading the song. He's I I don't know. Ask brother Robert and the deacon will tell you how he's operating. It's unbel It's a miracle the way he's coordinating everything. It is a mirror. I'm I'm I'm even discovering his other side of strength that we never seen before and therefore you won't get him because he's under the blood. Amen. So pray and then remember the building. All is well by God's grace. Let's go. Only believe. Le believe all believe. All things are impossible. Yes. Only Yes, brotherly. believe. Thank you, Jesus. Believe. All things are possible. Oh, we believe. We believe tonight. Say, Lord, I believe. Oh, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Oh, things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Oh, and all things are possible. Oh Lord, I believe in Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. Believe that tonight. Amen. Oh Jesus is here. Oh, and all things are with all our needs tonight. We know Jesus. Jesus is. We believe tonight that Jesus is king. Oh Jesus is here and all things are possible. Jesus is bow our heads even as we pray. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are grateful, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we just want to thank you, oh God, Father, for yet another evening, Lord, to come and listen to your voice, oh God, to come and hear you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, do what you always do, Lord Jesus, whilst you said where two or three are gathered in in your name, there you are in their midst, Lord. And we believe that tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we asking, Father, may you take prayer minutes tonight, Lord. Even as your word comes forth, Lord Jesus, may you take me aside, Lord. Father, oh God, I can do as much as I can, Lord. But Father, you are the one, oh God, that quickens, oh God, this word, oh God, in your bride, Lord. And we asking, Father, tonight, Lord, may your spirit take prereeminence, Lord. Father, oh God, let every need, oh God, Father, that has been brought to you tonight, Lord Jesus. God, may you meet every person at the point of every need tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh God, be in sickness. Oh God, be in it. Oh God, Father, any kind of distress, Lord Jesus, oh God, any kind of torment, Lord Jesus, oh God, any kind of obstacle in our lives, Lord Jesus, oh God, Father, you are a God, oh God, that provide every need, Lord. And Father, we stand here tonight, oh God, receiving, oh God, every blessing, Lord Jesus, that you have for us tonight, Lord Jesus. Oh God, if there be anybody depressed tonight, oh God, by any circumstance or any situation, Lord, Father, you are the master, Lord Jesus. Oh God, that comes every tempest, every storm tonight, Lord, and we believe, Lord Jesus. Oh God, you've already provided, Lord. Father, come and add blessings, oh God, to your word tonight, Lord. We thank you. We bless you in Jesus Christ's name we prayed. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can Can the musicians stay for a minute? Amen. Amen. Um um I just want us to praise the Lord. Amen. Yes, sir. Brother Steven had said I was um I was I was preaching tonight but I had planned in my mind that we want to worship and praise the Lord before we speak tonight. Amen. So I I don't know how you feel about what has happened. Amen. with the pope coming in. Amen. It it it it gives us the reason to rejoice. Amen. So if you if you don't mind, you can give me an A flat. Amen. We want to sing this song. We are the people of God. Yes, sir. We go back to God. Amen. We came from God. We go back to God. Amen. So I want to praise the Lord tonight. Amen. Give me an A flat. Amen. We are the people of God. We came from God. We grow back to God. Hallelu. We are the people of God. We came from God. We go back to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hal Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are the people of Oh, we are the people of God. Oh, we came from God. We are the people of God. We came from God. We hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shouting hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shouting hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Halle sh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Cast your burdens unto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burdens onto Jesus for he. Oh, cast your blessings onto Jesus for he cares for you. Cast your burden onto Jesus for he can. Oh higher higher higher higher Jesus. Higher higher higher higher higher higher. Oh, singing higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, oh higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lower no say the Lord low. We don't have time for him tonight. Sing it higher. Higher with Jesus. Higher higher higher. Higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, higher higher. Oh, higher. Sing higher higher higher. Oh higher, higher. Lift Jeser, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lift Jesus higher. Amen and amen. Amen. The prophet said, "We have arrived. We have arrived. Amen. When you see what is going on, you know that prophecy has been fulfilled. It's just to tell you that it is time for us to manifest. Amen. It is a homegoing time. Amen. So, you know, one time there was a man called David. Amen. They brought a lion to him. To see how he was going to defeat that. Amen. it. God just manifested in David that he is king Theophali. That's Melkisedc. You remember he's both king and priest. So bring the lion. That spirit is able to conquer that lion. There was one time, there was one time a prophet was given a mission to go to talk to Jeroboam who was a wicked king, right? He went to manifest that God gave him specific instructions, but he swed away from it. And guess what? the lion. God prove that when something gets into iniquity, oh my goodness, when something gets out of line of the word, we have the lion, that consuming fire, that consuming lion that can consume anything that is contrary to the word. We just want to thank the Lord tonight. Amen. Let's give glory to the Lord. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, can we just take a scripture tonight? Amen. Amen. Oh, thank you musicians. Amen. Forgive me. Amen. Amen. And amen. I want to take Oh my. It's always feel good to be in the presence of the Lord. Amen. and to fellowship with brethren of like precious faith. Amen. Amen. I want to take the reading from Hosea. Amen. Hosea chapter 4 verse 6. Amen. Hosea chapter 4:6. Amen. Hosea is the first book of the minor prophets. Amen. After Daniel. Amen. So we want to read. Yes sir. Amen. Hosea chapter 4 verse 6. It said, "My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge." That's right. Amen. Because thou has rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me. Seeing thou has forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children. May the Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. Amen. Can you be seated tonight? Amen. Amen. So um the prophet says something. We can take scripture and look at it from so many angles and I know um the pastor have been dealing with with us with uh Hosea 4:6. Amen. I want to turn another angle to this. Amen. Amen. So my my title tonight is for lack of knowledge. Amen. For lack of knowledge. Bible said that for lack my people are destroyed. That's right. For lack of knowledge. Now we we look at knowledge in so many aspect or so many areas. Let's say somebody I just want to take brother Zach as an example as I'm seeing work in. Amen. So if we're talking about knowledge in HVAC Amen you would you would have to learn it. Amen. You've have to learn it to gain all those information. Amen. To be able to operate the the the HVAC machine or or whatever device that is connected to that. Amen. So when you don't have that information, you can't deal with anything that comes with HVAC. That's right. Let's say somebody who is a mechanic or somebody who works with vehicles. Amen. That person has to go through training. Amen. To be able to handle the fixing of a vehicle. That's right. So, let's say you give it to somebody who has no knowledge about trying to fix the car. Sometimes we take our cars to mechanics and we want to be sure that this mechanic is well experienced enough to be able to handle whatever situation is happening to the car. Amen. So what I'm trying to say is that when we don't have knowledge about something, we might end up destroying something. Amen. When we have been given something to handle and we don't have no knowledge about it, we end up in in in destruction. Amen. Now the the the book of John, can we go to John chapter 8 verse 32? Amen. John chapter 8 verse 32. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I had I had wanted to take uh the team tonight to be the silent weapon of God's secrecy. Amen. But then whilst whilst I was working on that, God had to start this for lack of knowledge. Amen. God has a weapon of secrecy. Amen. That the devil has no knowledge about. Amen. So God God just moved me to this portion so we can deal with that and next time we go onto that. Amen. God's silent weapon of secrecy. Amen. So we read John chapter 8 verse 32. Yes sir. Amen. John chapter 8 verse 32. Amen. He said, "And ye shall know the truth." That's right. And the truth shall make you free. That's right. Amen. So we see that lack of knowledge gets us into destruction. That's right. But then when we have the truth, the truth will make us free. That's right. In other words, the truth is a source of knowledge or the truth is given to us as a basis of knowledge to be able to get us free from any kind of bondage from any kind of situation that we are in. Amen. Amen. Now we want to take Proverbs chapter 9:10. Proverbs 9:10. Trying to build this foundation here. Amen. Proverbs 9 verse 10. Proverbs 9:E 10 it says the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. The beginning of wisdom and the knowledge of the holy is understanding. So we we we see right here that having fear for God begins something we call wisdom. Amen. And and with the holy or the children of God, understanding is very important because it builds up knowledge in our lives. So the beginning of wisdom is connected to the fear of God. That's right. Amen. So let's have that in mind. Let's read Amos 3 6 to8. Amos 3 6 to 8. So after Hosea we have Joah and then we have Amos. Amos chapter 3 verse 6 to8. If we are there, we say amen. Amen. The Bible said, "Shall a trumpet be blown in the city and the people not be afraid." So the word here is afraid of fear. Shall there be evil in a city and the Lord have not done it? So he said, "Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealth his secret unto his servants, the prophets." So the prophets come here. Amen. And it says something here. It said, "The lion has roared." Who will not fear? So the prophets are connected to something we call fear. And remember that the Bible said the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. So it means to begin the walk with Christ, we must get connected to the prophetic. That's right. To begin your walk with Christ, it must be connected to the prophetic. Amen. I'm going to read from what the prophet has said. This is in God's power to transform. Amen. Paragraph 208. Preach in 1965. He said, "It seems that people has lost their common decency and modesty." That's right. They are not like they used to be. Uh-huh. It used to be when the prophet said, "Thus said the Lord, the people trembled." Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. Amen. It said, "Yeah, they certainly did. The people moved for they was afraid, but now they lost all their scare of it." That's right. They don't fear God. So when the death se the Lord comes and we do not fear that it means we are not fearing God. So you remember that the beginning of the walk with God has to start with the fear. Amen. Amen. So it takes the prophetic to even start a walking with God. So say Solomon said the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. The prophet said just the beginning of it. Amen. Just the beginning. So I can imagine how how many people have not even begun the work with God because it has to be connected to the prophetic. Amen. Amen. It said but the prophet can speak that say the Lord. People say nonsense. My God. My God. Amen. So we have courts after courts being preached on the pulpit. You don't say nonsense by your mouth. Amen. But you say nonsense by your actions. Amen. So when the prophet says something and you are doing contrary in your heart, you are saying nonsense to God. Yes sir. Amen. You have not begun your work yet. It's a people say nonsense. See there is not a hope for them. It's it's they say why we are smart. We are intellectual. We don't have to take that kind of stuff. We know that we are talk. We know what we are talking about. So the smartness of men, amen, try to oppose the that say the Lord. That is why they call it nonsense in their heart. Amen. So when you when you kind of um just to illustrate it when you kind of know something in your life, right? You understanding concept to you, you know it, right? and then somebody else comes and then does something that you think is not right. How is your reaction going to be like? Excuse me to say you might say that is rubbish, right? Yep. Exactly. So your action shows that okay um that is that is a lot of garbage, right? You didn't say it by your mouth, but the actions show that you are saying that's a lot of garbage. Amen. So when the prophet says something and then we do contrary what we are trying to say is that that is garbage to me. Because if something is precious to you, you are definitely going to treat it right. Something that is precious to you, you might wake up in the morning, take it, clean it up, you're always looking at it, you're always watching it, you make sure that everything is right with it because it's precious to you. But if it's not precious to you, Amen. Where does it end up? It end up in the garbage bin. Right. Exactly. So, so it ends up in the trash can. Amen. So, what are we saying tonight? Amen. Our work has not even begun when we take away the dia the law from the pulpit. Our work with Christ has not even begun when we take away the message of the hour from the pulpit and is is being replaced by our creeds. Now what is a creed? A creed starts like an idea in your mind. That's right. Because that's what the prophet said. It was just a saying. That's right. And then it became it it went on to become something that the people were doing and then doctrine. Exactly. And then it it gets into the lives of the people. Now it becomes a man that is walking. Amen. So we develop our own creeds by our own intellectual understanding of of of what we think it's supposed to be. Amen. Amen. So creeds are not just literally things that that were written just like you go to u the Roman Catholic churches and um some of us who came from the Presbyterian churches we have a bunch of creeds that you have to recite and all those stuff. Amen. It started as an idea. So you can be sitting in church once the word comes and you have your own creed in your mind because your thinking is contrary to what is coming out. Amen. Go ahead brother. So the last time we talked about u the power of remembrance, right? And and we can we can recollect that the prophet made us to understand clearly that when God makes an oath or when God says something, he watches over that word. Amen. And because we are under spiritual amnesia. Amen. The spirit of God or the Holy Ghost has been sent to bring to remembrance the things that he has said before or the things that he prophesied. Amen. And remember that one form of remembrance is that he comes to manifest what he said just to prove to you that what he said is the truth. Amen. Yes, sir. So, so, so as as the prophet said, we must be under teaching because when the spirit of God speaks something, he comes to illustrate to us to really understand what he was talking about. Amen. Amen. So now, so now this is the thing. God doesn't hide the truth from the chosen. God will never hide the truth from the chosen. Why? Because to begin with, the truth was part of the chosen. Before you were born, the truth was already part of you. The truth was already in you. So you were just born as a child just like an adoption. Amen. You were born as a baby to be trained to know exactly what your inheritance was. Amen. Amen. So it I it is really important that you go under training or under teaching just to understand what you've been made for. Amen. Amen. We want to we want to take this from the message the faith of Abraham. Amen. God doesn't hide anything from the chosen. That is why that is why it's important for him to bring that knowledge to you. So when you reject knowledge, Amen. you are rejecting God. Amen. So you get to the point where you are getting destroyed. Amen. Things are happening. Prophecies are being fulfilled and people have no idea what is going on. But to the bride, we have that knowledge. Amen. And when we see that happen, we know what time it is. Amen. When when when Daniel Amen got to a point where he calculated the time and he realized that it was 68 years. Amen. How did he know it was 68 years? He already had a knowledge. Amen. From the prophecy of Jeremiah. Amen. So when the time came, he had to take action. Amen. To go and pray. Amen. Amen. Knowledge puts us to action. Especially when the time is at end. That's right. Amen. So the faith of Abraham, Amen, preaching 55, Amen. He said, and predestination is a hard word among a congregation of people. Because predestination, the prophet really fornowledge is a better word. He said, and predestination looks back to fornowledge and fornowledge looks onto destiny. That's right. Amen. So before destiny happens, there is fornowledge. As long as there is fornowledge, there is an assurance of destiny. So wherever God has made us to or whatever he has prepared us to get to, there is an assurance because there was a fornowledge. God looks back to the forn knowledge and the fornowledge points him to the destination. Amen. Amen. So when God is looking at you, he the picture takes him back to the forn knowledge. Amen. That is why the spirit of God is such that he wants people to be saved. Amen. But by knowledge, Amen. He knows that they can't be saved. Amen. Because for knowledge takes him back to the picture of how it was from the beginning. Amen. And then that for knowledge points him back to the destination. Amen. So it said, "And for knowledge looks unto destiny, that God being infinite in the beginning knew the end from the beginning." That's right. Therefore, he knew what people would do. That's right. So he could foretell what would take place. That's right. For he knew what would be. That's right. Amen. So when God comes with that say the Lord, he already knew it from the beginning and he knew what the ending was going to be. Amen. That is why the sea the Lord is as sure as it is. Amen. So when the Lord comes and said thus say the Lord, there is an assurance. Amen. When the Lord said thus say the Lord, there's coming a bride, a prophet bride that is going to conquer whatever Laisa brings to in in this dispensation, it is that said the Lord and that's an assurance that it is going to happen. Amen. Amen. So when he said when the squeeze come, watch the third pull unfold. That is the dust say the Lord. The Lord already saw it from the beginning. So now that we are seeing prophecy fulfilled, there is an assurance that that pool shall come into full effect. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. So paragraph 20, it says, "Therefore he by election he chose Abraham." That's right. For he knew what Abraham would do. That's right. He knew what he will do. Amen. Before he came to him. So when the Lord comes to you, he knows that he knew what you were going to do. But so many times we look at ourselves, our situation and and how the current condition is. Amen. But God knew that was exactly. Amen. The story of Gideon. Amen. When God came, he said, "Mighty man of hell." Amen. He already knew who he was. Amen. Before he came to him, Amen. If he were not to be a mighty man of valor, Amen. God wouldn't have come to him. And and and and and the same thing with Mary. Amen. Amen. If God didn't know what she was, he wouldn't have sent the angel to to her. Amen. So, if God didn't know the bride in this last age, he wouldn't have sent us a prophet. God knows exactly what the bride is. and what the bride will do. That is why he came to us in this last age. Amen. And so you remember when he called him out there and said he not keep the thing a secret from him. When he called him, he said he's not going to keep it a secret from him because he was a chosen. That is why the deeper secret of God is for the bride. It is not for anybody. That is why the devil can lo lay hold on that because it is not for the children of predition. It is a secret for the bride. That is why he uses that to confuse the enemy. The enemy cannot get to revelation because revelation is a secret that has been revealed. Amen. only to the bride. Why? There's a content of faith in the bride that can connect to revelation. Anytime revelation comes, it is bubbling in you. Amen. That that is exactly the truth. Amen. And it's only the pride that can take that. Amen. When he was going down to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, he said, "For I know that Abraham will teach his children I know it. God himself. I know that Abraham will send this message on down from one to the other generation. So when God called the bride in this last age, he knows that we are children, spiritual children of Abraham. Amen. The royal seed of Abraham. And he knows that when he brings the message to you, your children are also going to hear about it. The generations after them are also going to hear about it. God has an assurance that when he brings a message to you, it is going to be handed down to generations to come. That is why there is an assurance that our children can never be lost regardless of the situation, regardless of the condition. And we can hear the testimony of Sister P tonight. Amen. He gave that testimony. He said her child will never be lost. And we can see it manifest today. And we just say glory be to God. Glory. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. It said, "But God knowing that and knowing that Abraham would do it, then he told Abraham in the beginning that he will save him and save his seed after him." So God said he knew Abraham would do it. He knew that a time will come that he was going to test Abraham. Amen. To offer his son. That's right. God knew all that. Amen. That's why he came to him and brought him the test. So when God brings a test to you, he knows that you are going to overcome. That was why he brought it to you because you are chosen. You are a seed. Amen. You have already overcome. Amen. That was why he came to you with a test. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So say Abraham in the beginning that he would save him and save his seed after him and will give him the unconditional covenant that he made with Abraham. Not because Abraham was good, but because God was good. Amen. Not because you and I are good in our flesh, but because God is good. And he said, I have said that ye are God's. Hallelujah. Amen. So he God is good and he God is going to make sure that goodness manifest and overcome every challenge of this flesh. Amen. Not because you were good, but because God was good. Amen. And God comes to God. Amen. God is not coming to your flesh. He's coming to the God in you because he sees the goodness in you. Amen. So we sing the goodness of God. Amen. Amen. The goodness of God when we sing it, it is in our soul. Amen. The goodness of God is moving everywhere we go to. Amen. So we just proclaim him. Amen. He is the goodness, oh God, in us. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The faith of Abraham. Amen. Continue. and said, "And every believer in here is a Christian tonight because not that you are good, but because God was good to call you." God was good to call you. So God is call God who is good is calling you who is good. So good cause unto good. Amen. Amen. A good to respond. Ah, they got to be a good to respond. So I see a good call brother Greg. I see a good call sister Cindy. I see a good called brother Michael. I see a good call brother Khalma. I see a good Amen. So we sit down here and it's a bunch of goods. Amen. That is that is sitting and rejoicing to the mama good that is coming to us. Hallelujah. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. He said you couldn't come yourself. Your nature is against you because because there has to be a good to connect to the good. Amen. Your nature is against that good. You couldn't come yourself. It was God in you that came to meet God. That is why when we meet him in the air, we shall be like him. Amen. Because you see a good connecting to a good. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. They say you just couldn't you just couldn't as I said the other night make a pig believe he's wrong eating slop because it's his nature. Amen. See now the only said a leopard could not change his spot. No matter how bad he would lick, he'd only brighten it. Amen. Amen. It's a nature in there. So the spots are there. So he he's trying to take it out. Licking it. Licking it. But rather is actually showing more spot. It's becoming a clearer spot. Amen. Just to tell you your flesh can do nothing. Amen. Amen. Our flesh can do nothing. When we try to go by the way of our flesh, we rather we rather project sin the more. But when we connect to the inner man, Amen. that inner man is able to consume the desires of the flesh. Amen. Hallelujah. And said, and you don't want reformation. That that's why the reformers couldn't overcome sin. It has to take an eagle eye that can look to the inside and see where the problem was. Amen. To change you from the inside, inside out. Amen. So now the inside comes to consume the outside. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Yes sir. He said you got to be completely changed completely inside and the nature come from within. Amen. And it will work out. That's right. The prophet said it will work out. Regardless of whatever, regardless of the spot, regardless of how bad it is, it will work out. Even if it takes the last day on the hospital bed, it will work out. Amen. We proclaim that upon our families. Amen. It will surely work out. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. It's said by getting it right inside at the beginning. Amen. At the beginning. That is why it's very important to connect to the prophetic from the beginning. Because the beginning has to be right. The prophetic brings you to how you have to get baptized. Amen. The prophetic brings to you how you have to receive the Holy Ghost, how we conduct ourselves, how we have to dress, how we have to do things in the church. So we must start from the beginning. I said and you and you begin with a soul before the world was ever formed. Amen. Amen. So from the beginning, God had already worked out what he was going to manifest in you. Amen. He said when God created man in his own image. Amen. Now you got to get that right. And that's what has to be born again. Not your thinking. It takes care it. It moves with this. But get this right. And this will be all right too if you just get your heart right. Your intellectuals will move right with it. If you get your heart right, your intellectuals will move right with it. Because the power is on the inside. The inside power is greater than what is outside. The Bible said greater is he that is in me than who is in the world. Amen. So that greater person in me overcomes whoever is outside or the outward man. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now from this message, Amen. I try to be watching my time. Amen. He said, sir, we will see Jesus. Amen. Preaching 60 1960 paragraph of 171. He said, "But watch this one that stayed with Abraham." Now close. We are fixing to close in a minute, but um we have a little time. Amen. Amen. He said, "Watch Jesus. What he said will be in the last day." That's the church nominal getting their message for Billy Graham and many of the great men has swept the earth with it. The church spiritual has to get their message in the last days. So once we see the fulfillment on the on one side, you also see the fulfillment on the other side. Amen. Once we see prophecy being fulfilled on one side, we must also see prophecy fulfilled on the other side. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So when we see when the time is coming that the spirit of the devil is going to be incarnate in man, God sent a message to the church. He said ye are gods. Ye are gods. I said ye are gods. Remember God has to be incarnate in man. That is why he sent the capstone ministry. The capstone ministry is the fullness of Christ. The unveiling of Christ in in the body of flesh. Hallelujah. That is our promise. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. And amen. We don't care how it's going to happen. Amen. Just like how the the prophet was moving with this brother with with that silver tip bear. Amen. They they were getting closer, getting closer, getting closer, getting closer. And it got to the point the brother was like, "Oh, brother Abraham, are you really sure about this?" The prophet had a key. Amen. He had a key to the door. The prophet said when God shows you a vision, he has he has shown you the key. Amen. And nothing can take it away from you. So the prophet had that key. Amen. So while he were moving on was it looks impossible. Sometimes we think how are we going to be speaking things into existence when that squeeze come. But as we are getting closer, getting closer, it is a promise of God when we get to 500 years out. Amen. It to get to that point that we begin to see the manifestation of what was promised. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The church spiritual has to get their message in the last days cuz Jesus said as it was in that day so shall he be. He said watch this angel how he acts of this man. Hallelujah. He had his back turned to the tent and he said Abraham where is your wife Sarah? Amen. He came to prove to the church, God in flesh, and we are promised that in this last age. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes sir. God incarnate. That is the capstone revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ. That is the ministry that is promised the bride in this last age. Hallelujah. We've seen a sign in a prophet called brother Brham. Amen. that he turned his back just to prove hallelujah God in flesh. There is a promise to the bride that there's coming a time that you speak things into existence. You speak things Amen to change your situation. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes sir. Amen. He said,"Abraham, seeing that you are an heir of the world, I am not going to keep this a secret from you. I'm going to visit you according to the time of life." Hallelujah. Time of love. Time of life. Hallelujah. That is that is for the married couple. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. He said he couldn't keep that secret from Abraham. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Now, now before we go, we can go to Romans uh chapter 8 verse 6 and 7. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, there's there's one interesting thing about knowledge. Amen. Yes, sir. knowledge can can get you to a point where you can fear depending on the amount of knowledge that you have or you can be completely in assurance. Amen. So let's say I'm just looking at it in in this way. Let's say you've been asked to go somewhere we have no idea about. Sometimes you do hear stories that people have said. Right? So they said okay when you go to this city you're going to meet this you're going to have this this is going to happen to you and that and that is going to happen to you because you have partial knowledge about it. You get into the state of fear anxiety because they said a lot of things but then when you go and experience it yourself. Amen. The next time you're going, you have a knowledge of how to overcome any situation that comes your way. That is why it is important for knowledge to be complete. Amen. Those who cause a lot of trouble are those who just have an idea about a concept. Because when the truth is coming to them, they'll tell you, I know about this. But then they didn't have the full picture. of the whole thing. They are mostly the trouble causes. They cause a lot of trouble. Amen. That is why the devil the devil having just a a a little bit or a part of the knowledge. Amen. He causes a lot of trouble. Amen. But then the bride is stabilized. Amen. Because the bride knows what is going to happen. We are not moved. Amen. People who have no idea or or or have some idea about the coming of the Lord are in constant fear because what they know is that when the coming of when the time of the coming of the Lord comes, you're going to u see cars knocking each other. You're see um earthquakes and all those things happening. And so people are so scared about that. But the bride has a complete picture of the coming of the Lord to we are so stabilized and now we have gotten to the point where we are like Lord come quickly. I want to see you. I want to see how you look like. I' I I've been talking about you. You've been manifesting in healing. You've been manifesting in the sermons. You've been manif you manifested when my wife was sick. Amen. and and and and and you came and said, "I am the Lord your healer. I'm Jehovah Rafa." You manifested when when when I didn't have money. Amen. And he said, "I am the Lord your provider." Amen. Amen. So, Amen. So, the bride is waiting to see him because the bride has full knowledge. Amen. Of who he is. That is why it is important to get knowledge. That is why it is important to have knowledge. Amen. Hallelujah. Romans chapter 8 verse 6 and 7. Lord help me. Oh Lord Jesus. Romans 8. Romans 8. Yes, sir. Romans chapter 8 verse 6 and 7. It said, "For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace." Amen. life and peace. So when you have that spiritual mind, when the Lord brings that stability in your life, it is speaks to you because you understand what is happening. Amen. When when a child is growing up, Amen. and and is going through certain trouble. Amen. The parents are looking at the child and like okay we have been there before and we know where you are getting to. They are not moved but the child can can can be moved. The child will be like what is happening to me? Especially maybe if it's a girl child and get to that teenage years. Amen. It's like but what's happening to me? I'm having headache. I'm having this that and and and all those things and amen. And then and then mama will be looking at you and like okay my child is growing. Welcome to the club. Amen. Mama is not moved. Amen. Because mama has a complete knowledge of what is going on. But you the child maybe you might have heard something from your friends. Amen. It begins to destabilize your mind. Amen. That is why it is important to get the full picture of Christ. Amen. People don't understand Christ enough. So when challenges are happening in their life, it disturbs them a lot. It disturbs their mind. Amen. When you ask God for something and he says no. If you don't get the complete picture, it's going to disturb your mind. You'll be like, "Lord, are you not going to give this to me?" Amen. But hallelujah. When he's 4 days late, hallelujah. He's fixing something to happen. He's fixing something. Amen. Something in your life. Amen. And you might be looking at one picture. Amen. But he has a cascade of events. Hallelujah. That is coming to you. Amen. You might be looking for a job. Amen. For how many years now? Amen. But God has so many things in store. Amen. Hallelujah. You might be looking for a child. Amen. Hallelujah. But the Lord has something in store. It's not just one event. Amen. But multiple events. And God specializes in this. Amen. He can just take one stone. Amen. Not kill two beds, but kill multiple beds. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. He can just throw that stone. It knock this and this goes to knock that knock this knock this knock and knocks everything out. Hallelujah. That is the God that we serve. Yes, sir. Oh, Lord Jesus. I'm still watching my time. Oh my. Yes, sir. Amen. He said because the carnal mind is enmity against God for it is not subject to the law of God neither indeed can be. Amen. So carnality has to do with the way we are thinking. A it aality in in its u definition has to do with the flesh. Right. But then it's talking about the fleshly thinking. Right. Amen. But then God also uses the carnal mind spiritually. That's exactly right. So when we are talking about the body, Amen. We have the functions that God has made the body for. Amen. Each body part has a function. And all these things fall in line with the program of God. So when God comes, he's bringing your mind to how these things work. That is why he's talking about the ear. He's talking about the eye. He said this can function without this one. Amen. The ones that we think that they they are not uh uh what's the word? Amen. They are not important. Amen. Amen. Those ones, Amen. that we think are not important. Amen. Amen. They do certain things that connect the important ones. Amen. That connect the important ones. Amen. Amen. That is why when your toe hurts. Amen. You can be home for a whole week. But you might think that it is your hand that you are using to work. Amen. But just that little nail on that toe, Amen. is is going to knock you down for days. Amen. Yes, sir. When somebody pokes your eye. Amen. You know how precious it is. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. So, to be carnally minded has to do with the way our intellect is programmed connected to um the the nature of how we were born. Amen. Amen. That's what Bible is talking about. So having that carnal mindset, Amen. is an opposition, That's right. to the program of God. That's right. Cuz any program of God is spiritual. That's right. So we say the Bible is spiritual because it is the program of God. How God has laid the foundations, how he wants them to go, how events are supposed to take place. That is why anything that is contrary to how God has programmed everything we say it is intellectual. It's carnal. Amen. Amen. So verse eight, he said, "So then they that so then they that are in the flesh cannot please God." That's right. Amen. Those that are in the flesh cannot please God. has to do with our carnal thinking. I want to try and hurry up. Amen. This is this is um from the message a deceived church by the world. Uhhuh. Paragraph 16. He said, "And there's no need for any man to try to make his worldly knowledge and ever please God with it." He said, "It's an abomination in the sight of God. You will never please God with the worldly ambitions and knowledge because it's en enmity to God says the scripture. He cannot do it. That's right. Amen. And each one tries to have all the knowledge. They know just what to do and the words to say and it becomes just a political speech in thestead of a powerly demonstrated Holy Spirit message that sinks to the heart of man and discovers his saints. Amen. So intellectually we all we all know politicians. Amen. Yeah. As long as they want their party to come into power. Amen. They're going to say all sort of things. Amen. Amen. And then when they get into power, sometimes we get disappointed. Amen. Amen. Cuz they have to talk in such a way to sway your mind. Amen. To kind of fall for them. Amen. Political speech. Amen. That is conality. Amen. We are talking about the spirit of God. And he said spiritually the Holy Ghost comes to demonstrate what he's talking about. So when the Holy Spirit says something, it is not just to persuade you with with enticing words of men. Amen. But it's coming to demonstrate what he's talking about. So the only way for us to understand what the spirit of God is saying is by seeing it happen. Amen. Amen. That is why the Lord always watches over his word. He will never miss the mark. That is why every promise of the Lord is an assurance to his bride. Amen. Amen. He said, "But all these men go off to seminaries and they learn great educations. how they must stand before the people, how they must present themselves, how they must dress, and how they must act. They should never use the wrong grammar. So you see, carnality, amen, teaches you these things. Amen. But God also teaches you how to dress. And how to talk. Amen. Amen. And how to act. Amen. Amen. That is why he puts order in the church. Amen. So when we are coming the way we have to act. Amen. Not just in the church when we are outside the way we act. Not to play hypocrisy when we are in church. Amen. So God gives us the directions on how we should act. Not man's knowledge. Because men go to put things together to entice other men to convince other men. Amen. But that is not the way of God. Amen. So Paul said the gospel that I preached didn't come like but it come through the renewing of the Holy Ghost and the power of demonstrations doesn't come by a right formed speech that your wisdom would be or your trust will be in the wisdom of men but it come through the demonstrations of the power of the risen Christ that's the gospel to know him in the power of his resurrection to know him in the power of his resurrection. That is why when he portrays or he manifest that he is the resurrection. That was the gospel that was preached to the Jews. Amen. And he began to pull people. He began to pull the Jews in the power of his resurrection. Amen. And we know him in the power of his resurrection in this last age. Amen. That he comes, he shows us the cloud. Amen. In the power of his resurrection. And he said, "I am the risen Christ. Coming to the bride, the capstone ministry. It is time for us to meet him in the air." Glory to God. We invite Brother Steven. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I couldn't finish my sermon tonight, but I'll just end it here. Amen. Invite Brother Steven. Amen. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. What a landing. I was sitting right there still waiting for him to continue. Oh, praise God. Let's give the Lord a big clap. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. My people suffer for lack of knowledge. And this knowledge that he's preaching about is godly knowledge. Amen. If you go to the stature of a perfect man, you read it. Brother Brandham say this is a godly knowledge. It's a knowledge of God. It's come by revelation of the word of God. Amen. Amen. We are so privileged. God gave the promise and when God the pro when God gave the promise, God will watch over that promise to fulfill it. Amen. Amen. God doesn't send his word for vain. No sir, never it will never return to him void. It will accomplish that which God is sending it. Amen. Don't look at this world to trust or to cling in anything. That's right. Amen. Everything is shaking. They don't even know what they doing themselves. Amen. Everybody's acting like crazy. War here, war there, war there, war there. Pakistan, India and this one. All over the world, it's a mess. What started in Israel is still continue. Amen. Is one thing, one thing, it's only the word of God. Amen. If you put your hope into this world, you'll be completely disappointed. But the word of God will change you completely and give you hope that will renew you every day knowing that God is in control of your life and God is making everything work together for good. Amen. No matter how hard it is, God is doing everything and we have an expected end. Amen. Trust in the Lord. You will never be disappointed. Glory to God. Wonderful message, brother set. I'm happy. It make you feel so good when you see them picking up like this and keep moving and keep moving and keep moving. So I can sit down and just watch them being preaching weeks after week. Huh? Right. Oh my god. Somebody say yes. Somebody say no. Okay. We get a mixed blend together. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham said the pastor is elected until until and brother Steven won't die. I'm going to the rapture. Are we together? Are we together? So I'm not going to be here preaching Wednesday, Sunday, Wednesday, Sunday. Hey, slow down. Use some wisdom. God put people there. God put brothers from other churches. Let the brother preach. Let the five four ministry do their job. And he blessed the bride. It is not one man show. You need to learn how to pass the ball and let the other person go and score. Amen. And we learning from one another. You sit down and you learn things every single day and we thank God for it. Let's stand my friend. Glory to God. And let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight again. Father, we thank you because it was good to be in your presence, Lord. Thank you for speaking to our soul, comforting us, Lord, and surely comforting our sisters, Lord, when you bring such a timely message in a time like this, Lord. Father, I pray that you strengthen your servant that you use, Lord. And may Lord Father you continue to protect and bless the church and also strengthen sister Pam, brother Andrew and the entire family. Lord we are committing the remaining of the weak unto their hand Lord. Father protect us and give us travel mercy Lord. Father as we humbly ask it Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead. Wonderful, wonderful. Jesus sits to me. He's the counselor, a prince of peace, a mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Let's sing it again. Wonderful. Yes. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's my counselor, a prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Y'all can be dismissed. God bless you. Oh my heart sings today. Sing your joy and gladness. Jesus satisfies vanishes my sadness. Guilt is gone. He shall find. He's like to a river. Jesus is wonderful. He's mighty to deliver. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's the counselor, Prince of Peace. Mighty God is saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Once a slave, now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus is liberty and all salvation. Now the sins of the past have been all for and my name is Christ on the book of heaven. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is to me. He's the counselor, the prince of peace. Mighty God is he. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful and deeper. Living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day, all the way. Morning sweet communion. Oh what sh and rock in my holy station since my soul has received for free salvation. Wonderful wonderful Jesus is to me. The counselor might guide me. He's saving me keeping me from all wonderful. Praise his name. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's a counselor, friend of peace. Mighty God is me. He's saving me, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful and my redeemer praise his name. Now what's like a burden with God I dwell. Freedom from my sorrow. I pray that Jesus came and he me and glory to God. He set me free. And he set me free. And he set me free. He broke the mark of my prison for me. Now I'm glorified by Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He set me free.
