################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - The Power of Resurrection (Easter) - Bro Polycarpe Omambo - Polycarpe Omambo.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-16
Title:    The Power of Resurrection (Easter) - Bro Polycarpe Omambo
Speaker:  Polycarpe Omambo
Church:   Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Udg0ObubEXc
========================================

Description:
We own no rights to the music
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I was married and we haven't seen each other for years. Her father was a very personal friend of mine. His name was Lee. Marian Lee. And I remember one night a scripture he couldn't he couldn't get it fixed up. He said, "Brother Brandom, I I'm not doubting you, but said, you know, I've always been taught this." He was a he was a Nazarene. And he said, "I I've been taught this, and I I just can't understand it." and he was a carpenter. I went home with him one night and he said, "Uh, I'll tell you while Norman then goes up stairs said, "Let's let's just have a bite to eat. We got some cornbreaded buttermilk. That's really good." And so we I could treat it justice right now. I haven't been eating for about three weeks here. Just a little now and then so I could be at the best for my Lord. And now we got a big glass of cold buttermilk out of the spring house and a big piece of cold cornbread and we sat down and crumbled this cornbread up in there was eating and he said, "Billy, I just don't get that what you're talking about." So we we went to bed long about long late in the night. He we talked to about 1:00 and I went to sleep on him and he he he woke up and he said I I dreamed that I was building a building up in New Albany and the man left me the blueprint. He went to Florida and he had a on his blueprint he had a bay window and I said that man don't want that bay window out there. So I just left it off and said when the man come back he said I will not pay you for this building until you tear it down and rebuild it according to this blueprint. I said, "There's a creek right down here. It isn't very far. So, you don't want to go carrying something down at the end of the road. You might not have time." He said, "It's all right with my pajamas on." I said, "Mine, too. Let's go." So, we went down. So, his daughter got real real famous and his grandchildren on singing and they they were United Brethren. His daughter is married a United Brethren minister or minister's son. And this boy, fine fella, he was a machinist up the vote works. And the little girls trying to live for Christ. It got too much pressure on their very genius kitties. One of them at 17 years old was teaching music. She had majored in. She was a very smart girl. And so, uh, this little fella couldn't stand the pressure, be teased, and they tell her she was oldfashioned and so forth. And after a while, the kid had a breakdown. They they taken her to what they call our lady of peace, a Catholic institution in Louisville, for shock treatment. And they gave her, of course, that's a shot in the dark. If there's a doctor here, I hope I don't offend you by that, but sometimes it makes them worse than ever. And so, give her a shock treatment. And it made the child worse. So they sent her home few weeks had to bring her back again and she was really in her [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can be upstanding tonight. Amen. Even as we pray and commit the service into the hands of the Lord, we ask that the Lord take preeminence tonight. We ask that the Lord take control of those coming tonight. Amen. Those on their way. The Lord protect them on the roads, Lord. Let's pray. Father in the name of Jesus, we are grateful Lord. We are grateful for our lives. Lord, we are grateful God, Father, for the hedge, your God, your protection around us, Lord. We are grateful, Lord Jesus, for oh God, that you always provide all our needs, Lord. We are grateful, Lord Jesus, to be in your sanctuary once again. Lord, Father, to experience your presence, Lord, to commune, oh God, with you, Lord Jesus. God, Father God, you have called us once again, oh God, to come and dine. Oh God, Father, at your table, at your feet tonight, Lord, we are just grateful, Lord. And Father God, we are thankful, oh God, for each and every day of our lives, Lord. We are thankful for the daily bread, Lord. We provide, Lord. We are thankful for healing, Lord. We are thankful, Lord Jesus. Oh God, Father, for watching over us, Lord Jesus. We are thankful for the breakthroughs, Lord. We are thankful oh God for everything Lord Jesus. Oh God we just want to express our joys tonight Lord. We just want to worship you you tonight Lord. And father we come before you Lord knowing that oh God we fallen short oh God. Father in so many ways Lord we know God that God your grace and your mercy oh God. Father God is abandoned oh God. And Lord you're rich in mercy tonight Lord. We asking father God if there be any shortfalls oh God shortcomings oh God on our part Lord we asking for your forgiveness tonight Lord may you cleanse us Lord Jesus oh God father of God we are asking Lord Jesus God that you take prinance tonight Lord Jesus we ask Lord may your spirit oh God move mightily Lord Father we commit the atmosphere into your hands Lord we ask Lord may you set it Lord Father the right way go for your minister tonight Lord and asking Lord may you take my side Lord even as you use him to speak your word Lord may you feel him Lord Jesus oh God and take absolute control Lord we also pray committing those on their way coming into your hands Lord we ask father for your protection Lord lead them safely Lord Jesus God we thank you we bless you we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen and amen Amen. Amen. Amen. Want to worship the Lord tonight. Amen. Want to sing this song. I exalt thee. [Music] Amen. For thou, oh Lord, are high above all the air. Thou exalted far above. [Music] Oh God, thou, oh Lord, are high above all the air. Oh, exalted far above. Oh God, I exalt thee. I [Music] exalt thee. [Music] I exalt thee. I exalt thee. [Music] Oh Lord, I [Applause] [Music] exec. [Music] I exalt thee. [Music] Oh Lord for thou Lord. Oh for thou oh Lord are high above all the air. [Music] Th exalted far above. Oh God, thou Lord, thou, oh Lord, are high above all the earth. Oh, and [Music] th far above. Oh, God. Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I am so [Music] I told you so. Oh, I adore thee. I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh, I love you. Thee. Oh, I told thee. I Oh, I told thee. I adore thee. [Music] Oh Lord, I exec. Oh, I told thee I saw [Music] thee. Oh Lord, one more time. Oh, I told thee I [Music] exe. Oh, I told thee. I exalt thee. Oh Lord, Lord prepare me to be a sanuary. [Music] King, your [Music] glory. Oh, tried and true. Oh, we face him. And I'll be a [Music] living. Oh, thank you Mary. Oh for you. Oh Lord prepare me Lord. Lord your mercy set [Applause] you and pure and holy. right and [Music] true and I'll be a living. Oh, send you. [Music] One more time. Oh, prepare me, Lord. to be a [Music] sanctuary. Oh, pure and glory. [Music] who [Music] tri I'll be a [Music] living set You [Music] full with thanksgiving. full with the ging I'll be a living [Music] sanctuary for [Music] Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. We want to be that temple of the Lord. He has made us that temple. Amen. We just want to praise him tonight. Amen. With I see a cloud. Amen. Amen. Like man's hand. Amen. [Music] Oh, I see I see a sound like amazing. I see a cloud like [Music] amazing. I see a cloud like amazing. And I know it's not the way. Oh, I see I see a cloud like amazing. Oh, I see a cloud like amazing. I see a cloud like a me and I know it's got the rain. time when it was dry. Lord, they caught up in the sky. The children of God began reason why. So they went to God's men cuz they didn't understand. He said, "Look is written in the sky." Oh, and I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like a me. I see a cloud like a me and I know it's not rain. Now they open up the door. They sometimes they look once more from the sea. They began to understand that our God was at hand. Just as God said it would be. Oh, I see I see a cloud like a M. I see a cloud like a mist. I see a cloud like a me and I know he's got away. So today we have no fear. We know a cloud did appear. The b scream my bride go to that door. Have faith and just believe and his spirit you receive. There is just about to grow. Oh, I see I see a cloud like a day. Oh, I see a cloud like a rain. Oh, I see a cloud like a rain now. The bride is looking above for a char of love to fill them with peace. You never know. And this the bride is unfold. The mystery the prom has already been saved. Oh, I see I see a lot like a Oh, I see I see a lot of Oh, I see a like a Oh, I see tonight. I see a cloud like a mercy. Oh, I see a cloud like a mercy. Oh, and I see a lot like a mercy. Oh, and I see tonight. I see a cloud like a I see a cloud like a I see a rock like a one time. Oh, I see. When I see your rock, I see your rock. Oh, I see your rock. And I know [Laughter] he's Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. I don't know if we remember this song, but we're going to sing it tonight. Amen. No, you not. No, you not. You are the temple. No, you not. No, you not. You are a temple. No, you not. No, you not. You are the temple. You are the temple of the No, you not. Oh, you not you are not you are temp knowing that you are the temple. You are the temple of Oh yes I know. Yes I know. Yes I know I am. Yes I know. Yes, I am. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am I am full of your Oh, yes I know. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am. Yes, I know. Yes, I know. I am the temple. I am the temple of glory. Full of praise. Oh, full of praise. Full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Oh, I am full of the holy. Oh, full of praise, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. Oh, full of praise, full of power, full of glory, full of praise, full of power, full of glory. I am the temple of holy chamber. Oh, we were one of Oh, when the Holy Ghost has be singing the power. The power of power. Yes, we Oh yes, we from heaven. Hear the sound of rushing. All tons of fire came down has been lo. [Music] [Applause] Sending your power just This time I was given to our father who were true. Oh this is proise to you and not a man. [Applause] Oh Lord, sing your power. Oh Lord, sing your power now. Oh, sing your power in. Oh Lord, sing your power. Oh, send your power just now. Oh, send your power just now and baptize everyone and walk and fellowship. Oh, and join divine everlasting. Oh, what a blessedness. Lord [Music] [Music] every [Music] [Music] single lasting. Oh, how sweet you are in the [Music] spirit. Everlasting. Oh, our brother everlasting. I'm [Music] living everlasting. Oh, have I to have I everlasting. Oh, I have this complete my everlasting [Music] [Music] I'ming one more time. [Music] I'm [Music] seeing the ever blessing. Amen. And amen. Amen. We are leaning on that everlasting arms. Amen. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We have some praise report tonight and some prayer request. Amen. I'm going to read a praise report. We've also got two specials tonight. Amen. We are praising the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. This is from brother Greg trying to read it. Brother Greg. Amen. Amen. All right. [Music] Um talking about son-in-law needs prayer. Amen. Amen. Okay. So, it's actually a prayer request. Amen. So, invite um we we um bring before the Lord, son-in-law of brother Greg, that the devil's trying to trap him in a situation and we asking that the Lord will take him out of that. Amen. Amen. So this is from brother Michael Omar. He said, "God bless you church. I request prayers for my wife. She has traveled briefly to Nairobi, Kenya. She should be back by Sunday." Amen. So we keep Sister Rosemary in prayer. Amen. And this from brother Charles Jr. said, "Grandfather has been diagnosed with prostrate cancer, but God is a healer and creator." Amen. pray for his will to be done. Amen. So, we're going to we're going to commit grandpa, Amen, into the hands of the Lord. Amen. So, this morning, we're going to ask brother Charles, Amen. The second, Amen. to bring before the Lord our prayer request tonight. Brother Greg's son-in-law, Sister Rosemary, and Brother Charles Senior. Amen. Okay. Okay. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Thank you, pastor. Amen. God bless you, sir. So, my testimony is about is about my dad. In 2021, my daddy uh had had a uh cancer in the prostate. But after 35 session of chemotherapy and prayers, the Lord heal healed my daddy. Amen. Now it has been like three weeks. My my younger sister called me saying that daddy went again to the hospital and they found cancer on the the lungs. Yeah. And this time the doctor say the cancer was metastasiz. It was on the lung and the downward part of his body. My sister called me. She was really like she was nervous. She was she was everything. So I told her I'm like don't don't share those negative energy with me because even if it's true there's nothing we can do but pray. So I'm going to ask everybody in the family to pray. So I also came I share with one of the sister I told her pray for my dad. And I felt myself I need to go pray. I went praying. I say Lord Jesus if it's your will for daddy to go home. Praise God. But I'm not ready yet for my daddy to go back home. I still need my daddy. Please heal my dad. Amen. So when I finished praying, I I had the the Bible just uh on my bed because I was kneeling close to my bed. When I finished praying, I opened the Bible. Um where I open the Bible, it was John, no, not John, Job. Job 14 where the Lord was uh kind of rebuking Job friends and the Lord the Lord restoring Job and at the end they said Job lived forund and something years. So when I when I I read that I felt peace in my heart. Amen. So I call my mom, I call my brother, my sister. I say you go take daddy to uh the doctor again, another doctor. This one, another cancer. The doctor we treat who treat cancer. Another one. But I'm telling you, you're going to find nothing. Nothing will be there. So because they ask me why they say I say I'm don't know. I don't know how to explain, but I'm having this peace that I feel when God did something. I feel a certain piece that I cannot understand or explain. So they had an appointment. They took my dad to the next appointment. They put him under the uh the scanner CT scan. Thank you. So after the result came, they check the doctor check. There were nothing nothing. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise God. That's a scripture. Now, that's what the Lord said. When faith strike like that, we ought to take a hold whatever we have need of. If God is moving like that for one in this body, we all can get it. Let us pray family. Lord Jesus, we thank you, heavenly father, for being a present help in the time of trouble, Lord. Lord, you promise, Lord God, that Lord, if we confess our sins, Lord God, you're faithful and just to forgive us, Lord. And Lord, when we call, Lord God, you would answer, Lord God. And Father, we know you know all the desires, Lord, that are on our heart, Lord God. Some might have not have spoken it, Lord God. But Lord, the mind of the heart, Lord God. The ears of the heart, Father, they speak, Lord God, and they listen for you to speak back, Lord Jesus. And Father, we have many requests among us, Lord God. That we desire for you to answer, Lord God, in this time, Lord Jesus. And we commit it unto you, Lord God, because we know you hear us, Lord. Father, we pray, Lord God, that you continue, Lord God, to bless this fellowship, Lord. Father, bless the remaining of the service, Lord God. remember the tithes and the offerings Lord of the people Lord. Father, we see the work being done outside, Lord Jesus Christ. And we thank you, Lord God, because from out of nothing, heavenly father, Lord, you made something, Lord God. And Father, we pray, Lord God, that this atmosphere of faith, Father, can continue, Lord, to build us up, Lord God, until that rapturing day, Lord Jesus. Lord, bless the song service, Lord, the remaining thereof, Lord God. And father allow us Lord God to humble our hearts in your presence to find our place Lord in this service Lord God that we might help you Lord God as you deliver your word Father Lord in being attentive to your word Father Lord and on one mind and one accord Lord God pulling on the gift of God as you use your servant father we commit all things into your hand in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen and amen. We have two specials tonight. Amen. It's a night of praise. Amen. We invite sister divine and um and the sisters. Amen. To come and give us their special. Amen. Brother Ben. Amen. Then after that we have sister Yok bed. Amen. Amen. [Music] Jehovah. Jehovah you. I trust in you, oh Lord. Jehovah you. I trust in you. I believe. I believe in you. I trust in you. Oh Lord, you over you. My trust in you. I believe. I believe you are the God of miracles. You are the God of wonderers. You are the God of powerful. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe over you. I trust in you, oh Lord. You trust in you. And I believe I believe in you. I trust in you, oh Lord, to over you. I trust in you. I believe I believe you are the God of miracles. You are the God of wonderers. You are the God powerful. I believe. I believe. I believe. I believe. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, well down there. [Music] [Music] Where [Music] the Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Let me well. [Music] The way that I [Applause] Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We invite Sister Yokubet tonight. Amen. We are praising the Lord tonight. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] When I wake up in the morning, I think of the great things God has done for me. In my heart there's such rejoicing to think that a new day has dawned on me for the glorious mysteries in God's word that he has allowed me to share. It is only an indication of his great love and how much he I feel like you feel like oh I feel like oh praise him for everything he's done for you. Yeah. I like to Abraham came down in this day onto me showing things that were and things that are set out to be. What was hidden from the eyes of the wise and the [Music] fruitful is all our blessing and revelation to take us to our eternal [Applause] [Music] home. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Every [Music] morning my [Music] heart in the is so pleasure and so I Christ. [Music] [Music] be okay. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. mountain everything. Praise the Lord. Oh, that's crazy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] single. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to God. Raise your hand and praise him. Glory to God. Thank you for your presence tonight. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for everything. Thank you for healing my father alone. Thank you for healing sister Lily. Thank you for blessing us. Thank you for everything you're doing in our life. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Woo. What an atmosphere. He inhabited the presence of his people. Thank you Lord. Oh glory to God. Woo. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The Lord is here. The Lord is in this place. Oh, glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Woo! Woo! My God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, shake somebody's hand and say, "The Lord is here. The Lord is in this place." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. What a presence of God. What an atmosphere of joy, an atmosphere of a convention. Glory to God. All the tiredness, the weariness, the glooiness. All the worries are gone away. The mighty conqueror is here. Wow. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Oh, glory to God. God bless you, musician. Glory to God. Glory to God. Oh my. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Invisible audience, I wish you were here. Praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Any family member here, God richly bless you. Amen. And welcome to our convention. Oh, glory to God. Brother John, I'm sorry if I enter into your program. I usually respect officer in their program, but can I also add a song request on Sunday so we can praise him again? Sister Divana, did you hear that song? Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know how many song you have. So if a possibility, you only have two There we go. So can we do that on Sunday so we can praise him again? If you don't see what is going around this building, we are moving like Abraham, having nothing but keep moving by faith. And Jehovah Jara is supplying every step of the time. Sometime you want God to do everything in one shot. And he told Israel, do not destroy the promised land all in one shot. Go step by step so that the beast of the field don't multiply. So step by step we moving. Oh glory, glory, glory. Because everything has a purpose. Amen. Oh God, pray for me. Then then we can dig in that purpose a little bit more deeper. And then you'll be amazed that even whatever you do have a purpose. I even saw a quote, brother Brandham, up and I put it and I heard it. I say, "Oh my god, this one I want to bring it to the church." I say, May 10th. Brother Brandham, I meet the married couple meeting. I was like, "Wow." Oh, God. Brother Brandham says this say, "Okay, I keep it for the married couple meeting." Amen. Glory to God. I I can't take too too long. This atmosphere is so powerful. I just let the preacher move on. Brother Polycarp will be preaching and brother JM will be translating. So let's pull on the gift of the Lord and let the Lord speak tonight. Thank you Jesus. Yes sir. [Applause] Oh, believe [Music] is [Music] so [Music] Only believe you Jesus [Music] Oh, come in. [Music] Lord, I believe. Oh, I [Music] believe. All things are possible. Oh, I believe I believe all things are glorious. [Music] You believe it this evening? Can we applaud for the Lord? If there is a time that the Christians may rejoice is this month, the month of April. Amen. Amen. It's the month that we celebrate the um holidays of Christian, the resurrection of our Lord Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. if this evening if we could believe because everything is possible to those that believe. He who was resurrected. The Bible declares he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He who was dead and buried, but he came from the grave without help of a man. He's capable of giving life where there is death, your works that were dead, dead situations. He's capable this evening, not tomorrow, but he's capable this evening to give life to change the systems. We'll see how he changes the system. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And I thank the pastor for this opportunity that he gave us. to make some noise around the word of God to help someone. Amen. Amen. Because if there's Ezekiel's this evening, the prophets talk that preachers in the New Testament are prophets. Amen. Amen. So, we're here to prophesy for you. to declare and reclaim. We're ambassadors of God. Amen. Amen. [Music] If Ezekiel could um prophesy on dry bones this evening, we could al we're also going to do it. May God bless you all and those that are listening to us online. We greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe the Lord God will not deceive you. A man can deceive you. You can even be deceived by yourself also. But when you're in face with the resurrection, you will not be deceived. Quickly, if we could read in the book of Matthew Matthew chapter 24, Matthew 24 verse 23, are you there? Okay. Jerusalem. [Music] Verse 33. It says, "So likewise ye, when ye shall see all these things, know that it is it is near, even at the door. Luke, it's Luke. It's Luke chapter 24 verse 33. Okay. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Because I was supposed to also read in Matthew 27. Luke 24 verse 33. Luke 24:33. And they rose up the same hour and returned to Jerusalem and found the 11 gathered together and them that were with them, saying, "The Lord is risen indeed, and have appeared to Simon. And they told And they told what things were done in the way and how he was known of them in breaking of bread. Amen. [Music] [Music] And as and as they thought spake, Jesus himself stood in the midst of them and said unto them, "Peace be unto you." And I want you to repeat that he himself appeared before them. [Music] He he himself stood in the midst of them. Because he wasn't a spirit. Amen. Amen. But they were but they were terrified and and afraid and supposed they suppose that they had seen a spirit. and supposed they had seen a spirit. Let us pray. Lord, heavenly father, yourself before you, Lord. We want you to remove us from the way that you may speak to your people from reading your word, Lord that you yourself that you appear to the disciples and and you didn't limit yourself only to the Bible. But the Bible also say appear to many more than 500 each individual one of us to appear to us Lord Jesus Christ. Oh Lord God, we need you yourself this evening because there's there's carps that are fed. There are works that have failed. There's someone that had failed in life and that needs you to give them life. Whatever condition that person may be, whatever situation that person may be, whatever situation that person may be, you're the same God this evening to change the situation, to change the system, to give life where death had entered, where there was um where there was sadness to give. Bless your people, Lord. They did not come over here to live, but they they came over here to the Lord Jesus Christ, the resurrected. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. May your name be praised. May your name be blessed. We want you to take control from the pulpit. May every spirit, may they be submit in the life of a person. May every spirit be submitted and all the glory return to you. May you manifest yourself, Lord. In the power of resurrection, for we ask in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I'm going to continue the the reading in verse 38. And he said unto them, "Why are ye troubled? And why do thoughts arise in your [Music] hearts?" Behold my hands and my feet that it is that it is I myself. Handle me and see. For his spirit have not flesh and bones as ye see me have. And when and when he had s spoken, he showed them his hands and his feet. [Music] And while they yet believed not for joy and wondered, he said unto them, "Have ye here any meat?" [Music] And they gave him a piece of bro fish and of a honeycomb. And he took it and did it before them. [Music] And he said unto them, "These are the words which I spake unto you while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled, which were written in the law of Moses and in the prophets and in the Psalms concerning me." Amen. Then open he their understanding that they might understand the scriptures. I'll read something extremely quick in the book of Matthew chapter verse 27. Matthew chapter 27 verse 21 to 51 verse 51 to 52. [Music] And behold, the veil of the temple was ran entwined from the top to the bottom. And the earthquake and the rocks ran. [Music] And and and the graves were open and many bodies of the saints were slept arose which were slept arose. [Music] and came out of the graves after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared to unto many. And we just came from reading from verse two that the graves were open and many bodies of the saint which slept arose. It only takes a little it takes only a little bit of people among us or the people that are listening to us that you may have a certain problem in their life. or a certain situation in their life that was buried somewhere else. It doesn't matter what document was buried. We're in the season where the resurre the resurrected is here. He himself is the season. He changes the system. when he sees something, he's capable of even changing the system. Amen. Amen. So it doesn't matter what they buried already for you. Maybe cancer had buried your health. Maybe the the worm orale or female trouble had buried. Maybe the people of this world had buried your situations or your condition. This evening the person the resurrected the he who's called the resurrected he's capable of giving you life. Doesn't matter when those time took where we just came from reading. They said that many they say that many um body of the saints that were sleep Now think how many years that Abraham had passed away, Jacob, and Joseph, the prophets they've seen. When they saw it was their time to die, they remembered the promises. They said, "Promise me that you will not leave my bones here. because I have to partake in the resurrection because there's someone that's called the resurrection. So I cannot miss the resurrection and you this evening that's listen to me. I don't know which part of your body is dead. I don't know which domain in your life is dead. I don't know which condition that you find yourself in. I want to tell you this evening, he's the same God this evening that can give life. He can give you life. He can give you [Applause] hope because in him there's quickening power. He is capable to do all things. May God be praised. May God be worshiped. Amen. He is capable. He's able. He's able to change the situation. Hallelujah. We'll read something in the book of Romans. Glory to God. in Roman chapter 8 verse 11. If you're there, you can amen show a sign and say amen. Amen. May God be praised. It's written days. Amen. Romans 8 verse 11. But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up G he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwells in you. Amen. In Genesis 2:7, it says this. It says that, "And the Lord God formed men of the dust of the ground." And breathe into and breathe into his nostril. the breath of life and man became a living soul. That's right. Amen. Amen. And Roman told us that if the spirit of the person who resurrected Jesus from the dead, if that spirit dwell in you this evening, it doesn't matter which part of your body that has issues. You have to know first he's the creator. Amen. Amen. He is the creator. You reme you remember here based on science or chemistry or mechanics people that build vehicles. When a car is um broken, they know even the engine, they're capable of taking the piece and replacing it. That's right. How about your creator who resurrected for your body? It doesn't matter the situation. It doesn't matter the condition. That's right. Amen. I said in the beginning that we're like Ezekiel. Amen. Amen. We are we are the Ezekiel of this time. Amen. Amen. That we must prophesy. May God be worshiped. I want to read a bit of the prophet. Amen. [Music] No. Mhm. 27 in 65. It is the rising of the sun. [Music] Amen. Amen. In 65, it is the rising of the sun. Paragraph 27. Now it is the greatest week in history, the greatest celebration of all times. This Easter is where he proved what he had said. That's right. Amen. Amen. [Music] men can say things, but yet it isn't exactly can be believed upon thoroughly throughout thoroughly until it until it is it until it's been proven to be the truth. Amen. and as and as God who said prove all things, hold fast to that which is good. He would not tell you to do something that he would not do himself. So he proved who this was that died for our sin. Amen. I want to put I want to take what the prophet said that God cannot give you to do something that he himself cannot do. You can remember the story of Abraham. God had told him, "Come out of your nation. Leave your family." Amen. Amen. And go to a nation that I will show you. And God had promised him had promised him a son. And not just a son, he promised him sons. Amen. And when God had made the promise, Abraham came to the ages of 90. And now God was obligated to fulfill his promise. And you will notice Abraham had Isaac. And when he had Isaac, Isaac's starting to grow. And as he's growing, God is asking for his only son that he promised him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Abraham and Abraham was in Abraham was in shock. He's saying, "How is God who promised me a son, who promised me many, is asking for the son?" And that same son, he's asking for it again. Amen. Amen. Amen. and God gives him his only son and reclaims that only son, the promised son. He said, "Go to the mountain and I will show you and you will give it to me as a sacrifice." In reality, Isaac became in plural. Abraham only saw Isaac. But God through Isaac saw many in Abra in compared to Abraham. Amen. Amen. Abraham Abraham could say, "You promised me many children, but you're giving me only one, and now you're asking for it again to give it to you as a sacrifice." What Abraham did not understand that the miracles of multiplication is is not resembling what appears to man. Amen. Amen. There's two aspect either. Either they take five bread, two fish and they multiply it. and that they feed a crowd. Amen. Amen. That is one way of God. And the second aspect, when we want to multiply something in the kingdom of God, we would kill something. Amen. Amen. It's it's in that mark that stuff are multiplied. Amen. John 12 verse 24 says this. Yes sir. Amen. John 12 verse 24 it says this verily verily I said unto you except a corn of wheat fall unto the ground and die it abideth alone but if it die and bringeth forth much fruit that's right amen it's the same thing among us there's dimensions of fruits that were produced Only when we're capable of accepting death to accept the sacrifice, there's a dimension of finance that you will not live without first killing day. There's a dimension of prosperity that you will not experience. when when you don't accept to kill what you have right now, there will be certain business that you will never start with without first taking the business that you currently have and putting it in the altar, the altar of God. of killing of a cornw wheat. The cornw wheat which falling onto the ground. You know you're u what you call deprived of eating this wheat and when you put it in the ground a tree will rise up and it will bring many fruit. But before it bears fruit, he has to first die. It's the same thing that today we don't have virtue. Why? Because we don't want to die in ourselves. We don't want to kill our own arrogance. We don't want to kill our own arrogance. Submit our own arrogance. We want to see ourel that we're above others. We want to see that we're capable by ourselves. That we can win. We can succeed without God. That we can move on by our own intelligence. That's our conceptions. We can win. That's what we'll see a little bit soon. But was also in Peter. Peter who was he was a doctor in fishing. You notice that Peter, he did not live far away from the river. That's where he had all his industries to explain to you that he was very well experienced in fishing in the situation of fishing. He knew the time and the season and he even went overnight. Just fishing, just fishing and he didn't catch anything. But when the day came, the story I believe it's in Luke chapter 5 verse 1 to5 verse 1-6 I believe I believe you know this story just to you know save time you want to read or to go on of what happened over there. They're telling us the story of he was a person who was very experienced fishing because because he he lived near the rivers. Amen. Amen. And that's where he did his work every day. That was even his his job. And that day he had fished all night and he didn't catch anything even his own sacrifice despite his um despite his diploma in fishing. [Music] You'll notice that Peter had the the string and the bow, the stick, the net. Have you ever noticed someone that's extremely intelligent? He has the diploma, but he has no work. Someone has experience of the worker, but someone that doesn't have experience, he's working and he has a place and he's moving. Have you ever noticed? Someone is extremely beautiful, but she's lacking even marriage. They have all the capacity that's required, but they're not chosen. [Applause] That's how Peter was. He had the diploma. He had the net. He had the degrees and he had the net. He had the string and the boat, but he did not have fish. May God be worthy. He failed. Someone can speak French very well. Someone can speak English very well. They can have a they can master a language but they're failing but they're failing with everything that they have. That's right. Amen. Failing is what? What do I mean by failing? It's not succeeding in the works. And the works can be multiple different type of works. Maybe you didn't succeed in marriage. Maybe you failed. Maybe you didn't succeed in school. You failed. Maybe you didn't succeed at work. You [Music] failed. Failing in your life, in marriage and all that. Even in the ministry, there are people that have failed in the ministry. There are people that started out right people that were even baptized by the prophet but towards the end but they left what gave the power. You will see a preacher behind the pulpit. You will see a interpreter behind the pulpit every day reading the scriptures and to interpret the word of God. But he's rejecting the thing that gives power. He can find himself in disorder. He can find himself in sin, in abominations. Why is that? is because they're rejecting, denying what gives power. Amen. Amen. Peter had the string, the net, and the bow and all that we spoke. But also he had the net came and did the um choosing. The Bible speaks to us that there was two two boat Our God is a God of choice. That's right. Amen. Amen. He chose the book of Peter. It's a God of choice. Amen. Amen. He chose Jacob and he hated Esau. It's a God of choice. Amen. Amen. And there's time, there's end time, he chose us. He chose you like his bride. [Music] He chose us so we can manifest him. Amen. And God did the choosing of the boat of Peter. He's a God of choosing. where people are crying, God will always make a choice. Even if you find yourself in a place where you're tight and everybody's crying, even if everyone else is sick with an illness and you yourself are inside that illness that will bring you to death, you have to know that God will make a choice to save you. Amen. Amen. even where they're rejecting people and you're bringing documents and they're rejecting. No, you had to know that God will make a choice and you're the choice of God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Just as he chose the boat of Peter, he will also choose you. That's right. The same Peter that had failed. [Music] God say take the net and move forward. Move forward into the deep. The problem with us is what? It's I am the problem. It's you who have the problem. But you will see you have a problem and you will take it superficial. You see, you have an issue. You don't want to go to the deep. You have to go to the deep with God. You have to take your problem and go to the deep. Amen. Amen. When you will go to the deep with God, the situation will change. Even if it was a problem of season or no season, the problem would change. Amen. Amen. The situation will change. May God be praised. The problem is we don't want to go to the deep, brother. When it's concerning your case, when it's concerning your situation, why don't you want to go to the deep with God? We'll see how he changed the system with Peter. Peter has fished all night. Why did Peter fish all night? Because at during the night, the water is cold. [Music] And he could easily catch fish based on his studies. But now there was a rising of the sun. He who is called light, the son of justice. Amen. Amen. He was there during the day and he told Peter I will not permit you to deviate or go elsewhere. Just the same net that you have, just in the waters that you were in, that's where you will throw your net. But the problem is this. I'm changing the system. Where Peter was uh fishing, it was where God told him to go. And God changed the system. And the system that God changed, he said go to the deep. All it takes that you have a condition that the condition that you find yourself in, everyone is in that same condition. But your God the resurrected this evening. He's the person that changes the system. It doesn't matter what condition that you have. He will change the situation. He changes the system so you can be reconed. So you can come out of that situation. There was a s there was two two sinner at the cross. He saved one who didn't even fasting who didn't even pray. Meaning he changes the system and this evening he's capable. If God had appeared to you where he appeared to the disciples, it was because he was working with the disciples. But let's let me tell you, he also appeared to the woman and the Bible declares that he appeared also to many more resurrection. Meaning after the resurrection, Jesus appeared to many. And that same God is here this evening. He's here appearing to you. We read he said the spirit doesn't have flesh. Amen. It's me. It's what we just came from reading in Luke. Amen. Amen. Because the disciples or many people could say that he appeared that it was in a vision or maybe was at a dream. Now Jesus did not want people to say vision or dream. So he appeared in reality. He is capable this evening. If there's souls in your life, God is capable to appear to them, to appear to your enemies. He's capable to appear to your enemies to stop them to do from doing any type of um ill evilness towards you. You will remember the story of of Aimilec. He took the wife of the prophet. Curse be to he that takes the wife of the servant of God. Then curse be to you to whoever you are. The God who is lifted the most high. He said to whom who touches you? Touches even the the the apple of my eye. Look at something. Aimilec took Sarah Abraham, the wife of Abraham, and God appeared to Aimilec, who was a heathen king. My brothers, my sisters, Aimilec did not fast. He did not he did not um watch for God to appear to him. But how you who have the Holy Ghost, God cannot appear to you starting from this evening, you who have the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost is the sp is the power of the resurrection. Let the God who appears, the Holy Ghost, there's nothing that can stop you once you have the Holy Ghost. even our our our steps to come to church. All the teachings that the pastor is teaching here, we're bringing the word of God from A to Z. The go so you can have the Holy Ghost, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, so you can identify yourself with Jesus. Amen. I read something here. I read the prophet also the prophet has said God cannot ask you something that even he himself cannot do. He did to Abraham. They he asked for the only son that he had to give it unto him as a sacrifice. And he was Isaac. And from Isaac, Abraham had many more, even us all by faith. That's right. Amen. But you will notice, God also had his only begotten son from his from his bosom. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he was asking himself, "How can I also come to multiply to have many children like Abraham?" God was in the impossibility, but he found himself in a possibility. And the possibility was he had to do it like he did with Abraham. Abraham who was ready to sacrifice his son. God also had to be capable and ready to sacrifice his son. And how can he do it? He sent his son far from him. He sent him on the earth. It was the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. And in the Lord Jesus Christ, he had the body. He had the spirit. He had the soul. Amen. Amen. But they were children of God who was in sin who had fallen. But there was nobody that could save them from the fall. So God came with a solution when he had sent his son to the earth so he can die for those people. But who died at the cross? It was the son of Mary. It was not the son of God. Okay. Okay. It was the son of Mary. Who was the son of Mary? It was the flesh. It was the flesh. But the son of God, Solomon called him wisdom. Because he was extremely wise. He looked in his jeans. He said, "Father, I'm giving my spirit unto your hand." Because the spirit cannot die. He knew where he's going to go because the soul had to go in those days in the hell. And the life is in the blood. The soul that sin is the soul that dies. And when we're going to come to kill Jesus. Amen. The spirit is not there. He gave the spirit to the father. Because the spirit has a mission. Because the spirit is the one that's going to come down without a a without a help of a man to bring him out. Amen. And then he was at the cross and then he died and they took his body. His body was in the grave. But his soul went down to paradise. He went and it was in hell that he could even preach to the souls in prison that he could even take the keys. Amen. Amen. That he could even free those that the devil had imprisonated over there. And the spirit was close to the father. And the spirit had said, "Father, my place is not here. I had to go down expediently." The first day came, the second day passed. The third day, he said, "I had to go down." It's like, it's like Reuben who told to Jacob, who told Jacob, if you do not send Benjamin to Egypt, you have to know that we will not return, we will stay over there. It's the same thing. The Holy Ghost, I had to come down so I could take the body, so I could take everything that's over there. Amen. Amen. Like I was telling you, God cannot ask you to do something that he himself is incapable of doing. He asked Abraham a son and he gave his son. And when his son had um went to hell, the Holy Spirit also went down and brought back Jesus. You will notice the fall of Jesus. It was not the angels that moved the stone. No, no. It was for Jesus to come out of the grave. He did not need for someone to remove the stone. You will notice When the disciples were closed, he were entering without opening the stone after the resurrection, he could have entered anywhere. Amen. Amen. He did not need the hol the holy go the holy spirit did not um move the stone did not roll the stone. And there's not an angel that could come to save the Lord Jesus Christ. Why? Because he's God. The Holy Ghost himself talk upon him to death. The Holy Ghost did not roll the stone. If the angel had rolled the stone, it was to show to the woman that the person that you're looking for is not in the grave. Amen. Amen. He's not in the grave. If the angel roll the stone, it's for you and for me. It's so we can see that this the the grave is extremely empty. Amen. It's because of you and because of me that the angel had to re roll the stone. But Jesus had already came out. Amen. That's why the grave was empty. This grave that was empty, my brother, my sister, I don't know your issue that they might that they put in the grave. Your health is in the grave. Your situation is in the grave. Your intelligence is in the grave. It is not working. Your body is not working. Your work is not working. Your job is not working. Wherever you put your stuff, there's bad people. Wherever you're putting your stuff, they're putting it in the grave. The Bible says if the spirit that quickened, it was not the angel that rose the stone. It was the spirit. The Bible says that the first Adam, it was a living soul. But the last Adam who is Jesus Christ is not a living soul. No, no, no. It's a spirit that that quickens. A spirit that quickens. If this spirit that quickens is in you, it will quicken your mortal body. It will quicken everything that's within you. And this evening like we are in the season that our Lord savior was dead. Give me a sec. Let's read the prophet. We're here this evening in the season where our Lord Jesus is resurrected where the grave is empty. He's capable right now to give life in your ministry. He's capable to give life to everything that was dead in your life. He's capable to give life to resurrect the relationship that were dead in your life. The situation that were perished, your work that are not working, that failing, he is capable. Even your reputation that's probably destroyed. He is capable to restart that this evening. He is capable. It doesn't matter your condition. We also say that we are the Ezekiel of this time, this end time. Amen. Amen. May God be worshiped. in 1 Corinthian 40 40 [Music] in 1 Corinthians chapter 15 verse 45 44 4 1 Corinthians chapter 15 verse 44. I want to read something. [Music] Paul say he was a quickening spirit but for Adam he was a living soul. 1 Corinthians chapter 15 verse 45. You see what is written here that our Lord. Okay. Amen. And so it is written, the first man, Adam, was a living soul. The last Adam was made a quickening spirit. Amen. Amen. That's what we just came from reading here. That's why Jesus had said in your hands I am giving my spirit because the spirit could not die. He was God. He was the creator. And if that spirit that has that had resurrected Christ is in you this evening, it doesn't matter your condition. There's not enough power in hell that can stop you that can hold you in the prisons of this world in the stuff of this world. In the desires of this world in the desire that are eternal, there's nothing that can hold you because he is capable. In the same way that he resurrected Christ, he can also resurrect you. Amen. Christ is capable to give you your life. Amen. The child of Mary, he was a living, he was flesh, like I said, but the son of God, he was the the quickening spirit. Amen. Amen. It's what we just came from reading. resurrection. After the resurrection, we will not be the same. There will be a difference, my brother. Even like we're here in this in this place after the resurrection, we will not be the same. We will have a difference. Even amongst the storms, they're not the same. There there are stars that that shine that gives a lot of light. And there's they're the same thing here in person. If you want to read it, we we can read it. 1 Corinthians 15:4. There are also celestial bodies and bodies terrestrial. But the glory of the celestial one and the glory of the terrestrial one is another. there. There is one there is one glory of the sun and another glory of the moon and another glory of the stars. For for one star difference different different from another star in glory. That's right. That's right. [Music] Different in glory. Okay. So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in the corruption. It is raised in the incorruption. Why is there a difference in that? Yes, there must be a difference. Yes, all of us come to church. But is are each individual one of us taking the same thing with the same seriousness? That's why there's a difference. There's those that give themselves into the word of God and there's those that give themselves to the works of God and there's those that don't give themselves to the works of God. There's those that are dead that um [Music] that brought their flesh into subjuction that I cannot [Music] um I cannot dirty myself. I have errors. I cannot touch the blood. I cannot bring my body to sin against the blood. But there's those that can use their body to sin. So we will not have the same glory. We will not have the same the sacrifices that I'm doing, you're not doing it. That's the difference. Amen. Amen. That they say that even amongst the stars, there's a difference. But if the spirit that re that resurrected Christ from the dead dwells in you. Amen. [Music] It doesn't matter where he placed you. He will bring you out. we will jump a lot of things based on because of that I will take in it is the rising of the sun paragraph 55 of 1965 the prophet says this oh what a wonderful thing that is I am alive are quickened the the word means The word quicken, the Greek word means that's something that's made alive after death. That's [Applause] right. It means us Christians from this end time of the message of the hour, we killed our membranes, our body. [Music] The arrogance that was in us, the egotist that was in us, we considered it useless. The sins that were developing easily within us. We had crucified them, attached them to the cross to manifest Jesus Christ. It doesn't matter the difficult time. It doesn't matter the temptations. It doesn't matter the pressure. We're there by the grace of God. Not by our own strength. But by the spirit, that resurrected Christ. Amen. That's why we're letting our bodies die. We're killing our body, our flesh. Amen. Mortifying our flesh. Paragraph 56 will speak about the seed. Like the seed that goes into the earth, he has to die. Every bit of the sea, he has to rot. Every bit of the seed. And every bit of life that was in the seed has to has to come forth again. 57 he was quickened. Not not only that. Not only that, and I will send the same life that quickened me, the power that brought me from the grave. I will send it upon you to quicken you. And where I am, there you will be also. May God be praised. The time won't permit us. What can I take and what can I leave? I'll read something and it will and we will try to land in paragraph 71. [Music] What he promised to do in Christ, he proved it. He proved on the resurrection. What he promised to do in the days of Moses, he proved it. What he promised in the days of Enoch, he proved it. In all days of the apostle, he proved they [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. That's a That's a mechanic. Amen. Paragraph 113. until that church becomes both dynamic and mechanic. And the spirit of God that moved him to do the things that he did, if he hit on six cylinders, so will the bride. Amen. For he said in John 14:12, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. I'll give him a charge of my dynamic and his mechanics that the world will not that the world will not be able to withstand it. And I will raise him up again at the last day. That's the Easter message. The dynamic and the mechanic together. The dynamic without the mechanic no good. Neither is the dynamic without the mechanic. [Music] Command Viv [Music] [Music] Amen. Paragraph 155. If the spirit that raised him from the dead, the word, the dynamic of the word dwells in you, it also quickens your mortal body. Now, how we flesh of his flesh and bone of his bone because quickly while we're yet mortal sinners, mortal ready to die, these bodies, it quickens that body. What's quickened brings to life the spirit that once like to drink, run around, commit adultery. And this it's quickened. Why? The thing died and you are resurrected. It quickens your mortal body. Amen. Amen. Amen. We'll parachute a little. I have something. Amen. Amen. Amen. Therefore, your bodies [Music] to resurrection. Resurrection [Music] Therefore, paragraph 156. Therefore, your bodies is the temple of the dynamic because why? From the beginning, you are part of the mechanic. And brother Brandham hates hates the pulpit once. Oh, there is your resurrection. There is the church in the resurrection with him. These bodies right now are quickened. See, you've heard, you believed it, you believe it. Changed you from denomination to the word. See? Amen. Amen. We'll jump a lot. 245. Paragraph 245. Look, notice. But God foresaw the bride in the groom. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. See, to save his wife, like Adam, he had to go with her. Adam knowed what he was doing. If didn't know what she was doing, But Adam walked out with his wife. See, Eve had fallen and Adam supported him. Supported her. Eve didn't know what she was doing. It's the same thing that Jesus did. And Jesus took his wife's place which is us the church and became sin. Me and you who had committed sin and he became sin. Amen. Amen. He became sin. May God be praised. He became sin for her. Remember, he became you. He became you. He bestowed your punishment that you might stand in his place. He stood in your place. So Jesus takes your place, my brother, my sister. You also have to take his place. Amen. Amen. You had to take his place. He stood in your place that you might stand in his place. What a love. What a fellowship. How can we deny it? How can we do anything but love him? My friend, [Music] the prophet says, "I could stay on a hours But because of time we're pressing. And when a man has said that he believes the word and then the Holy Spirit comes, it is an abstract to the title that gives you permission. When you have that abstract that every bit of that belongs to you and everything and everything is on it belongs to you. Amen. Brennham, [Music] and that gives us the abstract. When the Holy Ghost comes upon this title deed that God saw back yonder, for the foundation of the world and put a name on the book of life. Put put a name on the book of life. But was born through a man and a woman and subject to sin and guilty to and guilty of sin. But when I believe on it, I received the deed. But when the Holy Ghost come, it was the abstract that everything against me, whether whether my mother done it, my father done it, my grandfather done it, But paragraph 250, but when the abstract has come, it struck off omitted everything. I'm an abstract holder then. Amen. And as sure as the spirit that raised Christ from the dead, I have a abstract that I'm part of that body with the abstract of the Holy Ghost making the body of the word live out just exactly like it did in him as he promised in the last day. The abstract all my sin are struck out. All your sins are struck out by the blood of Jesus Christ. The Holy Ghost is come as an abstract to the title deed that God gave me by grace, by fornowledge. Oh my. This evening, he's telling you in paragraph 251, what what you scared about? Are you scared about sickness? Are you scared about cancer? Are you scared about sterility? Are you scared because you're not married yet? Are you scared because you don't um you haven't found a fiance yet? Are you scared of failing? Are you scared because you don't have a job? What are you scared about this evening? No wonder he said, "Fear not." He said, "I am he that was dead and alive again, and I'm alive forever more." I had the keys of death and hell, don't worry about nothing. Even death ain't going to hurt you. the the abstract title, the the debt was settled, everything against it, everything against it has been struck off when people like Steven the prophet said like when when they were stoning him He wasn't worried about people stoning him. He just opened his mouth. He said, "Forgive them." He saw heaven open. Amen. Why? Because he had a title deed. of the owner, the abstract owner. He was not scared of death. When Philillip had this title, he could move in the dark in the spirit of a dog. You remember when he was with the um Enoch Ethiopian after the baptism when he disappeared because he had the title D. I'm trying to jump because I need to come down. There's extremely a lot. If I continue to read, we won't do. So, I'm coming down to Ezekiel [Music] 3 to 7. God has said to Ezekiel to prophesy upon tribal he says son of man can you prophesy upon this can you call the spirit of the four wings so these dry bones they were they were extremely numerous it was probably a whole nation for these bones wounds to have to have flesh to have nerves to have life and so they may live and this evening this Ezekiel I'm standing here like Ezekiel I don't know the um bones that I don't know the dead bones you Ezekiel had prophesied I don't know in which Are you We're in the season of the resurrection of our Lord Jesus. If the spirit that was in Christ that he resurrected the dead is in you and it it is in us right now. It doesn't matter your condition. It doesn't matter your your bones that are separated. It doesn't matter where they buried you. Where they had put you in the car in the in the cave. It doesn't matter the prison that they bound you. They the strings that they they tied you. Maybe your hell that they condemned you the situation that they condemned you that you cannot become this that you cannot have this you cannot do this this evening. The spirit that quicken Jesus Christ. The spirit of Jesus Christ. May that spirit leave. May the spirit the living God, may that manifest itself in your life, in your situation. May that bring life in the life of your children. The situation that's tormenting you. The condition that's tormenting you. Maybe it this is the worries of the children. made it. The spirit that had resurrected Jesus, the spirit of the living God, the spirit that that quickened, the spirit of the living God that's in our midst, may it manifest itself. May it take his bones in front of people that have issues, in front of people that have situations. May that bring healing. May you remove your incred your unbelief. Your unbelief will not stop God from doing it. In the name of Jesus, I'm declaring you healed, your situation. It doesn't matter what the devil had cut down. God is capable to restore you this evening in the name of Jesus Christ. Receive your healing in the name of Jesus Christ. The church may rise when the pastor is coming forth. When the pastor is coming forth, doesn't matter your situation, God is capable. God is capable to give you the desire of your heart. If your spirit, if the spirit that resurrected Jesus Christ is in his church this evening, is in his bride, The bride of the Lord Jesus Christ is the church. May that be given based on his word when the Lord with the man of God will continue to pray. It doesn't matter your condition. He's the same this evening. Praise God. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly tonight, Lord. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love, for your mercy, and for everything you have been doing for us. Father, you know the valleys that your children are in. You know the situation in their life that they tried like Peter, leaning upon their own understanding, leaning upon our own abilities. Father where we fail maybe in the marriages maybe at work maybe in the businesses maybe in the way to manage our finances at home whichever aspect of our life that things have failed whichever grave whichever situation that is dead that is not working that keep failing failing over and over doctor have declared this and that Father, you are bringing a fresh hope tonight because of the resurrection. Because we are in the season of the resurrection. Father, I pray Lord, Father, that see this season not to pass without your children receiving the benefit of what you did on Calvary. What you did on Calvary today, it might be a story, but that story is still living. It is a true story and it mark a great difference and it make a difference between Christianity and every other religion because the owner the one who started went to grave and came up victorious and Lord Father you have the keys of death and hell Lord. Father, I pray Lord that the spirit of the Lord quicken every aspect of our life. Everybody that is been sick, afflicted, Lord, even my own mother who is Lord Father streaming tonight, Lord, Father, I commit her body unto thy hand. Father Lord Jesus Christ we are prophesying because according to the commission of the bread according to Revelation 10 8-11 you told us to eat the book and after having eaten the book Lord Father you gave us the authority to prophesy that's why in the name of Jesus Christ we are prophesying healing we are prophesying deliverance we are prophesying complete deliverance but not deliverance Lord from everything that the devil have bind your children. Everything that was dead, Father, release your children, Lord. Father, touch us and quicken by the same spirit, Lord. Father, that quicken our body, Lord. Father, we commit your servant unto the hand and the man servant that translated, Lord. Father, even the audience that listen and those that will listen later, Lord, Father, that you touch them, Lord, Father, and strengthen their body, give us mercy, Lord, Father, as we go into our respective place. We thank you, Lord, Father, for everything in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a big clap [Applause] [Music] offering. Amen. It looks like the Holy Spirit gave you the Easter message before Sunday. Amen. God created himself a body, the body of the Lord Jesus Christ. That was the body of God himself that was created by an immaculate blood. Amen. Amen. And God identify himself to that body so that him and the body became one. Amen. So that when you kill that body, it will be considered as you kill God even though God cannot die. So God sanctioned the body of Jesus Christ so that he can take death in that body. And when God receive death through the body of Jesus Christ, it has been now imputed unto God that he die for our sin. Amen. Amen. The Bible says the mighty angel there was the angel of the Lord came down and opened the sepiler. Jesus could cross that tomb without even disturbing the stone. But he did it to give you a testimony. He rolled up the stone so that you can have a testimony that the tomb is open. The tomb is empty. Not only empty but open. Amen. The same God can open every situation tonight. Amen. You take what you heard tonight, stand on it, and move on and stay in prayer until we meet again on Sunday. God bless you. Bless you. You my God, I lift it up. [Music] Come and quench test it on my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Feel my cup. Feed it up in bread of heaven. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Give my cup feeling. Make me up. Oh bread of heaven. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Is my cup feel it and make me Oh, break your heaven. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Eat my cup. Fill it. Oh bread of heaven, bread of heaven, feed me till I walk. [Applause] more is my cup with me, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. Fill my cup, Lord. Now lift it up, Lord. Come and quench is thirsty on my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I walk. No more is my cup. Fill it up. Make me. Bread of heaven. Bread of heaven, feed me till [Music] I my fe and oh bread of heaven, bread of heaven, feed me till I walk. Oh boy is my God and one more time. Bread of heaven. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I walk. The more is my cup. Fill it up. Take me home. [Music] Oh, here [Music] heal. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him call me out your name. [Music] He can touch him. You will never be the Is heallelu [Music] Amen. [Music] Peace. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. [Music] He is [Music] closing calling out your name. You can touch him. You will hear Never be the same. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
