################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - The Omniscient God - Bro. Dieu-Aime Omambo - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   The Omniscient God - Bro. Dieu-Aime Omambo
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=InNre6rC-7c
========================================

Father placed them here because some man likes mountains, some people likes waters, some likes deserts. So you see your coming, he knew your nature and what you would be so he made it just the way that you could enjoy it. Oh, I think that's a wonderful father. See though that he made it like this. I'm glad he made mountains. I'm I like the mountains. I And I I like that where the others are. I can't stand all the must have emptied his mortar box out there. Well, he emptied out so I could enjoy it. You see, so then I like the planes where I can see a long ways. Well, the two different natures, both of us Christians, but the father knew that you would be here and prepared everything for you before you got here. Amen. Your first coming here, he had it ready for you when you got here. Isn't that marvelous to think of what he done? Now, now but remember these are only temporal gifts in type. Now we know that Moses in building the tabernacle in the wilderness or preparing it, he said he made all things after the order of what he saw in heaven. See, so the earthly things only express what the eternal things are. Amen. And if this earth that we live in today being so great as we love it and love to live and breathe the air and see the flowers and things, if if that if this share is the expression, one that's dying is only expressing one that's eternal. When you see a tree struggling, pulling, trying to live, that means there's a tree somewhere that doesn't have to do that. When you see a man here struggling to live, somebody in a hospital or on a sick bed or in an accident struggling and the death rattles in their throat and pulling and crying and screaming for life. What does that mean? There's a place somewhere. There's a body that doesn't struggle and scream for that. See, it just doesn't do it. Now, there are temporal gifts to us these things only expressing that there is one where it's eternal one. That's what Jesus has gone away to prepare the eternal one for us. Now they only express there's a greater uh of the same kind because these are a same kind. I remember the Bible said if this earthly tabernacle of our dwelling if it perish be dissolved. We have one already waiting just as the little baby its little muscles in the mother are twisting and turning and but just see and you notice you can take a woman if she is ever so foul but when she's become a mother a little while before that baby's born there's a kindness about the woman get around her there's always something she's more tender why there's a little angel spirit waiting to receive that natural body just as soon is born, the breath of life comes into it and God breathes it in there and it becomes a living soul. Now just as this baby is being formed then the spiritual body is there to receive it and now when this body is dropped here in this earth like the baby's dropped also there is a immortal body waiting to receive the spirit back into itself again. Oh, what a great thing we are. We are now in Christ Jesus. Amen. Babies, babies in Christ, children of God, waiting for the full deliverance at the coming of our Lord Jesus, the to receive us up unto himself when the body, this mortal will take on immortality, the likeness, all the things that he did expresses the things that are to come. Just as the body [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. And amen. Can be upstanding tonight. Amen. Even as we commit the service into the hands of the Lord. Amen. And ask that the Lord himself take preeminence tonight. Amen. and commit all those on their way coming that the Lord lead them safely on the road. Lord, despite all the heavy traffic, may the Lord guide them safely. Let us pray. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are just grateful, Lord Jesus. God, we humbly come before you tonight, Lord. Coming before you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, with our thanksgiving, come before you with our worship, Lord. And we asking, Father, Lord, may you take absolute control tonight, Lord. Father God, we just thank you Lord for being with us. God is midweek. Lord, you've been with us. You've kept us, Lord Jesus. You protected us, Lord. You provided all our needs, Lord. Father God, you you've been there, Lord Jesus. Oh God, when we needed you, Lord Jesus, we just want to express our joys, Lord. Father God, Bible say that I was glad when he said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Lord, we know, oh God, we've come here, Lord Jesus, expectant, oh God, and we know we'll be filled, Lord Jesus. Oh God, with all our heart desires, Lord Jesus. Oh God, you've already provided for us, Lord. And we just express our joys. We just express our thanksgiving, Lord. We asking, Lord, if there be anything, Lord, in our lives, Lord Jesus, there's a stumbling block, Lord, tonight. We ask, Father, for your forgiveness, Lord Jesus, and ask for your mercies, Lord. And Lord, even as we stand before you, Lord, to hear from you, Lord, we ask Lord, may you set the atmosphere, Lord. And Lord, committing your minister tonight into your hands, Lord, and asking, Father, may you take him aside, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and speak through him, oh God, freely, Lord Jesus, as you will tonight, Lord, those on their way coming, Lord, are in your hands, Lord, we ask for a protection. Be with them, oh God, on the road, Lord. Lead them safely, Lord. And together in one accord in one spirit, oh God, we lift your name on high once again, Lord. We thank you. We bless you, Lord. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. Amen. We just want to bring our worship tonight to the Lord. Amen. With this song, be glorified. Amen. [Music] in my life. Lord, be glorified. Be [Music] glorified in my life. [Music] Lord be glorified today in my life. Lord my [Music] life be glorified. Be glorified. [Music] life. Lord be glorified to live my life glory. [Music] My [Music] life [Music] glorified be glorified. [Music] Lord be glorified to thee in your church. Lord, oh [Music] Lord, be glorified. be glorified in your church. Lord, be glorified to thee. Oh, in my home Lord be my home Lord be glorified be glorified my oh Lord glorify too. Oh, in my words tonight my words Lord glorify be glorifying my words Lord glorify to the Oh, in my song, Lord. In my song, Lord. Glorified. be glorified by song Lord glorifying. One more time. In my life, Lord, in my life, Lord, be glorified. Be glorified. My life Lord be glorified today. And God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. He is so good to you. Oh, God is so good. God, he's so good. God is so good. God is so Oh, God is so good. God [Music] is so good to you. Oh, he answers pray. He answers prayer. Oh, he answers [Music] prayers. Oh, he [Applause] as he [Music] so he answeres pray. He answers. Oh, he answers praise. He answers. Oh, he answers praise. He answers praise. He is so good. Oh, and I love him so I love him. Oh, I love him so I love him. Oh, I love him so I love him. Oh, he's so good. [Music] And I love him so I love him. Oh, I love him so I love him. Oh, I love him so I love him. Oh, he is so good. Oh, he's coming soon. He's coming. Oh, and he's coming soon. [Music] Oh, come is [Music] only coming so good to me. All my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so [Music] so every breath I am made. Oh I will sing for all my life. All my life you have been faithful. All my life you have been so so with every bre I am made. I will sing the goodness. One more time. Oh my Lord, all my life you have been [Music] faithful. Oh, and all my life you have been so so good. Every prayer I am able. I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. One more time. And I will I will sing of the goodness of God. I will sing of the goodness of God. We always sing of his goodness. Amen. Amen. We just want to take some praise songs tonight. Amen. Amen. I believe remember this song. It's not by might, not by power, but by his spirit. Amen. Amen. It's not by might, it's not by my spirit, says the Lord. Oh, it's not by my Oh, not by power. Oh, by my spirit save. Oh, this mountain, this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. Oh, by my spirit s. Oh, not by my not by might. It's not my power. By my spirit, Lord. Oh, it's not by Oh, not my power. Not my This mountain has been removed. This mountain has been removed. Oh, this mountain has been removed. Oh, this mountain has been removed. Oh, by my spirit. Oh, this mountain, this mountain has been removed. Oh, this mountain has been removed. This mountain has been removed. by my spirit. One more time. This mountain, this is mountain has been removed. Oh, this mountain has been removed. Oh, this mountain has been removed by my spirit. One more time. Oh, this mountain, this mountain has been removed. This mountain has been removed. This mountain has been removed. But my spirit said the Lord in a manger long ago. I know it really so they was born to save men from their sin. John saw him on the shore the land forever more. Oh Christ has crucified of Calvary. Oh I love Oh I love that man from Galilee. Oh for he's done so very much for me. Oh, he's forgiving all my sins. There's the Holy Ghost with me. Oh, I love that man from Galilee. The family went to pray in the temple and one day he cried, "Oh Lord, be merciful to me." He also forgiven every sin and deep within his sweet. Oh, I love Oh, I love that man from Galilee. Oh, he stand so very much for me. He's forgiving all my sins. Place the Holy Ghost within. Oh, I love for Galilee. The lip was made to walk. The tongue was made to talk. That power was spoken in love upon the sea. The blind was made to see. I know the mercy of the man from God. Oh, I love Oh, I love them. From Galilee, from Galilee. Oh, he's done so very much for me. He's forgiving all my sins. Bless the Holy Ghost with Oh, I love Oh, I love Galilee. From Galilee. Oh, he's done so very much for me. He's forgiving my sin. Bless the Holy Ghost with Oh, I love one more time. Oh, I love Oh, I love Gile of God. Oh, he's there so much for me. He is forgiving all my sins. Bless the Holy Ghost with him. Oh, I love the love of God. And I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh, glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. I came to glorify. Oh magnify. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord. Came to magnify. Oh magnify. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord. Came to magnify. Oh, glorify. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify his name. I came to glorify the name of the Lord. Came to glorify. Oh magnify. I came to magify his name. I came to magnify his name. I came to magnify the name of the Lord. Came to magnify his name. They were in the chamber. They were all in one of when the Holy Ghost descended. as was promised by our Lord. Oh Lord, send your power down. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power [Music] just from heaven. with the sound of [Music] Russ. Oh Lord, oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh, your power just power to our father. This is promise to be us and we love it. Oh Lord. Send your power just now. Oh, you send your power just send the power just [Music] now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power. sing your power just now. One more time. Oh Lord just [Music] now everyone. I am the life of God. I am the life of God in me. I am his life and his ability. I am the life of God in me. I am the life. I am the life of God in me. I am the life of God in me. I am his life that I have the life of God in me. I am the joy. I am the joy of I am the joy of God in me. I am his joy is the joy of the blessing. I am the joy of God. I am the faith. I am the faith of God. I am the faith of God in me. I am the joy and I have the faith of God in me. I am the love. I am the love of God in me. I am the love of God in me. I am sovereign. I am the love of God in me. I am the strength. I am the strength of God in me. I am the strength of God in me. I have his strength, his nature, his ability. I have the strength, oh God. I have the peace. Oh, I have the peace of God in me. I have the peace of God in me. I have his peace in the church. I am the peace of God. One more time. I have the peace. I am the peace of God in me. I am the peace of God in me. I am his peace and his ability. I am the peace of God in me. [Applause] [Music] Amen and amen. Amen. We are born children of God, sons and daughters of God, even before our natural birth. He knew us before the foundation of the world. Amen. Amen. Can we be seated tonight? Amen. Amen. We just thank the Lord for our lives tonight. Amen. For keeping us, for his blessings upon us. We just want to express our thanksgiving to him tonight. Amen. So I have a praise report. Amen. This this is a sweet praise report. Amen. From brother Charles III and sister Sarah. Amen. He said we would like to congratulate Elijah. He graduated fifth grade today. So congratulations, brother Elijah. Amen. Amen. Amen. And he said, "We thank the Lord for a younger brother who holds to his word and knows how to meet God on his knees." Amen. Amen. So we thank the Lord for the life of brother Elijah. Amen. Amen. So this says, "Pray for traveling mercies as our parents return this weekend." Um, it's from is it Jambo Kit. Amen. Oh, Mambo Kit. Okay. All right. I didn't see it well. So, so I want to remember brother Paul and the wife um in prayer for traveling mercies. They are returning this weekend. Amen. Amen. Want to thank the Lord for lights once again. Uh I believe we have unspoken request tonight. Amen. So we invite brother Khala. Amen. If you don't mind, Amen. to thank the Lord for our brother Elijah and also commit brother Polycap and the wife into the hands of the Lord even as they returning back this weekend. Amen. Let's all stand. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, we approach your throne of grace again this evening, Lord Jesus, to to thank you for your life that you have given us. We have the peace, the joy, the love, the everything that you are, Father, you've placed in us. Thank you for another service that you have allowed us to participate in, oh God. We do not want to be spectators, Father God, for you were not a spectator on the cross. Truly, you took upon yourself, oh Father God, the beating of us all our shame, our sin, oh God. And today, oh father god, we do not want to be, oh father god, just spectator, come to the house of God and sit, oh father, but we want to come, oh father god, participating in a song and a worship of the one that gave us life, Lord, take the service in your hand tonight, Lord Jesus, as we give it back to you. Father God, you've heard the request, oh God, of uh brother Paulie Karp and his wife. Oh, Father God, returning home, Father, may you be with them as they travel. Also, we thank you for little Elijah, oh God, for giving them the wisdom, oh Father. We all desire that wisdom, oh Father, God, to for we know the wisdom cometh from you, Father, and you said to ask and it shall be given. Take now our service, oh God, as we give it back to your hand. take the preaching of your word. May something be said tonight, oh God, that will touch our hearts, Lord, and bring us closer to you. Bless the offering, Father, as we give it back into your hands, Father. You see the work that need to be done in the church, Father, we see your hands in everything that is being done, Father. Oh God, may you continue to bless the basket. Lord, bless the giver, bless the offering, the tithe, and especially bless your word in our hearts. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. We have a special tonight. Amen. From brother Zach. Amen. So we want to invite brother Zach tonight. Amen. I'm amazed. Amen. [Music] Praise him. [Music] [Music] No one knew how alone I was feeling. And the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. So I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears. I cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calary God. and you purchased my [Music] redemption when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. I'm [Music] amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you came. Through your preious blood I found and my sins are washed away. All washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days that I have failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. Your love is stronger than my weakness. And your ear is opened every time I pray. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you through your preious blood pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Other friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever [Music] need. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood I [Music] comforted and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. [Music] Amen. Amen. We amazed that he loves us. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. We just bless the name of the Lord. Amen. I also have a kind of special tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um it says hallelujah. Hosana. Amen. Bible says that I fought a good fight. I've run the race and I've kept the faith. Amen. We have a race ahead of us. But we already had the victory that is assured in our lives. Amen. So, I want to take this song. There's a race that I must run. It's a medley. Amen. Amen. There's a race. There's a race that I want to run. There are victories to be won. Give me our area to be there as a race. There are victories to be won. [Applause] every hour. [Music] Oh, there are victory to be won. Give me power [Music] every Oh, [Music] there victory. Give me power every hour to renew. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You didn't let the devil win. You didn't let the devil win. You didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. Satan Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, he didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil win. He didn't let the devil Satan Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Satan lost the battle. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Without a music. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. We want to take this song and invite brother Steven tonight. Amen. [Music] [Music] Amen. Want to take I'm going to let the glory roll. Amen. Amen. I'm going to let the glory roll when roll is scored in glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king. I'm going to have a time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to get carried away. I get carried away. Yeah. I don't know why I become and I get around a whole lot of people and I can't figure out why I never shout about the love. My soul. I must confess. I can't express feelings deep inside me. One thing I know and cannot show. One day will overflow. I'm going to let the glory roll the road. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have my life over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Oh, pass the clouds and I shout so loud. They sound like thunder. My dear life looks like rain. When I leave this world, pass the gates above and stand before my savior. I lift my soul. Let the glory roll. And from the roll it calls my name. I'm going to let the glory roll with the rolling glory. Oh, I'm going to find myself. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. When the road is rolling glory, I'm going to get beside myself. When I get to Jesus, I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'll pass the clouds and I shout so loud. They sound like thunder. My cheerful life through the sky until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, pass the gates of pearl as dance before my savior. I let my soul let the glory roll. And when the rolling calls my name, I'm going to let the glory roll. The Lord has told me glory. I'm going to get the sound. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to have the glory roll. The road is holding on. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have a time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away where I get carried away. Amen. That day we going to get carried away. Amen. Forever. Never to come back to this life of sin anymore. Free in the eyes of the Savior. Forever. Amen. Amen. Not even with this body but with glorified body. Amen. Oh glory, glory, glory, glory, glory to God. Amen. Everybody happy. Ready for the word? Glory to God. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here? God richly bless you and welcome to spoken word convention on Wednesday. And I believe everybody now is clear with what a purpose and our prayer works. Amen. Even Jesus Christ himself could not change the purpose of God for his life. Amen. He say, "Father, if it's possible, uh, there is no possibility. You came for redemption. You were born to die for the seed of the world." Amen. Brother Brandham say he was a young man. He wanted to stay. He love his disciple but he have to surrender to the purpose of God. That's why he said nevertheless not my will but my will. And when he look at the joy that was set before he saw the purpose redemption and all the sense of the old testament. Job prophesies that I know my redeemer live and the redeemer is praying trying to stay in the world. [Laughter] God God is so good to us. He unfolded this so much so that you're not going to be too hard on yourself. There will be time when you so pressurize until you want to even change. You say, "Father, please." But if Christ overcame by surrendering to the will of the father, the same God that helped Jesus Christ overcome will help you also surrender to the will of the father. Amen. So you pray for us because I'm in between the what do you do in season or whether do we need to pick up Paul or not because I was coming tonight and I heard brother Brandham say something and it's shifting me toward a different direction. So you pray for me whether we need to pick up Paul or not. If not, so we go to what do you do in season and what do you do out of season? It seems like things has been changed going to that direction because it feels like the spirit is convinced you really got what it means by time, season, and purpose and your prayer. It looks like everything is now settled. Amen. No more pressure. God knows what he's doing. Amen. Amen. So young man remember this coming Saturday. Brother Robert, I believe, brother Glenn, I believe it's 2:30, right? So be there on time. I have been longsuffering for five years. So sometime I give a little bit the extra time and I wait for those that came. No more. Have I say something wrong? No more. If it's 2:30, we it's 2:30, we start at 2:30. If it's uh 2 o'clock, we start at 2 o'clock. Will you catch up whenever you come? You will find out moving on. Amen. Five years it's already grace. So let's now turn the corner and then move to a different direction. If it's 2:30, it's one person. We start with one person. Whoever comes, you do that at work. Brother Joshua, who goes to work late because of a paycheck. And this is more than a paycheck. Amen. We do it here in church. when church started we by the to the best of my understanding we are always on time. So let's keep that rolling on in the meeting whether it's couple meeting or whatever let's go straight on time and move forward. Amen. So your longsuffering uh is in the shelf for some time. Amen. So boys make sure we there young man at 2:30 and we move on. Amen. I'm not preaching tonight. It's a convention. A lot going on outside. So you pray for us. We we it seems like it's a little bit slower for our expectation because everybody goes there to see what's going on. It's just we have to go through the inspections once the inspector goes it's like stop. You got to stop and they have to check and if there is something to fix the fix and the second and the third once the third the three inspection goes through then we start again soaring and moving on. Amen. You pray for us the city we have how many weeks left brother Glenn? four weeks or three weeks left. Three weeks left. So you pray. We have three weeks. We came from 14 coming down. So pray so that everything is good. It will help us begin to move on the other side quicker by God's grace. Amen. And brother set love your faith with works. Amen. I'm hiding behind the trustee. Amen. Uh behind the trustee. So brother set love your faith with work. If not, he will preach you a sermon. faith without work is dead. So just move on quickly so he won't preach that sermon. Amen. Brother dear M is preaching tonight. Again amen. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. I told them I said brother Brandham say you only have three years for a minister to establish your ministry. You know that quote. You want me to send it to you or you don't know? If you don't you don't know that quote. Brother, I'm saying ministry. You have three years to establish a ministry. You stay after 3 years the remaining of your life you live with the reputation that you built on. So I have to say that so to put them under pressure so that they can work hard and reach the the the summit so that you can begin to soar. You know an eagle at the beginning you flap your wing but when you get to a certain level you begin to soar with the wind. So if you dedicate it stronger by the time you get there you begin to follow the wind of the Holy Spirit and now begin to move with sermon according to what the spirit is saying and you need to move. Amen. Glory to God. I put you in a hot potato seat but that's good for young men. Let's go with only believer. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] Holy we believe. [Music] All things are possible. [Music] All Lord, I believe. [Music] I believe all things are possible. Lord, [Music] I love Lord. I [Music] believe I believe. [Music] Amen. And amen. Do you believe it this evening that all things are possible? Amen. Thank you very much musicians. Thank you also technician. That was lovely. Everything sounds perfect. Sounds good. Amen. Uh thank you brother Stephen for this privilege and honor to come up here and preach and minister before the bride of Christ. It's it's always nerve-wracking but we're grateful. Before taking much time, if you can go to the reading to Exodus chapter 3, chapter 15:3, pardon. First, let's go to the Lord in prayer. Lord, heavenly father, I come to you this evening, Lord God. I come first off to thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for the breath of life. Thank you for this day that you gave that you given unto us, Lord God. Thank you for everything that you've done. You protected us in the high wisdom by wisdom and got us, Lord Jesus Christ, through another week, Lord Jesus Christ. We're halfway through the week, Lord God. And we come over here to replenish oursel with your word, Lord, heavenly father. We come to hear from you, Lord God, not from a man, Lord God. May you remove me out of the way and may you speak to your bride, Lord. Heavenly Father, may you fellowship with your people, Lord God, because that's that is what you desired, Lord Jesus Christ, since the foundation of the world. and I come Lord Jesus Christ healing myself unto you Lord Jesus Christ that you may use me and may you also use the congregation to listen Lord Jesus Christ and understanding Lord God may reveal Lord Jesus Christ everything that you showed unto me may you reveal it onto them Lord God and I pray Lord heavenly father whatever that will be spoken Lord Jesus Christ may they keep pondering upon them may bring may you strengthen their faith Lord Jesus Christ and bring their faith higher Lord heavenly father and so they might have a stronger Lord heavenly father foundation in you and in your word uh bend their or the service onto you may take control in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. If you can go to Exodus chapter 15, if you're there, can you say amen? Amen. The scripture says this, "The Lord is a man of war. The Lord is his name." Amen. If we could drop to verse 13, it says, "Thou in thy mercy has led forth the people which thou has redeemed. Thou has thou hast guided them in thy strength unto thy holy habitation. You may be seated. May the Lord God bless the reading of his word. Amen. And as for my subject this evening is the omnisient God. Amen. And as we see throughout our journey as we're going through as a soldier because I keep saying soldier soldier and I just wanted to clarify a soldier. You can type it with a pilgrim also. And the inspiration of it was when I'm looking at um when I'm looking at believers that stick with the word of God. When I'm looking at people that stick because brother Brandon say a real Christian genuine true Christian stays with the word of God and he doesn't deviate. And when I look at people like Paul who stayed with the word of God since they went through trials. Paul even in um some places Paul even died. He was killed, stoned, and he got right back up and went back to uh ministering. When I look at those type of people, it gave me strength. When I look at people that are sticking with the word of God like Jeremiah that God chose since his youth and God made sure that he aligned kind of typing it with Christ, not even getting married and everything, God chose him since his youth to work for God. When I look at those, it kind of gave me strength. And that's why I I was going through this journey. And as I'm going through this journey, there's a thing about God in this journey. He's always watching over us. He's always He like we when we read he purchased the map. He gave us the map and he's watching over us and guiding us through it. So the Lord God is like our HQ also because he's giving us information and telling us where we need to go, where we don't need to go. Which in another word, he's a watchman for us. And tonight I wanted to talk about why you should listen to that watchman. Why is it important important to listen to the watchman and why everything that watchman is telling you is is absolute and why is always relevant. That's what I'm want to talk about. And as we've been talking and going through this journey, brother Brena has been telling us to stand still and to listen to God. Be patient on the Lord, not to be impatient. Because some of us when we're going through trials, we want to hurry up and make the thing happen before it being God's time. Like we could take um certain people in the Bible, you could take King Soul. King So the prophet had told him to wait for him before the sacrifice. And King Soul didn't listen. And because he didn't listen. And the thing the beautiful thing about it is it was right instead of being patient, it was right when he started doing it, that's exactly when the prophet came. It's almost like when um a parent puts a little cook in a cookie jar that leaves it there for a child that goes hide in a corner and that that he just waits. The moment the kid takes it and puts in his mouth, the parent comes right out. And if they say, "See, I knew you weren't mature enough." You see? And there are certain other like um you could take the apostles because when uh Judas Escaria was removed out of the 12 they were in a hurry to replace him without it being God's will instead of waiting on the Lord they did not wait and because they did not wait they thought it was um Messias that was supposed to be a replacement and brother Brandham in another place also spoke about it he said that Messiah they chose the best kind of like um King Soul. They chose the best that they could find. They chose the best person that they believe fit that standard. And because they they thought he fit that standard, they chose him. And they said, "Oh, we appoint you." And brother Bren say, "If you look in the scripture, they they didn't even mention about him. He he was I don't want to say irrelevant, but he was he was irrelevant to the scripture." Amen. Except for the fact that you showed that you shouldn't lean onto your own understanding and try to appoint stuff without it being God's God's will. And the prophet even says um first the prophet says in the testimony of a true um of a true of a true witness in paragraph 250. God fill us with awe, with deity. Fill us with the power and energy until our souls are a flame. That our strength will be him. Our testimony will be God, our words will be his, devils will tremble, the world will shake and rock under the impact of it. Lord, if you can only find people who are willing to wait upon the Lord, you see, willing to wait upon the Lord. Because I just came for talking about people that were impatient because brother Brennham this um brother Brennham um was saying over here in from that time paragraph 60 he says the church had the keys Jesus told them he gave them the keys look how they used it they said now it's written in the scripture the scripture must be fulfilled let but let another take bishop talk of Judah talking of Judas and he said and he find f and he find fine cultured men good men just as religious as they could be to the key men that were good reputation as in good reputation and they cast their lots and chose Msiah but but what good did it do there isn't one thing recorded in the Bible that he ever did not one thing just a good old deacon or something another like but he was supposed to be an apostle. But here's the here's the other part where brother Brandon speaks about what God God's choice and he says God went over and chose a little old hightempered hooknose church hater. It it shows that God can take nothing and make something out of it. That's what makes him God. And Amen. That's the very thing that makes um God God. And the the reason why God chooses certain certain things and we do not understand it, but he understands it because he's omnisient. He's all knowing. So when he's choosing something, he already knows what what's in them. That's how God chooses. That's why the prophet says to be wait and wait upon the Lord. Don't be in a hurry. Because there's also other times like the apostle when they're in the upper room, they waited on the Lord and they were praying and supplementing. That's actually what they were supposed to do. They waited. You It did It It doesn't say that um the apostles left, you know, because they if you're in someone that's impatient, you could have also gotten up and left, but they didn't. They were obedient and they were patient. Just like um Elijah. Elijah was patient when he went to the cave and waited upon the Lord. Brother Brandon say he waited for this little still voice. See, those are people that are patient. There are people that are impatient. There are people that are patient. Hallelujah. Now, Brother Brandon said, "In the power of the devil," paragraph 45, he says, "I know you think I'm crazy. That's all right. I feel better crazy than I did the other way. So, I'll just stay this this away." That's right. Amen. If it takes a crazy person to believe the word of God, let me stay the way I am. Then if I'm supposed to be crazy and believe this. See, this reminds me of after the um the pillar of after the Holy Ghost came, people were thinking that the the apostles were drunk, but they were not drunk. They were thinking that they were they were um they were basically crazy, but they weren't crazy. And they were saying this is that that was prophesied. Yes, sir. And the prophet Kina says, "I believe that Jesus Christ, the son of God, raised from the dead, standing right here in a m in in this building tonight. I believe he's omnisient, omnipresent, omnipotent. Hallelujah. Has all wisdom, all places, fills all space, and is all powerful. He's the true and the living one." You believe that? That's the way to believe and to be saved. That's the only way you can be saved is to believe in it. He's here. He's the one who looked over his audience. Remember, he's a watchman. He's the one who look over his audience. And he says this is the only way to be saved to believe in his omnisient. He's omnipresent. He's omnipotent. And see it's the only way because if God because because if God knowing all things and he is true if he says something that mean that thing is the only choice there is and if you go any if you go left or right you go contrary to it that mean you're doomed to fail. That mean you're not going to be saved. That's what the prophet say is the only way to be saved. You see that's what the prophet say is the only way to be saved. And the thing about it, God being all knowing, he's all knowing by he's omnipresent by his omnisient. The prophet of God says that he's because he knows all things. That's why he's omnipresent. He knows everything simultaneously. What do I mean by that? It means if God were here tonight and you would ask him anything that happened in the past, he would be able to tell you. If God and if you ask him anything that's happening on today in this world right now, he would be able to tell you. And if you ask him for future things, he would also be able to tell you. That's why he's all knowing. He's it's he's omnipresent. I believe it was um in John chapter one when God was talking to he told Philip. He told Philillip, he chose Philillip. And Philip was so eager he went to tell um Nathaniel. And when Nathaniel came to u Jesus, Jesus started telling him before you even came I saw you at the tree. You see go God he alo in order to see something in order to say I saw you that mean you have to be there but Jesus who is in flesh because the prophet of God said that he's omnipresent by his um by his knowledge and he even went on to talk about how people think he's like the air or such such and such a thing which the prophet says in the junction of time he's infinite he's god He's omnipotent, omnipresent, omnisient. See, he knows all things, all wisdom, and all time. Covers all space, all power, he's infinite. And if he isn't that, he's not God. That's right. If he isn't almighty God, which he is, if he can't do all things, which he can, he's not almighty God. But if he is all almighty God, he can do all things. See, so that's the way we have to believe him. See, that's the only way that we have to believe him because he say, see the part about omniscience, it speaks about knowledge and it speaks about wisdom. And I remember when I was meditating the the the uh original transfer thought that I had was for knowledge and insight. For knowledge speaks about prophecy, about knowing things of the future. And insight speaks about understanding. And omnisient takes both for knowledge and insight into it. That's why he says wisdom speaks about understanding and all knowledge speaks about any knowledge past, future or present. And the prophet of God continues says it wasn't so from the beginning. Now God is omnipotent, omnipresent by being omnisient. It make it making him omnip omnipresent. He knows all things but God could not be just like the air is because God has a dwelling place. God is not a myth. God is a being. God Jesus he God pronoun he is a being. Therefore he's omnisient, omnipresent, omnipotent and infinite. Now to be infinite it comes from the word infinite. Infinite which there is no limit. He is eternal. Eternal is like a ring. It goes around around and you're trying to find where it begins or where it ends. There is no beginning or ending to it because there are certain other religions or belief where their god is like a myth is like the air where if you go outside the universe you're going to find yourself literally still in the god in still in the palm of God as some other um religious be um depict their own um version of God. But over here the prophet is saying that he's not a myth. He's not somewhere that's up in the air that wherever you go he you're going to see the literal hand of God just being everywhere. And that's what the prophet of God is talking about. He's not a myth. And he continues in inspiration 1956 he says how God forn knows all things and making preparation for it. Amen. God knows all things. He's omnipotent. He's omnipresent. He's omnisient. He knows all things when when the world before there were ever was a star in heaven. Before there were ever was a light in the firmament. God knew every prophet that ever lived or ever or or everything that men and women would ever do. He's infinite and how that he he warns his people to get things ready like in the antidolivian destruction. Like he's getting people ready today like he got that woman ready. Watch watch what that little U bed did later. See this part where the prophet talking about how God knew every prophet. Remember the prophet Jeremiah, God was God came to Jeremiah and he told him that when you were in your mother's belly, he knew you. And when you were in your mother's womb, he chose you. Then Jeremiah comes in saying, "Well, I'm a child." After God comes and says, "Don't say you're a child because I ordained you. I commanded you. I chose you and I will lead you." And the thing about it, the prophet said that God knows everything. And because he knows everything, he gives you warnings ahead of time. If you remember the prophecy that brother Brandham had given about the pope the pope God because in Jeremiah was talking about how how in Jeremiah God was talking about how he saw Jer Jeremiah in his mother's womb and in the time of the prophet God has seen the the the pope before he was even formed before the deeds was even done God has seen the popet after I told the prophet and the prophet came in and and prophesied and said watch out the pope is coming and he's giving you a warning and because of his omnicient that's why I say he's a watchman you're supposed to rely on him and I'm going to speak on why you should rely on him and why it's very important to rely on him because the prophet says it's the only way to be saved there's no other way to be saved [Music] now the prophet continue and says make a way 1956 but order to be order to be God he has to know who will do that or he wasn't God cuz he is omnipotent He is omnipresent. He is omnisient. He knows everything. He is that every excuse me he is at every place and all powerful. So for knowledge looks back and says that he foraw this and knowed that's the reason he could tell what the end was from the beginning. from the very beginning. And therefore, knowing that all these marvelous days that we're living in now and to stand and witness and see the things that we see now, God had to make a preparation for it. See, God is omni. God is omnisient and he knows everything by his fornowledge. He's giving his people warning. He's giving his people signs as he gave the signs about um the Catholic church coming into power. He gave the signs for that as he gave saying if it was going to be a woman or or a priest or a Catholic that will rise into the seat of power. He gave every single prophecy that he gave came most of it already came true and those that haven't came true are build or in the process of coming true. You see, and the thing over here, the prophet God says that knowing that all these marvelous days that we're living in now and stand and witness and see the things that we see now, God had to make a preparation for it. See, when a prophecy is fulfilled, the prophet of God said that that's a witness because we have three witness. There's one that's us and that there's the prophecy being fulfilled and the Holy Ghost, which I'll get into that later. But the prophet God says that what is prophetic is just his knowledge. He's the chief attorney. He's the judge and he just speaks the lawyer the lawyer some of his wisdom. And that's what prophecy is that can foretell it because he knows that's what's going to be. See he says that prophetic is just his knowledge. That mean prophecy the future it's something special to us but to God it's like basic knowledge. It's something that he knows. It's that's why sometime when you go in um when you have a dream, let's say you have a dream about the future. Usually when you're telling that dream, you say I saw instead instead of saying this will happen, you're saying I saw I saw I saw you. You're speaking as if it's a past tense because prophecy and stuff like that to God. It's something that's it's already a done word. It's already a done deal. And the prophet says in Abraham and his seed after him. Amen. Not that God would say, "I choose you and condemn you." Never. But if he's infinite, how many believes he's infinite? Well, well, then he knowed from the from he knowed from the beginning that the end would be. That's what the scripture says. omni omnipresent, omnisient, omnipotent, and infinite. And now he's infinite by his knowledge. But he's for knowledge. He knew who would come to him and who would not come to him. He knew who would be saved and who would not be saved. That would that would certainly clear up Romans 8 and N for you. If there's any question about God whether he calls his children by election or not for there Paul speaking to Esau and Jacob before either child was born not even knowing what was right or wrong God said I love Jacob and hate Esau before either child had a way to even make a choice. God knew from the beginning what Esau was. He knowed what what Jacob was. In another in another quote, brother Brandon said that he God knew that Esau was a ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch ch. He knew the nature of Esau. Esau, he knew that Esau was not someone that that could be a part of him because if you remember when Jesus was talking to the Pharisees and they were claiming to be the children of Abraham and that that Jesus had told them that you're of your father the devil because they have nothing of God in them and in order to have something of God in them that mean you must have been back up yonder. must have been somewhere with God in the beginning before the foundation of the world. And the prophet of God says, "And he made creatures, and creatures fell, and then God by his infinite his infancy looked down through the stream of time, and saw every man that would be saved." Every man he knew it by fornowledge. Therefore, if he by for knowledge knew who would be saved and who would not be saved, he could predestinate. And I just want to I guess so the word is not such a bad word after all. Is it? He could predestinate because he knew who would and who would not. Therefore, in order to catch those who would, he had to make a propitiator, a propitiation for s for their sin. And oh, if we can, we want to get to it. Just a few verses below, the predestinated us to eternal life. He predestinated us to eternal life. Knowing that those who would lay aside everything and no matter how indifferent it would look towards the cho children towards the children of the world, it wouldn't mean one thing to them because they were children of God and he called them. See what I want you to notice is brother Brand has said God by his infinity looked down to the stream of time. If you know for those that I guess those that know that are are knowledgeable in science usually they have they come up with their own theories and stuff like that and there's this there's this one theory that they speak of where there's I guess it's a timeline theory based and the prophet of God says God God through all through all um stream of time meaning through every possibility that every possibility where where human the human science says well what if this what if this what if this and to them it's like if let's say you were going to a road and after there's A and there's B if you take B they automatically start creating another timeline saying that oh if you had taken um uh A this this would have happened but God the prophet God is saying that God already knew what you were going to choose that there's no stream and stuff like that there's no any type there's no any type of things such as like uh multiverse or anything like that because God already know God knows what you're going to choose and He predestinated you based on what you're going to choose. There's no whatifs or any type of thing like that. And the prophet continues and he talks about how he, as you remember last time we were talking about God's preparation. God had foreseen sin. He already saw that humans were going to fall. He saw the issue of sin. So he prepared the atonement before the foundation of the world. He prepared it before you even enter into your trials. Before you would ascend, before you fall, God had already prepared a solution for you. He already prepared, he already had the money and everything to purchase you. [Music] Hallelujah. Now, in in 1960 Watchmen, War of the Night, Brother Brand says, "Now, before we approach the word, there's many people that can take the Bible and pull that cover back like that, but it takes God to open that word." See, God alone, it's it's of no private interpretation. Just read it and believe it. And in the prisoner of 1963, he says, "And now then, I want to try. I believe the Lord has somehow given me a little insight on the reasons why there is some people are not healed. I believe it's lack of understanding. I believe maybe we'll speak on that Sunday morning. The Lord's willing. See, or here the prophecies that it's only the word that interprets God's own um it's only the word that interprets God's word. It's only the spirit that interprets God's word because the scripture says that what um what knows a man's mind except the spirit of the man. That mean in order for you to interpret God's word, you need a spirit of God which is the Holy Ghost. And then he says that in order for you to even have understanding insight, you need God because you can have your own proper understanding. That's what the pre the pas um the prophet preached about not leaning onto your own understanding. You need to ask for the insight of God, the understanding of God. Because if you have that understanding of God, even healing would be easier for you to get healed. If you understand what what the purpose of why God is healing you, if you understand the reason and everything, if you understand all that, your healing would even come to you even easier. It would be easier to believe. And the prophet say in the invisible union of the bride of of of Christ, may your spirit fall upon us and anoint the word to our heart. Amen. That we might go from here this evening. Amen. Better people than we are now. That we that we might come that we might have a closer insight on Jesus Christ. Grant it, Lord, that we might understand the day that we're living in and the preparation of God for his people in this hour, this great crucial dark time that we're now living in. God anointed God anoint us not only speakers but hearer and together make our hearts to tremble at your word for the fear of the for the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. Grant these things father for we ask in Jesus name. Amen. We're asking that God may give us an insight of his purpose. Give us an insight of the events that are happening around us. Because if God gives us an insight and understanding of what's happening around us, it will give us courage. It will give us courage to rely more on him. It will give it will push us. In fact, it will push us to even manifest the third pool if we understand God's purpose and what the events are happening around us. And the prophecies in the testament of a true witness. Yes, sir. There was there was the prophet's word fulfilled. There was the people There was there was the prophets word fulfilled. There was the people bearing witness. And there was the Holy Ghost itself. There is three of them. And the Bible said in a mouth of three witness, let every word be established. That's right. There was the prophet's word fulfilled. There was the people said something has happened to me. Something has happened. I'm no more afraid. I'm not afraid of death. I'm not afraid of nothing. Something happened. I forgot all my theology. I forgot all my man-made traditions. Something has happened. Let this be known to you. And hurricane to my words, these are not drunk. They they lost all their dignity. They were just drunk on the spirit. And I pray that we all could be drunk on the spirit tonight. Because if we're drunk on the spirit tonight, it will reveal all things to us. It would give us all understanding. And it would by us having understanding, it will remove fear from our heart. It will remove fear from our mind, from our whole being. The reason why a lot of people fear over the books of revelation is because they don't have an insight in it. They don't have an understanding in it. And the only way to have an insight and understanding in it is to have the Holy Ghost to have the mind of God. And the mind of God was revealed in this age in the message through the message of the hour. So the only way for you to have an understanding on the book of Revelation so you can remove the fear of what's written in there is to have the mind of God is to have the message of the hour. And the prophet continues. He says they said we are his witness. Now, there was three definite definite witnesses at Pentecost. Yes, sir. First, the word of those prophets. That's right. That God would pour out his spirit in the last days upon the people. The witness that the prophets had was the word of God. It had been fulfilled. That was one witness. The prophet's message was fulfilled. I'll pour out of my spirit upon all flesh. They shall have stammering lips and other tongues will I speak to this people. There it was. They couldn't deny it. Then there was three witness. That was one that the prophet's word had been fulfilled. The other witness was the people. They were testifying something has happened. See the word of the word of God. The word of God through the prophet had been fulfilled and that fulfillment is a witness and us by observing that prophecy being fulfilled. That makes us also a witness of it. Because to be a witness, you have to be there. You have to see something to be a witness. And that's exactly why in this age by you witnessing the prophet being fulfilled that makes you the witness. And the prophet says that we are his witness. In order to be his witness, you need to have the spirit of God in you to be his witness. And the prophet says, his word testifies in the last days that there will come a falling away and there will come up a cold, formal, powerless church age. That's what we're living in. a church that had no power, having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof. From such turn away, he gave the sign that there would be times when a man would sit in the temple of God, showing himself he was God. He's He'd come ruling the nation. He was perfect. How perfectly all these things how God's word has been perfect. See the fact that God's word are perfect that are being fulfilled. That's what makes it a witness. And the prophet of God is saying that there will be a church which is in this time if you go look outside the world there's a bunch of people that cannot even man. You don't see the power of God in their church. You don't see the power of God because they don't have God in their church. They don't have the spirit of God. They only have the letter. They only have um the mechanic. They only read the letter because the letter kill it. But if you have the spirit of God that gives life, if you got the spirit of God that will interpret, if you got the spirit of God that's giving you understanding, insight, and for knowledge, it will lead you to all things. And and the prophet God says it's simply perfect. And he says he said, "I'm waiting, brother Brennham, to see to see what will what will be said there." The Holy Spirit went away back down through his life. That's right. all all the way back to when something happened told him about it and what happened and what condition all about it and told him that told him that thing what was it God's spirit giving witness see the Holy Ghost is witness see you know the thing is the Holy Spirit is a witness to you and when the Holy Spirit is witnessing to you it can witness for you or against you can witness for you as in when something happened as it was the prophet just gave a perfect example as in something happened it will bring it to your remembrance and that they tell you for example uh the prophecy say you see the prophet spoke about this he bring it to your remembrance and the the Bible even says that if you have the Holy Ghost it will bring things that God knows into your remembrance and and the other part where the Holy Ghost can witness against you in a sense is if you do wrong it will go tell on you every wrong thing that you're doing it's keeping record of it that You need to watch your step. You need to watch everything that you're doing because all of those will catch up to you. And the Holy Spirit is the one that's that's witnessing it and that's keeping track of everything that you're doing. So, might as well just stay with the word. That way, if you stay with the word, the Holy Ghost will witness for you. It will witness with you instead of witnessing against you. Just like um like uh what's it called? when the uh rich young ruler when he went to hell the and he was talking to Abraham and he was telling Abraham, "Oh, can you um send someone over there so they can be saved and stuff like that." And the thing is when he was in hell, the thing that was condemning him was the fact that he had people telling him, he had people telling him the right path, but he wasn't listening. See he had people tell him but now that inside was it was witnessing against him telling him you remember the word of God came to you did not listen the word of God came to you and did this this this you did not listen that's why even in judgment when people will say oh Lord God when I when did I treat you wrong and God said whenever you did to one of these see the holy whenever you're treating the Holy Ghost bad within a believer because the believer is a witness that that's witnessing against you and now within yourself If you're doing wrong, the Holy Ghost will also witness against you. And the prophet of God says, they say, "We are his witness because we are filled with a s with a which is the Holy Ghost." Peter said, "You men of Judea and you that dwell in Jerusalem, let this be known unto you. These are not drunk as you suppose, seeing it's the third hour of the day, but this is that which was spoken of by the prophet Joel. It shall come to pass in this last in this last day, says God. I'll pour out my spirit upon the flesh. We are bearing witness that the prophets the prophet's word are true because we are filled now. Amen. See, if the prophet's words are true, which is the word of God, God speaking to the prophet. That's why the the that's why the prophet has said that this is the only way to be saved because it is true. If it is true and he's giving you a warning and say if you go left, you're going to get injured. You doubting it. That mean you're going to get injured. That mean there's no other way to escape it except for listening to the word of God because that's the only way to be saved. And the prophet continu says Jesus in Mark 16 that the Holy Ghost Yes sir. when he come he would testify in every succeeding generation to come every generation to the end. He said these signs go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. Now long, how long is this witness going to be? To the end of the world, how long? Every generation in my name, they shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. If they if they taking up, if they taking up serpents or drink deadly drinks, it would it wouldn't harm them. If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. Amen. Jesus said that the Holy Spirit that he would send would be a witness to the end of the age every generation afterwards. Now, being that he said that we are his witnesses. Amen. In closing, listen. Pull on your understanding now and listen on close. We are as I close. We are his witness who have received his spirit. That mean to be his witness, you have to receive his spirit. And there's no other way. And in another place, brother Brennham has said uh give me a second. In another place, brother Brennan was talking about uh being a witness and how there's different all kinds of witness in in um the testimony of a true witness. Paragraph 233. Brother Brandon says this. We have we have all kinds of witness. We have all kinds. We have Methodist witness, Baptist witness, Presbyterian witness. We have um we even have message witness. Amen. We even have Jehovah witnesses which y'all know. See, Catholic witness. I'm going to I'm going to preach next Sunday the Lord willing on the four different stages of church if the Lord willing. Now we all now we have all kinds of witness today but there is one true witness and I'm going to tell you where where that one true witness is in paragraph 185. The prophet says let me tell you let me tell you something else. Why did this little fellow Why did this this little fellow sitting over here called hanging bath? A deacon was excuse me a deacon a deacon was here in the church served his time out and and now just a loyal member he raised this morning to speak in tongue I believe and prophesy. Why did that Holy Spirit said in this morning when he was giving interpretation? See the Holy Spirit giving interpretation. I have anointed my servant to bring you things that you ought to know. That mean it's a must. You have to know this. If you're a child of God, you have to know this. There's no deviating for it. In fact, if you want to be raptured, you have to know these things. You have to know the word of God. You have to know. Uh oh. Why? And I heard him standing here with my head down was choking the tears down through my heart. That meant no no more. I had never said a word to him or nobody else what I speak on cuz I just come to the pulpit and there there he was revealed the text and told the people to set themselves in order for it. It'll speak to you. Yes, sir. It'll speak to you. said, "I've sent him to many nations, to many people this same message as in this same message here, and I'll speak to you this morning. Take heed to it." He said, "For I have anointed him and sent him in." Oh God, what is it? The Holy Ghost, the true witness of God. What is it? Deity tabernacle in man. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. All nature still witnessed there is a God. He still remains God like he was was the first tree he ever created. Is that right? See, brother Brandon says that the only witness because he says there's we have all these type of different witnesses but the only witness is the Holy Ghost. And that brother Brandon says that deity tabernacle in men. That's that's where the Holy Ghost is. The Holy Ghost is deity tabernacle in men. And I believe we have vessels here that have deity that's residing in them. I believe so. And he says that nature still witness there is a God. All of nature still witness there is a God. If you look at um brother Brandham um the fact that brother Brandham saw um preached a whole sermon off a pack of cigarette. See that's speaking that nature itself testify of God. You can look at creation, look at the sun, everything. You can see the sun, how God is good, how we rely on the sun, and just how we need to rely on the son, which is Jesus Christ. You see, you can look at the constellation. You can look at everything, all of nature, and see how everything works so perfectly. All of that is testifying of God. All of that is speaking and witnessing of God. And that and all of that, all he does is it's speaking about God's supreme intelligence. If you ever noticed, brother Brennham says God's witness, the Holy Ghost, the Holy Ghost itself living in us would never affiliate itself in organizations. You can't organize God. You can't organize God. He's God. What will it do? Go back the way it was at the first place. Oh, go back to the beginning. Back to the original. Back to where it started from. It's baptized the same way they did. It'll teach the Holy Ghost the same way it did. They'll teach the people the same way it did. It'll abstain from organizations like they did. It will have a room for all like they did. Who will come? They will be clean and holy like they did. They will be filled with the spirit like they were. They will be fearless like they were. And the same things that happened to them will happen to these in the last days in the evening light like it was back before. God sent that voice call out. And I believe God had already sent that voice that call out through the prophet of through the prophet of the hour. And God is saying that if you have the spirit of God, if you have the Holy Ghost, it will remove you from from being affiliated with clicks, for being affiliated with different organization. It will push you away from anything that's contrary to the word. It will keep you aligned with God if you have the Holy Ghost. That's what the prophet of God is telling you. It say if you have it, you will have the same mind that they had. You will have the same mind that they had which was the mind of Christ. But he say if this mind be in you, it will even quicken your mortal body just like he did Christ. That's why the prophet of God also came and say that he preached like Paul. Why? Because he had that same mind. He had that Holy Spirit in him. He preached like Paul and and excuse me and that's that's what the prophet of God once was speaking about how certain people say that the days of miracles and all that has passed away. old that it stopped with the u the apostles the time in the opera room but then he said that we see the same thing happening today that mean it's not over it's still today that mean if you have that same spirit you will manifest what they did during their time you will do the exact same you will stick with the word manifest signs and the power and demonstration of God if you have that spirit of God in you and the prophet of God says in testimony prophets prophets back there witness and had the word of God and spoke the word of God and It was fulfilled right before them. Excuse me. And God said, "If there be one among you who is super who is spiritual or or a prophet, I the Lord will make myself known to him. In visions, speak to him in dreams." And if what he says come to pass, then hear him. That's right. And I'll tell you, it's time for falling out. All right. falling out of the things of the world. Where will you fall, brother Brennham? Back into the arm of God. That's right. Let the Holy Ghost bear witness, he is God's witness. And the scripture, the prophet quoting said that if anyone among you have visions, have vision and speaks and if God speaks to them in his dream and he prophesy, all what he says come to pass to hear him. Brother Brennham came and God spoke to brother Brennham. God showed him vision visions. Brother Brandham in fact could stand right here talking to you at the same time seeing a vision at the same time seeing um seeing heaven and tell you about what happened in your heart. Tell you what's happening in heaven. He can see it both at the he can see both planes of existence at the same time. And we had a man like that. And God is saying that you need to hear him. Yet there are people that that hear about that. There are people that are saying that and they're refusing to listen to it. They're rejecting the word of God. They're rejecting the word of God by rejecting the messenger of God. You see, and God is telling you to stay away from the world. Stay away from the desire of the world. Stay away from being associated with the things of the world. All all nature, all everywhere testifies the heaven, the skies, so many things. I sitting in my study yesterday. I wrote down I won't have time to go to it but you can just look around to anything that God created gives testimony to his glory. Anything any creation of God gives testimony to God and for his purpose shows the great supreme intelligence. So he's saying for everything the fact that everything works for his pro purpose whether it appears to be good or bad to you but to God it works for his purpose and the prophet of God saying that since everything works for his purpose and everything is testifying of God all of that speaks of his supreme intelligence all of that that's why earlier I even mentioned if you look at it the universe all of it everything working um in one accord everything you see every you see um a pattern pattern in creation. You see a pattern in in the universe and people are trying to grasp how did this p pattern came to be or how could a man make such pattern and man cannot by the supreme intelligence of Jesus Christ the supreme intelligence of God is what made all this pattern that can keep all of it together because sometime I would look at certain things that man made and I'm like the the person that made this is extremely smart but when you look at creation the word everything make it makes the creation of men look like child's play because that's the supreme intelligence that works behind it and the things that God make does not falter does not um does not does not falter and does not uh last for a few days and it could be eternal because everything that God creates is eternal if it's not created from God because the prophet speaks about sin because sin is not created I mean sin everything that created has pardon me everything that God creates it he can create it for a very long period of time compared to humans. But now the prophet God speaks about how God created sin. And when he created sin, excuse me, when he created sin, help me Lord. When God, when God created sin, which was a perversion of the truth, because everything that comes out of God is eternal and everything that God knows is also eternal. And the thing is about sin and lies which is the thing is about sin and lies because lies sin is a perversion of of of the truth. A lie is the perversion of the truth. In order for you to have a lie you have to have the truth. You just need to take the the truth and twist it a little bit and you'll find yourself in a lie. And sin was the only thing that was created. and sin. Sin with all creation. The word says the the word of God says that everything, excuse me, everything. He says, the word of God says that his word does not pass away, but everything everything else passes away. The heaven and the earth will pass away, but his word will not pass away. And the reason why which ties back to the omnition of God, his word does not pass away because in all eternity he searched in all eternity. Before God speaks a word in the in the back part of his mind before God speaks a word, he searches in all eternity. He searches in all possibility. Then he speaks. And that's why his word does not falter. And the prophet of God says that this tower man, he got up and then if anything happened, he was supposed to warn the people of any approach, any approaching danger. We see our Lord Jesus when he was here on earth. He was great watchman. He was the great watchman of the hour. He was He was here on earth. He was the great watchman of the hour. We noticed that in his earthly journey. He talked more about his second coming than he did his going away. He said more about his second coming many times more than he did of his going away. Right in the shadows of the cross, he kept talking about his second coming and warning the people what would take place just before his second coming. He was the watchman. He was the chief of the watchman. You see the thing is because remember earlier I told you I was talking about why you should listen to God and God is the watchman. Why you should listen to that watchman? And as and as I'm closing the musician can start coming. And the thing about why you should listen to God because he's omnisient. The simple answer is because he's omnisient. And because of his omnisient, because he's omnisient, God whenever he makes a decision, he never has a plan B. Because if you remember with Esther, God had chose Esther. And when Esther had a complex, he's her own personal complex. And at that Mori, the prophet had to come in and wake her up. The Mori came in and told her, "If you don't do it, redemption will come from elsewhere. You don't even know. Maybe this is your very purpose." And because God already knew that she was predestined, that she was going to do it, God chose her. That's why it wasn't anyone else. God chose her. Just like um Mary, God knew that she was the person who would receive the prophecy of a virgin birth. She was the only one who would keep herself and would receive it easily. That's why God doesn't have a plan B. Whenever God makes a decision, it's absolute. And because it's absolute, it's absolute because he already knows it through fornowledge. And he has the inside of it which is understanding. And all of those combined speaks of the supreme intelligence of God. And because of all those things, that's the reason why you should rely on God. That's the reason why you should rely on the words that God speak through his prophet and his messenger. Amen. I'll read one more quote from brother Brandham to to close. Brother Brandham says in testimony paragraph 104 he says David in the spirit as I like to refer to as I like to refer to it as Jesus said there. Why did why did David in the spirit called him Lord? David, not David but David in the spirit. He says there is a lot of difference between David and David in the spirit. There is a lot of difference between church and church in the spirit. Why did David in the spirit call him Lord if he was his son saying the Lord said to my Lord sit thou on my right hand? They could ask, answer him no more, ask him no more questions after that. But David in this 22nd Psalm fell into a spirit, this spirit. And when he did, he even gave the words that he groomed at the cross. My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? All my all my bones, they stare at me. and and how my pierced my hands. How they pierced my hands and my feet. Yet he was wounded for our transgression. Come across the other prophets, bruised for our iniquity, and chastisement for our peace was upon him. And with his stripes, we were healed. Now watch this. the accuracy, the perfection of those prophets. Not one word did they speak about him, but what come to pass the last seven prophecies give of him was answered in the last seven hours on the cross. He w how that every word was fulfilled. Not one thing was left was left undone. And the prophet says, what does it speak of? The prophecies is supreme intelligence. The fact that all those prophecies that came to that David was prophesying about Jesus Christ came to fulfillment. The prophet of God is saying that that all of that is the supreme intelligence because nothing else could have orchestrated it to be that perfect. And the supreme intelligence is God himself. Amen. The supreme intelligent. It wasn't those men. Those men were just men like you and I. That's exactly right. Just like everything brother Brandham has said, brother Brandon was a man just like you and you and I. But it was the supreme intelligence that brother Brandham was relying on that was giving forth these words that were coming to true that were coming um to pass that we're witnessing that are coming to pass. It was a supreme intelligence that whatever brother Brennham is speaking sometime he may not even give you u the reference but he aligns perfectly with the Bible. The reason why he aligns perfectly with the Bible is because he had that supreme intelligence behind him guiding him. And he continues says, "Those men were just men like you and I, but they were inspired by a supreme being which was giving testimony that we in this generation and in the generation to come and all generations between them and here look could look upon his word and know that they are true. is a testimony that the word of God is truth. All his works are perfect. They are perfect and on time. They don't miss one hour. Sometime we think they're going to but they don't after it's all after it's over. We seen it. It couldn't come any quicker. It couldn't have been any better. It's perfect and it's on time. Just like Jesus Christ when he came to Lazarus's tomb. People would have expected him to come earlier when he was sick but he didn't and when he came he was already four days late and people were were thinking probably it would have been late. But Martha has said even now if you speak even now if you speak see everything is perfect it doesn't mess it be it was just perfectly aligned and and the reason why even God terried was to glorify his name to show glor to glorify his name to glorify himself in the son because if he had came and and healed him healed him from his disease people don't just say well this this probably because of doctor probably because he rested etc etc But because he had died, not not just three days, not just one day, but four days, four days in the tomb already rotten, because that happened, all the glory goes back to God. Even in our day today when we see these visions happen and of things take place and they're foretold and we wonder when they'll be fulfilled what will take place but we find out that they're they're perfect and on time exactly. Amen. Amen. So we find out that the omnisient the omnisient God if you break down the word omnisient to try to understand why is it important to listen to God. The omnisient God has fornowledge and insight. That's why that's why it's very important to listen to him. That's why his purpose always comes to pass because of his fornowledge, his understanding and his insight. And he sees he sees like the prophet said that his prophetics is his knowledge. He knows it. It's it's a present tense for him. That's why you even look when the prophet was looking in the vision. When the prophet was looking, he was being um raptured, he turned back after he saw that the United States was in ash. He was saying that I saw. He he was saying that I saw because to God, it's already a done work. It's already a done work. There's nothing that you you there's nothing you can do beside relying on God's word. So I encourage you tonight to rely on God's insight, to rely on God's knowledge, to rely on God's on God's word. And by you relying on God's word, guy relying on God's insight, it makes you a witness. And by you having the witness inside you and you witnessing the prophets the pro the prophecy being fulfilled and all of those happening because of God. And that's that's my message tonight for the omnisient um God. May God bless you. If we can stand and go to the Lord in prayer. [Applause] Lord heavenly father, we come to you this evening. First off we come to you to thank you. Lord heavenly father. Thank you for your word that was brought forth. Lord heavenly father. Thank you for everything that was said. Thank you for everything that was done. Lord heavenly father, I believe, Lord heavenly father, you have spoken to someone. You have touched someone. Lord God, Lord heavenly father, you're the god who know all things. Lord God, may Lord heavenly father forgive me Lord Jesus Christ for my mistakes and errors Lord Jesus Christ. Wherever Lord Jesus Christ myself I I may have tried to enter and may you forgive me for those. I pray Lord heavenly father that your spirit Lord heavenly father that was in Jesus Christ your spirit that was in the prophet that was breaking down the prophet breaking down your word to the prophet Lord Jesus Christ revealing all those things may you reveal it to Lord Jesus Christ your children Lord Jesus Christ may you may you reveal Lord Jesus Christ your pure word to your people Lord Jesus Christ may you bring them to an understanding that they may catch Lord heavenly father your your omnisient Lord Jesus Christ and that they may rely on you Lord heavenly father as they're going through their trials Lord heavenly Father, you already told us that you chose us before the foundation of the world. You chose us, Lord, heavenly father. Before everything, Lord Jesus Christ, you chose us. You chose us. You predestinated us, Lord God. And your word, your choice does not falter, does not fail, Lord heavenly father. So we rely on you tonight, Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you for reinforcing us, talking to us, and reminding us, Lord Jesus Christ, why we should keep trusting in you, and why every word that you speak, Lord, heavenly father, is the only way for us to be saved, Lord God. Thank you, Lord Jesus Christ, for speaking to us. Because you are the best, Lord Jesus Christ, watchmen ever because your pro your prophet himself said that you are the best. You're the chief of watchman, Lord God. That mean there's no other way to there's no other way for us Lord Jesus Christ to even escape tribulation if it's not by your word Lord God if it's not by relying on you Lord Jesus Christ for that is what you spoke to us and that is what you told us Lord God may help us Lord Jesus Christ to stay faithful help us to stay under your word help us to stay grounded Lord Jesus Christ on your word help us to rely on you Lord Jesus Christ rely on your insight rely on your knowledge Lord Jesus Christ rely on that in supreme intelligence that the prophet himself relied upon on Lord heavenly father so you can make the words Lord Jesus Christ of your scripture come um become flesh to us Lord God so you can make every word in the scripture that we may understand it in simplicity Lord God that way Lord heavenly father even our healing will happen um will happen easily Lord heavenly father as your prophet say Lord Jesus the reason why we don't have healing is because we don't have understanding Lord God and you're the person who bears all understanding Lord God so we pray that you may come in us Lord Jesus Christ that you may fellowship with us and reveal more unto us and give us more understanding. Uh bend their remaining of tonight unto you, Lord God. Protect your children, Lord Jesus Christ, as they will be returning, Lord Jesus Christ, to their respective place, Lord God. May you watch over them, Lord God. May you encourage them. May you touch them, Lord God. And may you just be with them, Lord Jesus Christ. You know their needs, Lord Jesus Christ. For yourself, Lord, heavenly father, you said you knew us before the foundation of the world. Before even sin entered, you had prepared the atonement. that may before our problems you had already had a solution. So we're simply praying Lord heavenly father that you may reveal to us that solution that you had for us Lord heavenly father we ask that you may give us patience Lord Jesus Christ give us patience to listen to you give us patience to wait on your time give us patience to wait on your season give us patient to wait on your purpose Lord heavenly father because now Lord heavenly father we understand Lord Jesus Christ that time season and purpose all of those the reason why all of those are absolute Lord heavenly father is because of your omniscience The reason why all of those Lord heavenly father are absolute and they do not change. They do not falter is because you're omnisient God. Lord heavenly father you took precaution. That's why you even say that Lord heavenly father you have an expected end for us Lord Jesus Christ. The reason why you have that expected end because you already know through fornowledge Lord Jesus Christ. You already know because you're omnisient Lord God. So we're abandoning everything unto you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Applause] the prophet if the pastor may come. Praise God. Praise God. Wonderful message. I like it when they are overloaded with the message. Amen. Wonderful. The omni the omniscient of God. The omniscience of God. God knows everything. And because he knows everything, that's why he can foretell the f the future. That's why he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Because God knows everything. Amen. Amen. Rely on God. He's the supreme intelligence. Maybe one day the Lord will help us get into the garment of a prisoner and you will understand why you need to rely on God. But God already spoke tonight. He knows everything. He knows your life before you were born, before you were formed. He knew the pope. He prophesy about the pope. And 71 years down the road, the prophecy came. The one who prophesied died. But because he was not William Marion Brham, because he was God, because he was the supreme intelligence who spoke, that word have traveled all the way and then brought the pope right there into place. Nobody thought he will come from America. Amen. God combine everything together. He's bringing the next Catholic president and then he bring a woman in purple. Then he bring Donald Trump twice. The first and the last Trump and then at the same time simultaneously he's bringing the pope. Why is this event happening quickly? Now all the prophecy that we linger through the ages waiting, waiting, waiting. Now in one time all the prophecy are coming. You need to watch carefully. You need to come away from the world. You need to cling into the word of God. That's why I say whenever you want to do something, always consult the prophet. Did I make myself? Whenever you want to do something in your life, stop and say, what did brother Brandham say about this? When we say brother Brandham, what did God say through the messenger about this? In other words, I want to know the mind of God. I want to know the thoughts of God. I want the omnicient, the supreme intelligence of God to know what is the purpose of God about this type of situation. And once we receive the answer from the prophet, then you apply the answer according to what the prophet said and you are doomed for success because you are following the mind of God. And brother Brandham say we have the mind of Christ. If you look at that picture, it's the head. And brother Brandham say we are in the age of the intelligence. Not the eyes anymore. The eyes was the seer. That was brother Brandham. Brother Brandham said the tongue was the Pentecostal and the eyes was himself. But if you notice now, it's a different story. And the greatest victory of Samson happened when his eyes was taken out. The greatest victory of this will happen when the prophet is taken out. When the prophet is off the scene, that's when the second hair, brother Glenn, the second hair, not the first hair, not the first hair, the second oil, the second, there is another anointing. There is another hair that is coming out. That hair will destroy hell. It will manifest the third pull because now we have the supreme intelligence. We have the mind of God. We are tapping into the omniscience of God. Amen. Amen. Put everything aside. Humble yourself before the word. The word, the prophet knows what it is. Sometime it's foolish to the world, but let's stick with the prophet. Let's stick with the mind of God. And the mind of God will take you through. Amen. Amen. Because your intelligence will get you in trouble. Brother Brandham spoke about a man who was thirsty and they got to a point they were looking for water and then the man have to trust the horse. And the and the and and the road the horse was taking the man was differently than the road everybody was taking. Amen. And he ended up he found water because there was something in the horse. Amen. That was bringing the the man toward the water. And brother Brandham was riding on a pl horse. Brother Brandham called that horse the word. Go watch in the anointing time or something like that. You will see or or a shame. You will see the vision. There is a horse. There is the word that is directing the word. That's why whatever we do, whatever you I'm I'm trying to do. You say, "Brother Steven, have a quote for everything." Yes. Why do I have a quote for everything? Because I want to make sure I'm doing things according to the supreme intelligence. Amen. How do I put something in the church? What did brother Brandham say? What did brother Brandham say? That brother Brham is the supreme intelligence of God. So when I tell you stick with the message, I'm just bringing you back to the supreme intelligence. Now because of his intelligence, we understand that there is a time, there is a purpose and there is a season. Why? Because of the omniscient God, a God that knows everything. Rely on him and he will give you the desire of your heart. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you humbly tonight. Father, we thank you again for your grace, your love, your mercy, for speaking to us through your servant, Lord. Father, we pray that you strengthen him, Lord. Father, and take his life and continue to guide him and fill him and lead him, Lord, Father, from to higher height, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus Christ, if Tom Terry, we are committing this week unto thy hand. May you protect us and give us travel mercy as we go into our respective place. And Lord, help us with the young men meeting. And Lord, prepare our heart for the oncoming service on Sunday if that ter come. We thank you for everything and commit it all unto thy hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go [Music] ahead. We start with the chorus. I'm no longer And I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. I'm no longer no longer a slave to be. I am a child of God. Humble of God and no long to fear. I am a child of God. You are over me. You are me with me. You surround me song of deliverance. from my eneies to all my fears are gone. I'm no longer a slave to [Applause] [Music] fear. I am a child of God. I'm no longer no longer. [Music] I am a child. [Music] From my mother's womb. From my mother's womb. You have chosen me. Love has called my name. I've been born again into your family. Oh, your blood flows through my veins. I'm no longer a slave to [Music] me. I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no longer slave to [Music] be. I am a [Music] child no longer no longer. I am a child. [Music] You split. You split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears are drowned in perfect love. You rescued me so I can stand and say I am a child. Oh, [Music] you spin the sea so I can walk right through it. My fears are drown in perfect love. [Music] You rescued me so I can say I am a child. I'm no [Music] longer I am a child of God. I'm no longer I'm no [Music] longer no longer. I'm no [Music] longer a child. One more time. Oh [Music] no. I am a child of God.
