################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Gather At Mizpeh - Bro Charles Hamilton III - Charles Hamilton III - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   Gather At Mizpeh - Bro Charles Hamilton III
Speaker: Charles Hamilton III
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u66cfZQD4bo
========================================

I give Joneses a gift. They give me one back. I'll see what I got in the morning. Won't you open up your heart and see what's in there? Find out what you got in here. Except if you find it empty with just negative creeds and and and tears of the world. Why not ask Christ to fill it tonight? Tonight. So that you can get the real meaning of Christmas. It It's Christ in you. God dwelling in the human heart. That's what the real Christmas means. But you see, today we become so negative. It's the devil getting us through that. painted candy sticks and a and a reindeer and and a whiskered man and flies through the air like an airplane and visits the whole world and every [Music] [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we have standing tonight? Amen. We just want to bless the name of the Lord tonight. Amen. We want to worship him. We just want to commit the service into the hands of the Lord that he be with us. He takes preeminence tonight. and all those on their way coming, we commit them into the hands of the Lord. Let us pray together. Father, in the name of Jesus, we are grateful, Lord. We just want to bless your name. We just want to give you all the glory, all the honor you deserve, Lord. Father, we just want to thank you for our lives, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we just want to thank you for everything you've been doing, Lord, in our lives. We just want to thank you for your protection, Lord. We thank you father for your forgiveness Lord. Your compassion upon our lives Lord. Your mercies Lord each and every day Lord Jesus. Oh God you renew them oh God. Father by your grace oh God we just want to bless you Lord Jesus. Oh God thank you. It's not by merit. It's not by our might. It's not by power Lord Father by your spirit Lord Jesus. Oh God that is always with us. Oh God that is in us in this day Lord. We just want to bless you Lord Jesus. Father, we commit, oh God, the whole service into your hands, Lord, in asking, Lord, may you take prereeminence, Lord. We commit, oh God, our song service into your hands, Lord, all our singers, Lord, and Father God, everyone, oh God, that is involved, Lord, tonight, Lord, we ask, Lord, may you use us as instruments, Lord Jesus. Oh God, and Father God, set the atmosphere, Lord, for your servant tonight, Lord. And we ask, Father God, may you take him aside, Lord. Father, may you speak through him, Lord. Father, to your bride this evening. Lord, those on their way coming, Lord, are in your hands, Lord. We ask for your protection, Lord. We ask, Lord, may guide them, Lord Jesus. Oh God, take preeminence, Lord, at the end, Lord Jesus. Oh God, together in one accord, one spirit. Oh God, we lift your name on high once again. Lord, we thank you, Lord, and we bless your name. We give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen and amen. Amen. I want to take this song. Welcome Holy Spirit. Amen. [Music] Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. We are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. Oh, welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. [Music] Oh, fill us with your power. Oh, live inside of me. You're the living water. Oh, you're the living water. [Music] Oh flowing mountain comfort and [Music] counel take control. [Music] Welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence and fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. You're the living water. Oh, you're the living [Music] water. Oh, everflowing fountain, comforter and counsel. [Music] Take complete [Music] control. Welcome Holy Spirit. Glory in your praisees. [Music] Oh, fill us with your [Music] power. Leave a side on me. One more time. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, welcome, Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Leave a side of me. [Music] Here I am waiting. Abide in me I [Music] pray. Here I am longing for you. Hide me in your love. Bring me to my may I know Jesus more and more. Come live in me. Come live in me. Oh my life. Take [Music] over. Come breathe in me and I will rise. [Music] Come live in me. Oh, come live in me. Oh, my life. Take over. Come breathe in me and I will rise only. One more time. Come and leave me. Oh come leave me. [Music] All my [Music] life take [Music] over. Come breathe in me and I will [Music] rise. Glory. Oh, come live. Come live in [Music] me. Oh, my [Music] life. Come breathe in me and I will rise. [Music] One more time. Oh, come live in me all my [Music] life. His take over. Oh, come breathe in me. I will rise on [Music] your Amen. That's our prayer tonight. Amen. That the Lord lives in us and breathes in us. Amen. He's already in us. Amen. We just want to praise him tonight. Amen. want to take this song in the city where the lamp is the light. Amen. I believe you and I have been predestinated for that city. Amen. There's a country far beyond the starry sky in the city when never comes. for [Music] faithful. Oh, in the city where the lamb is. Oh, the city in the city where the Lord is alive. The city [Music] where I am. Here we have [Music] our sunshine. [Music] Oh, by the sun shines upon so bright. Oh my [Music] go city. In the city where the land is the city where I am I am the flowers the flowers forever shall be one eternal with my to in the city where the city in the city where the land city where they're Oh my god. Here we have our disappointment. Here we have our disappointment all the [Music] while the In the city where the lamb is in the city. I see where you see where I [Music] miss. I am born where the lamb is in the city. In the city where the lamb is alive. I see you ever coming. Oh my gosh. [Music] [Music] [Music] I am going with Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, what [Music] a I'm so glad I can say I want to tell people there are people [Music] everywhere that is burning out my glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can see I'm one of them. His [Music] people are holy in your praise. I'm baptized in Jesus name. I'm so glad that I can sing. Oh, what a day. What a day. I'm so glad I can see. What a day. Oh, what a day. What a day. I'm so glad I can see what you're calling up my room. You are in the operating baptiz. [Music] I'm so glad I can see I want [Music] to be I want to be I'm so glad I can see what I'm so glad I can see. I'm one of them. One of the one. I'm so glad I can see one more time. One of them. I'm so glad I can see. I want to. I'm so glad I can see what I When there was all the Tell the story how we [Applause] all the story we We are we are often dreaming on the restless single time. So much darkness of some seed of bright sunshine in the land of [Music] perfect. We will understand and high and high. When the [Music] morning tell the story, [Music] oh, we are dest. of the last one and one he trusted in the Lord and according to his words we will [Music] administer and [Music] Savior. Oh god. will understand everywhere. trials on every hand. Every understand the way our God will lead to the blessed might [Music] be better. Oh my go tell the story. Oh hallelujah until I understand he is temptations he dist and our hearts are made to be our we try to do our best but we are standing better by oh forever My Holy Ghost. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] who will tell the story how we understand where we will tell the story how we And you'll understand [Music] and amen and amen. We overcome who tell the story. Understand it by and by. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. We just want to thank the Lord for our lives. Amen. Amen. All right. We've got an announcement. But um it's a sweet one. Amen. So um this is class of 2025 Joshua Komodo. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Our brother Joshua Komodo has graduated from college. Hey Amen. Amen. And so the families inviting the church. Amen. Uh that's Erskin College. [Music] Um there's going to um have it on YouTube. Amen. So we we're going to post this um on the announcement board. Amen. So, this is May the 10th at 10:30 a.m. at 2 Washington Street, D West, South Carolina. Amen. 10:30 a.m. Amen. Amen. Amen. So, we're going to put this on the announcement board. Amen. Amen. So, we can all see that we can also follow on YouTube. Amen. Amen. Amen. So congratulations, brother Joshua Kamoto. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know on Sunday the pastor is going to do due diligence to that. Amen. Amen. Amen. So um this is a prayer request from brother DM. It says, "Keep Brother Polycarp in prayer. He isn't feeling very well. His right ear is hurting really badly." So we bring before the Lord Brother Polycarp. Amen. Amen. So this says S. Oh, Sister Sheron Hamilton. All right. Um, so he said, "Pray for a little girl." uh medicine journeys. She has seizures. Amen. And it's getting worse. She's going in for testing. Pray for her healing. Amen. So, we're going to remember Madison journeys in prayer. Amen. That the Lord touch her body. Amen. Amen. We going to invite brother Charles Hamilton. Amen. to thank the Lord for the life of our brother Josh. Amen. And bring before the Lord of s sister um Sharon has a testimony. Amen. God bless you. Saintless I cannot keep quiet because when I received the message, when I heard the news, it really touches me. It's it's a it's like a month. One of our sister called me from Florida. She sent me a message like in South Africa. Um one of our brother was kidnapped. She's 15 years old. She was leaving uh to for school in the morning at 7 a.m. something like that. She never return. She never returned home. So the brother the the brother and the wife made like a group calling all the believer to pray. That's how our sister from Florida sent me the message to to pray. When I heard that I was really really touched. I start I start crying. So I'm like hey I don't have to cry. After crying I need to go pray. So I went to pray. I said, "Lord, I know about the one I'm give a testimony where a certain man lost a his car and you send the angel to get this car." I said, "Father, please if you can do something, go get that that daughter of yours. She's our daughter. Do something." So, we waited. We waited. We keep praying. We keep praying. But when I finished praying, something happened. Something that I know like a certain piece came to me. I spoke to the sister that sent me the message. I said they going to find her. So I told my kids my children, let's pray too so we can find this uh sister of us. She's 15 years old. So we waited yesterday as I opened the the status. I was watching our sister's uh who sent me the message. I was watching her status. She posted she has been found. She she's safe. She's in good health. Nothing happened to her. So I cried. I thank God for that. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Thank the name of the Lord be praised tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you saints. So we moved to this uh apartment in preparation for something that we are going to do next year and uh we had a key and the keys it has a a for the doi the mail key and the for. So last week, Monday, my husband dropped me to work because he had to take his car to something to be done on his car. And I was sitting on the passenger side, he's he drove the car. So I went to work. Coming back, he had to pick me and I couldn't find that key. And we looked all over. We we removed everything that we knew to remove in that car. we couldn't find the key at work at I mean everything I announced it so in the process we were praying so that is Monday Tuesday Wednesday Friday now in between this time um I usually uh help my brother with his children's school fees but he did something to me that I didn't like so I said now until you do this I'm not going to pay the school fees but I know But then my husband kept on saying, "But the the child didn't do anything wrong." I said, "No, they've taken advantage of me so long. All these years, I'm not doing it." So that Friday, I just thought and I said, "You know what? Let me just go ahead and pay the school fees." So I paid the school fees and as I was leaving work I got into my car and as if it was a force I just went in between in between the car and the console my hand just went down like that and I'm like Lord five grace and he was just waiting for me to do the right thing. I I'm so glad I just I just started crying in that parking lot there. I knelt down. I raised my hands up. I kept on crying. I called one of my sisters and I was just crying. He said, "No, no, no. Stop, stop, stop." I said, "No, no, no. This is too good. I can't even hold my tears." So, I want to thank God for that. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you, Lord God, for bringing these circumstances in our lives, Lord God, where we can express, Lord, what you're doing in us, Lord God. Father, you are teaching us, Lord God, is an reaction to an action, Father. Lord, and it's being displayed now, Lord, in the lives of your children, Lord. It's a blessing, Lord, to those that can hear, Lord God. Father, we thank you, Lord God, for an opportunity, Lord God, to come and worship you and praise you and give you thanks, Lord, together on one accord, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord God, for our precious brother Josh. Lord God, you moving him, Lord God, to stick with it, heavenly father. Lord, in all the different situations, Father, that no one knows but himself, Lord God. Lord, you led him and you guided him, Lord God, and you establish him, Lord God, to achieve the goal, Lord God. And we give you thanks for that, Father, for it's not an easy feat in the time that we live, Lord God. So, we don't want to take that lightly, Lord. Lord God, bless him in a mighty way, Lord God. provide for him, Lord God, what he desires in his heart, Lord God, that he might glorify you therein, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord God, and we pray, Lord Jesus Christ, for the little girl, Lord, that's having a seizures, Lord God. We know, Lord God, that these circumstances, they come upon us, Lord God, so you can prove your word, Lord God. Bless the baby, Lord God. What can a child do at that age, Father. Lord, they're still in the age of accountability, Lord God. And Lord, you're teaching us now, Father, that these things are done that you might be glorified, Lord God. Father, your word is being made flesh and we give you thanks for it, Lord Jesus. And Father, we pray, Lord God, for the unspoken request, Lord God, and the prayer, Lord, that I can't remember right now, Lord God, but you know all things, Father. Lord, we pray, Lord God, for the tithes and offerings, Lord God, and the remainder of the service, Lord God, that you use it for off for the further of your kingdom, Lord God, and bless the continuation, Lord God, of the building in the back, Lord God. Well, we ask you these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Amen. We have three specials tonight. Amen. We invite Sister Zad. Amen. To give us the first special. Amen. [Music] Amen. God bless you saints. [Music] Behold Jehovah seated on the throne. [Music] Aba Father, the will that overflows, the God who was and is and shall be forever more. Holy is the Lord. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. Behold the [Music] way the truth and the light. [Music] Perfect Savior, the blood that washes white, the God who was and is and shall be forever more. Holy the Lord. Amen. Amen. Blessing and glory and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Holiness has a name and is Jesus. Victory has a name and is Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. If you believe it, sing it with me. Holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Amen. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. [Applause] Amen. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Applause] blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. And amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. We have a second special. Amen. We're going to invite Sister Yok. Amen. She's going to sing and after that the choir is going to sing. Amen. So while she's going to end the choir is just going to come up stage and then we do the two songs together. Amen. So um [Music] Send it on down. Send it on down, Lord. Let the Holy Ghost come on down. Oh, send it on down. Send it on down, Lord. Let the Holy Ghost come on down. Sing. Send it on down. Send it on down. Oh Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on down. Send it on down. Send it on now. Lord and the Holy Ghost. Come on now. Lord, we're your children. And we are asking for you to send the fire down. Our hearts are hungry. Our spirits are thirsty. We need to feel your power now. Just like the prophet, he said it would be in these last days. An uppouring we'd see. Yes, we are waiting. We're anticipating. Lord, won't you send your Holy Ghost down? Send it on. Sing. Send it on down. Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on down. Send it on down. Come on down, Lord. Let the Holy Ghost come on down. We have been quickened and we're awakened by the God that dwells in us over a mystery. Now we see clearly as he stands before us. Just like the prophet, he said it would be in the last days and pouring with. Yes, we are waiting. We're anticipating. Won't you send your Holy Ghost down the Holy Ghost down it down the Holy Ghost send it on down. Send it on down. Send it on down. Oh Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on down. Send it on down. Send it on down. Lord, let the Holy Ghost come down. Send it. Send it on down. Send it on down. Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on down. Send it on. Send it on down. Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on. Lord, Lord, let the Holy Ghost one more time. Lord, Lord, let the Holy Ghost come on now. Amen. And amen. Amen. You can the crowd regroup quickly. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Glory to [Music] God. Praise God. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] This in the morning in Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun go down. Love him. Love him. Love him. Love him in the morning. Love him. Love you when. Trust him. Trust him. Trust him in the morning. Let's give [Music] [Music] him the morning. [Music] You go down. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus in the morning. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the new time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when his sun goes. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Love you when the sun falls down. Love you when you fall down. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise him when the sun goes down. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We're just we're just going to continue with that and invite brother Steven to the pulpit. Amen. So, we are all going to stand up and sing the same song. Amen. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the night. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the sun goes down. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him in the morning. Praise him in the good time. Praise him. Praise him. Praise him when the [Music] love him in the morning. Love him in the time. Love him. Love him. Love him when the sun goes down. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus is the morning. Jesus is a new. Hallelujah. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. with the son of God. Bless him. Bless him. Bless him. Bless him in the morning. Bless him in the time. Bless him. Bless him. Bless him when the sun. Glory to God. Amen. Blessing in the morning, blessing in the blessing all the way, all day. Blessing. Amen. Glory. Glory. Glory. What a convention with the choir singing. Whoa. Glory to God. That was wonderful. Let's give the Lord a big clap of I was telling somebody last night, I say it's even good not to go to church. You just can't wait. You're having a good time in church. Praise God. Glory to God. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, both visible and invisible audience. Amen. any family member here. God richly bless you and welcome to Spoken Word Tabernacle to our convention on Wednesday. Amen. Now remember, we got a married couple meeting on the on Saturday and it's going to be your Mother's Day celebration will be on the in the married couple meetings. Are we together? Amen. So we see you in married couple meeting for married couple meeting and Mother's Day. I thought it's going to be a surprise for Joshua. Brother Seth already spoil everything and even put me on a tight spot and a trusty pushing me like that. So it's uh it's the Holy Ghost. It is the Lord. There is no way we can see our children accomplishing so great of a thing and we act like nothing. If you think it's nothing, go to school and graduate. Then you will learn that if somebody did it, it is the grace of God. And when one member rejoice, we rejoice with him together. Amen. Remember the church need Mary and Martha. Amen. Oh, what a balance in the scripture. Unbelievable. Glory. Glory. Glory. Martha. Martha. Say, "I know." You move this way. She say, "I know." And I know in the past, I know in the present, I even know in the future. So Martha became the same yesterday. Ah, let me leave it alone today. And uh know her faith is the same yesterday, today and forever. Because when I say martyr became, you will have a problem. But you you don't understand that you a messiah. Amen. Brother Charles is a man. I am a man. So what he has I have. So if you a godmen You need to believe in God qualities that goes with a God. Amen. We're not just God by word. We are God by a life. Oh glory, glory, glory. God spoke his word and he believed his own word. That's what brother Brandham says. So if I speak my word, I must believe my word. And brother Brandham went further. He say him and his word they are one. So when you speak with revelation in other words you don't open up until you know what you're doing. And when you say it you came back up. You need to stand with what you already spoke. That's a characteristic of God. Because when God speak he won't change it. Oh glory glory glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Congratulations, brother Josh. I can't wait now for the next step. [Laughter] And he blended right. You going to start courtship. [Laughter] There is no more excuse now. You already fulfilled PhDs. You can do it if you want to, but we already somewhere by the grace of God. Amen. So, Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. So, I I I'm just going to say it because I say, you know what? He's going to have his graduation on the 10th and we have the 10th uh married couple meeting and everything will be decorated and food is there. I say, "What a minute. You don't need another party. Just come there. Just jump in that married couple meeting before we start the married couple meeting. We will have the Mother's Day, the married couple meeting, and the graduation party right there. So, we seal everything. Amen. Do you see how how Jehovah Jara worked things up? The Lord have provided a free party, a free venue, a free decoration, everything for free. All you have to do is just show up. and we take you to the backdrop and take pictures and WhatsApp. You have it. Oh, I'm celebrating what God have done. [Music] If you need quote, if you have a problem with that, my gun is uh is is trembling to fire and so so leave my gun alone because we have caught. Let him congratulation buddy. If you want to continue, continue more. Amen. But we pray God that as soon as you get there to give a great job and reap the benefit. Amen. Of God have done. It's wonderful to have in the church those that are handymen, those that went to school, those that can work with hand. All of us need one another. If I have a lawyer in the church, he makes my life easy. If I have a doctor in the church, he makes my life easy. So, I have somebody that I can go and trust. I have a nurse. I will go talk to the nurse. I have a I mean a chiropractor. I'm going to do a chiropractor. I have a [Applause] dentist. I have a builder. I have a a contractor. I want to have all of that right here. I'm not I mean, we appreciate the fellowship between the churches. We appreciate the brother helping us. But I was talking to the young man meeting the last one on uh when we were talking about finances. I say if some of you were builders, we would have done the contract with you. That's and you get the deal and the same way we paying a builder from somewhere else, we would have hand you the money. That's it. That's it. Amen. So if you want to be an accountant, be it. You want to be a nurse, be it. You want to be if you have a problem with a nurse. I got a quote. And then if you want to be a lawyer, be a lawyer. If you want to be whatever, whatever you want to be a businessman, be a good businessman. Amen. Amen. We need Mary and Martha. Amen. Somebody will say here, stay here and say amen. But men shall not live by bread. That is Mary Martha. But by every that's Mary. So when we are amening here, somebody's outside listening and preparing the food. So when you leave here, you go there, you find the food, you praise God for the word, and you praise God for the food. We happy. Amen. Amen. Amen. This is what God, it's the Lord's doing. And God put that in the word so that his children will understand later on. Amen. Probably you have now been under somebody who who who rip money out of you. Then you will appreciate a brother who's doing something. Amen. You go to somebody and take money out of you and you go to a brother and the brother say no brother Stephen you were supposed to be this this this this type of work. You can do it for this. Then you will appreciate a brother doing work and you know that it's a brother who's doing that. He's he's going to do it with a whole heart because he's doing it because this world is going crazy. So appreciate one another, support one another and help one another. Amen. So it's a convention. I won't be preaching. Brother Charles Hamilton third is the one preaching. You heard him on fire on Sunday already. So he's ready to fly. Amen. Praise God. So, let's go. We fondly believe. Oh, believe. Yes, sir. Oh, we [Music] believe. All things are possible. Holy believe. Only believe. Ally believe. All things are possible. only [Music] believe is here. Jesus is near. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus. [Music] Amen. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. Amen. Wonderful. That was a a wonderful praises y'all were giving to the Lord. You know, it was it was wonderful. You just hearing it, you know, it was really really good. Um I went to uh greet the church. Uh, God bless you guys. Um, I know you guys came sacrificed your time. You know, I know I had a busy week. You know, don't know what's going on, but y'all came to the right place. Amen. Amen. Um, I like to thank brother Stephen. Amen. For opening the church up, Amen. to allow me to preach. Amen. It's a great honor. Amen. And, um, I would like to start with our opening scripture. Amen. is going to be uh 1st Samuel 3 verse 1 to2 and then we're going to jump to chapter 7 and get there say amen are we there amen reads and the child Samuel ministered unto the Lord before Eli and so Sam was a prophet Amen And Eli, he's not a prophet, but he's a priest. Amen. And the word of the Lord was precious in those days. There was no open vision. And it came to So what what is that saying is that there was another scripture in the in in the Bible that says that the Lord will bring a famine in the land, a famine of the word. Amen. And we know that in this time, Amen. We'll just continue reading. It says, "And it came to pass at that time when Eli was laid down in his place and his eyes began to wax dim that he could not see." Amen. And we know seed goes with light with your vision. Amen. And we know that in this time, this literacy in church age is the darkest time that there is. Amen. Amen. And and brother brother Benham talked about how the priest Amen. And in this lity and time, it's it's the it's the fault of of a of of a weak of weak pullpit. Amen. Yes, sir. And we know that Eli was he was he wasn't he was turning his his head from his son's iniquities. Amen. That's right. That's right. Amen. So, now we're going to jump to chapter chapter 7. Yes, sir. Amen. And we're going to be in chapter seven for the majority of this sermon. Amen. And we're going to start at verse We're going to start at verse two. Amen. And it reads, "And it came to pass while the ark abode and and killed Jath Girum." Amen. That the time was long, for it was 20 years, and all the house of the Lord lamented after the Lord. House of Israel lamented after the Lord. And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, "If you" So, this is a prophet speaking now. It says, "And Samuel spake unto all the house of Israel, saying, if you do return unto the Lord with all your hearts." Amen. What what did the prophet come to do? Amen. He said he said, "If you do return to the Lord with all your hearts, then put away the strange gods and from among you." And you know, we know who that is. Amen. That that's that's the false gods. And prepare your hearts unto the Lord and serve him only. And he will deliver you out of the hand of the Philistines. Amen. And it says, "And the children of Israel did put away Balam and Asharoth and serve the Lord only." Amen. And Samuel said, "This is the prophet speaking, gather all gather all Israel to Mispa." Amen. Mispa, and I will and I will pray for you unto the Lord. Amen. You may you may be seated. Amen. So the um I my title for today is gather at mispa. Amen. I um uh I was listening to a message and brother Ben Brandon was saying, you know, when you're trying to prepare a message, you know, how he said how a preacher ought to prepare a message is when they're reading their Bible and something strikes their heart, a word strikes them, you know, it's just take take that word and and go go behind a pulpit and the Lord will give the rest. Amen. So, so that's what I'm doing. Amen. Amen. And um and the Lord says something very powerful Sunday. He said, you know, when you see something, um, he was commenting on the the furlongs. He said, when you see something that you just usually would pass, you know, to pay attention to it. Yes, sir. Amen. So, I went back, you know, and I I started paying attention to the names of the places that we read in the scriptures. Amen. And when you look at the names of the places, you know, they're usually two words or a long word, you know, but they mean things. Amen. And they always name a place after something happens. Amen. That's right. Amen. and and and and um so I want to start with uh verse two um in chapter 7. It's um we look at when we're reading it, it says, "And it came to pass while the ark abode in Kirjath Gerham." Amen. So I stopped there and I said, "What does that word mean?" Amen. So I went and and I found out that Kirjaf Gerham is also called Bala or Kirajath Baal. Amen. We know every time we see Baal, Amen, we know that's referencing to Balum. Amen. And we know that was a false god. Amen. And and the the term the the definition of the word itself is city of forest. Amen. It's we know a forest is a wilderness. And we know the wilderness types the world. Amen. And we know that the Lord says that you cannot serve God in a mammon. Amen. So then, you know, because I've been reading Samuel and you go and you read the book of Samuel up to this point, you see that what was going on was that they they were they were um they they they were disrespecting God and how they were going they were uh living after the other gods. Amen. Because we see that when the Philistines came, Amen. when they first fought the Philistines, um because so Samuel went Oh, I'm sorry. I I'll go back. I'll go back. So, let's go to um let's go let's go to uh to 1 Samuel. Let's go to let's go to let's go to three. Let's go to three. Amen. Amen. And we're going to let's start at uh verse 10. Amen. And it says, "And the Lord came and stood and called as other time, Samuel." Samuel. Then Samuel answered, "Speak for thy servant heareth." Amen. And the Lord said to Samuel, "Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of everyone that hearth it shall tingle, and in that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house. When I begin, I will also make an end. For I have told him that I will judge his house forever for the iniquity which he knoweth." Amen. Because his sons, they were they were sleeping with the with with the uh with with the with the women in in in the church. Amen. Amen. and and they and they were taking more than they ought to eat when they were giving offerings. Amen. Amen. That Amen. Amen. And so we see that what was going on was that, you know, they weren't doing right. And we know that, you know, you can't expect God to to back you up when you're not doing right. Amen. Amen. And and so if you go to uh chapter 4, Amen. Uh 1st Samuel 4. Amen. If you go to if you go to uh go to verse 7, Amen. And it reads, it reads that, "And the Philistines were afraid, for they said, God has come into the camp, and they said, "Woe unto us, for there have not been such a thing before. Woe unto us. Who shall deliver us out of the hands of these mighty gods." Amen. Who are they talking about? They're talking about the Israelites. Amen. They're calling them gods because they were children of God, were they not? Amen. They were they were the children of God. But in in this in this mo in this instance that we're talking about right now, they weren't doing right. Amen. that they were they were uh they were discussing the God's law. Amen. And and um and so see even the even others know who you are. Amen. So and even when you're doing wrong, even when you're um not when you're doing wrong, that doesn't take away from who you are. Amen. Because it says that it says that um these are the gods that smoke the Egyptians and all the plagues in the wilderness. Amen. And then as we as we drop down, we see that um they ended up they ended up slaying them. the the Philistine it says verse 10 it says and the Philistines fought and Israel was smitten and they fled every man into his tent and there was a very great great slaughter for their fellow fell of Israel 30,000 footmen amen so and so we see that the Israel the Israelites when they came against the Philistines they lost amen and and I want to go to back to verse verse seven I mean chapter seven I'm sorry and we see that Kiraf Jirum where the ark was. Amen. This is after they took the ark from the Israelites. And then they then then because the Lord started um uh uh hitting them with plagues. So they returned it back. Amen. But they returned to the wrong place. They returned it to Kirjath Gerham which is a city of forest. Amen. They were still doing wrong. They they weren't uh they were still uh not right with God. Amen. And then Samuel says uh gather to Mispa. Amen. And what does mispa mean? Amen. Misbah means watchtower. Amen. So this is the prophet telling them to come to the watchtowwer. Amen. And what happened there? What did they do? Amen. And in in chapter verse six it says, "And they gathered together to mispos. They were obedient and they drew water and poured it out before the Lord." And so what so I'm getting to that later. It says, "And fasted on that day and said there, we have sinned against the Lord. And Samuel judged the children of of of Israel in Mispa. Amen. So this is they were they were judged there as well. Amen. And I want to read I want to read a quote from brother Brandham in the letting off the pressure 1962. This is uh this is paragraph 34. He says his name is a tower a great mighty tower of refuge. Amen. Such a ch such a tower that when we come into it he gives us this assurance. Ask the father anything in the great name of this tower. It'll be given to you. Watch it. Come into it. Be born into it. Amen. Then ask the father anything you want to in that name and watch him honor. Amen. What kind of a tower? A tower of refuge. Amen. See what what were what were the cities of refuge made for? It was made for those who were unrighteous. Amen. Who who who who committed sins. Amen. Amen. And this said and this says um that we can go in there and that the word the Lord is the word. Amen. So, so he's also showing us that that the tower, this tower of refuge is also the word. Amen. And in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. He says again, if he abide in me, he says the tower, my word abide in you. Now, that's when you're on the inside, not when you're on the outside looking in, but when you're in here looking out. See, if you abide in me, my words abide in you. You can ask what you will, it will be done for you. Amen. And I want to read some um some some verses from from the Bible. It says in Proverbs 18:10, it says, "The name of the Lord is your strong tower. The righteous runth into it and is safe." Amen. In Acts 4:12, it says, it says, "Neither is there salvation in any other, for there is none other name under heaven given unto men, whereby we must be saved." Amen. In Hebrews, Hebrews 10:1 19-23, it says, "Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus, by a new and living way, which we have which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh, and having an high priest over the house of God." Amen. And we know, Amen. And let us draw near with a true heart and full assurance of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from all evil conscience, and our bodies washed with pure water. Let us hold fast to the profession of our faith without wavering. Amen. Amen. And I want to go to um another another quote where brother Brandham says in a former and latter reign in 1960. He says we have a watchman. Amen. A watchman that climbed the ramparts of glory. The Holy Spirit was sent back to towering men and women who would believe God. Amen. He says that's the watchman. The Holy Spirit. Amen. To send us uh sent to us as a watchman and watches over us. He is our guardian. The Holy Spirit was led to men to be watchmen over our soul. Exactly right. Amen. Men wasn't to watch one another. It was the Holy Spirit to watch over us. Amen. Amen. Oh, forgive me. Forgive me. I didn't I didn't believe I prayed. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Um I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Um I'm sorry. Let's let's pray. Amen. Forgive me. Amen. Father God, we come to you humbly, Lord God. Father God, we ask forgiveness, Father God, of our sins, of our shortcomings. Father God, of our iniquities, Lord God. Father God, we pray, Father God, that your will be done, Father God, not our will, Lord God. Father God, we pray, Father God, we came here to hear from you, Lord God, not to hear from me, Lord God. Father God, we pray, Lord God, that you, Lord God, come down, Father God, and give us a revelation of what you're saying, Father God. You know what your children need, Father God. You know what they want, Father God. You know what you know what's good for them, Father God. Father God, may you give them, Father God, what they need of, Father God. May be correction, Father God. May it be uplifting, Father God. May you provide it, Lord God. And Father God, we love you, Father God. Father God, abound every deont you've been forced, Father God, of religion, Father God, I bind every demon you've been forced, Father God, of fear, Father God, of of any anything may that that may rise up against your word, Father God. The God, I bind in the name of Jesus Christ, and I cast it out, Father God, every demon of slumber, Lord God. Father God, may we be attentive to your word, Lord God, in Jesus Christ's name we pray, Father God, we love you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Um, now we're going to go to Revelation chapter 4 number two in 1961. Uh, Brother Brandham says, "Now what is a man? He's a triune being. Body, soul, spirit." How many knows that? Watch God's approach. What is his heart? You remember my message. God chose a man's heart for his control tower. Amen. Devil chose his head for the control tower. See, he makes him see things. Look through his eyes. But God in his heart makes him believe things that he cannot see. Amen. See, God is in his heart. The heart of man is the throne of God. Amen. And we know that the ark, the ark of the Lord, um the the ark of the covenant is as well is his throne. Amen. And the ark is in the throne of man. Amen. Amen. So he says in the works of faith expressed, brother Brennham says when it's directed from the inside, it throws all it throws all the rest of it together. That's the godpost. Amen. That's the control tower, the inside of the inside. The soul controls the spirit. The spirit controls the body. Amen. And and and and in and countdown, brother Bam says the spiritual now astronaut has a control tower. He says he says now it's down here. He said it's not down there like a man is. It's up there. Amen. It's the Holy Ghost that's in him that's controlling him. A tower of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's under control. Keeps him in control by the word. Amen. Now, not in a bunch of fanaticism, some whooped up nonsense, but thus saith the Lord. Amen. And it happens. It's always under control. Amen. He's got a control tower. That's the Holy Ghost. Amen. And the word is his program. And he lays right into that program. And the power of the Holy Ghost endows him to move out. And it brings the achievement that God wants to be achieved for his people that he might fulfill what he promised. Amen. Amen. And um I want to I want to uh uh um uh clarify something as well. Amen. That um we see when when we're reading Amen. When we read this, it says uh Samuel said, "Gather all Israel to Mispa." Amen. Now, we know when we read in other places, we have Elias and we have Elijah. Amen. So, you see how they're spelled two different ways, but they mean the same thing. Amen. If you go to Genesis 31, Amen. We see that is misb a. Amen. And and it means the same thing. It means watchtower as well. And as I was reading it, I saw something else in there that, you know, I believe the Lord wanted me to see. Amen. It was that um I I want try to see it also. Amen. Let's go to Genesis 31. Going go to Genesis Genesis 31 of verse 44. Amen. And remember, we're talking about the watchtowwer. Amen. Chapter 31 verse 44. Yes, sir. When you say there, when we get there, say amen. Amen. Okay. Now, what this is, this story is is covering when uh Jacob when Laban, you know, uh uh tricked Jacob into giving him Leah. Amen. And then he gave him Rachel. Amen. And so, this is just so you know the context of what's going on. Amen. And verse uh verse 44, it says uh let's go back one one one verse, verse 43. And Laban answered and said unto Jacob, "These daughters are my daughters. These children are my children, and these cattle are my cattle. and all that thou seeth is mine. What can I do this day unto thee my daughters or unto unto these my daughters or unto their children which I have born? Amen. Because Jacob was trying to leave. Amen. And he says, "And now therefore, and something had to happen before he could leave." Amen. He says in verse 44, it says, "Now therefore, come now, let us make a covenant." Amen. And I in thou, I and you. And let it be for a witness between me and you. Amen. Now, let's drop to verse 47. It's uh he says it says and Laban called it jear uh jeggar sa sah sahadua and Jacob called it galed. Amen. These these means a heap for a witness. They they both mean the same thing heap the heap of witness. Amen. And we go and we continue in verse 48. It says and Laban said this heap is a witness between me and you this day. Therefore uh therefore was the name of it called Gallid. And 49 says in mispa. Amen. For he said, "The Lord watch between me and you when we are absent from one another." Amen. If thou shall afflict my daughters or if thou shalt take other wives beside my daughters, no man, he says, "No man is with us." See, God is witness between me and you. Amen. And in chapter 5, in verse 55, it says, "And early in the morning, Laban rose up and kissed his sons and his daughters and blessed them. And Laban departed and returned unto his place." Amen. What I wanted to get out of this was what I saw was that um Mispa was also a witness. Amen. So it's a watchtower and it's a witness. Amen. And and the purpose of it was that he couldn't uh Jacob couldn't leave until Laban blessed his marriage. Amen. So at Mispa the marriage was blessed. Amen. Amen. And and also um he says who and who blessed that marriage? The father blessed the marriage. Laban blessed that marriage. the father and it was a private meeting. Amen. Because if you if if you go back in verse 25, you know, uh Msba was the place where the contract was sealed. Amen. Now, if if you go to if you if you go to verse 25, you could see, okay, exactly where. Amen. And 25 says, then Laban took overtook Jacob. Now, Jacob had pitched his tent in the mount. What mount? We don't know. And Laban with his brethren pitch in the mount of Gilead. So this happened in the mount of Gilead. Amen. And the prophet tells us in uh in the bomb and there's bomb in Gilead in 1954. He says GGilead is the church. Amen. So so this was a meeting between the father of of the bride and the and the bridegroom. A secret meeting. It was just them two at that meeting. Amen. It it was just them. Amen. And and when they have that meeting, Amen. They made a contract. He said, "If you take any other wife, you can't take no one else." Amen. You're stuck with with this wife right here. Amen. Amen. See, he said, "You can't take no one else." Amen. And and it it it was it was a it's a secret meeting. Amen. And and and and it it was a blessing when I read that. Amen. And and um Amen. Amen. And I want to continue. I want to go back to uh to to Samuel Samuel 1st Samuel uh 7. Amen. 1st Samuel chapter 7. And we're going to continue in verse six. And it says, "And they gathered to mispa and drew water." Amen. I want to I I want to stop there with drew water. Okay. What is happening? Why are they drawing water? Amen. What What is meant? You know, because we know that, you know, the the Bible is a book of types, book of Revelation. Amen. What did this mean when they were drawing water? Amen. And if you go to Psalm 62, it says, "And God is my salvation and my glory, the rock of my strength, and my refuge is in God." And in verse 8, it says, "Trust in him at all times, ye people. Pour out your heart before him. God is a refuge for us." Salah. Amen. So they're at the refuge. They're at Mispa. Amen. And they're pouring out their heart to him. Amen. And it's then and then in in Sam 2 Samuel 14:14 it says for we must needs die and are as waters spilled on the ground which cannot be gathered up again. Neither neither does God respect any person yet doth he devise any means that his banish be not expelled from him. Meaning this is God's provided way. You can't get past this. Amen. So when you're at Mispa, amen, when you're at the watchtowwer, when you're at that witness place, amen, you have to pull yourself out unto God. Amen. And you have to die to yourself. Amen. And in Joel 2:11-13, it says, "And the Lord shall utter his voice before his army, for his camp is very great, for he is strong and executable. Who can abide it? Therefore also now sayaith the Lord, turn ye even to me with all your heart, and with fasting, with weeping, with mourning." It says, "Ren your heart and not your garments, and turn unto the Lord your God, for he is gracious and merciful and slow to anger." Amen. And the signs of his coming in 1962, Brother Brigham says, "What we need is to get back to the word. Get back to the real word of God." Amen. And then I'm dropped down. He says, "But you got to stay right there with the word and believe it. Not just slip over here this way and that way and say, I'll peck and try." You don't do that. You've got to come with a whole heart. Amen. Amen. And to continue in verse seven, it says, so after they poured out their heart, amen, after they listened to the prophet, he told them what to do, he gave them the instructions on how to do it. Amen. And uh in verse 7, it says, "And when the Philistines heard that the children of Israel were gathered together at Mispa." Amen. The lords of the Philistines went up against Israel. And when the children of Israel heard it, they were afraid of of the Philistines. Amen. So what I saw here was that they lost the ark due to their iniquity. Amen. But then but then they went to Misbah and they got back right with God. Amen. And after you get back right with God, Amen. that same enemy that thought they had you, they have to come back. Amen. And they have to come back and try you to see your they have to try that revelation that you get that you got now. Amen. See, so and and uh and because he has to come back and test you. Amen. And in Luke 11:21-26, Amen. Uh it says when a strong man arm keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace. But when the stronger than he shall come upon him and overcome him, he taketh him from all his armor wherein he trusted and divideth his spoils. He that is not with me is against me. And he not and he that gather gatherth not with me scatterth. And when the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places seeking rest and find none. He saith, I will return to my house when I come out. Amen. So after you've already after that that that demon is gone, it has to try to come back. Amen. After you've made yourself right with God, amen, it has to come back and test you. Amen. He says when he cometh, he find it swept and garnished. Amen. The strong man is in the house now. He can't come back. Amen. Amen. It's like when you have a a lease on a house and you can't go back. The lease is done. It's not it's not for you no more. Amen. Amen. And and um to to continue on. Amen. uh and to speak to the rock and there shall be it shall give forth his water in 1960. Uh brother Brennham says um brother Benham says and when they when they saw the Red Sea he's talking about he he's talking about um Israel again. Amen. He says when they saw the Red Sea that was laying the path of duty. Amen. They were on the road marching then come out. There was a pillar of fire before them and they marched on to the Red Sea. And when they got there right in the line of duty laid an obstacle. Amen. First thing you know, fear struck them. So, because you see that I was trying to figure out why did they get afraid? Amen. Because they just made themselves right with God. Amen. So, why are you getting afraid now? Amen. And and they got afraid. And then and brother Ben, he says that's the way people does today. Amen. When fear strikes them, when they're right in the path of duty, he says, "Listen, brother, let me say this. If you're walking in the light, having fellowship with God, with his people, and the Holy Spirit is upon you, and you meet the obstacle right in the path of duty, don't stop. Amen. Just keep pressing on. Amen. God will make your way through it. Amen. There, that's one of the greatest experiences in my life. Amen. That's the greatest experience of the prophet's life. Amen. And then um now we're going to continue. Amen. We're going to continue reading. Amen. And then it says in verse 8, "And the children of Israel said to Samuel, cease not to cry unto the Lord our God for us, for he will save us out of the hand of the Philistines." Amen. And Samuel took a sucking lamb. Amen. And offer it for a burnt offering holy unto the Lord. Amen. And Samuel cried unto the Lord for us. And the Lord heard him. Amen. And Sam, so we see that the offering was given. Amen. After they already made themselves right. Amen. And when I was reading this, I said, I thank God. Amen. that we had one offering and that's all we needed. Amen. We we we don't need multiple offerings. Amen. Amen. Amen. When it was a done deal, he said it was finished. Amen. Amen. And then and then uh verse 10 it says, "And as Samuel was offering up the burnt offering, the Philistines drew near to battle against Israel. But the Lord thundered with a great thunder on that day upon the Philistines and discomforted them. They were smitten before Israel." Amen. See, so in in verse 10, what I what I noticed was that after they made themselves right with God and then Satan came back to them. Amen. A thunder was opened. Amen. Amen. A thunder. Amen. And and what did it do? It discomed them. Amen. Disconfitted means to confuse. Amen. And we know that Satan can't understand the thunder. Amen. Amen. And and and and we know that. See, so the so the this thunder discomfeitted them. Amen. And we know that the revelation of the seventh seal discomits Satan. Amen. And and only the bride has the right to that revelation. Amen. Because that's what arms the bride. Amen. And and that's what arms the bride because if he understood it, if he could grasp it, then he would have been converted. But we know that he can't be converted. Amen. Amen. See, so so when I was reading that, I was like, isn't that something how you after you make yourself right with God, you have right to the thunder. Amen. You you have right of access to that. Amen. And we see they didn't do anything for it. It came, Father God, when um it came. Amen. And when the and when the the Philistines uh came to them, amen, they didn't have to do anything. Amen. God took care of it. Amen. And and and the and verse 11, it says, "And the men of Israel went out of Misbah." So after the thunder opened, amen, they were armed with the word. They got a stimulation of the revelation. Amen. And it says, and and they left. Amen. It says, "And the men of Israel went out of Mispa and pursued the Philistines." And what did they do? They smoked them until they came to Beth Carr. Amen. So what does Beth car mean? Beth car is sheep house. Amen. And it says they came under Beth Carr. Amen. And we know within the scriptures, it says that he will make your enemies your foottool. Amen. So, and we know that we are we are the sheep. We're tied as the sheep as well. Amen. And we also know that, you know, the sheep is ley and and we're supposed the Lord wants us to do something as well. Amen. So, so the Lord started started the battle. Amen. See, Jesus started the fight, but we have to continue the fight. Amen. Amen. Because he he took care of it at first when he opened the seal. Amen. And now it's up to us. Amen. To continue pursuing after the Philistines. Amen. Amen. And then um in verse 12 it reads, "And Samuel took a stone." Amen. So now he has a revelation. We know a stone that's a revelation. Amen. And set it between mispa and shen. Amen. So then I looked and I said, "So what does shen mean?" And shen means the tooth. I was okay. What does what does the tooth has to go with this? There's a re there's a revelation between there's a revelation between the watchtower and the tooth. So what what is connecting that? Amen. So, um, I was reading and and in Proverbs 25:19, it says, "Confidence in an unf," it says, I'm sorry, it says, "Confidence in an unfaithful man in the time of trouble is like a broken tooth." Amen. And a foot out of joint. Amen. So, so who is your confidence in? Amen. Cuz our God is faithful. Amen. Amen. See, see. Amen. So, we have a revel we have, we have a consolation, a revelation between a watchtower. Amen. Uh uh because when the enemy comes in like a flood, he will bring up a great standard against it. Amen. We have revelation between that and we have a revelation and we have revelation within the faithful man. Amen. Amen. And and and then as you continue reading it says and the name of it and and they call the name of it, the stone, the revelation of it, Ebenezer. Amen. And then Ebenezer is stone of hell. Amen. Because they realized that it wasn't us who did this. Amen. It was a God who came and did this. Amen. Amen. Amen. And and then um and then and then because we know we that there's a there's a revelation between that tower and that in the time of need, you know, we we can rely on on that faithful man. Amen. Amen. And uh to to continue in uh a testimony of the sea, brother Brandham says, he says, "Brethren, no matter what people say and how much anyone wants to disbelieve, I'm certain sure now after today that we're not following a faker." Amen. We're following nothing less than God. Amen. For no man can do what he did unless it was God. Amen. I knew that. I knew that could have been no less than Jehovah because he acted like Jehovah did. Only Jehovah can create. Amen. And I know that that man is not a faker. There there's only one creator and that's Jehovah. And out of all the things I've seen that satisfied me. Amen. I want you to know now that my heart is completely surrendered. Amen. So what I got out of that was that was that that we're that God is not a faker. Amen. So when we have that revelation of him being that faithful man. Amen. Because we have because when when when something happens in the scriptures is always a memorial that that follows behind it. And the memorial they took was that stone. Amen. And so we're going to continue reading and it says, "So the Philistines were subdued and they came no more in the coast of Israel." Amen. So after the showdown happened, Amen. that the the Philistines were finally subdued. They came no more into the coast. They were abandoned and they can't they they knew not to mess with this person no more. Amen. Amen. And we see that um that you know the devil now has to come no more. Amen. Because a strong man is in the house now. Amen. We know that the house is your heart. Amen. We know that the devil's been his lease expired and it's time to move out. Amen. And and we're going to continue reading and it says that um they came no more into the coast of Israel and the hand of the Lord was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel. Amen. And and then continue reading and it says the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel. Amen. So after they overtook the Philistines, there was a restoration that followed. Amen. And it says that and it says that um is that from Echron even unto Gath. Amen. the coast in the coast thereof did Israel deliver out of the hands of the Philistines and there was peace between Israel and the Amorites. So then I went back and I said okay Lord so what does Echron mean? Amen. So I I looked at echon it means eradication. Amen. So after the Philistines were eradicated. Amen. They went to they were eradicated even unto Gath. Amen. And uh I stay on Echron for a second. So in 1st Samuel 175 52 um Echron pops up again. Amen. And this is after David slew Goliath. In verse 52 it says, "And the men of Israel and of Judah arose and shouted." So after they defeated the Philistines, we see a a a continuity between these these uh chapters. Amen. We see that the men of Israel and of Judah arose and shouted and pursued the Philistines. It says until they came into the valley into the gates of Echron. Amen. and wounded of the Philistines and fell down by the way to Shyam even unto Gath and unto Achron. So there's Gath again. Echron and Gath are always together. Amen. And then Amos 1 and Amos 1 and8 it reads and I will cut off the inhabitant from Ash died and him that holdeth the scepter from Ashcolon and I will turn my hand against Echron and the remnant of the Philistines shall perish sayith the Lord God. Amen. So we see that Lord is is serious about eradicating this Echrron. Amen. And in Zephaniah 2:4 it says, "For Gaza shall be forsaken and Ashcolon a desolation." And she says, "They shall drive out Ashdod at the noon day and Echron shall be rooted up." Amen. And so we see that that Echron is means eradication. And we see how the Lord is proving it through his word. Amen. And then I went to Gath and Gath means wine press. Amen. And we know that that wine is stimulation of revelation. Amen. And so we so now we see that once that Satan has been eradicated. Amen. There's a revelation that follows it. Amen. There's there's a wine that comes afterwards. Amen. And we know that there's a it's a scarecrow. Amen. We know that whenever there's a scarecrow, there's a revelation. Amen. Amen. And Amen. And um so just to go over Amen. We saw that um in verse in verse 5 we see that Samuel the prophet is telling them to gather at gather at Misbah. Amen. And just to recap, Amen. Misbah Misbah means a watchtowwer. Amen. And then after they left the watch the watchtowwer. Amen. They um it says um it it says in verse 7 that the Philistines heard heard they were gathered at Misb. We know that uh the Satan came back. Amen. Satan tried to um try them again. Amen. And then um we see also that um the that the children of Israel they were they were afraid. Amen. And that they were afraid because as a prophet showed us that Amen. that when the enemy comes in amen uh uh people today they still get afraid. Amen. And and that um and that and that they asked them they asked uh the God to deliver them out of the hand of the Philistines. And after amen they uh and and after and after they um the Lord they the Lord heard their prayers. Amen. Um the the uh the Lord brought down the thunder. Amen. To help them out. Amen. He he discomed them and discomed Satan. Amen. And we know that that's to the bride. Amen. And then we go into um verse 11 to where the men of Israel went into Mispa and pursued the Philistines and smelled them until they came under Beth Carr. Amen. And we know that Beth Carr was Beth Carr was the God showing us that he wants us to he wants us also to um to work as well. Amen. And that he'll make the enemies our foottool. Amen. And they took a stone. Amen. And and uh set it between Mispa and Shen. Amen. And Misbah we know. Amen. Is a is a watchtower. And Shen was the tooth of of of a faithful man. Amen. And they came into Ebenezer which was a stone of hell. Amen. And then um and then and then saying uh hi there too. The Lord hath helped us. And we continue reading again. It says, "So the Philistines were subdued and they came the more to the coast of Israel and the hand of the Lord was against the Philistines all the days of Samuel." And then we continue and it says, "The cities were the cities which the Philistines had taken from Israel were restored to Israel." Amen. From Echron, which is eradication to Gath. Amen. Which is the wine press, the revelation. Amen. And the coast in the coast of the Israel delivered out of the hands of Philistines. There was peace between the Philistines and the Amorites. Amen. And there's a a quote I wanted to read that um brother Benham says. He says in the token in 1964 he says if God had spoken to me back before the foundation of the world when I was a thought in his mind and so were you. And he said what age would you want to live in? He said right now. Amen. This is the most glorious time there is. Believe it won't you? Amen. Because we see this is the time that the Lord chose us to live in. Amen. There's no other time to where we were able to express these things that the Lord is showing us in the Bible. Amen. We can't we won't be able to express misper won't be able to express the the wine press express Amen the the the faithful man unless it was in this time. Amen. Because in those times where there were former times amen and they didn't have the full they couldn't look in the word like we can today. Amen. Because how the prophet has given us the keys to open the book and and we can't go into the word. We we couldn't have gone into the word back then like we can today. Amen. And see these things to encourage us in the Lord. Amen. Amen. And Amen. And um and amen. So I just wanted to uh share this with you guys. Amen. As the Lord put it on my heart as I was reading, you know, my scriptures and I was curious of what this mispa meant. Amen. How the Lord wants us to gather here. Amen. And as we gather here, Amen. This is where the Lord, you know, uh um start this is where our journey starts. Amen. And and after the journey starts, Amen. that's when the fight comes afterwards. Amen. Amen. And um and and Amen. If that's all the Lord wanted me to say. Amen. Um, I'm not gonna I'm not going to try. I'm not going to force it. Amen. Um, that's all the Lord wanted to wanted to hear. Amen. So, um, so, so, uh, yeah, I'm not I'm not, uh, I'm I'm not going to, uh, add man's words to this. Amen. That's all God wanted y'all to hear. So, uh, uh, Amen. So, um, as we can, we can pray. Amen. Amen. Uh, Father God, we come unto you humbly, Lord God, Jesus Christ. Father God, we thank you, Father God, for a simple message, Lord God, Jesus Christ. Father God, Lord God, Father God, we thank you, Father God, for your grace, your love, your mercy, Lord God. Father God, we know, Lord God, Father, that you teach us, Father God, to not, Father God, to lean on our own understanding, Lord God. For you said, cursed is he, Father God, who who trusts in man, Lord God, and not in you, Father God. So, Father God, in all things we look up to you, Father God, we said we know that your ways are not our ways, Father God, and and your thoughts are not our thoughts, Lord God, Jesus Christ, Father God. So, Father God, Jesus Christ, I thank you, Father God, for Lord God, the word you've given your children, Father God. Father God, you know who needed it, Father God, and what they needed to hear, Lord God, Jesus Christ. Father God, so Father God, we put you first, Father God, between in in all things, Lord God. And Father God, we pray, Father God, I pray blessings over over this congregation, Lord God, over Brother Steven and the church, Lord God. Father God, I pray, Father God, that you continue, Father God, to bless them, Father God, and to bring them higher, closer to you, Lord God. For that's the goal, Lord God, Jesus Christ, Father God. for your prophet said, Father God, that all the preachers job is to do, Father God, is to show, Father God, that the that the fruits are real, Father God, to show that the fruits are real, Father God, and to bring your people closer to God, Father God. And that's all I'm here to do, Lord God. And Father God, we love you, Father God. We put you first amongst all things, Lord God. And Father God, I pray blessings over them, Father God, on the highways and the byways, Lord God, and the rest of this week, Lord God. And Lord God, Jesus Christ's name we pray, Lord. Amen. [Applause] Praise God. Amen. Gather together way and mispay. Amen. Or mispa or mispay. When you gather together and mispay. Amen. Israel sinned before the Lord and the they were they went farther away and the prophet came and the prophet always bring you back to the word and the prophet told them let's go and gather together and mispay when they gathered together and mispay the first thing they did the bible says that they draw water and the pour water before the lord which was a type of a drink offering that they giving unto the Lord And the Bible say that they fasted and as soon as they begin to pour the drink offering and they fasted before the Lord, guess what? The enemy heard it and the enemy begin to rise up again. So when you see the enemy begin to rise up in your life, when you start making things right, just know that it's a good sign. Whatever you doing is going is moving to the right direction. If you need to do some repenting, go ahead and repent. If you need to correct something, go ahead and correct it. But just notice, just remember that the enemy will rise up again to challenge you. But he's coming at the wrong moment because your repentance is just bringing you back in line so that you can smite him. And the Bible says that while Samuel was actually sacrificing unto the Lord, they attack Israel when they were in church. It's written in your Bible. They attack Israel when Israel was in church. That's the reason why the Lord himself step on and thunder from heaven and disconed them. Amen. So if somebody is attacking you on the post off duty when you are living your Christian life and doing what the Lord asked you to do and praying at your home and the devil trying to attack you, the battle is not yours. The battle is the Lord. The Lord will disiscons the Bible say the that thunder discom so that Israel can destroy them. So the thunder weakened the enemy but it strengthened the brother. So this message to us is a strength but to the enemy it's something that will weaken the enemy. That's why you cling to the word and to the message and always keep repentance in your life to bring everything back in order so that the Lord who's watching everything in your life even when you are not aware that an enemy is around God will discomfort your enemy because the Lord is your ebenezer up to this time the Lord will help you. He's a present help in the time of trouble. Amen. Amen. So stay strong. Everything is good. Let's keep going back to the word and moving on. The Lord is on our side. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we approaching you humbly tonight. Father, we thank you for your grace, for your love and your mercy and for everything you have been doing for us. Lord, thank you for speaking to our soul. And I don't know who need this misp tonight, Lord. Whether you might be here or Lord Father those that are online, they need to go back to the place where they can make things right. They can kindle again the fire of the Christian walk. Go back again to the daily sacrifice. Go back again to the fasting. Go back again to the praying. Go back again to the consecration. And I know the enemy will be upset. But this time, Lord Father, you have a purpose. And the purpose is not lord father to destroy Israel but to give him victory and to open up a way so that every city that has been taken by the devil by the Philistine everything that we have lost lord father throughout lord our journey now through lord father this experience at mispay we can lord father recuperate everything and take from the devil everything that he have taken from us lord father we commit everything unto thy hand protect us and remember your men's servant and give him strength Lord. Father Lord you help him with the test and the schooling Lord help him again Lord Father with his ministry Lord Father we are committing the church unto their hand and the rest of the week Lord Father may you bless us and take the oncoming married couple unto the hand give us travel mercy as we go into our respective place and keep us consecrated and closer to your word father in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go ahead, brother. Amen. We want to take this song. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Most high. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. [Music] Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of the Lord. The name of the Lord. Have strong power. The righteous run in it and they say the name of the Lord and from the righteous round they see blessed blessed blessed Bless be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh Jesus, Jesus. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. [Music] Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord most high of the Lord. Oh, the name of the Lord. power. The righteous run into it and they say the name of the Lord is a strong power. The righteous run in it and they one more time. of the Lord is a strong power. The righteous run into it and they say the name of the Lord a strong. [Music] righteous [Music] running and they are one more time. The name of the Lord is the name of the Lord is a strong power. The righteous run into it and they are saved. The name of the Lord is I show the righteous run [Music] into one of the name of the Lord. [Music] The righteous run [Music] into the name of the Lord. [Music] The righteous run to end it and they are the name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. [Music] The name of the Lord is a strong tower. The righteous run into it and they are one more time. The name of the Lord. The name of the [Music] Lord. The righteous run [Music] into the name of the Lord is a strong power. the right to win it and they are blessed. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Jesus Jesus Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the [Music] Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the [Music] Lord. Jesus one more time. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the [Music] Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord. Jesus is the name of the Lord most [Music] high. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
