################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - The Influence of King Theophany - Bro Wayne Lawson - Wayne Lawson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   The Influence of King Theophany - Bro Wayne Lawson
Speaker: Wayne Lawson
Church:  Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7N2OvEfF7pU
========================================

The Lord comes to the what? Prophet. Absolutely. That's where the word comes to. That's how you know whether prophets or not. They stay in the word. The word is revealed to the prophet. And Job was a prophet. He couldn't see the end. But when he saw the word being a prophet [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise God. Amen. Can we me standing tonight? Amen. We just want to bless the name of the Lord tonight. We just want to commit the service into the hands of the Lord. It is once again a joy to be in the presence of the Lord. We want to ask him to take prereeminence tonight and also commit those on their way coming. Let us all pray together. Father in the name of Jesus, we are just grateful Lord, Father, to be called upon once again, oh God, to worship you, Lord. It is a joy, Father God, to come and meet you, speak with us, Lord Jesus, dine with us, commune with us, Lord. We are just grateful, Lord. We bless your name. We give you all the glory, Lord. Father, we are asking Lord that this day, Lord, this evening, if there be anything, oh God, in hindrance in in our lives, Lord Jesus, oh God, Father, something we've done, oh God, not right, Lord, we ask for your forgiveness, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we ask, Lord Jesus, may you cleanse us, Lord. And father, oh God, get our spirit, our souls, oh God, our bodies, everything to subjection tonight, oh God, even as you come, Lord Jesus, to speak your word to us, Lord. Father, we ask Lord may you set the atmosphere Lord for your minister tonight Lord. We asking Father God but you use him mightily Lord Jesus. to God take him aside and speak to your saints oh God this evening listening to you God here oh God in the church and those streaming online Lord Jesus may you take absolute control Lord those on their way coming Lord we commit them to your hands we ask for your protection may you be with them on the roads even as they come here Lord we thank you Lord and we bless you we give you all the glory in Jesus Christ's name we pray amen and amen we just want to open the service with a song. There is a fountain filled with blood. Amen. Amen. I believe we are under his blood in this end time. Amen. And his blood always saves us. Amen. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel in such [Music] Lose all the guilty stay. Lose all the guilty. lose all your [Music] he loyality. [Music] Rejoice to [Music] see his name. [Music] I know my wash my sins the [Music] way my sins are [Music] wash my way and go by wash all my sins Without thy lamb, oh thy lamb, thy preious life shall never lose. [Music] to all [Music] the [Music] be sing. [Music] to see [Music] all the star [Applause] be. Oh, be safe. Be safe. [Music] Oh, be to [Music] see. [Music] Oh, subject your be to sing. One last time. Be safe. Be safe to [Music] sing. Be safe to [Music] sing to you. Oh, the ransom church of God be to sing. [Music] Amen. And amen. Till all the ransom church of God be saved to sin no more. Amen. We just want to take a couple of songs. Amen. Tonight. Amen. Amen. I believe we're in the time where the lifeboat is almost here, ready to pick us home. Amen. We're going to take this song, the lifeboat, the day of redemption. It's near. Amen. We are floating down the stream of time. We have no long to stay. The stormy clouds of darkness will turn to brightness. The land is all taken. Wait for in the last. [Music] Oh, I trust you. So, oh [Music] [Music] sh we are seeking the city to come. Oh, the light will soon come together. Oh, sometimes sometimes the devil [Music] be in Jesus name. Oh my [Music] Say I a healthy name with you. Trust me how can [Music] you Oh you love shall be shall be upon the golden [Music] Oh my [Music] city. Oh the light of is coming to God. [Music] Oh the light of is gone. Oh my [Music] sh the water [Music] resue the [Music] brok. Oh get ready Christ the Oh, [Music] she [Music] Christy shall be shall be upon the glory. [Music] Oh [Music] sh is coming to gather your soul. Nations are breaking. Israel are working. Signs are the prophets for good. [Music] is [Music] number eternity [Music] soon. Oh baby the spirit. [Applause] [Music] Oh, your redemption is the big tree. Oh, the fig tree growing. Jerusalem [Music] national to [Music] you this day. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] sh of redemption is for be filled with the spirit. Oh, look. Most prophets are lying. [Music] Jesus the Christ is our generation. Oh, we apostles [Music] forever. Oh, his heart for me. Oh, fill in the spirit. Your love. Oh, look. Your redemption is maring through beautiful [Music] beautiful Beautiful. We are [Music] [Music] mar and let joy be in a song we see the ghost in the song we see our The sun run. Oh, we are maring. We are maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful. We are maring up to the beautiful. Let those who refuse to sing the roary used to [Music] sing you like children. The king shall [Music] [Music] jo beautiful beautiful weing cross The beautiful the he of Zion [Music] he sacrif [Music] All the riches they have. Holy [Music] [Music] rich. Beautiful. Beautiful. We are maring up for the beautiful. One more time. Oh, we are maring. We are maring. Beautiful. Beautiful. We are maring up. The [Music] beautiful [Music] beautiful city of God. Hallelujah. Amen. We are marching regardless of what we are going through. Amen. And we have seen the signs in this end time. Amen. Can be seated tonight. Amen. Amen. We thank God for our lives. Amen. Um we have two more specials to sing tonight. Amen. But uh before that we just want to read this uh this a birthday for brother Michael Mark. He was he had his birthday yesterday and we say a prayer for him. Amen. We thank the Lord for his life. Amen. And just we want to say happy birthday brother Michael. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Yes, sir. Um, I don't have any other praise report tonight or prayer request. Amen. So, we just invite brother Michael. Amen. Just to thank the Lord for our lives, for his life. Amen. Amen. And all other unspoken requests tonight. Amen. Amen. And amen. Amen. Amen. Happy birthday once again, Brother Michael. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Once more. Are you happy? If you are not, help me to be happy. Well, what a pleasant surprise. I didn't know somebody's going to read that. Um, we are going to pray. Take me to the house of the Lord where people sing, where people praise you, Lord. Then all the chaos of the world is dissipated. Oh Lord, we have come oh Lord with one heart to praise you and to worship you Lord to give you all the glory. Father what you have done to us Father we have no language to express it. The messages that you send daily from this pulpit. Oh God father we have no words. Father we want just to thank you. Bless us all together this little group. Oh God, and plant in us some love, oh God. You said in this the people will know you are my disciples. When you love one another, let us stick together just like brother Bronham said like oh God who never before. Thank you Lord for the day. Thank you Lord for the person who wrote the name my name for birthday. Father, bless him. Oh, God, bless her. I don't know who that person is. Oh Lord, Lord Jesus Christ, we come to the most important time. We ask you that you'll bless the preacher today. Take him out of the way, Father. And may you speak to us, Father. Yes. Lord Jesus Christ. The tithes and offerings, may they be used for the gospel. We pray these things. Oh God, if there is any need, Father, in the midst of your children, Father, those who are here and those who are online, may you grant them, Father. Amen. You are only source of hope, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. And amen. I think Brother Michael, I skipped the one who uh wrote that, but that's from Sister Aos. Amen. [Laughter] Amen. Amen. So invite um we have Sister Yoked. Then after that we have Sister Charlene. Amen. Mr. Yoket has a song by my God. Amen. [Music] God bless you all. Brother Robert, would you join [Music] us? The Lord had placed this song on my heart um a couple weeks ago when um I believe it was right around the time that the pope was elected and everybody was just in a a state of they're not sure if they're scared or the world coming to an end and just shaky and full of fear. But I just want to say by God we are more than conquerors and we know what our end is going to be. Amen. Thank you. The Lord is my light and my salvation. Whom shall I fear? Shall I fear? Oh, the Lord even God is the strength of my life. Of whom shall I be afraid? When the wicked, even my enemies came upon me, they stumbled and [Applause] fell. For by my God, I have run through a truth of hell. I have over a wall into higher realms. I have all the gates of hell to pay. All these things I have done by my God. Oh for by my God I have run through a true mountain. I am over a wall to higher realm. I have all the gates of hell to face. All these things I have done by my God. [Music] And in the time of trouble, in his pavilional high in the secret of his tabernacle, it's there I will abide. Oh, and horse shouldn't come against me. My heart shall not fail. The wall shall rise. Oh, for by my God I have run through a truth of death. I be over a wall into higher realm. I have covered all against you. All these things I have done by my God. Oh by my God. I have run through and through. I have a war into my realm. I have conquered all the things of hell. There all the things I have done by my God. In the time of trouble. And in the time of trouble, it has a million [Music] hide. The secret of his tabernacle. If there will abide, go and hold shouldn't come against me. My heart shall not fail. The wall shall rise. Oh my God. I have run through a truth of death. I want to higher realm. I have all the [Music] geometry my God. Oh by my God. By my God. I have run through a truth of death. I over a wall into higher realms. I have conquered all the gates of hell. to pay. All these things I have done by my God. [Applause] My God, I have to I have conquered all the things. Let's pray for all these things I have done by my God. It's true. Oh, yes. All these things I have done by my God. Yes, it's to get to all these things I have done by my God. By my God. [Music] Amen. And amen. We invite Sister Charlene. Amen. Amen. By my God. Amen. I have conquered. Amen. Amen. Amen. And I'm taking back whatever the devil stole from me. Amen. We invite Sister Charlene. She has a song. I'm taking back. God bless you, saints. [Music] I'm I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. But I'm taking back I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking back my soul. My soul. My joy. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, but I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole from me, but I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. Taking back my soul. My soul, my de. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. One day, oh, King David came home to a city called Big Black. Everybody was gone. The enemy gave all everything he had. But you see there himself from the Lord. He made up his mind. Said, "I'm on my way. I'll do what he's g. I'm taking what's right with my devil. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. Taking back my soul. My soul. I hope my back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. Now we all know they only come to deal and kill and destroy. And I'm walking. There have been time where he's taken away my joy. But I'm obsessed on the devil. His kingdom is under attack. Cuz I'm on my way to escape and I'm taking my property back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole me. I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil [Music] me back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. I'm taking back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. Back my soul. My soul. My back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. But I'm taking it back. I'm taking back everything back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. I'm taking that back. I'm taking it back. Give me back my soul. My Lord, my Lord is my I'm taking back everything that the devil me. I'm taking back I'm taking back everything that the devil and I'm taking back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole for me. Give back my soul. My go back. I'm taking back everything that the devil stole from me. [Music] But I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil stole for me. But I'm taking it back. I'm taking it back. Everything that the devil for me. Praise God. Praise God. Can you hear me? Okay. Can you hear me well? I'm sorry. Sorry, I got used to a monitor. Now I'm hearing you far away. Who told you to stop the song? [Music] You know what? We will switch gears because brother Wayne Lawson say he love the singing in the church and sometime he just tune in to just listen to the singing and he say make sure sister Yet sing. Amen. So my God is tremendous. [Music] When I'm in need, call on the Lord and he helps me. Yes, he hears me. Yes, he is faithful and true. Won't forget his word. Oh. Oh. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Soon our God is commander. His strength will fail. He'll go through the fire just to save the sinner. Yeah, he is almighty and he sent his angels. Oh, to guide me. Oh, there is nothing powerful our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed the unity came down from his glory and gave us the victory, the greatest of glory. Let's sing together. When you're in need, call on the Lord. Yes, he hears you and he helps you. He is faithful and true. Don't forget his. Oh, your companion, your best friend is the only true God. There's no one greater, a wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. Jesus our God is commander of the high to save the sinner. Yes, he is almighty and he sent me [Music] to our God cannot handle. Our God into the deceased he revealed and you and me came down from his glory and he gave us the victory the [Music] greatest in trouble seek the great and our God Almighty will fight your battles. Oh yeah. He will stand for you. Oh, our victory has come. Not the way we think it would, but our great over. Just love the paradise to stand in your [Music] position. Fall into [Music] action. He'll go through the fire just to save the sinner. Yes, he is almighty and we send this angel to guide me. Our God cannot handle our God in simplicity. He revealed in you and me came down from his glory and he gave us the victory the rain. One more time when you're in trouble. Oh, when you're in trouble, Jehovah Nissi, the great enforcer, our God Almighty, will fight your battle. Oh yeah. He will stand for you. Yeah. Your victory has come. Not the way I think it would break your just the paradise. You stood in your position and [Music] worship. Yeah. My heart is [Music] traveling. My baby [Music] is our God cannot handle. Our God is simplicity revealed in you and me. came down from his glory and he gave us the victory. the rain. Oh man. He go through the fire just to save the sinner. Yes, he is the mighty and he is angel to guide me. Oh, there is no God cannot handle. Our God is healed in you and me. Came down from his glory and he gave us the victory. The greatest came down from his glory and he gave us the victory. The greatest of [Music] glory. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Glory to God. Brother Wayne, if we continue, it will be a worship night. Amen. That last devil is now gone. That last demon that was hanging around is completely gone. What an atmosphere, my friend. Welcome to our convention night. Our Wednesdays are conventions. Amen. We greet you all in the precious name of our savior and lord Jesus Christ both visible and invisible audience. Amen. Any family members here? God richly bless you. And those online new subscriber, God bless you and welcome to our Wednesday convention in spoken word tabernacle where the message of William Marion Brham is yummy. [Applause] You can clap for the Lord. Amen. Because God has been so gracious to us. Now we even know how to pray to pray according to his will. If he pleases you, if I find favor in your sight, how can a husband refuse such a thing to a brother? Amen. Oh, glory, glory. you pray for me and then on Sunday we dig in again and then we start soaring. Amen. I'm not preaching. It has been a while. Brother Wayne, hard to catch him now. He's a pastor, but by God's grace, he opened up away, took a flight, and he's right here to be a blessing for us. I told him he's home. He's going to preach like home. And we're going to pull like home. So, brother Wayne, you have your liberty. There's no problem, no charity. You move as the Holy Spirit is moving. Amen. So let's go forever. Everyone believe. Oh believe. Yes sir. Oh believe. All [Music] things [Music] believe [Music] all believe. [Music] All things are impossible. All be amen. What a wonderful Amen. What a wonderful song service. Amen. We so so appreciate the music and the atmosphere and Amen. I I man I I would have been all right with just going on with the worship and it would have been worth the journey, brother. And amen, we just uh so happy to be here tonight. And I thank our brother for the invitation to come. And amen, you you all are very dear in our hearts. And so when uh when your pastor called and said, "Hey, can you make it at all?" And I we we made a little place. And thank God for airplanes, you know, you can uh they got a they got a straight flight from Dayton to Charlotte, so we could just get on there and and come right down and see you and I could be back home tomorrow night even for our church service. And amen, we just want to bring you greetings from the home church and true word tabernacle there. And amen, we're going to have to get brother Stephen to come up and and just bring everybody that wants to come and and uh we'd love to come up and have a fellowship. And amen, what a what a blessing. And uh we so thank you all for the for the time to be here and the wonderful singing and the blessings. And amen, we just um praying along the way and and praying the Lord would just give us something. uh we uh just want to maybe speak to you a little bit tonight, but just before we go to the Lord, let maybe just bow our hearts in a word of prayer and let's just speak to him and ask him to come on the scene and take over in this part of the service. Father, we bow our hearts tonight and we thank you, God. What a wonderful time and fellowship around your wonderful songs and the great gifts that you have put in this bride body, Lord. And nobody can sing like your people can sing, Lord. We'd so love to hear it, Lord, when when hearts are and full of joy and revelation comes forth, Lord. And Lord, I I I thank you for the gifts that you've given. And Lord, we ask you tonight that you would help us, Father, as we would before your children make known, Lord, of of the inabilities of a human being. And Lord, how we realize our littleness, Father, how we see our inabilities to help anyone, Lord. But Father, we're solely counting on you tonight that you would take your word, Lord, and you would speak something to your children, Father. That your elect, Lord, those which you had forthought of that you would take something tonight from the word and you would ignite faith in their heart. And Lord, that you would use our voice, but Father, may the inspiration be from you. We ask that you would strengthen them, build them, Lord. Father, prepare them for that translation hour, Lord, and you would secure them in your faith and Lord, anoint them, Lord, for the journey. And Lord, we're asking you tonight, even if one would be sick among us, Lord, as we speak your word, may Father, it be as the Bible said that you sent your word and you healed the people. We ask you, Father, tonight that you would do these things in the mighty and wonderful name of Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. And amen. And God bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, we would just like to go to the word of the Lord. We'll go to the book of Hebrews. And I would like to look in Hebrews chapter 12 and verse 24. Hallelujah. It's a beautiful scripture here. Amen. Amen. Uh we have done an extensive amount of study in this particular scripture and have taken uh several uh several thoughts from it. But tonight I want to uh look at it uh just for our our scripture for the basis of our thought tonight. And to Jesus the mediator of the new covenant, right? And to the blood of sprinkling. Uhhuh. that speaketh better things than that of Abel. That's right. That speaketh better things than that of Abel. May God bless his word tonight. As you could be seated, I want to speak to you a little bit tonight. And if I would take a title, I want to title this the influence of King Theophony. The influence of King Theophony. Amen. I I certainly believe you're influenced. Don't you? Everybody's influenced by something. Amen. But uh but I want to speak to you about the influence of our King Theophony. I love how Brother Brandham says things and sometimes he just says things so wonderfully simple that they they're so powerfully profound. Amen. And and uh in the in the token message, Brother Brandham says, you know, you see the blood speaks better things than that of Abel. And he said, you said the blood speaks. He said, oh, absolutely. The blood speaks. If you're back there in the book of Genesis, you find out that the bud spilled back in Genesis chapter 4. And then we find out again in Hebrews 12 that the blood of the covenant of Christ speaks better than that of Abel. We find out the blood does speak. See, it speaks on your behalf. The life that's in you speaks from the shed blood. Oh, brother, I wished everybody could see that. Now, if you could see what it is, it's the life that is in you. If you can see what it is, it's the life that is in you. See, the blood is identifying you with it. See, it's the token. See, the blood was shed for you. You've accepted the life has come into you, and you have the token. That is the Holy Spirit. See, the blood speaketh better things than that of Abel. And and just in going back there with Cain and Abel, you remember when he slew his brother's blood and the blood laid on the ground, you couldn't deny that there was blood on the ground. And that blood itself was the testament that something had died. Amen. Abel's blood on the ground could not let Cain escape. Something has died here. And the blood spoke of itself and said, "There's been a death here." But the blood of Abel spoke of of of of something needing to be avenged. It spoke of something that had died and there was no way to get away from that. But yet tonight, because we have the Holy Ghost, amen, the token of the blood is the life that's in the blood. So tonight, because you have the Holy Ghost, Amen. It speaks definitely that there has been a death, a burial, and a resurrection. So, by you having the Holy Ghost tonight, it speaks itself, but it speaks of redemption. It speaks of power. It speaks of of the grace of God that's in your life. And and it actually speaks of I love how Brother Bam says it. It speaks of an abstract or a clearing of the title in in the rise of the sun. Brother Bam said this this Pentecostal experience today and the coming of the Holy Ghost in the last days, he says, see, it's an abstract to a title deed. I love it. Amen. how how simple he puts it. He says, "See, you can get a title to a place and you but that don't say it's yours." Now, somebody way back there could say and come and put a claim on it. See, but when you got an abstract, that shows that everything that's struck ever against it is struck off, plumb back to the foundation. Now, is that right? And when a man says he believes the word, then the Holy Spirit comes. See, it's an abstract to the title. And that gives us permission when you have an abstract that every bit of that belongs to you and everything is is on it belongs to you. Amen. And that gives us an abstract when the Holy Ghost comes upon this title deed that God saw you back there before the foundation of the world and put your name on the lamb's book of life. See, but was born through a man or a woman. See, and then you were back there before them. But because you were born through a man or a woman, see, and then you become subject to sin and guilty of sin. But when I believed on it, I received a deed. He said, but when the Holy Ghost come, it was the abstract that everything against me, he says, whether it was my mother done it, whether it was my father done it, whether it was my grandmother done it. See, then it's stricken off of me. the abstract. See, it shows that everything that is against it is gone. I I love how, brother Bam, it don't matter whether your father did it or your mother did it or anybody did it. Amen. Whatever it was, see, it's stricken off. And And to think tonight that God has a way to say it's stricken off. Now, that that life that's in that blood is the token. It's the thing that speaks. And and I'll say it to you like this. It's deity speaking. It's it's not just uh it's not just a I'm a I'm a church membership. It it's not you saying well I belong to a certain church or well I believe this doctrine or I I think this. But the abstract of the token life of Jesus Christ is that he himself is testifying in you that it has been cleared off and there is no claims against your life that you belong to God. I love how brother Bam says it's an Easter because we have risen with him. Not that we're going to rise. We have already risen. Amen. Not that we're not going to we're not going to get saved and going to escape. We have already escaped. We have already been delivered. We have already been resurrected. Amen. I'm not trying to be amen poetic. This is doctrinal sound truth that the man that is in Christ has already ceased from his own labors. There is now no more condemnation in them. There is no more damnatory sentence under their lives. They have been saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost and they are sealed until the day of redemption and there's no devils. There's no pout. There is nothing that can break it because the blood is speaking over that life. The blood is saying they're already sealed. They're already saved. Now, somebody said, "Well, Brother Wayne, I hope I make it." it. Brother man said, "Don't say that." I'm going to quote him directly. Don't you say, "I hope I make it." You already made it. Let the blood speak for you. Amen. Not what I'm saying myself. What the blood has said for me. Amen. You remember years ago, I don't know if y'all remember, but when I was a younger man, I remember the kids, they got in a habit where somebody says something they didn't like, and they'd say, "Speak to the hand because the ear ain't listening." Y'all remember that? Speak to the hand cuz the ear ain't listening. Well, listen. Let me tell you this. Speak to the blood. I tell you what you do. You tell that devil. If he has something, you say, "Speak to the blood." Because I ain't listening no more. I do not have to explain myself to the devil. I don't have to talk to the devil and reason with him about situations. Amen. Because the blood has already spoken for me. Therefore, amen, the prophet said, "You don't say, "Well, I hope I make it." You already made it. Not I will make it. I have already made it. Amen. Oh my goodness. Amen. Not that I made it. He made it for me. That's right. Amen. How can you do it? See, you say, "Well, I can call him down." Brother Bam said, "No, he's already in you. You just got to get yourself out of the way so he can manifest." You see that Jesus Christ is here in this building right now. He's already in you. And if God is in you, all power is in you. Don't you tell me there's a weak spot in God because he's omnipotent, is he not? He is all powerful. You know that's the Bible. All power, Amen, is given unto me. And then the Jesus, that same one that said that said, "Yet a little while and the world see me no more, but you shall see me for I will be with you even in you until the end of the age of that same Jesus that created the heavens and the earth is inside the believer tonight. You don't have to call him down. You got to surrender to what's on the inside of you. Come on. I I want you to know it's real. I want you to know it's real. Somebody said, "Well, Brother Wayne, there's trouble everywhere. I don't know if we got what it takes." Brother Brandon said it like this. There was a storm that night, but the master was already in the ship. He might have been sleeping, but he was there. He said, "All Peter had to do was wake him up. They was as secure in that ship as they would ever be because the master was in there. This ain't a boat tonight. This is a mud ship, a dirt ship. But that same Jesus is on the inside. If you would just wake him up tonight and say, "Master, that same one is here and he still speaks. He still speaks. The blood is still speaking." You see, God has been collecting evidence. Do y'all know Brother Brandham collected evidence? Brother Brandham collected evidence and he told us this. He said, "With all this evidence collected," I love that. Don't you? With all the evidence. So, so the devil might have been collecting evidence, but God's been collecting evidence. The devil might have been collecting evidence of your natural life, but God has been collecting evidence of your spiritual life. Amen. And when this prophet came, he did not come to talk to you about your family life. He came to talk to you about your atmosphere, of your heavenly life, of who you were in him before the foundation of the world. You know your family genetics. What you didn't know is your God genetics, but God sent a prophet to reveal that part. Your spiritual DNA has come alive in this age and identified you. Oh, I didn't you know, brother brother, I thought I was American Indian for years. You know, me and Daryl Ward, I thought I was right with brother Daryl. You know, I was American Indian and Amen. My mom told me that and my uncles told me that and I I was supposed to have a great grandmother that was a full-blooded Cherokee named Whitehead. So, I my whole life I I people say, "Well, why you got a little dark skin there?" You know, I said, "Well, I I'm a Native American. You know, I got I got high Cherokee blood in me." And and I identified that way for years. And then finally DNA come out. And so I wanted to find out, you know, maybe I'm I might have some close kin folks in the Cherokee Nation. So I come back. You know what? I'm paleface all together. Amen. I I'm English and I'm Scottish and I'm Welch and I'm Amen. I I had a crisis identity and I found out that I had cousins living right close to me. So I contacted them in Ohio. I'm from the South. So I contact them Ohio. Well, they didn't know they we were cousins. They they had no clue how I got in the cousin line. Well, I I hate to admit it, but the lady finally got to checking it out. And her her grandmother had not lived so true. So, the family ties were there. They just didn't know they were there. So, it started in a negative way. But you see, when this message came and started picking up my DNA, he said I was kin to Adam and I was kin to Moses and I was kin to Joshua and I was kin to William Brown. I didn't even know there were family ties. But come to find out, we have the same father. You and I are brothers. You and I are brother and sister. We got the same daddy. But it's through a spiritual DNA that made us genetically the same. You want to talk to me about my family line. Amen. Let me talk to you about my my my brothers like Joshua. Let me talk to you about my brothers like Moses. And Amen. What about David that killed lions? And you talk about a reputation. I come from a family line. Amen. Where Jesus is our elder brother. Hey, he's the Let's collect some evidence. What do you think? And it's DNA evidence. Every everything else is is dismissal. You you can dismiss almost all the evidence they can get. If you can get DNA proof, DNA is the absolute of evidence. Is that right? And they can they these people been on uh they've been on death row for years and they get DNA evidence come find out they wasn't even guilty to start with. So all the other evidence was dismissed in the face of DNA evidence. I'm talking to you. Amen. You see Amen. Brother Brandham says that that we had a case against us. He said but our judge became our lawyer. And he said, "You see a positive case because our lawyer said the case is dismissed against us." Amen. The blood has spoke for us to dismiss all evidence against us. And somebody said, "Well, I saw him do this and I think he did that and I thought he did this." But the DNA evidence, it dismisses all other evidence because you never did it in the first place. You never even were there in the first place. And according to God's records, the blood has spoke and dismissed everything the devil has against you. So devil, I'm coming to take back everything you took from me because you don't belong. There's nothing you got. There's nothing you got that you actually have rights to. Church of the living God, we don't have to lay down to the devil. Come on. He's using condemnation where he's exposing your weaknesses and exploiting you because of your weaknesses. But if you would just get in God tonight and identify yourself in God, you know who you were from before the world began. And you say, "Satan, there is no weak spot in the children of God. This ain't a game of politics." Come on. The devil don't have no he don't have no political male on you where he can he going to show up later and say well you you know how it goes. I mean you know if you going to stand up well you did this and you did this and you but do you see God's different than that because God destroys the evidence before he tells you to take a stand. Take your stand. But but see God has already protected you that you can take a stand. The case is dismissed. Amen. And brother Bam said, "See, the life is in the Holy Ghost. The life is in the spirit." See, now y'all know y'all know the chemical of the blood that people preach about the blood and and and and people say to me, "Brother Wayne, you you don't preach about the blood enough." And I thought, "My goodness, what the what are you talking about?" No, I I'm not a historian talking about the the the the chemical that struck the ground. And come on, church. That's 2,000 years old. That blood dried up and it disappeared years ago. But the life that was in that blood has appeared in the last days to show it's the same yesterday, today, and it's just as fresh as it ever was. Right here, tonight. Yeah, we speak about the blood, but we're speaking about the blood not in a historical term. Not the blood in tradition, not the blood in church, but the life of the blood in the church of the living God. Deity is not in the heavens. Deity is in you. Come on church. All that was in God was poured into Christ. And all that was in Christ is poured into you. It was the father was above us. He became a part of us in Jesus. But tonight, but tonight by the way of the Holy Ghost, he is in you. Oh my goodness. Yes, there's a voice. Yes, there's a life. And the voice of that blood is the word. That word. Hallelujah. The voice of that blood is the Holy Ghost. Come on. Then the word and the Holy Ghost are not two different things. Hallelujah. Isn't it powerful when you see that in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word became flesh. And what was flesh in that day by the sun is flesh tonight by the bride. The word made flesh becomes the light of the age when you see it. Oh, I see it. I see Joel 2. I see Luke 17. I see Revelations 10. Come on. This is not a historic lesson. This is not just looking back in the 60s and seeing what was with a prophet. Come on, church. You got to update the revelation and know what he preached back there is right here tonight. It's alive. Come on. Jesus is alive. But he's not just alive. His church is alive. He said, "Because I live, ye live also." Hallelujah. We are alive tonight by the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. You're not just a homo sapiion tonight. You're not just a human being. You're a son of almighty God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] My Tell that devil, get on out of here, devil. Amen. Amen. I know who I am. I have evidence. We have collected evidence. The New Testament, Brother Brandham said it's the blood. And the New Testament, it speaks of redemption. [Applause] Future home. Brother Brandham says, "What is a redeemer?" He said, "A redeemer." He says, "My goodness, it's a redeemer." See, he came to re Why did Christ come? He came to redeem. From the book of Luke, the nth chapter, the Bible said, "For the son of man came to seek that which was lost." Come on now. You had to be somewhere before you can be lost. You got to belong to somebody before you can be lost. Something you had to be somewhere sometime that you were in the hands of somebody before you can be lost. And the same God that had you in him before the world began said, "You was lost, but I've come to the earth to save." To seek out and to save that which was lost. Come on now. Brother Bam says, "See, it's a fall. It we we we he came to redeem that which was fallen." Now, why didn't he get them praised? Uhhuh. When Jesus came, why didn't he get those priests? Why? He was a redeemer, was he not? You can't tell me he didn't have the power to to redeem anything. [Music] See, see, it wasn't a lack of his power to get them. It was simply they wasn't there to begin with. Do you see how you diminish the power of God when you think, "Oh, because that person turned him down." Then God don't have the power. Come on. They just wasn't there to begin with. But if you were there to begin with, I don't care what comes. If your name was in that lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world, God will move heaven and earth to get to a child of God. If your name is in that lamb's book of life, I say you ought to just surrender tonight and let the rapturing power of the Holy Ghost get a hold of you. Oh, hallelujah. He came to redeem that which was fallen in the fall. This got all messed up with that girl. But God had her in his thinking. Amen. Before the foundation and he come to cleanse her. See, she had eternal life. He come to cleanse her. Third seal, Brother Bram said, you you see what it was? It was the light struck the seed. That's what it was. He said it had been laying there. That was spoke by God. My goodness. Do you know how your name is in the Lamb's book of life? Come on now. He don't He don't have a little book up there that he Come on. We the Bible speaks of these things to make them relative to the humanity. But the prophet of God said when God put Jesus's name, he put your name there. He said, and let me just put it a little bit better. He said when he put it there by the spoken word, that's the reason it takes the spoken word to call the name. It'll take a prophet to call the name. Come on. No Baptist can call the name. Come on. No Lutheran can call your name. Amen. Because it wasn't written like that. It was written by the word of God, the spoken word of God. And you're a part of that word. And that light struck that seed that was spoke by God. Now, that seed was on the earth. Yes, sir. And God just moved the water away and the sun hit it and it come up. That's all it needed was just the sun. That just needed light. Now, now, Brother Brandham, immediately, you know what he's talking about. He's talking about the beginning of creation when God, cuz somebody said, "Brother Brandom, I don't believe God created the earth 6,000 years. That we we can prove it's a million years old." He said, "Well, you're missing Genesis 1 and1." For in the beginning, God created heavens and earth. Period. How long is that period? Now, now, now that's what you got to watch in the Bible. Pronunciation can be a a period of time. So, so if it if it just has a period, that could be a million years before the next words. Yes, sir. Watch Genesis and watch him. He says, "And he created the heavens, earth, total, and multiply and replenish." Amen. And subdue the earth. Now, there's the millennium. Watch the skip. It's called a spaceime. It's a It's a time that's that's not spoken of, but put in pronunciations or periods. But but it takes revelation to catch the understanding. Right. And and and the prophet said, "Watch him." He put every one of them seeds. And I'm in the fourth seal now. You know where I'm at. And the four seal, he said they were there from a previous civilization. Now, we can go on any kind of tangent. I don't know about that, but I think he had a previous civilization in his mind. That's where I think it was. I I just Amen. But in that civilization, he spoke them things. And when the world was created, every seed of every plant life was already there. So all he had to do is say, "Let there be light." And when the light begin to move, the water rolled back and the light struck the seed. Now, why didn't the palm tree become a cedar tree? Come on. Why didn't Why didn't it Why didn't the dirt rise up? Because it wasn't the seed of it. Amen. So the sun only judged the seed to make it give forth what it already was. Do you see? And when that light struck her, brother Bam said the Holy Spirit, see moved away her past life and showed it to her. That light struck it. Now you know good and well them Pharisees had much better to look at. But on the inside there was a previous civilization. She come from the mind of God. Brother Bam said she knew it. Because the light struck it. That's why. Because the light struck it. Now watch. Brother Bam, he'll help you in the third seal. He helped you really catch it. He says, "Here it is." He said, he said, he walked right up and he said, "Your name is Simon and your father's name is Jonas." He said that deflated him. He said because it that little eternal life seed struck in there. Amen. That little eternal life seed. Now, that is the difference of where you fit in God. That little eternal life seat. Listen, if that little eternal life seed is on the inside of you tonight, I want you to know something. I want you to know there's not enough hell, there's not enough devils, there's not enough religion, there's not enough sin, there's not enough demons, there is nothing. There is nothing that can keep that child of God from returning back to the father. You said, "Brother Wayne, how do I know if that eternal life seeds on the inside of me?" The blood speaks. The blood says it's there. Why do you think God sent the message? He come to send the message to save that which was Somebody said, "Well, I don't know if I'm I'm metal or I'm aluminum." Well, put the magnet over it. Put the magnet over it. You say, "I'm a little dirty." It don't matter if it's dirty or not. Is it aluminum or is it metal? The magnet does the judging. The message is what judges us. Are you seed? Yeah, I'm seed because the blood says I'm seed. The message says I'm seen. So, preacher, what are you doing? There's faith for healing, but there's faith for rapture. And faith for rapture comes out of the reality of knowing who you are. Everybody said, "Brother Lane, we want rapture and faith." You know what brother Ram said? He said, "When this bride recognizes who she is, this rapture is going to go, then rapturing revelation lies in your position in God. And there is no other message could tell you where you belonged before the world began. Nobody can do an abstract on you like that." [Applause] Invisible union. Brother Bama, say it. You were sons and daughters of God before there was a sun, a moon, stars, or a molecule. That's right. You were the sons and daughters of God. You are only the physical manifestation of the attributes that was in God at the beginning. Now it it I'm I'm going to I'm going to just give you a little word here and this will maybe as you read the message throughout the years. I want you to remember this attribute is son. So somebody said we don't we don't know about manifested sons yet. We don't know if it's the time of manifested sons. We just use the word attribute and see how many times brother Bam said it's the manifested attribute. See an attribute is the attributes of God. It's the son. See, that was in him at the beginning. Now, there's only one form of eternal life. How many agrees with that? Brother Brandham taught that to teach you there's no eternal hell, didn't he? He said, see, if if if Satan had a beginning, he's got an end. I was just listening to the four seal this morning. Brother Brandham said, then that shows us what we believe about the devil. We believe he will have complete annihilation. We believe Satan will be completely annihilated. Oh, the devil hates that. But hell was created not for children of God. It was for the devil and his angels. Sons and daughters of God have eternal life. [Music] [Applause] There's only one form of eternal life. And you know what brother Bam said? Yes sir. And every quote nearly he says and that was God. But in invisible union he says but that was you. [Applause] I want you to choke it down. Chew it up. Amen. And keep it down. I know. I know. I know. And I know you're not Pentecostal, but but some people get Pentecostal indigestion. [Applause] [Music] They just can't swallow the reality of predestination. Come on. They want to choke it back up. But I love how Brother Bram said, "We eat them beans and and that onion." He said, "It started coming back up." He pushed it back down. Said, "I can. I will. I do believe." And if there's something wrong with your digestive system, go ahead and eat the message. And if it wants to come back up because your belly is a little bitter, come on, put it back down and say, "I can. And I will and I do believe. I believe I'm a son of God. I believe I'm a daughter of God." I think you ought to take the book of redemption and beat every devil back into hell unto the authority of this word. You want to get what belongs to you? Get a revelation of who you are. It don't belong to me because of my good works. It belongs to me because of who my daddy is. I know who he is. I know where I belong. You was in God before the foundation of the world. And there's only one form of eternal life. And you don't know nothing about it. And neither did you know when you was in your earthly father. Now look how brother Bam does that. He just sideswiped you cuz you say, "I don't remember it, so it mustn't be." He said, "And neither did you remember being in your earthly father either." Look how look how simple a prophet makes this. You said, "Well, I couldn't have been in God because I don't remember being in God." Now, there isn't one of you here tonight that wasn't in your father. Not Not one person sitting alive in this building just procreated off of a stump somewhere. I don't even have to see your dad. I know you were in your dad because your life speaks of a father. But you don't remember it, so it didn't happen, right? You don't remember it, so you It didn't happen. It didn't You wasn't there. And And you just uh you just one day showed up in a hospital room and said, "I'd like to be a human being." You know, they probably if if you was in a good a church, if you was in a good church hospital, they probably had a little altar there. And you know what happened to you? and you you you just come crawling in there and you crawled up to a little altar and say, "I'd like to be a child of God. I I I mean, I I'd like to be the child of my mom and daddy." And you think right there is is your existence and how you came into the earth. No, sir. No, sir. And even if you don't remember it, it didn't happen like that. No. No. Amen. There has to be a birth. I agree. There's got to be a birth. But before the birth, there has to be a seed. And a prophet of God said, "You were in God before the world began." And no different than your mama set you down. Almost every mama sitting in here can tell you my my wife's got three. She can tell you what time of day, which one come. We can tell you the atmosphere, the room, you what time of day, what happened before, what happened after. Amen. and and she actually keeps up with with world events by what stage her kid was and diapers, you know, y'all know what I'm talking about because they were doing this or this and this this must have happened the same. And she keeps up with everything by the by those children and their birth and how it was, you know, so so she can tell you a story. That's right. and and and the same as your mother and the same as your mother told you and and I I know probably you've heard these a lot of times but but the adoption of memory human memory just simply comes because you believe your mom then you sign every certificate you fill out age and you put it on there without blinking you don't even you don't you don't stop and put down the pen and run outside said, "Mom, now how old? How what what day was I born on?" No, because you identify with a memory that your mama told you because you believe it. Because you believe it. Come on, church. And I was in God and a prophet came and said, "You were born with spiritual amnesia." But I'm coming to remind you of who you were before this world ever began. You're a child, a daughter of God. Let Theophony, King Theophony, influence your memory. So when you go to pray, you don't have to run up and ask the pastor. You think it'd be all right. You think this this? No sir. You're a child. You got benefits. You got inheritance. You've got authority. You got the grace of God. You're a child of God, a son, a daughter of God. But the difference between our father and our our earthly father and our heavenly father is our heavenly father has a memory of what we were before, but he also has a memory of what we will be. So we can remember the future the same as we remember the past because the word has already told us what's going to happen. There's going to be an American pope. I remember that. I remember that when I was a little boy. There's going to be an American pope one day. There's going to be a woman in purple and she's going to rise up in this nation. I remembered as a little boy. I remember the preacher saying that and one day my memory of the future caught up with the instant. Come on, church. And the and it came together. The future and reality. Well, I remember that Russia's going to bomb the Vatican. I remember that America's going to lay in ashes. But I also remember before the first bomb ever drops, the bride will be setting in glory. If he's right about the grizzly bear and he's right about the caribou and he's right about the American pope, he's also right about your future. The blood speaks. It spoke to you tonight. It's speaking right now. It's reminding you your future is in God. I ain't going to let no devil influence my life because he says, "Well, your future's this and your future's this and your He got no control over my future." [Applause] He has no control over my future. Matter of fact, I know his future. My Bible said he'd be cast in the lake of fire, death, hell, and the grave. Brother Steve, I'll be there when it happens. I say, "Save it a little while, sister. We're taking it back. What the devil stole from me, we're taking it back. We're taking back this land. We're taking back this earth for a millennial kingdom for the church of the living God. I don't want just part of it. I want everything that belongs to the church of the living God. Give me the Holy Ghost. Give me the spoken word. Give me the opening of the scriptures. Give me life and truth. Hallelujah. Now, I'm not going to go home empty-handed. As sure as your a gene had to be in your father before your natural birth, your spiritual gene had to be in God because you're an expression of the attribute of his thought before there was a foundation of the world. Now, now you are a gene in God. But the difference between human beings when they have a a child in their loins, it's in their human life and it's expressed a different way. But God carries his gene in the loins of his mind. So therefore, when God speaks, that's his seed life. Come on, church. You are spoken before the world began. You are a spoken word seed child of the living God. [Applause] To be a Christian, you have to be. [Applause] To be a human being, I had to come from a human. To be a Christian, you had to come from God. Christian don't mean church joining. Christian don't mean associations and fellowships. Christianity is the life of God is expressed in a human being. I am dead but yet I live. It is not I that liveth but it's Christ that liveth in me. [Music] [Applause] Then we'll see this. We'll see that before that was a speck of stardust. Before God was even God. Yes, sir. That'd take some preaching to explain, wouldn't it? Before God was even God. Because God is an object of worship. Before he was worshiped. In other words, before there was an angel to worship God. Yes, sir. Amen. And he was known only as eternal spirit. That's right. The bride was already in his mind. Yes, she was. She was existing in his thoughts. Y'all know this. And what about the thoughts of God? They are eternal, are they not? Yes, sir. Come on. You're human, are you not? So, just as you are a gene to become a human being from your father, you also are eternal because you're an eternal life gene from Almighty God. Eternal thoughts of God. Let me ask you, are you the thoughts are the thoughts of God eternal? I love brother Bam. He said, "If you can see this, he you'll see many things." Isn't it odd how blind Leodysia can only see partial things? Y'all know what it is. It's It's considered to be blind, but it says a it sees a lot of things. That's right. No different than when they went down there. You remember brother Bam was talking to a guy one day and he said, "Well, if you're if you have the power like Elijah and Paul," he said, "strike me blind." He said, "I can't. You're already blind." And the guy said, "Well, Paul struck him naturally blind." He said, "But Elisha spoke him spiritually blind." And he said, "You're already blind." Now, now look what he done. He turned and showed where Elisha walked right up to the king of the Syrians. And the king of the Syrians was led into captivity by what he couldn't see. He could see the cabin. He could see Gahesa. He could see a man didn't know he was Elisha. He could see the woods. He could see the army. He could see everything but who Elisha was. And because he couldn't see Elisha, that's what put him in bondage. Come on now. And the same one that closed the king's eye looked over at Gahhesa and said, "Lord, open this boy's eyes." And he went from somebody seeing what he thought was everything until a new dimension was opened up and he could see angels. Come on, y'all. Those angels never did anything. Those angels didn't do anything in that battle at all. It just gave courage to the young man that they was in the battle. And a son or daughter of God, if you just get knowledge and courage of who you are and what's on the inside of you, there's no demons can stand before you because you're the church of the living God. And she will be an invincible army. Well, let me petition you tonight. I believe she's here. I believe I believe this is the time and I believe we are the people. I believe you've been identified. [Applause] The thoughts are are eternal are they not? Now the prophet will go on to say we've studied and proven God's infinite in his abilities. God must be omni omnisient all knowing and he is now not learning. Well, that's a new thing for you and I because we're always learning. That's right. But God's not learning. So God knows everything all the time at one time. He don't have to learn nothing. It's not a developmental stage. He knew in the beginning what you would be in the end. So brother Brandham says it like this. He said now he's then he is not now learning nor is he taking counsel even with himself nor is he at any time adding to his knowledge if he can add to his knowledge then he's not all knowing then the best we could say is that he sometime will be but that is not scriptural he's all knowing he has every he he has never I I tell you this is shout material He has never had a new thought about anything because all his thoughts has always had and always will have and he knows the end from the beginning because thus the thoughts of God are eternal and they are real. He has never had a new thought about anything. Wait a minute then. Uhhuh. Then you can see the way you think from day to day. Well, he loves me. He don't love me. He loves me. He don't love me. I'm going to be saved. I don't know if I'm saved. I'm going to be there. I don't know if I'm going to be there. Now, come on, church. I love a Pentecostal experience, but I don't like Pentecostal doctrine. Their doctrine kept people up and down, up and down, up and down. Because what they do is they preach a sinless perfection. And they teach people that if they get the Holy Ghost, they're not human anymore. But let me tell you, you're going to be human till you go beyond the grave. Until you change this old body on the outside, you're going to be human. So God gave you the Holy Ghost to put this human in check. And when this thing starts rising up, the Holy Spirit says, "Don't do that. Don't go there. Don't say that." But the human will always be there. That's why Paul said there's a battle. That's why there's a battle. And you say, "Well, preacher, I messed up." That don't mean you need to get reborn. [Applause] Come on, church. Don't you let that devil do you that way? Come on. I I I've used this a few times. I hope it'd be all right. Come here a minute, brother. Come here. Let me just say something to you real quick. You know, just because somebody uh has a mistake or it don't mean it changes the person every right might hurt a little and take a couple minutes to kind of walk it off, you know, may maybe even three or four services, get that thing walked off of you good, you know, but but uh what's your name, brother? Charles. Charles. Brother Charles. Brother Charles, I I hate to do this to you, but just see just fall down the floor for me. Just just fall right down on that floor. Yeah. Now, come on. Get back up. Thank you. Thank you. What's your name? Charles. Oh, you're still You didn't turn into a giraffe. You didn't turn into an elephant. You were a son of God going down and you were a son of God coming up. And your name is still Charles. You're still Come on, church. Don't you tell me that if there's some little fall that it's going to change who you are. Get up and walk it off. Tell that devil, "I'm a child of God, and you can't destroy me. I was in God before there was a sin or a sinner or an angel or a devil. And when all of this is over, when this great fall is finished, I will still be [Applause] because God don't get new thoughts. He didn't get up this morning trying to make up his mind who you are. He didn't he he didn't set up and counsel the angels to figure out what's going to be with you. He already had that and he don't have a new thought concerning you. I I love how brother Bam says this. He said, "The purpose of God according to election might stand not of works." Somebody say it. not of works, but of him that calleth. This love. Oh, this is why they threw the church age book out. This love is elective love. [Applause] He fell in love with you and there ain't nothing can change it. [Music] The Bible said while I was yet a sinner, he died for me. He didn't love me anymore, the night I got saved than the night that I was a drunk in the street because he loved me with a love that could save me by the blood of his own son. And when I got saved, the love of God became manifest in my life. This love is elective love. It's his love for his elect and his love for them is apart from is apart from human merit human merit. Now that's where it gets messed up. We've been I've been doing a deep dive into this uh Catholicism and Protestants and because of all the because of all the things that's you know going on in the modern world. I'm not going to preach it all to you tonight, but I've been doing a little deep dive into it, and I found out something that was amazing that some of the greatest uh differences in the Reformation that caused Lutheran to break away was this little word merit. It's called merit. Do you know the Catholics teach what they call a treasury of merits? And and and what you do is basically that you get you get sanctified to get justified. Yeah. Seriously, you you see what you got to get baptism and then that starts you towards your justification. But see the difference between what Luther taught and what they teach is Luther said the just live by faith. Because he took it from Paul when Saul Paul said by grace you are saved and that is through faith. That's right. See then it was faith alone. It wasn't faith and something else. So what they were saying is that you can't work yourself to the place of human merit to become justified before God. There is no merit that can take you in the presence of God. It has to be the blood of Jesus Christ. See, brother Bam said, "See, then that's it. You can only merit salvation through the blood." See, the merits that you need tonight comes from the sovereign grace of God. No matter what you could do, you could never merit nothing. The only thing you can do is believe on him that justifies the ungodly. Yes, sir. Somebody said, "Bro, Wayne, you're getting pretty heavy in this predestination." Well, let me say what Brother Bam said. Show plainly the predestination is the only one that's considered in redemption. [Music] The predestinated is the only one considered in redemption. Do you see? Let me say that. The predestinated is the only ones considered in predemption might be like they think they are and some but the real redemption is to those as predestinated because the very word redeemed means to bring back. Is that right? To redeem anything is to bring it back to its original place. Do you see that it's redemption comes to the predestinated because they were decided or in God and they're only being put back into God. Brother Bam told a beautiful story when he talked about the little eagle that was in the chicken yard. I mean, what a beautiful story. What a beautiful story. Mama Eagle never made baby eagle an eagle. Simply never made him. Baby eagle was just hid away. Before mama ever left the nest, he was already eagle because eagle life was in him. So all she did was flew over the chicken yard. That's all she did. But till she was speaking, the blood begin to speak. And when the blood started speaking, it started hitting the hair drum and the little eagle, the beating of the drum took off. Come on. The beating of the drum, the symphonies begin to change. The books begin to change, begin to move from eagle, amen, from chicken life to eagle life. That's right. You You know what I'm talking about. Mama Eagle never had no records of chicken life. There was no record there at all of chicken life. All she had a record of was eagle life. She come to redeem eagle. This message is an eagle message. And it's come to redeem eagles. That's why you can fly higher. You can fly faster. You can catch the revelation that lays there. You are not like the cousin Hawk. You don't have to sit there and wait on dead roadkill. You can fly into the heavenlies and catch the current revelations. Come on, church. We can't be lazy Christians and depend on revelation that's 100 years old. Come on. We are the church of the living God. There is revelation breaking in this message every day. It's breaking every day. And if you're not staying in this word, you're getting left behind. Come on. I've seen people get in church fights and they get in this little fuss and this little fight and something and five years later that's what they're still talking about. The fight, the fuss. Maybe they had family trouble. Some five years later, that's all they got on their mind. And look at the gap. Look at the faith gap that they missed down through that time. Listen, don't you let anything take your attention off of the revelation of this word. It is revelation that'll give you power. It is revelation that'll give you authority. It's the devil don't want you to know who you are. Troubles everywhere. Look up. Your redemption draws nigh. Put your eyes upon the Lord. Don't let it Don't let the Don't let the revelation moving. Don't Don't Don't get caught up in things. [Music] Do you know why that baby eagle knew it was an eagle? Because it was daddy was an eagle and his grandpa was an eagle and his grandma was an eagle. It was eagle all the way back. There was no time in that eagle's life it was a chicken. It was just in a chicken yard. Come on, church. I don't care how lost it was. It was still illegal. But mama was a redeemer. And when mama started speaking, you know something I think's awesome. Mama spoke. And when mama's voice, it didn't take the baby back to the nest. It took the baby back to creation. This message took us back not just to a church, but the prophet bypassed all of that and took you all the way back in the mind. to let you know that you were here then. So no matter what happened between that time and now, you were an eagle then. So you're an eagle tonight. We never became eagles. We always were eagles. Now you know the Bible. You know it well. You know the Bible says that where the carcass is, they are the eagles. We're the eagles. Now, the carcass is, brother Bam said, see, not the carcass of Luther's age, not the carcass of Wesley's age. He said he also died for this part of the word. This part of the word. He died for the opening of the seals, too. Not just for justification and sanctification. He died so we could preach the realities of the lamb's book of life. He didn't die so we could just talk about justification or the Holy Ghost. He died so we could talk about adoption and sons and daughters of God returning to full inheritance. Do you do you see that's why he said where the carcass is there? The eagles gathered. Then the carcass is the word of the age the eagle feed on. Now now Jesus called it meat in due season. Right? That's what he called it. Meat in due season. The eagles feed there. And brother Bam says, "See, when you recognize that this message is eagle food, when you see this message is Matthew 24 carcass, when you recognize it is meat in season, you have heard from your theophony." Come on, church. You have heard your theophony speak to you. It spoke louder than any church voice. It spoke louder than the voice of your mama and daddy. This this voice has influenced everything in our life. [Music] [Applause] You have heard from your theophony. Brother Wayne, I know God has theophony. Let me tell you, you have theophony, too. When he shall appear, you shall be like him, for you shall see him as he is. Come on, church. You know you got theophony the same as God's got theophony. Absolutely. You got theophony the same as he's got theophony. Do you know that God entered the theophony and talked to Abraham in the Bible? God himself in theophony stepped down and talked to a human being. Now I I don't know maybe maybe when you think start thinking about this but but brother Brandham says it very clearly that all believers go there when they leave here into theophony. But you see that brother Brandham said thank God for the opening of these seals. Amen. That we might be able to see that God came in the spoke to Abraham your father. Now a lot of people ask who who is Melazdc? Brother Brandham preached a sermon. Who is this Melazedc? Now when Paul was preaching it, he said in Hebrews 5, I got a lot of things I could say to you concerning Melazdc. But being that's right that you are babies you have need of milk but strong meat belonging to them of a full when the fullness of a do when the fullness of a when the fullness of Christ in the pyramid there'll come another message [Applause] yeah and Melazdc will be spoken about plainly [Applause] Now, now think about this. Just listen to the title. This will help you. Who is this Melazedc? Can I just ask you in a different way? Who is this? Who is this? [Applause] Melazedc. Who is this? Stephen. Who is this? Mazdc. That's who it is. That's who brought this message. This wasn't William Brandham's message. This is pre-incarnate knowledge. This is knowledge that was before the world began. Where did William, Brother Brandham would talk to a lady and he'd say, "Sister, you know I don't know you." He said, "But before you were here, when you were just a young girl," he said, "Now you know I don't know that. Somebody else knows that." Brother Rand didn't know it. Who knew it? The same one that had him speak to a young lady about a checkered dress and getting bit by a dog was the same one that had him speak to the bride in general about when you was just a child in your father's mind. The enemy entered into the Eden and caused this problem, pre-incarnate knowledge. Now y'all know there ain't nobody but one man knew these things. Who else knew what happened before the world began? Only Jesus knew that. And pre-incarnate knowledge came from God and come into this age. Now brother Brandham says when the question was asked who is this mechazedc he said do you see this was one of the things the seventh angel was supposed to tell you about. He said and being that it's a question he said it behooves me to talk to you about it. So he's telling you it's my job, not Adam Clark's. [Applause] Come on. It's not the school of theology down here. They don't have the job to tell you who Melazdc was. Cuz they say, "Well, it could be a person. It could be a priesthood. It could be. It could be." There's a lot of could be. And what we needed for rapture was not a could be. We needed vindication. We might as well preach. We needed vindication. We needed something knocked the walls of the devil down. We had to break through our unbelief and our confusion. That's why Adam Clark couldn't take us in a rapture. Somebody told me a long time ago, they said, "Well, Brother Brandham, you know, I forget the word they use, plagiarize. He he plagiarized Clark or he plagiarized this guy, this guy." Well, I've read all their books. I'm I'm just going to confess. I've read most all their books. And I did it years ago. Years ago. You know what I found out? I found them quoting this guy. I found them quoting this guy. And then they'll say, "Well, it could be perhaps this. It could be perhaps this. It could be perhaps this." None of them could say, "Thus saith the Lord." But we have moved into the age of adoption where the fullness of the word has come by vindication of the pillar of fire. King theophony has influenced this bride to have a perfect faith. Not a hope so faith, not a maybe so faith, a vindicated faith. So what's the revelation of measc brother Wayne? He was God. [Applause] He was God. And in the beginning was the word. What was before the beginning? What was before the beginning? God. Elohim. So before the beginning, he was known as King Elohim. When he met Abraham, he was known as King Theophony. And when he came as Jesus, he was King Jesus or the King of Kings. He's three different kings. The same as your body, soul, and spirit. He was God. He was theophony. And then he became flesh. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] The effect of the revelation. Come on now. The effect of the revelation. This revelation is not pointless. This revelation is not without meaning. The effect of the revelation is once that Abraham saw that in Genesis 14. In Genesis 18 when that when that Melchazdc came to his tent door in a different skin. in a Genesis 14, he appeared, but he appeared again in Genesis 18. And Abraham said, "Lord," the effect of the revelation was he knew there was one God. And however he appeared, he was still God. And we are Abraham's seed. And we've got the revelation tonight of Elohim. But when Elohim appeared to Abraham, he appeared to him as the word. And that was when he said, "We're Sarah, thy wife." She's in the tent behind you. Why has she laughed? She didn't laugh out loud. She laughed in her heart. Because Paul said, "The word of God is a discerner of the thought and the intent of the heart." And Melazedc of the old became Jesus of the new. And Jesus said,"Simon, thou son of Jonas." Come on, little woman. He said, "Go get your husband." Amen. The same one that stood at the tent door was standing at the well. King Theophony. Come on now. But that one at the well said in the days of Noah and when it's like it was in the days of Lot, two secrets. [Music] Noah's day there was Enoch. In the days of Lot, there was Abraham. And when it's in those days, the Son of Man will appear again like he did there. And then brother Brandham turns his back to the congregation and begins to tell them what they're thinking in their hearts because the same angel that was at the tent door returned in the last days, King Theophony has come to influence this bride into pre-incarnate revelation. As she might know, I've come from God, but I'm going back to God. And there ain't enough devils to keep me from going. [Applause] You ever heard a Theophony preach? Come on, church. Sure. Brother Ram said, "When Jesus went to preach to souls in prison, he preached in a theophony like I saw beyond the curtain of time." Do you know what was going on Friday night? In Saturday evening when the tomb when Jesus body was laying in the tomb, you know what was going on beyond the curtain of time, the theophony was preaching and that was called the third pull. Come on, church. His corporal body ain't here tonight, but the same one that went into hell to deliver Abraham is the same one that comes in this age to deliver the children of God. Amen. that you might have the influence of the message to tell you you have the offhony. You're coming to change. [Music] Come on, folks. We're going from the dust to the stars. And we're going to get there through the flesh. Revelation of how God came into the flesh, died, buried, and rose again to take you with him into the heavens. You know it's true. You know, you know within your heart that you were at that meeting between Abraham and Melanzedc. You were there. Somebody said, "Well, there wasn't nobody there but them two." But the Bible said, the Bible said that he was carrying something in his loins. That Levi was there whether you've seen him or not. Come on, church. And just as Levi was in Abraham, you and I were in Christ. And when Jesus came to the earth, come on. In the rise of the sun, brother Bam said in Gethsemane, the spirit of God left him. He said because we were in him and we went with him to the cross and we paid for our sins at the cross and we died with him and we was buried with him. But we rose with him on the third day and right here this evening. We are identified in the resurrection of Jesus Christ. [Applause] I I I just have to be honest. Sometimes people they get ashamed of the message. Let me tell you something. This ain't something to be ashamed of. Somebody said to me one time said, "Brother Wayne, why do you quote brother Brandham all the time?" [Applause] Well, I you know, I really couldn't I I didn't have a good answer for him, brother. I didn't. I was sitting there thinking, "Well, God, you know why I do, but they don't know why I do." Can Can I Can I tell you what happened to me? You won't think I'm a fanatic. I I was in a hotel room and I had been listening to the tape and I had my laptop. Y'all know how you do. Pull your laptop out and you don't plug it in because you don't want to fool with it, right? Then I was listening to a tape and the battery run out on it. Uh-huh. And I laid there and slept a little while before service and and I just closed the lid on it. My phone rang, got up and it was a brother. He's gone now. It was a brother out in Arizona. And and this brother a month or two in front of this had had been sitting in a service of mine and I was preaching the message and he said, this is his testimony. He said, he said, "I was watching you preach." He said, "And something I said to the Lord." I said, "Lord, that man was born to preach the message of the hour." And he said, "A voice spoke to me and said, "He has been born to do this, but he's having a financial issue with a truck, and you're going to help him." That man met me in the back of the church and walked up to me and said, "You know that little trouble you're having with that financial with that truck?" Now, I was a full-time evangelist and had a truck and and and it was skimpy on the payments. That man never asked me how much I owed on that truck, but he wrote me a check that covered it and the ties that needed to be paid on the check. Never asked me one time what how much money I owed on that truck. Then that same guy Yes, sir. said to me, "Why you quote brother Bram so much?" Now, I'm I'm feeling kind of funny. So, I'm on the phone with him and I said I said, "Well, brother," I said I said, "Because it's God's prophet." And and and and and he said, "Well, the power is in the scripture." I said, "Well, you've never been with me and seen me read one of these quotes." And and I've seen I've seen explosions happen. Just a quote and the power of God dropping. And he said, 'Well, anyhow, well, he gets off the phone with me and I'm standing there and I'm getting ready for church and and I I think I was actually combed my hair or something and I was standing in the mirror and I just stopped and said, 'Lord, I don't want people to think I'm a crazy man. Help me. Give me an answer. Let me know. Let me let me have an answer for these people. And God be my witness. I hear the voice of the prophet and I I'm by myself. So, I back out of the bathroom and I look And his voice is coming from that computer with a dead battery. [Applause] And it's right in the place of unveiling of God. Uhhuh. Where he said the same pillar of fire that wrote the Old Testament visited Paul and wrote the New Testament. He said, "But now it has come to reveal the revelation that was written in it." And he said, "I would rather be identified with that than all of the Baptist and all of the Lutheran or all of anything else." And right there, I picked the phone back up and I called the brother. I said, "Brother, cuz it identifies me. It identifies me. I was in that pillar of fire before. And because I was there, I identify with this message. I'm not ashamed of this message. It's taking me back home. It's telling me who I was. It's telling us where we came from. With vindication and authority. God bless you. Won't you come? I'll preach all night. If you don't, come on. Come on. It's identifying us. See, I was there. I was there with him in Come on. You know, you know you were there. Yes, sir. You were there. And when we start talking about it, you start remembering when we start talking about it. You were there when the Holy Ghost fell on the day of Pentecost. Remember remember how it felt when the power of God begins to walk into a building. Let me tell you, I'm not ashamed of my Pentecostal brothers. I shouted with Peter. I spoke in tongues with James. I rolled in the floor in the Holy Ghost and I got up with Peter when he said this is that which Job prophesied in the last days. This is not a drinking like you would think. This is a new wine. It's the wine of the stimulation of the Holy Ghost. I say pass the bottle again. I say drink away your wearies. Drink away your troubles. I was there. I was there. I was there when they cut Paul's head off. I was right there. I see. I was there back in 3:25 when they started making rules. Back in 3:25 when the church started married into trinitarianism. That's when they started calling me a heretic. Do you know prior to 3:25 ADH that it was the pagans that were killing Christians? But after 3:25 AD, just a few years later, they they they put the edict of Thessalonica and they wrote it, I think it was in 3:13, just a few years later. And they said every person that's not baptized in the trinitarian doctrine of the Nian church would be called a heretic and would die because of their heathenism. And by the year of 380 they made it outlawed anybody that worshiped any other way than the way of the na council called the Roman mother church. Come on now. And they persecuted. Now it wasn't the pagan. It was now what was called Christianity. But from the time of 380 AD all the way to the 1500s, it was the Roman chlet church that did it. But brother, about 1500s, she had babies and Luther was born and Wesley was born and the Baptist was born. Do you know something powerful, brother? Do you know when it was born in Revelations 13? Amen. When the second beast starts coming up out of the land, that was America at Plymouth Rock. And it was in 1496 of course when when when Columbus came, but it was in the mid 1500s when they settled Jamestown. And almost within years, the same time America was settled, the Lutheran church was organized in Germany because the daughters would come up out of You missing what I'm saying? That was the day I become a heretic. That's why the Baptist don't want nothing to do with the message. That's why the Lutheran don't want nothing to do with the message because they're daughters of that of Revelation 17. And they have come against the divine word of God and called us a bunch of heretics. Well, let me tell you this. I am like Apostle Paul in the way of heresy. I worship the Lord God our father. [Applause] And brother, I was there when Luther got mad and preached the reformation. And I was there when Wesley stood up. And I was there when 1906 when Seymour started speaking in tongues and the gifts begin to move in the church. But I didn't stay there. See, that's why I don't identify as a Lutheran because the pillar of fire, which I'm a part of, it moved through the Lutheran. And what was left was the Lutheran denomination. But I don't identify as a Lutheran. I'm a part of that pillar of fire. And it moved on to sanctification. And it moved on to the Holy Ghost. And it moved on to the adoption of sons under the message of William Brham. And brother, I I was there when little little light came in a room down there in Jeffersonville, just across the river in Kentucky. I was right there in 1909 on April the 6th. And I was there when he seen a vision of a bridge falling. Somebody said, "The bridge didn't fall." It did. I was there. [Music] I was there. Sure. I was there when the flood happened. I was there when brother Bam's baby died. I was right there. I was right there when that angel appeared to him in 47 and sent this message into St. Louis. And the second place it hit was Jonesboro, Arkansas, within 35 miles of where I lived. You don't think God didn't have some seed down in Jonesboro, Arkansas? and my great grand or my my wife's grandmother and granddad and my granddad and half of our family was in them meetings in 47 and in the 50s. Amen. And they come home telling us God has sent a prophet in this generation and brother I was there. But that pillar of fire just kept moving and it appeared in Sam Houston Coliseum. [Applause] Oh. Put the cameras over here, brothers. I know. I know the devil don't like this one. But I want y'all to know something. I didn't take that picture. Brother Steven didn't take the picture. There wasn't any Brandham followers took that picture. It was the critics of divine healing that took that [Applause] picture. You know what that is? That's like picking up the sword out of Goliath's hand and cutting his head off with it. And God has given you this picture to tell every devil out of hell. We are identified with the one that wrote this Bible. We're identified with the God that created the heavens and the earth, we are not just a church. We're not man followers. Get that out of your mind. I could take you to the date wherever church started. It's in history. I've been reading all about it, but you can't show me the date this started because that pillar fire was active before brother Brandham came. But it just kept leading us and kept leading us. And brother Bam said, "There's more for you." And he led us into the opening of the seals. That's why I was there when this cloud appeared in sunset, Arizona. I was there. I was there. I identify that is my headship. And I'm not going to let no weak need, sire down, watered down preacher or devil or anything else take that out of my hands. You can kill me, but you can't take away what God gave me. And I don't know what that is because somebody told me God revealed to me what happened in that Amen. [Applause] Amen. You don't have to take this. Preacher, my brother. Amen. But when Brother Brandham was caught up in that, I believe that. Somebody said, "Brother Wayne, what's the seven seal? What's the seventh seal? What's the seven seal?" I can show you a direct quote. And brother Bram said, "There were seven angels in that consolation." That's right. But that one that had that seventh message. The messenger of the seventh seal. He said that's the seventh seal. He came to me [Applause] who held the seals who held the book. Come on, church. What is the seven seal? It was that angel of the covenant coming to William Brandom with the opening of the word to lift this bride. That's why I'm identified right here. And that's why I didn't stop with what he said in ' 63, but I went on to 65 and saw him turn that picture and say it wasn't just angels, but the Lord was up there. See his eyes, see his face, seeing pardon the sinner. I was right there. But brother, when they buried that prophet in that tomb, that God didn't stop. No sir. And what a what a tragedy that many people identify only to that place. But that prophet introduced us to one before he left. And he said, "I have been a burning and bright light for a season. But I am not he, but I am here to declare he is here." And let me say this, he is still here. King Theophony is still with the church of the living God. Let him influence you. Let him influence your thoughts. Let him influence your mind. Let him influence everything. God bless you. Stand to your feet with me tonight. Let him influence you. Let this message. It's this message is not it's not the influence of brother Steven or Wayne Lawson or sir. No sir. It's the influence of King Theophony. [Music] crystal clear revelation. You remember when it was so foggy? Remember years ago when it was so foggy and then watch it started clearing Yes, sir. And the men used to be able to say, "Well, it could be maybe." But all of a sudden, men of God started getting clarity on they started saying, "It's this. It's this." And with it become the revelation. Begin to lift the people. Begin to begin to lift them. Hallelujah. And I believe tonight the influence of this message can lift you. That's right. It can lift you, friend. It lift you out of problems. Lift you out of your troubles. Whatever you're in tonight, listen, this message is lifting power. Glory to God. Amen. I I've been studying I've been studying the seals pretty deeply lately. And in third seal, brother Bram comes up through there and he says something real clearly. He said, "The word become incarnate, the things of Isaiah D." And he said, "The disciples even missed it." Remember it. They said, "We thought Elijah must first come." He said, "Even the disciples missed it." He said the Pharisees, he said they all missed it. The Bible said he came into the world. the world knew him not. Remember and then brother Brandham turns around and he says, "You say, Brother Brandham, then what's the reason that we would continue if people miss it?" Because you know that first coming wasn't even promised to be a secret. There's no promise the first coming was a secret at all. But the second but the second would be a secret. Hallelujah. And they all missed it. And brother Bam said, "You say them, why should I try?" He said, "Let me tell you this is the kind of faith you ought to have." Now you know preaching saves the lost. You know that. But brother Brandham said, "But his teaching, that's it, brother. Will positionally place the bride. [Applause] And he said, "Until you positionally know who you are, you will never have the right kind of faith. The right kind." And he said, "This is what I want you to remember. You want to have this kind of faith. If there's only one going, it's me. [Applause] [Music] If there's just one, I'm the one." He said, "If you don't remember it like that, there's something wrong with you." So, you just tell them. Say, "I don't know who's going, but I know I am." That's the right kind of faith. That's the right kind of faith. Let's bow our hearts. Almighty God, we thank you tonight. We thank you for this lovely congregation, Father. We thank you for the liberty on your word. We ask you tonight that you would touch this generation, this believers that have filled this place tonight, Father, the gifts of song and the great gifts of teaching and the word that you have here, Lord. We pray that you bless them. May you bless their efforts, Lord. May you give them fruit for their labors. And Father, I pray tonight that the the word of life that has been spoken, may it have an influence, Lord. Yes, Lord. And father, I pray I I pray tonight that the influence of your word would lead them to higher heights, to a security of faith, Lord, that would position them in your great body. Father, I pray tonight that you would lead them, you would give them the desires they have need of. Father, if there's one tonight, maybe they have maybe they're tripped up a little bit. I pray, Father, you help them tonight to learn how to walk it off. Amen. I pray they get up and just go back to walking. Let them get up and dust off, Lord, like your prophet said. Let us get right back up and get to doing. I ask you tonight that you would help them, Lord. Touch the young people, Lord. Give them grace tonight. Now, we commit this service into thy faithful hands. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you, my friends. [Music] I love you, Lord. Lord, for your mercy never fails me. And all my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Lift your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest night. You are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have lived in the goodness of [Music] God. And all my life you have been faithful. Oh Lord. And all my life you have been so [Music] good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life and all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. It's morning after me. You wonder your goodness is running out. It's running after me. With my life paid down, I'm your turn now. I give you [Music] everything. Your goodness is running after running after. Your goodness. Your goodness is running after you running after me. Your good is running after. You running after me. When my life laid down and surrendered now. I give you everything. Your goodness is running after morning after me. All my life you have been saved. Oh, all my life you have [Music] been with every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. [Music] I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I see your promises and fulfillment. All of my life. all of my life. I see the evidence. I see the evidence of goodness all over my life. All of my life. I see your promises. I see your promises fulfilled all my life. Oh, I see the evidence of this message. I see the evidence of It's all over my life. All over my life. All over my life. I see the seven fulfillment. I see the seven fulfillment. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All over my life. All my life and all my life you have been faithful. All my life, Lord, and all my life you have been so good with every breath that I have made. I will sing of the greatness of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's give him some praises tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The influence of King Theophony. Amen. All over our lives. Amen. That's why we don't do anything until we see what the word say, what the message say. We want the message to influence our life. There is nothing to add, nothing to say. Everything has been preached perfectly. Brother Wayne, God bless you for the sacrifice. Hallelujah. Let's go ahead and bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are approaching you again humbly tonight. Father, thanking you for this convention night that you have given us, Lord, speaking to our soul, touching our life, healing our body, filling your children, Lord, quickening those that were down, Lord. Father, refreshening those that were getting blurred by the devil, and Lord, stabilizing your children again with such a powerful sermon, Lord. Father, remember your man's servant and look at the sacrifice he's doing for your kingdom, Lord. Father, remember his church and he remember the family, Lord. Father, I pray that you replenish him, Lord. Father, and may you bless him beyond what he's expecting, Lord. Father, I commit also the church unto the hand, Lord. And everyone that is online, Lord, Father, may you bless them and give us travel mercy, Father. If time's t Lord Father, may we meet again, Lord Father, on the weekend to things about to to talk about the things of the kingdom. We thank you and commit everything unto thy hand in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. I'm going to get the glory. I'm going to get the glory. So, we can go home with that one. Do you need this? I'm going to let the glory roll with the rolling golden glory. Oh, I'm going to get myself that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get here. I'm going to let the glory roll. Glory open the road. Rolling glory. Oh, I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is worth. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. Oh well. I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why I never can't shout about the love that my soul. I must confess I can't express the feelings deep inside me. This thing I know and cannot show. One day when all of I'm going to let the rolling rolling rolling. Yes. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have my life with the life feels over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, oh the clouds and I shout so loud and rain like thunder, my tearful eyes will fill the skies until it looks like rain. When I leave this world, the gates fall. I stand before my sing. Let the glory roll from the running of my name. I'm going to let the glory roll. I'm going to get [Music] myself. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried [Music] [Applause] away when I get the time that I'm going to have my life of my life is over. I'm going to let it carry away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the I want to let the glory roll. When the roll is gold in glory, I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king. That day, I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, glory. Oh, I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside Jesus. I'm going to have a time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. carried away. When I get carried [Applause] away, I'm going to let the glory moment. I'm going to get beside myself when I get you. That's it. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life being over. I'm going to get carried away when I get turned. I'm going to let the glory. I'm going to let the glory roll. Rolling [Music] sing. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get one more time, let the glory roll. When the road is called in glory, I'm going to get beside myself when I get you. That's I'm going to have the time of my life where the time of my life is for I'm going to get carried away. I get carried away. [Music] [Music] I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. The glory rolling rolling glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get to that. I'm going to have a time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried away. I'm going to let the glory roll. Let the glory roll in the rolling roll in glory. Yeah. I want to get [Music] myself. I'm going to stop. [Music] I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I don't I'm going myself. I'm going to have the time of my life when my life is over. I'm going to get carried away when I get carried the glory roll. I'm going to let the glory roll in the road. I'm going to get myself. I'm going to have the time of my life. The time of my life is over. I don't want to get carried away. When I get carried away, hear me.
