################################################################################
START OF FILE: 0000-00-00 - Error Fetching YouTube Data - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     0000-00-00
Title:    Error Fetching YouTube Data
Speaker:  Israel Powe
Church:   Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 3h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7CI2vxXN0EQ
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Good morning everyone. Can we all stand? Welcome to Sunday school class. We're going to be finishing with our message. What is the Holy Ghost given for? We'll start at paragraph 151. Let's all bow our heads in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful to be here this morning. Well, we're thankful for the health and strength, &gt;&gt; Lord, and the Holy Ghost, Lord Jesus, the spirit of Christ among us. We pray, Father, that we'd, Lord, draw closer to you this day, Lord, that we'd all be a part of the body of Christ. Father, we're looking for everything that you have for us. Thank you, Lord, for saving our souls, Lord, for dying on the cross for us. And Lord, we look for your soon coming, Lord, and the resurrection. Lord, remember us, Father. Lord, we we believe according to your word, Lord. And Father, the things that you have said that we could be there, Lord Jesus. Be with the young people, Lord, in their Sunday school class also, Lord, and every visitor and everyone that may may be on the way this morning, Lord. our pastor, Lord, and whatever is you have planned for our services today, Lord, we pray your blessing, your anointing upon it. We ask it all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Only believe, only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. only be. &gt;&gt; You may be seated, brother Brennan. &gt;&gt; Now, a a grain of wheat or corn will take like Jesus said there. Of course, a a corn in the Bible, I was just reading it today, refers to flax or any kind of seed. But wheat, barley, lathe, or anything, it's a corn. But when a corn or wheat falls into the ground, now this all of us here have seen know this happens. A corn of wheat or a grain of corn can look as perfect as it can be. And you put it in the ground and if that corn it has perpetual life. It'll go down today, reproduce itself in a stalk and come back down and go up again and come back down. It's perpetual life. If that corn hasn't got the germ of life in it, no matter how beautiful it looks, it'll never raise. It'll go to the ground and rot and that's it. Part of it, the materials can be used for fertilizing things in the ground. But as far as it ever living again, it'll never live unless it's got perpetual life in it. Anyone knows that? &gt;&gt; You just can't. There could be two men. One of them just exactly both of them just alike. One of them can be a good man. He can do good works. He can do so forth. But except that man has eternal life in him. He'll never rise in the resurrection. &gt;&gt; He can't do it. There's nothing there to reign. There's nothing to bring him up. There's no life. So you see, my dear brother, my dear sister, except the man be born again, he can in no wise come back into this kingdom. &gt;&gt; He can't except this corner wheat falls into the ground and dies. He's talking of himself. But he had not perpetual life. He had eternal life. And the life he gave to you that you might have the same kind of life. Now, if you've just got human life enough to move you around, lust, she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she is alive. You can't rise. You might be the most popular girl in school. You might be the most popular girl at the card game of your society. You might be the best dressed woman in the country. You might be the prettiest. You might be the best built. You might be an idol to your husband. You might be all these things, which that's wonderful. But sister, unless you have the Holy Ghost in you, which is eternal life, at the end of this road, you are finished. &gt;&gt; And I don't care what you look like or how these things are, how unpopular or popper you are, how pretty or how ugly. If you've got eternal life there, you'll live forever and forever. When the moon and stars is gone and the earth has weeped itself into the mountains and the deserts and everything has has it's no more and the worlds are toddling like a drunk man coming home at night and the stars refuse to shine and fall from the heavens and the moon turns into blood and the the sun blushes and hides its face. When to see the son of man coming, you'll shine in the righteousness of Jesus Christ to come forth from the grave as a young beautiful woman to take your mate and live forever and forever and forever and all eternal ages you'll still be living. &gt;&gt; That's what the Holy Ghost is for. &gt;&gt; If you feel the least tug, don't turn it away. &gt;&gt; What is the Holy Ghost? God in you. What's it for? to continue his work among his people to bring his church together to bring a church to a place in this day far beyond the Lutheran, Methodists and Pentecostals into a place to a adoption and a rapture grace that when this part of the church when the spirit moves into this church here, it'll just raise and it'll bring forth bring forth all of the redeemed that's touched that spirit. Those Lutherans who stood there with all the life they had in justification. Those Methodists that fell on the floor and they throw water in their face from the spirit strike them through sanctification. Those Pentecostals that they walked up and down the street and call them tongues to lung and oh jabbers and goose language and all of that. They'll stand in the righteousness of the sight of God at that day. Just as certain as this Bible stands here, if you believe me to be a servant, you call me as prophet. I don't call myself that. But you listen. I'm telling you in the name of the Lord, those that are in Christ will God bring with him at his coming at the resurrection. And only those that are in Christ. How do we get in Christ, folks? By one creed, we are all joined in. No. By one handshake, we are all pulled in. No. By one water, we are all baptized in. No. Or by one denomination, we are all denominated in. No, but by 1 Corinthians 12:13, by one spirit, &gt;&gt; Holy Spirit, God's spirit, we are all Methodist, Baptist, Luther, Presbyterian, walk in the light as he is in the light. We have fellowship one with another in the blood of Jesus Christ, God cleans us from all unrighteous by one spirit. We are all baptized into one body and been made partakers of his grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You cannot go to judgment. He that heareth my words and believeth, no man can believe until he's got the Holy Ghost and believeth on him that sent me when the Holy Ghost has testified of his resurrection. Hath eternal life and shall never come into judgment, but has passed from death unto life. &gt;&gt; What? You'll never catch the judgment. You'll never stand at the white throne for judgment. You meet your judgment right here. You pass your judgment when you pass and say, "I'm no good and my learning IS NO GOOD." LORD, COME INTO ME AND TAKE ME AND LEAD ME, LORD. I DON'T CARE WHAT THIS CRAZY word says. Lead me, Lord. But your spirit. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You've judged them. Judge yourself as a fool for Christ and in his righteousness that day we'll stand in mortal in his likeness &gt;&gt; only one way how by one spirit we are all baptized &gt;&gt; into one body and when you're in that body judgment has already judged that body and you've accepted him as the propitiation of your sins you say I've done that brother Brandham Then if the Holy Ghost has come back and give you a seal as a sign that spirit brings you into the body of Christ, you turn back the other way and you're a new creature in Christ Jesus. You pass from death into life. Old things IS GONE AND YOU ARE NEW IN CHRIST. &gt;&gt; OH, please let me persuade you, my Christian brother or sister. Don't let this revival pass you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You must receive the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; What is it? The spirit of God. What was it for? To lead you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Guide you, &gt;&gt; fill you, &gt;&gt; sanctify you, &gt;&gt; call you out into the church. What is a church? What does the word church mean? Called out, separated. &gt;&gt; Amen. Oh, how I could take a sermon from that right now. Called out, separated, aliens away from the world, pilgrim and stranger, &gt;&gt; professing, and we have here no earthly city that we desire to live in. Oh my. As Abraham and Isaac and Jacob, sold dwelling in tents in the land. They professed and they were pilgrims and strangers, the seed of the air, the heir back there, the father of the air. We are their seed. And they was looking for a city whose builder and maker was God. &gt;&gt; Amen. THEY WERE SEARCHING. AND TODAY, THEIR SEED IS STILL LOOKING for a city that comes in. I don't want to get adjusted in this world. I don't want nothing to do with this world. I want I'm looking for a city that's built for square. I'm looking for a city that's got eternal life where the sun will never go down. Where there'll never be old age, where there'll never be a crepe on a door knob or a grave ON A HILLSIDE. I'M LOOKING FOR THAT CITY WHO'S BUILDER AND MAKER of God. &gt;&gt; There's only one way to find it. There was a stone cut out of the mountain without hands. It rolled into the world and smashed it out and become like wheat or chaff on the thrashing floors. Let that stone to Christ Jesus, that stumbling stone to the world, a stone of an offense, a laughing stone, a stumbling block to the church, but a precious and a large stone to the believer. Amen. &gt;&gt; A stone of assurance, a stone of rest. &gt;&gt; Oh my resting. I know that I have passed from death unto life. My soul is at rest. Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come unto me all you labor and heavy laden, and I'll give you rest to your soul. a a sign. That's to be evil spoken of, said uh the prophet to Mary. It'll be a sign. Sure it will. But it'll be an assurance. It'll be a love. It'll be a satisfaction. It'll be something that you know you've passed from death unto life. My brother, my sister, as your brother, as your servant in Christ, let me persuade you as all my heart. Don't you let this go over your head or go by you or under you. Receive it into your heart &gt;&gt; and you'll be a happy person on earth. I'm not promising you you'll get a million dollars. No sir, brother Leo. I think there's been too much of that promise. Now, millions of dollars of things that different ones say if you be a Christian, you'll get a million dollars and you'll be a rich man. I'm not promising you nothing. I'm promising you this. The only thing I can promise you, his salvation, his grace is sufficient for every trial. The people at Pentecost, they didn't even want what they did have. &gt;&gt; I talk about millionaires. They didn't want what they had. Sister Angie, like hear you and Gertie sing one of these days. What she had homecoming week one of these days. &gt;&gt; Many of them done passed across the border since then. Oh my. They didn't ask for great things. They didn't ask for money. While Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have, I'll give it to you." And I say that tonight, friends, the joy, the love, the assurance that I have of Christ and his resurrection, such as I have, I offer to you. I offer to you as God's children. And you come and stay at the cross if God called you. And don't you get up when you come tomorrow night, you come either to go in here and stay till it's over or come up and we're going to pray and lay hands on you. Go. That's the order of the Bible. Lay hands on them for the Holy Ghost. And then we're going you go to your home if you stay right there. If you stay all night, stay the next day, stay the next day, stay through the holiday, stay through the first year, stay on, stay until that whatever we instruct about tomorrow night showing you in the Bible what has to come will come. And when it comes, then there is enough devils and torment. You know you've passed from death into the life. You're a new creature in Christ Jesus. The joy bells of heaven are ringing. Brother Opel, I'm telling you, it just sets you a father. Here's an old boy sitting. You're an old brother of mine. That was a gangster &gt;&gt; walking with guns on his side looking for a man around the corner, somebody to blow their brains out. And what happened? One day he looked and believed unto walked on. He followed my meetings. And a poor guy with not enough to eat and laid and slept in bushes by the side of the tent. hungering and thirsting. One day the Holy Spirit come. Oh my brethren, it changed you, didn't it? It brought life and took death away. Hatred left and love come in. Oh my. Unity and strife all fell away. New life come in. Look here. Others times others. Others times others now through there. Oh, the joy bells of heaven ring. And friends, there's be no way for me to express it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Listen, I might leave this. If you have believed my testimony as a servant of Christ and have tried to show you out of God's Bible, it's right. And if my words seem like they might be just a little strange about this, look at that picture in the scientific world. What's the fruit that this pillar of fire that led the children of Israel? What's the fruit it bears? Yeah. &gt;&gt; See what it does. What it tells. It's not me that speaketh. It's him that speaketh through you. &gt;&gt; It's not me that sees the vision. It's him that speaks through you. It's not me that heals the sick. It's him that's in you heals the sick. &gt;&gt; It's not me that preaches. I'm a backward coward and run from the very thought. But it's him that speaks through. I don't know the word, but he knows it. That's it. That's it. That's what it is. And there he is. That same angel of God is right here in this building tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, how I love him. Now, how many wants to receive the Holy Ghost? Take the examination of our lives. How many hasn't received it and wants to raise up your hand? Say, "Brother Brand, the depths of my heart, I want to receive the Holy Ghost." God bless you everywhere. How many of you that has received it and would like to go like Acts 4 and say, "Oh Lord, oh Lord, stretch forth thy hand the healing, showing signs and wonders in the name of thy holy child Jesus, and give me all boldness and love to speak and a new filling." &gt;&gt; Yes, yours mine, too, God. Give it to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us bow our heads in the deepest of sincerity. Each person holding your desire in your heart. Lord Jesus, we close this little gathering tonight after the fellowship around the word and the Holy Ghost. How he has blessed us and poured out into our hearts the oil of his word. There are ministers, there are men here that were all walks of life that's tasted and seen the Lord is good. &gt;&gt; We know what the Holy Spirit is now, a promise of God. It is eternal life to as many as believe. And we know that the Holy Spirit was the spirit of Jesus Christ sent back and he's in us today. As God was above us in that pillar of fire, then he walked with us in the a body that was called Emmanuel, God with us. &gt;&gt; And now he is in us by the Holy Spirit, God in us. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jesus said, "At that day, you'll know that I am in the Father &gt;&gt; and you are in me and I am in you." You'll understand it that day because you're in a world of darkness as to say now, but at that day you'll understand. Father, it could not be made plain and perfect because then we'd have nothing to have faith for. But all works of God is governed by faith and by faith in your word in the evidence of the Holy Spirit that we know is now. I ask that every hungry soul in here will be filled with the Holy Ghost. those who do not have it and are hungering for it. Just remember we had say to them Lord like this that you said blessed are you when you do hunger and thirst you shall be filled. That's a promise and it's even blessed to be hungering. You're blessed to even know that God has spoke to you for it said no man can come to me except my father draws him first. Lord, those who are old veterans here, they put up their hands. I had up mine. Oh Lord, give us strength. Give us power to stretch forth the hand of thy holy child, Jesus, that signs and wonders might be done. That it might be a deeper ministry, a greater thing that's ever happened yet. Give us boldness and love to speak to the people. Grant it, Lord. Be with us in all things we ask in Jesus name. And tomorrow night, Lord, may there come such a rushing mighty wind fall into this building that it'll be just like another day of Pentecost. The foundation's been laid, everything is ready, the ox are killed, the fatlins are killed, the rams are killed, the table is set, the guests are invited. Oh Lord, send a jubilee of Pentecost tomorrow night into this building and fill every soul with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Granted, Father, we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise God. &gt;&gt; We'll learn a lot of things. We'll have a heart that's made of gold perhaps a thousand strings. We'll sing and shout and dance about. The lamb will dry our tears. We'll have one home from homing. the first 10,000. Amen. The precious blood of God's own son has cleansed and sanctified. A wonderful bar his name and they are called the bride. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh nected and despised. One day the Lord will bring those chosen ones in the gate. And that's where Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Thank you. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Swing on a sweet cherry. Car us home. Swing home. Sweet cherry coming for to carry me home. Oh, I looked over Jordan and what did I see coming for to carry me home? A band of angels coming after me, coming for to carry me home. Swing on sweet cherryot coming for to carry me home. Swing more. Sweet cherry coming for to carry me home. Now if you get there before I do coming for to carry me home. Tell all my friends I'm coming to coming for to car me home. Oh swo. Well, let's stand as we sing it one more time. Chariot coming forth to carry me home. Swing low. Sweet cherry on coming forth. Sing it one more time. Brother Chris, will you come open our service with a word of prayer? Swing low. Sweet cherry coming for to carry me home. Swing more. Sweet cherry coming for to car me home. God bless you. Dear Lord, we just want to invite you to come here today, Lord. Just let us worship you, Lord. Dear Lord, we ask to be fed this morning, Lord. We ask that our brother Israel, Lord, that you'll bring a feast to this morning, Lord Jesus. Dear Lord, we love you so much. We desire you to be here, Lord. We just thank you for everything you've given us. We just thank you so much, Lord. Dear Lord, we just ask you to be in this service and encourage us, Lord. We all ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Would you mind just turn around, shaking hands with a few people that are around you this morning? Good to be together in the house of the Lord again today. Each time I stop and take the time to look around me, I see the sign of his appearing everywhere. The things he said would come to pass are now for us. And I can feel a strange excitement in the air. Oh, think about this. Just any day now. Our Lord is coming. He will be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. Oh, there's a longing in my heart. Oh, there's a longing in my heart for his appearing. I'll gladly leave behind these trials here below. For this journey is so long and I'm so weery. Oh, but I still have an excitement this morning. I feel that I am so much closer home. Just any day. Now our Lord is coming. He will be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting. Just any day now is f. Sing that chorus again as you're seated this morning. Just any day now, our Lord is coming. He will be returning for you and me. Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just any day now. His face I'll see. And it's not by might, it's not by power, but it's by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power. But it's by my spirit, saith the Lord, that this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed by my spirit, saith the Lord. Let's sing that one more time. It's not by might. It's not by power, but it's by my spirit, saith the Lord. It's not by might. It's not by power. But it's by my spirit, saith the Lord, that this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed by my spirit, saith the Lord. And he is everything. He's everything to me. He is everything. He's everything to me. He's my father and my brother. My sister and my brother. He's everything to me. Yes. He's everything. He's everything to me. He's everything. He's everything to me. He is my father. He's my mother. He's my sister and my brother. He's everything to me. Alas, and did my savior bleed? And did my sorrow die? Would he devote that sacred hand for such a worm as I at the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by grace. I receive my sign and now I'm happy all the day. Was it for Christ that I have done that he groaned upon the tree? Amazing pity. Grace unknown and love beyond degree. or at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my sign and now I'm happy all the day. dwell by the sun in darkness high and shut his glory. When Christ the mighty maker died for man the creature sin. Oh, at the cross, at the cross, where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. Oh, it was there by faith. I received my side and now I'm happy all the day. I trust the grief and everything the debt of love I own. Here Lord I give myself away is all that I can do. more at the cross. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away, for it was there by faith. I received my side and now I'm happy all the day. A vessel of honor for God. A vessel of honor for God. sanctified, holy, that I might be a vessel of honor for God. How many can you say, Lord, that's my desire this morning. I want to be a vessel upon earth for God. A vessel of honor for God. sanctified, holy, that I might be a vessel. Stand and sing it one more time as the brothers come for the prayer request. Oh God, Lord, a vessel for you, Lord. The vessel of honor for God. A vessel of water for God. sanctified, holy, that I might be a vessel of honor for God. &gt;&gt; Good morning, saints. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good. Grateful to be in the house of the Lord with each one of you this morning. We had eight children, six Bibles and $4 for the offering this morning. A little lighter than normal. We're missing uh some of the crowd here, the Morrises. I think we're missing the Smiths and different ones. So, we sure want to hold them up in prayer. Thankful for our visitors this morning. Glad that you could be here with us. Our solid rock brothers there tell me they work on trees, but they're rocks to me, petrified wood. So nice to have the zinc this morning. Our precious sister Lori in the back there, she's getting along so much better and getting around, but she's got a need this morning. Want to hold hold up before the church. She says, "Please remember me in prayer as the coming Wednesday. I'm having a procedure to remove the filter that was in place to block blood clots. Bit nervous asking the Lord to be with us, be with the doctors and grant us peace." And I know the Lord would do that. She says, "God bless you." So certainly remember our precious sister Lorie Snow. Our precious brother Trevor Boyd is not feeling well. I know he's working tons of hours. So remember him for strength and the touch that he needs. Trevor this morning also brother Edward. Sister Bethany McFaten. They'll be taking the baby I guess to Pennsylvania. Is that to see the parents? Is that where your parents are? So we want to remember them this week as they take that long journey with the baby. Would you do that this week for these saints? A few of you will. That'd be good. and the rest of you will remind you. Uh there's a uh just to mention those that are some missing seats. So if you see a missing seat, just remember those around you this morning as we approach the Lord. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church this morning. Lots of things we could be doing, Lord. But as this song we were just singing says, we want to be an honor to you and just submit to you, Lord. The other songwriter says, "Whatever it takes, Lord, to be more like you, that's what I'll be willing to do." Oh, God. That's the desire of our heart this morning. Help us to have that desire, that one true desire, God. Whatever it takes to be more like you, Lord, we know you're going to bring the word through our precious brother Israel this morning. May our ears be ready to hear from heaven. Maybe it's something different than we've heard before. Maybe we don't completely understand, but we know there will be a nugget for us this morning if we just be attentive, Lord, and ready to hear from heaven. So, help our hearts to be open to that this morning. We appreciate the touch that you've given us, Lord, in our family. Sister Tila, we see here, Lord, different ones that have been in the battle, Lord, a physical battle. We know there are financial and other troubles and political seasons, but we don't aren't distracted by that today. We're just focused on the word and whatever it takes to be more like you. Lord, help us to do that this morning as we collect tithes and offerings. Lord, a sacrifice, another sacrifice of praise, we bring to you the little that we can and knowing that you will magnify it, grow it, Lord, for the kingdom of God. As we bring it cheerfully this morning, we thank you for it. Precious name of our Lord and Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. All God's people say I need. I need thee every hour. I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee, oh, and now my Savior, I come to thee, Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all, Jes. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Oh Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name. Let's tell him that again. Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. Oh, I love to praise your name, Jesus. How I love to praise your name. Jesus, you're still the first, the last, the same. Oh Jesus, you died and took away my shame. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. He's my soon and coming king. Oh Jesus, you're the soon and coming king. Oh Jesus, we need the love that you can bring. Oh Jesus, we lift our voices up and sing. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name. That last the first verse one more time. You're the sweetest name of all. You are the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Jesus, pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, sweetest name of all. Amen. And you can be seated if you like. Out on the storms raging high, the waters around them. They were troubled that night. Fear filled their hearts and they thought they would die. They failed to remember that the master was nine. But he spoke the words and the winds all stood still. Even the waters they oyed his will and he calmed their storms just like he will mind if I just remember that he lives deep inside. Also why should I worry? Why should I fear when this very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I call on his name till the storm passes by. But read in the Bible how he walked with them, brought light to their darkness when the way grew on him. How great it would be to have his steps leading mine and to walk with the master. all of the time. Oh, so when trials come and death seems so nice, I'll just call on the master. I know we'll get there on time. And when sickness comes and my body is in pain, all I have to do is just call on his name. So why should I worry? Why should I fear when the very same Jesus stays always near? He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. Call on his name till the storm passes by. Oh, and why should I worry? Why should I fear when this very same Jesus, he stays always near. He lives in my heart and he hears when I cry. I call on his name till the storm passes by. It's beginning to rain rain. Hear the voice of the father sing. And whosoever will come drink of this water, I promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. So if you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It's beginning to rain. The turtle dove is singing his sweet song of morning. All the leaves of the trees turn their silver cups to the sky. The silent clouds above are beginning to gather. The bear and land is thirsty. Lord, so am I. But it's beginning to rain. Rain, rain. Hear the voice of the father. He's saying, "Whoever will come drink of this water, I promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. beginning to rain. At the first drop of rain. Well, at the first drop of rain that you feel, bro. Go call all your children together and throw wide the door. And when the rains of the spirit are fallen, Lord, fill every vessel. For he who drinks his f will thirst no more. It's beginning to rain, rain, rain. Hear the voice of the father. He's saying, "Whosoever will come drink of this water?" For I promise to pour my spirit out on your sons and your daughters. If you're thirsty and dry, look up to the sky. It's beginning to rain. You can say, "Lord, that's my desire this morning. Just more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things I've had my fear and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of you. will let the musicians play in it. Lord, that's my desire this morning. More of you. He's all that matters. Does it matter what this world has to offer us? What good does it do us if we gain the whole world, but we don't have him? Lord, we need more of you this morning. Fill us, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Lord, that's our desire today. Come and fill every vessel this morning, Lord. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you saints. Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we ask you to bless this portion of the service Lord as we come as humble as we uh know how Lord to ask you to cover us with your precious blood Lord. And may we approach uh this portion of the service with all sincerity. Oh God, if there be anything in us that is needs correcting, please Lord have your way in our in our lives. Lord, don't let us be arrogant or resistant to the moving of your precious Holy Ghost. Father, help us to get out of the way, Lord, and to come into your presence and then reap the benefits of coming in your presence. Bless everyone that's gathered here today. Bless the Saints and Mesa and those that could not be here. Father, we just give you all the praise and all the glory. In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, we ask these blessings. Amen. God bless each of you. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord with you today. It's always a privilege to be in the find oursel in the house of the Lord to praise him. Amen. We like to welcome all of our visitors. And brother um Ben has a in the back there a gentleman here for the first time. We'd like to welcome him. Um and his name is brother Isaac Isaac Jimmerson. So we like to welcome you my brother. Happy that you made it to House of the Lord. Also the Zincas Tom and Tommy Zinca. Good to have them always. And and I think the Dinguals are leaving sometime soon. And we just pray that not that we want you to leave soon, but that the Lord will uh just bless them. They've just been just a tremendous help to we can't thank them enough. Amen. and we certainly appreciate them and each and every one of you. Um, this morning just before we go into the word, I think we've done all of our announcements and so forth and so I'll take a little time to um, so I think I got all the visitors, right? Yes. All right. just to take a little time to uh give you a little bit what's the desire on my heart um as we move forward in our service to the Lord particularly as it pertains to this church obviously um we have normally we have it our adult Sunday school class and that is a usually a series on the Holy Ghost or the church ages or something like questions and answers. And at the end of those, I'd like to have one Sunday school, adult Sunday school where we would bring all those things together. And so, um, just to make it like a Sunday school, just to recap what we heard, we've taken 15 minutes or 20 minutes of the tape um through those series. I think we were in the Holy Ghost and we're just coming to the end of the uh what was it given for what it is and then um there'll be some other messages that we'll bring on the Holy Ghost like um the new birth and the baptism of the Holy Ghost that will be playing for you. Um but we'd like you to be involved in that. And so um at the end of those series, we'll have one of the brothers to or myself to just take and bring those together like uh an adult Sunday school class just a teaching for 15 or 20 minutes bringing it all together and we'll try that. So that means the brothers who teach it have to know what they're teaching. And um if you've been in the word for any any amount of time, if you are a brother or man, actually all believers are commanded to study the scripture. It's not just preachers. study the scripture so that you would be wise that there's wisdom in the scripture that you be a workman that not be ashamed. So if you don't study it is a shame and it would be a shame on you to be walking in this truth for any amount of time and you should be able to be a teacher but not quite capable of doing that simply because you don't study. I think that um that is and I have all the scriptures on that too, but that's what we like to do and also take a a hard look in and our prayer towards our music and the ministry of music here as we have it set here. The Lord has blessed us with many fine gifts in music and singing and the ministry of music and the the the song leaders and so forth and all the instruments that are being played that um you know those meetings that will be coming forward whoever would be in charge of those or bringing those forward those musicians we like you to be uh really involved in that starting with prayer. and asking God to um to really reveal to you the purpose of a ministry of music and really reveal to you what a gift is. And we've been talking about the gifts and those gifts are not for you. They're for the body of Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; And God gives them to you for that purpose. also with their sound and video and I just call it the recording ministry whether it's video whether it's audio whether it's streaming whatever it is that is a ministry and the Holy Spirit has to be with you when you're doing that I believe that with all my heart it's it's not just a secondary last minute thing I believe that it's the Holy Spirit and if Um, if we put our hearts towards that, I believe the Lord will bless us as we respect it. The ministry of missionary, the work of witnessing to the lost, particularly right here in this little church here. There's a quotation as we'll take Ephesians chapter 4 in just a moment that God placed in the church apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, pastors for the perfecting of the body. That gift or missionary is the apostle ministry. And brother Brandham says you don't even have to be a minister to be a missionary. There's a quote for that. And you're always in the will of God when you are on the mission field. So where does that place all of us in a sense? A missionary means one scent. Apostle means one scent. And so we think of an apostle as a minister. He's a called minister. But brother Vanam simply clears that up for us. help us open it up a little bit more that a missionary is one that is sent and that each and every one of us should have a ministry to witness the lost. Also, the ministry brother Ezekiel is not here today. He's in uh in Mesa. Greet him and his family. And happy birthday to all of those fine people that have a birthday in January. &gt;&gt; Should I call them out? Okay, I'll call him out. Sister Troutman, she had a birthday over there. Yes, getting younger all the time. Lily Osor Neo, Sister Lily, I don't know where she is. Lulu Hernandez. Sister Lulu and Mesa. Brother Edward McFaten. God bless him. Nathaniel Robson, the young soldier. Where's Nathaniel? There he is. young soldier coming up, Jonathan Gonzalez. All these fine people had a birthday in January. So, don't let me miss February, okay? Cuz they all the rest of the months. But what was I saying is that um the Spanish ministry to the Spanish and that language and being uh able to minister to those that we they we want them to hear the message to and brother Ezekiel is dedicated to that. We appreciate his hard work and service there. And so just pray for that. had something on my heart in regards to that for several months and um but we'll pray that the Lord will continue to bless that there's a few saints here that need the interpretation and brother Ezekiel is not here but sister Norma is pretty good at understanding and then so forth. Amen. So those are some of the directions we want you to continue to pray with us about as we continue to move forward in the service to the Lord. Amen. Now, we like to go into the scripture and I've tried to um just really try to find the mind of the Lord and the direction to continue to go in and we're still speaking on these gifts. And the scripture says to be not ignorant concerning spiritual gifts. So, we'll just take Ephesians chapter 4. We'll have you stand and we'll read that along with Psalms 68. Ask the Lord to bless the brethren that did the to do the harmony. Brother uh brother George Moore and the saints at at Phoenix Tabernacle just doing something to help the saints and we pray that the Lord will has blessed that. I know that service last night. So anything to help the people of God, we want to we want to do that. Ephesians chapter 4 verse number five, but unto every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. Wherefore he saith when he ascended upon high, he led captivity captive, and he gave gifts unto men. Now that he ascended, what is it but that he also descended first into the lower parts of the earth? He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens that he might fill all things. And he gave some apostles, some prophets, some evangelists, some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come in the unity of the faith and of the knowledge of the Son of God, unto a perfect man, unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ that we would what henceforth be no more children tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slate of men and cunning craftiness whereby they lie wait lie wait they lie in wait to deceive but speaking the truth in love. Amen. Psalm 68. You have that. You can say amen. Verse 18. This is a song of King David. And King David was anointed to write these psalms. Actually, he come under the great spirit of God. And God gave him words and they look just like words maybe, but that inspiration has carried through. They were recorded and they're the songs. They're the psalms. Jesus quoted from them. And and I believe this is where the scripture that the apostle Paul is quoting that we just read in Ephesians. Thou has ascended on high. Thou has led captivity captive. Thou has received gifts for men. Yeah. For the rebellious also that the Lord God might dwell among them. Amen. We'll take one more scripture. I wasn't going to read it but just comes on my mind. in Genesis 18 quickly. And Verse number one. And the Lord appeared unto him, talking about Abram, in the plains of Mamra, and he sat in the tent door in the heat of the day. He lift up his eyes and looked. And lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to meet them from the tent door. He bowed himself toward the ground and said, "My Lord, if now I have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant." Continue to read the scripture. He's now making food for these angels. This one is the Lord that he addresses. And then the angel asked this question in verse number nine. And they said unto him, where is Sarah thy wife? And he said, Behold, in the tent, and he said, I will certainly return unto thee according to the time of life, and lo, Sarah, thy wife shall have a son. And Sarah heard it in the tent door, which was behind him. Now Abraham and Sarah were old and wellstricken in age, and it ceased to be with Sarah after the manner of women. Therefore Sarah laughed within herself, saying, After I am waxed old, shall I have pleasure, my lord being old also? And the Lord said unto Abraham, Wherefore did Sarah laugh, saying, Shall I of short bear a child, which him owed? Is anything too hard for the Lord? At the time appointed, I will return unto thee according to the time of life, and Sarah shall have a son. &gt;&gt; Then Sarah denied, saying, I laugh not, for she was afraid. And he said, No, nay, but thou this laugh. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, bless your word. Bless the reading. Bless the speaking and the hearing of your word. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Now, these gifts as we have uh been going through them and we just kind of in brought the introduction a couple of services back and we laid out a bunch of things where the prophet of God talks about these gifts, what they are, what they are not. And the scriptures in Romans 11:29 tells us that gifts and callings come without repentance. Psalm 68 says, "He ascended up on high and he gave gifts for men, even the rebellious." &gt;&gt; So good people, bad people, young people, old people, no matter what kind of people, people that go to church, people that love God, people that don't go to church, people that don't love God have gifts. You're born with them. It's part of the human being. In fact, I can't see anywhere in the scriptures where there is a human being that does not have an attribute of a gift that comes from the great creator, our heavenly father. Man is his greatest creation. And in that creation, he puts gifts into each individual. And we're none of us are the same. were very different and some have different gifts for different purposes and different reasons. And um the general thought of gifts that God gives, you know, like salvation, the Holy Spirit, grace, all the life, all those gifts are for humanity to receive and enjoy those if you receive them. Then apart from those gifts, those general gifts, there are individual gifts that each individual would have in their life. A talent, uh we would call it uh an ability, an aptitude towards something that you're just made that way. There was nothing you did to put it there. It was there from the very beginning. Amen. But then in the scriptures, it's very clear that God has set gifts in the church for the edification of that church. He put them in there. And if you take 1 Corinthians chapter 12, 13, and 14, it gives you kind of a a sense of what those gifts are and what the purpose of them are. Corinthians 13 stops almost and then drops in there. Love is above everything and without it none of the gifts even matter and God is love. Amen. And so it's the approach that we would want to look at and take that you sitting here today under the sound of my voice, you have a gift that came from God. It's beautiful. It is tremendous when you realize that the gift that you have is not from some university &gt;&gt; or the race that you were born in. &gt;&gt; Actually, the gift came from God. &gt;&gt; And he gave it to you for a purpose. You're sitting right here with it. Whether you realize it or not, whether you're using it or not, whether it's misappropriated or not, God gives you those gifts. He don't take them away. Now, those gifts are placed into the body for the purpose of God being magnified, for you growing in his grace, for faith ultimately to uh come to you so that you can be ready for the rapture and the great sudden going away. these gifts and we have seen just in the service th this far a display of many gifts and talents already. You know the music program up here, the piano, the organ, the the horns, the strings, the um the drums, um you the worshipper are th those were gifts on display. The music is a gift &gt;&gt; and it had a purpose why we would sing, why there is music before we come to this part of the service which is another gift as well preaching. But why the music first? What was that there for? Did you miss what the music was for? It's interesting how many people miss God's gifts. Just the greatest gift that ever came to the earth was the Lord Jesus Christ. And most of the people missed him. That was God made flesh &gt;&gt; and they missed him. &gt;&gt; Very very common. More common than received are the gifts that are missed. &gt;&gt; And you think about that. God sends a gift. He sends it. It comes from heaven. It's anointed. And the people that he sends it to, they actually miss it. They miss their opportunity. It's like in the days of Noah, Noah was a gift to them people. &gt;&gt; If you can really look at it, Noah was a gift to his community, to everybody around him. If they would have only caught who Noah was, &gt;&gt; they would have got into the ark and would have been saved. But he was only able to witness to his family. &gt;&gt; He was only able to accomplish the the saving of his own household. He had the education. He had all of the history. He had all of the community that he was fighting against to try to get these people to see that is the grace of God that I have found in God's sight. The Bible says that Noah found grace in the sight of the Lord. He found grace. Now he's giving that grace to the people. Get into the ark. &gt;&gt; How many's been to the ark enclosure there in Cincinnati? It's in Ohio, Cincinnati, Jeffersonville, in that area. It's huge, isn't it? &gt;&gt; If you were driving by the street, the road and you missed that, it's because you were blind. It is huge. I mean you from a way in the distance. It's standing way up. You can see it from a very far distance. So it wasn't because they didn't see it. It wasn't because they didn't hear about it. They missed it for whatever reason they missed it. But when they did see it, it was too late. So there's a little window, wasn't it? &gt;&gt; Your gift is here. Your gift is here. Your gift is here. And the door closed. And then when it closed, then everybody, oh, wait a minute. I think Noah was right. Let's go get into that ark. What he's talking about. It's raining out here. We never seen that. The clouds are dark. We never seen what's all THIS CRAZINESS GOING. WHERE'S WHERE'S HE AT? Where's he at? LET'S GO TO THE ARK NOW. WELL, it's too late. And on the day of judgment, everyone will bow their knee and confess that Jesus is the Christ. But it'll be too late, won't it? So what's the message there? The message here there is to catch the visitation of the Lord when it comes to you. Now God has visited us. Us, the people of God that have heard the voice of God. That's a visitation that God has granted to you. And you caught it. You saw it. And thank God you're in the ark Christ Jesus today. &gt;&gt; Amen. I want to start with some of the quotations of the prophet here in Jehovah Gyra and say this in in I'm sorry, the angel of the Lord 1951. It says this. I'm thankful to be alive tonight. I'm thankful for the privilege to witness of my Lord the power of his resurrection. Yes. And if no one in the world ever believes it, but myself, I believe it with all my heart. But I'm thankful to give witness to tens of thousands. Yes, into the millions that believe it and believes. And I believe that God's going to let me live to pack it until all around the world it's been circulated. I believe when I get into those dark lands of Africa over there where those poor people that's deprived and set back, I believe there will be literally thousand times thousands of them except our Lord Jesus when they see his power and fill them and sweep in in different places. When they see them, miracles raise up and tell the people even and to speak in their own language and tell them what it was. It'd be a perfect time. They'd fall by the hundreds at the altar and repent of their sins. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Our heavenly father. Oh, my heart gets warm. Real warm. The old world is just the the the old world is judgment ripened. It won't be long till it'll be over. But oh father, while the hour of visitation is here, grant that your children will see Lord quickly. May great faith be built, translating faith, great faith that'll just make the people be ready for the great translation. Amen. So I believe that is the purpose of the visitation of the Holy Spirit is so you can see your day, see the message and catch what the Lord Jesus is trying to prepare you for that great judgment that is to come. That's the great judgment day. And it's to give us faith. And that faith IS TO BUILD US UP SO that we can have translating faith for the great translation. The age for the rapture is our message. We have to have faith to be raptured out of here. So if the gift, the talent, the servant did service didn't move you towards that faith, you'd have to ask yourself the question, what was the purpose of it? Jesus said, will I find faith when I return? Except you believe that I am he, you'll die in your sins. It's all around you getting faith for the rapture. If you're not getting faith, I want you to tell me, what are you getting? &gt;&gt; If your faith is not being encouraged and growing, then what was the purpose of even reading the Bible? Is it so that we can argue it? What was the purpose? if it's not moving me SOMEHOW SOMEWAY IN MY FAITH. By faith, Enoch, by faith, Moses, BY FAITH, ALL THE BELIEVERS, it's impossible to even please God if you don't have faith. &gt;&gt; We're not talking about knowledge. WE'RE TALKING ABOUT WE'RE NOT TALKING ABOUT ARGUMENTS. We're not talking ABOUT WHO'S BETTER. WE'RE TALKING ABOUT faith &gt;&gt; and the gifts of God should be moving us somehow somewhere in our faith. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I like this in Jehovah Gyra 1955. So many of them miss it in that day. Don't you miss it in your day. &gt;&gt; It's the day of his visitation. Not me. I'm just a poor substitute of anything. But he but it's it's him moving, working. He just gives me a way, a gift to yield myself to him and do these things for your benefit, not for mine, for yours. So it's up to you. Now, so we see this great day of visitation. You know, I am sure I'm gonna I'm going to speed ahead here just a little bit. I am sure that many people miss the day of visitation even every Sunday. I'm not talking about missing the day or the age of the message. Okay, that is that's a miss too. And actually, what is sin anyways? Sin is unbelief and and unbelief and sin is also to miss the mark. You swung and missed like it means to miss the mark. That's what sin means. You missed. And this faith that is supposed to be restored to the believer that God has sent to us so that we would not miss the day of visitation. But but not just the day of visitation. I'm talking about missing him today &gt;&gt; like missing him in the song service. missing the Holy Spirit where the scripture so many said that I will never leave you where two or more or two or three are gathered in my name I will be there with you he made the promise he said he would be here he comes &gt;&gt; and many people miss him I'm talking about on a Sunday I'm talking about this Sunday is it possible for us to miss him today. Miss the sweetness of the Holy Spirit when he comes down to know what that is that's taking place. Now here, um we'll get into this a little bit more. 1960, is there anything too hard for the Lord? Going to our um um scripture there in in Genesis 18. You know sometimes when things are going wrong dark we know by nature that is darkest just before day many times when we see disastrous things happening like that especially to believers we must bear this in our mind that is Satan trying to block the blessing that's on its road &gt;&gt; that was very much so in this case Satan was trying to tempt him to feel that they had done wrong. It was trying to block the oncoming visitation that God was going to give Abraham and Sarah. And we're taught in the scriptures that all things work together for the good to them that li love love God. How many of you have ever got a bad attitude on the way to church? Yeah. We're just going to say you was driving by yourself. All right. And just somewhere a bad attitude came from somewhere. All right. Whatever. Whoever started, I don't know who started it. and you're on your way to church and man, somebody tee you off and you're trying to get into the presence of the Lord and you come here with that atmosphere and that attitude and you don't think people around you can't see it because those are atmospheres. Those are anointings. You don't think the song leader, if he's gifted, can't pick that up when the crowd is willing and the crowd has prayed up. I'll tell you this right now. It's a it's a big difference preaching to people who have prayed up than it is preaching to people who have bad thoughts in their mind. &gt;&gt; It's a big difference. The outcome of the service will be very different. Even even the atmosphere the atmosphere that's around you is you really just take it back to what you're thinking. We might call it a mood. We might call it um the atmosphere around us but Satan that is his job &gt;&gt; to block the oncoming visit. You said the visitation. Yes. The Holy Spirit promised to be here today. &gt;&gt; Is he here? YES OR NO? DID THE BIBLE SAY HE WOULD BE HERE? &gt;&gt; WE SAID, "I didn't feel nothing." We're going to deal with that in just a minute. &gt;&gt; What you felt? You got to go by what the word says. &gt;&gt; God help us. Amen. So the blocking of this oncoming visitation in Jehovah Gyra, the prophet says it like this. Paragraph 70, I'll drop down a little bit. At the end of the road, a President Eisenhower in every city and in every county and in every village and in every town in this America would never stop the onslaught going on. Cigarette smoking women and drunkards and so forth. It couldn't be done. You're going to have it your own way. You're bulldozing yourself right into hell. That's right. And you know it. And you're without excuse. But just But BEFORE A JUST GOD CAN POUR out his judgment upon a people, he has to make a way of escape for everyone who desires to receive it. &gt;&gt; This is your day of visitation. You might not want to believe it because an uneducated minister said it, but don't pay no attention to the messenger. Pay attention to the message you're hearing. &gt;&gt; Now, let us pray. How many can say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. Prophet of God continues on and this is really good here. This is in the message. Um, he's gonna tell us how to do it just a little bit. And Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. I was listening to this tape and he really blessed me. Prophet of God is towards the end of the service and he's going into his healing ministry. And he says, "I'm not a healer. God take me to rec record. I make it clear. I made it clear. There's people here that I don't know. God knows it. But there's no one here could hide their life right now. Not because I'm here, but because Jesus is here. &gt;&gt; The great alpha and omega. Oh, you people of Jeffersonville, this is your visitation. The hour is coming WHEN YOU WILL CRY for this and won't have it. Not only that, but you people of the world, peoples of the world, because the spirit of God will someday be taken from the earth, and you'll moan and cry, then let it be known to you that the God of heaven has made himself manifest in the form of Jesus Christ and was and has went into the glory and come back into his church and set in his church. He said, "You are the branches. I am the vine. You can't bear no fruit lest I give you life to bear it with, and you'll bear the kind of fruit that I purge you to." And it happens to be this discernment happens to be the part that he purges me to. And it's not me. It's the life of God that comes out of the branch. Christ by divine promise. Prophet of God continues on. He says this here, paragraph 79. Now, the only thing I can do is to cast away that doubt from your heart. I don't know that I can do that. I'll try by prayer. And if the doubt leaves you and you feel that there's something near you, the angels of God are in this building. You say, "Is that so, preacher?" Yes, absolutely. The Bible said they are. &gt;&gt; Amen. The angels of God are encapped about those who fear. But there's A DARK DARK SHADOW BETWEEN you and that angel that wants to help you bringing the message of Christ. That's unbelief. Now, if you can get that unbelief, that dark shadow, then you'll see plainly. Then you'll raise and rejoice and go home shouting, praising God, and and get well. Don't let that shadow stand between you. So here the prophet of God is talking about the gift that God had given him as a preacher, as a seer, a gift of divine healing that he used to break the doubt from people's mind. And what what was one way he did that? He did that by the discernment, telling them who they are and where they're from. Remember, the discernment wasn't creating anything that the patient didn't already know. The patient knows their name. But when a stranger now tells you your name, it lets the patient know that something else is going on here, it brings a faith. NOW, NOW THAT FAITH IS FOR YOU TO BELIEVE. AND NOW WHEN YOU believe you can receive WHAT THE WORD OF GOD SAYS. &gt;&gt; YOU CANNOT RECEIVE THE WORD OF GOD IN AN ATMOSPHERE OF DOUBT. &gt;&gt; SO THE UNBELIEF HAS TO MOVE FROM YOU FIRST. &gt;&gt; This is that precious feeling that we feel at the end of a service. &gt;&gt; How many know what I'm talking about? At the end of a good Holy Ghost service, at the end, THERE'S A SWEET SPOT RIGHT AT THE END WHERE THE worship has gone forth, where the PREACHING OF THE WORD HAS GONE FORTH, AND ALL THE ATMOSPHERES THAT YOU CAME IN HERE WITH THAT WAS CONTRARY HAD TO LEAVE. THAT'S THOSE PRECIOUS MOMENTS OF HIS VISITATION WHERE YOU CAN CLAIM THE PROMISE OF GOD &gt;&gt; and say, "It's for me. It's mine." &gt;&gt; They don't happen all day. They're not all around us all the time. BUT THOSE MOMENTS WHEN THE ATMOSPHERE CHANGES, SOMETIMES IT'S AN ANOINTED SONG. &gt;&gt; Sometimes it's a playing OF THE PIANO. SOMETIMES IT'S A READING OF A SCRIPTURE, BUT SOMETHING MOVES IN YOUR HEART. &gt;&gt; THAT'S THE HOLY SPIRIT. &gt;&gt; DON'T MISS THAT VISITATION WHEN he comes. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. All right. Can I move a little further? &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. But when the seeds of power of power of the resurrected Christ manifest did it settles the question the idols was broken 30,000 heathens more than the Baptist more than the Baptist had won in 150 years of missionary and at one time because it was it's what Christ said would take place and We're living in that hour and in that day and this is our day of visitation, friends. It's later than you think. Let's pray. He goes on. So he's talking about that meeting he had in Africa, a healing campaign. Thousands, 30,000 raw heathens accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as savior. And he's bringing that up to what that great ministry did for them people there and that him being from away um they could receive it better than at even at home here in America because the people here they miss it. They'll miss it because of who he is and maybe the way it's coming. And the prophet tells us this is our day of visitation friends. is later than you think. I wonder if we know how late it is. All we've seen all of our lives is grace. &gt;&gt; But when the door closes, there will be no grace. &gt;&gt; And none of us have seen that yet. &gt;&gt; When the doors of mercy and grace close to the Gentiles, &gt;&gt; YOU TALKING ABOUT SOMETHING TO COMPLAIN ABOUT. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You're talking about NOT BEING ABLE TO GET A PRAYER THROUGH. &gt;&gt; We are living in the GREATEST TIME WE COULD EVER LIVE IN. &gt;&gt; Examine yourself. &gt;&gt; And then when you do, you'll just have to give God praise &gt;&gt; for what he has given you. &gt;&gt; DO YOU REALIZE THE GIFT OF GOD THAT WHEN HE GAVE YOU SALVATION, WHAT YOU RECEIVED? greatest thing could happen to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And we're walking it. And let something in our job get us upset or something in politics get us upset or something in the neighborhood or some family member get us upset. Are you saved? Are you a believer? &gt;&gt; Do you have the Holy Spirit in your life? Oh my. Tremendous gift. Now here is a pattern. I want to make this statement here to you that patterns are made to follow or to avoid. When you see a pattern, it's to let you know you need to follow the pattern or be leerary of what that pattern led to. And here is a pattern that God sends a move of God to the people and after so much time that move becomes common to them and then they go back to what they used to be. They'll even complain. They'll get so used to the grace and the goodness of God that they'll begin to complain about even under this uh uh ministry of grace that we're under. They'll complain about it. They'll whisk. They'll they'll flex against it. They'll be upset. They did it to Moses. Got upset with him. This all of the stuff and all the trials and tribulations to him. And then they actually go back and they become worse. Brother Brandham brings it out in the Ephesian church age book. Church age book number three says in the church corporate has never learned this lesson from the scripture nor from history. Every time God gives a visitation of the Holy Spirit and people get free, after a while, look at your neighbor and say, "After a while." &gt;&gt; After a while, &gt;&gt; after a while, they bind themselves right back to the very thing they came out of. When Luther came out of Catholicism, the people stayed free for a while. But when he died, the people simply organized what they thought he believed and set up their own creeds and ideas and repudiated anyone who said opposite to what they said. They went RIGHT BACK TO CATHOLICISM with a little different form. And right today, many Lutherans are ready to go all the way back. So we see this is a a lesson for us, right? The temptation is to go back what to what from what God delivered you from. Oh, it's so fresh. It's so new. How many remember getting saved and that a nice precious anointing over your life? The temptation level was very very low. You can go forward and that high or that anointing will last maybe a couple weeks or so, maybe six months or so or something. And then something will happen. It's called life continues to happen and then something will happen on the job and you're like where's that where's that uh revival spirit that I had this happens to people that go to camp meetings all the time go to camp nice atmosphere the Holy Spirit blesses them they come back and in a few days they're worse their challenges come back because the human being the the pattern is when God sends a move and it's a genuine move of God. The people that receive that, if they're not careful, they'll end up going back to what they came out of. It's a cycle. It happens. So, it's good for us to know that. Amen. Now these gifts as we read there in Ephesians, the gift to preach, the gift of uh apostles, prophets, teachers, evangelists, those Ephesians for gifts, all that are in there, they are indeed gifts. Now, does a preacher have to study? Yes. Does a preacher need knowledge on things? Yes. Okay. But you have to study and you need knowledge on them too, brothers and sisters. Everybody does. And because you can study a subject and have the knowledge of it doesn't make you a preacher still though. The the the preaching is a gift before the man even repents. It's a gift that's in there. AND THAT GIFT HAS TO operate properly under the word of the Lord, under the discipline of the Holy Spirit. That gift, it's it's there. He can use it to get money or fame. He can use it to make himself whatever, open doors for him and do all this kind of stuff and God will hold him accountable. But the gift is there. He can go out all night and do things that's wrong. Preachers have done it all night. all week and come to the pull pit without sleeping a wink. Pick up a scripture and the anointing WILL COME AS HE PREACHES. &gt;&gt; Satan was gifted. &gt;&gt; Lucifer could preach. So it is a gift. And some people they get this mixed up. They'll they'll come after the convention or after the service. You know, the the preacher always got a little tag on his back. Can I talk from experience for a minute? When we went to Israel, they actually put a tag right here. I didn't know what it was. Brother George Smith. On that tour, all the pastors had our name and said that we're pastor. I was like, "Okay, you want to tell everybody we're pastors?" And all of the salesmen came to the pastors to kind of work on us because the pastors got all the money, right? I started to figure this out. Why these people just keep coming to me, talking to me, trying to sell ME THE MOST EXPENSIVE ITEM in their store? I figured it out. Oh, he knows I'm a preacher, so they're coming out. So this the preacher, the the the the the minister, you know, everybody wants his time. They want to tie him up. They want to catch, "Oh, I knew more than him. I got them." They want to witness to the preacher. They won't witness to the guy on the street. They want to preach to the preacher. Catch them. Now, I'm not saying y'all stop talking to me cuz some of y'all don't even talk to me. Some of y'all need to talk to me. Actually, you know this um you know, you're you're it's a gift. It doesn't mean he's smarter than anyone. It doesn't mean his IQ is greater than anyone. Doesn't mean he's MORE KNOWLEDGEABLE ON EVERY SUBJECT. IT JUST MEANS THAT GOD GAVE HIM A gift to preach. IT'S NOT A POLITICIAN. It's not JUST SOMEONE TALKING ABOUT A SUBJECT MATTER. IT IS ACTUALLY HERALDING the truth. &gt;&gt; That's what a preacher is. And many have mixed this up. Well, if I can run a good business, then I'll be a good preacher. Stop. No. No. I don't think so. DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY. MAYBE YOU WILL BE A GOOD PREACHER. MAYBE. MAYBE. MAYBE. But are you called to preach? &gt;&gt; I can have seven sons and desire them to be preachers, to fall in line with the great, you know, tradition of preachers in our home. If God didn't call him, he ain't gonna be no preacher. &gt;&gt; If the gift isn't in there, you can't put it in there. &gt;&gt; YOU CAN'T WAKE UP AND SAY ONE DAY, "OH, I THINK I WANT TO BE A PREACHER." WELL, why do you want to be a preacher? Cuz ain't nobody else doing it. Wrong answer. I'm sorry. The gift has to be in there. &gt;&gt; And the preacher never asked for it. And if he's really a God called preacher, he's running from it. He's looking for a retirement plan quickly. He's trying to get out of it. He's looking to get fired so he can go get his reward because I have eternal life just like you have eternal life. Now, let's deal with this just for a few moments. I have 15 more minutes. I'm going to take every bit of it. &gt;&gt; Maybe a squeeze a little bit more. All right, &gt;&gt; I'll try to wrap this up by 12. God will help me. Now, here's what the prophet of God says talking about these ministers. Now, ministers usually paragraph 16 and looking for Jesus. The Now, the ministers usually here is the basic and foundation of all Christianom. It lays right here in the Bible. Anything outside of that is untrue. That's right. It has to be based on thus sayeth the Lord. Now the minister speaking, he gets inspiration. He's got a gift of healing. Gift of healing course is faith in healing. Now he believes it with all his heart. and he stands up and he preaches it with great forceful WORDS THAT GOES OUT TO THE people and they just have to believe it. He just PRESENTS IT IN SUCH A WAY YOU JUST HAVE to believe it. And brother Roberts is very good at that. Brother Osborne is a man who can tie Satan in so many places in the scripture till he hasn't even got a place to move. That's all. HE'S JUST TIED UP. NOW, HE DOES THAT NOT BY KNOWLEDGE. They do that by inspiration. THE HOLY SPIRIT GIVES THEM A GIFT OF DIVINE HEALING which gives inspiration to the people when they see the word of God is claiming what they're talking about. Prophet God continues on the expectation and he says this paragraph 23. Now God has after all that is in the word. He has set in the church some apostles, prophets, teachers, gifts of healing, speaking in tongues, INTERPRETATION OF TONGUES AND ALL THE different gifts he sets in the church. the edifying of the church to bring the church together to make us one. Is that right? That's right. To make us one in him, a brotherhood of one soul, one heart, one body, one spirit. For we're not baptized into two spirits, one spirit, one God, father of us all, through all, in all, over all. And there's where these gifts in the church, some of them can speak with tongues. Gift of speaking with tongues. Another one has a gift of interpretation of tongues. Some are sent to preach. Now, we know that people that don't believe in divine gifts and yet they're preachers. How do they get their inspiration to preach from? Brother Madam continues on. Can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Amen. Somebody say amen for the preachers. &gt;&gt; The good ones anyways. Paragraph 112. The first thing I would say according to the rules of the church in the Old Testament or the New Testament rather at the first place that people entered into the church and God in a spirit of worship and they walked in hymns were sang and maybe the preacher would speak for he was a prophet of the church. A New Testament prophet is a preacher. We know that the testimony of Jesus Christ is the spirit of prophecy. Skip down to paragraph 115. Now then, if it's in order, if this is what you were getting at, while the preacher is speaking, everything should be silent to listen at the preacher, for there's the word of God going forth. If he's preaching under anointing and every spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet. When a pastor walks to the platform, turns that Bible down, the church should be silent, listening at his his reading of the scripture, listen to what he's going to say. If he says something that sounds good to you, you can say, can you say it with me? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. It even louder than that. Free. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord or whatever you want to. Amen means so be it. prophet of God brings in 1953 I perceive that thou art a prophet he says this here now to bring up this faith in Christ there's ministers that's the most important thing of the day is a god good god said preacher I admire them and their gift is far beyond anything could be done anything else is a preacher a man who knows how to rightly divide the word of God it's the most wonderful gift in the world is to be a minister which was a New Testament modern-day prophet or preacher. Prophesy means to foretell or to tell something personal. In other words, if you read the Bible and start, then that's a teacher. See, but prophesy is to testify or foretell. And the spirit of Christ is prophecy. Now, who said that? Who said that? Who said that right now? Huh? Who said it? Somebody y'all didn't hear who said that. Who am I quoting? Dr. uh uh uh Charles Stanley. Who am I quoting right now? Who said that? &gt;&gt; And he was a preacher. And here he is quoting this and telling us what this great gift is. Now he moves forward and says this in preparation 1953. Now let me explain one more time so that you'll thoroughly understand. Gifts and callings are without repentance. Do you know that you can never make yourself something that you're not? See, you're born in this world sovereignly by God with different things to do. You take a man that wants to be a preacher and goes off to get himself an education, he will never he will never make a preacher. He might make a lecturer, but preachers are born. GOD CALLS PREACHERS. That's right. And you might try to be a singer and you set up and squeak tenor for four or five hours every day. Something they're like that. You'll never make a singer. Singers are born. That's right. Some of y'all say, "Well, that's why I'm not in the choir because I'm not a singer." Well, that's Nobody asked you. That's God's decision whether you're a singer or not. Well, I'm a singer. I'm not a singer. Says who? Is you or SAYS GOD? IF GOD says you're a singer, guess what you are? &gt;&gt; Thank you. And what should you be doing with the gift of singing? &gt;&gt; Singing. &gt;&gt; Sitting quiet in the back. Don't bother me. I'm going to do my thing. No. No, YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE SINGING. THAT'S WHAT THE GIFT WAS FOR. &gt;&gt; AMEN, SOMEBODY. &gt;&gt; NOW, let's go a little bit further here. Uncertain sound, 1955, paragraph 86. The prophet of God says this here. When I went to Rome, Italy, went to the burying grounds of the saints, they even had a sign at the gate, St. Angelo's burial place, the catacombs. It said, "American women, please put on clothes before you enter this place." and respect the dead in an ordinary arnery degraded debauchered low down places Italy have to speak such words as that and our preachers are the causes cause of it from the platform by not telling the truth. Amen. That's right. Preachers are not born to make everybody happy. Preachers are born to tell the truth. And if the truth makes you happy, then great. We're all happy. WHY ARE WE HAPPY? BECAUSE THE PREACHER TOLD THE TRUTH. &gt;&gt; And that's happiness that we want. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's move forward. Brother Manam goes forward and say, "Today's preachers are trying to be reformers instead of gospel preachers. They're saying you can quit do this. You don't do that. Get my church to do that's not our business. The police are reformers. They're the one who sends them to the penitentiary penitentiary to reform them. WE'RE GOSPEL PREACHERS TO TELL them of Jesus Christ. Get them born again the spirit of God. Then God takes over the person and the Holy Ghost gets into the heart of the man and woman. &gt;&gt; You know that's true. Each one of you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's take this last one here in the message of guide 1962. Sometimes sometimes good preachers are led astray by their congregation. That's the reason I have, you know, that's that's a man trying to appease everybody. And the inspiration of the Lord comes to him. However it comes, different people have different ways that God deals with them. And then the congregation with their feelings, with their thoughts of political, what what all the other churches are doing and how what's more comfortable and what's more easier to to do and then move that ministry away from the word of the Lord. A preacher is beholden to the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; That is what he is inspired to preach is the truth. It might not even be a service that you would say that's inspired. And maybe you look through the CROWD AND SOME PEOPLE FALLING ASLEEP. And maybe it look like a subject that you heard already. But if it's a IF IT'S THE WORD OF THE LORD, IT WILL NEVER RETURN VOID. &gt;&gt; AMEN. And the truth is always appropriate. Can I take 10 more minutes &gt;&gt; and talk about you for a minute? Okay. In the message demonology 1953 paragraph 75. And the gift of healing and all those gifts, my Pentecostal friend, you get mixed up. The gifts are in the church subject to any persons in the church. ANYBODY THAT'S BAPTIZED into the body by one spirit. We're all baptized in paragraph 29. the message where I think Pentecostal failed. Now while I'm right on this subject, let's take this now real close. Gifts and callings are without repentance. They are the fornowledge of God. You could not make one cubic higher or lower. You could not take taking thought could not add one inch to your cubic or to your stature rather. But there is God for knowing and has made you just what he wants you to be. He's made you. He has set you and give you a place. If everybody I tell you what I like I like people to be original. I don't like people to impersonate someone else. Do you? There's so much of that TODAY IN THE WORLD. ACTORS, you know the word Pharisee means actor. WE GOT SO MANY ACTORS today that people trying to act like somebody else, trying to impersonate somebody else. People would love you a lot better if you just be yourself. They know more how to take you. Questions and answers 1957. But just trying to make it just briefly plain as I know how to make it. No. When you believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, you then have the new birth. When you believe on the Lord, you receive a new thought, a new life, but it isn't the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You got the new birth when you believe. YOU'VE GOT ETERNAL LIFE. IT'S A GIFT OF GOD THAT'S given to you through sovereign grace by accepting the gift that God is giving to you. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath eternal life, hath everlasting life. That's the new birth. you're converted. It means you're turned around. But the baptism of the Holy Spirit puts you into the body of Christ, subject to the gifts for service. What are those gifts? 1 Corinthians 12 13 and 14. It doesn't make you any more of a Christian. It just puts you into the body of gifts. See, now by one spirit, 1 Corinthians 12, we're all baptized into one body. Paul, there are different gifts. And in and in this body is nine spiritual gifts. In this body, you have to be baptized into the body to possess one of these gifts. They come with the body. All right. God bless you saints. &gt;&gt; You say, "Praise the Lord." So I have so many more on that that every one of us is baptized. If you're a Christian, how many of you are saved? Let me see your hand. How many of you have received the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit in your life? &gt;&gt; And that Holy Spirit, you're baptized into the body of gifts. I was going to title the message. I would tie that into the title there, too. body of gifts. You're baptized into the body of gifts. You're a member of the body of Christ. And guess what? You don't get to pick the gift that God operates through you. How many can you say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Is that too much pressure? I mean, we're going to heaven &gt;&gt; and you're a Christian and you're not trying to make yourself something that you're not, but you're just letting the Holy Spirit use you. &gt;&gt; You get out of the way and you let the Holy Spirit use you BECAUSE YOU'RE BAPTIZED INTO THE BODY OF gifts for the edification. &gt;&gt; That is the true church of the living God. Everybody has something they should be doing that the Holy Spirit is doing through them. Every one of us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And maybe some of us are missing that. Maybe some of us are missing that. Now, what happens is our attitude and our approach to the gift really determines what you're going to get out of the service or even the scripture, reading of the scripture. The prophet of God uses the term the mood. You got to get into the mood of reading. You just don't read it with a cold heart. You get into the atmosphere of it. And in that atmosphere is pleasantness. It's the atmosphere of the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; That's what it is. Now, there's greater outpourings, greater baptisms. But what happens many times, the Holy Spirit will baptize us on one service am. And then in the PM, you're like, "What happened?" Well, the PM SERVICE, WE WANT GOD TO JUST DRAG US THROUGH the service. Well, I'll praise you, Lord, if you make me. &gt;&gt; I will dance, Lord. I'll lift my hands. I'll sing if you just take over my vocal cords and make me sing. No, no, no. Saints, no. &gt;&gt; The the praise comes from our heart to him. &gt;&gt; It goes beyond our feelings. &gt;&gt; It goes beyond WHAT WE THINK AND HOW WHAT'S GOING ON. WE COME TO PRAISE HIM BECAUSE THE WORD of the Lord, that's one of our offerings. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, let's go through this just for a moment. Yeah, I'm right on time. Paragraph 272. Usually, people that has gifts are people who don't want gifts. I think we got that covered here. Paragraph 272. Let's read that one again. If this is the last one, I'll read, Brother Joe. All right. Usually, people that have gifts are people who don't want gifts. See, Paul tried to run from the thing. So did Moses. Great leaders like that try to run from the job. They know what lays before them. You see, you take a guy that always, "Oh Lord, fill me with power. I'll go out here and I'll cast out devils." He'd never do it. God knows better than to trust anybody like that. See, he'd never do it. It's the guy that don't want nothing to do. Paragraph 273. Shalom Tabernacle, Tucson, Arizona. It's the church. IT'S THE PEOPLE. IT'S THE GUYS THAT DON'T WANT nothing to do. I'm too much, but I'm going to go to heaven anyway. I'm leave here. Am I too much for y'all? &gt;&gt; Is the word too much? That's what I'm quoting. It's a guy that don't want nothing to do with it. You see, that's the guy that God can take him and teach him something sometime. You see, so we want the Holy Spirit to teach us. Amen. I remember we had our our as I talked about our football team, we were sorry. We wasn't sorry, but we were sorry. And we lost a lot of games. We had a few stars on the team, whatever. We thought we was good. Thought we was that. and the city of of Sacramento, some associating wanted to honor some of the better athletes. And so they so I was one of those athletes to be chosen to go to this banquet and this dinner end of the year, all these high school students. And they came to our table and we each had to give a speech of gratitude and thank you. And man, I couldn't enjoy anything else being done in that program. Like what? I go to say a speech about what? So I said, "Hey guys, this is what we should do to really represent our school." Well, don't all of us go up there. Just one of us go up there and represent us all. Yeah. Yeah. And the other guy that was shy said, "Yeah, that's a good idea." Well, who should do it? Not me. You should do it. And that's what we did. So, Luther Burbank, we had one representative and all these other talented speakers, they're not going to speak tonight. The thought of getting up and standing before a crowd and speaking, oh, that's not happening. Not for me. No, no, no, no, no. Please don't put the microphone in my hand. No. See, but that's not my choice, right? God deals with that. Now, I have to get into something here and I know I took a little time to give you an announcement on what I want to move forward for the future the church and um I want to say this here. Let's move over into this um where brother Vanam is talking about the mood and how Sarah what mood she was in when the visitation came. Now in 19 in 1947 paragraph 54 in the message the children of Israel the prophet of God says this. I know it's hard cuts me down and I hate to say anything to people but friends I have to stand at judgment someday to answer before you people. That's right. And your blood will be upon my hands. You serve God with reverence in your heart. Pure holy love for him. Walk every day in that mood of love all the time. Do good to others and do good charitable deeds and love God and worship him and that's the way you're supposed to live and treat your neighbor as yourself. That's right. The lamb and the dove 57 he says this. Now, the entire Bible is set up on Revelation. Now, you'll never know the Bible just by some coldhearted reading it. You've got to read the Bible in the spirit. You've got to be in the mood of reading. You've got to love to read it. And the Bible is written so that the wise, smart, educated, will never understand it. Jesus thanked God and said, "Father, I thank thee that thou has hid these things from the wise and prudent and will reveal them to babes such as we'll learn." I'm so glad of that. You don't have to be somebody in this world to know God. You just have to have a willing heart and God will go to dealing with that willing heart if you are willing. Paragraph 185. I have to take these here for you just for a moment. If you will now as quickly as possible, sorry, this is a message of Christ 185. If you'll now quickly as possible, each one of you that raise your hand for salvation closer walk, believe you have it. If you can't feel it, take the adopted child. See, keep saying you have it until it becomes a reality. You that accepted healing and you don't feel any difference. You say, "My faith is not enough to move it right now." Brother Brandham, take the adopted child way. Just keep saying, "Lord, I'm healed. &gt;&gt; I believe it. It'll come. It'll get it'll get you in the right mood." You see, and then your faith will be right. I'll take it. You just believe it with all your heart. I love that. &gt;&gt; In the images of Christ, he continues paragraph 185. If you will now, as quickly as possible, each one of you that raise your hand. Oh, we read that. Yeah. Stepping in take the adopted child route and keep moving on is what he says. What's the adopted child route? The adopted child route is for those mothers that can't seem to conceive. They try, they try and then many times they adopt a baby and after adopting the baby that mother is able to conceive of her own seed because the atmosphere, the mood and brother Manam is saying take the adopted baby route when you feel like you in a bad mood when you come to church. or any promise of God, you get into the atmosphere of the word and you keep saying it until the mood changes. And the song service is for that purpose, to change your mood. It's amazing that we can go through an entire song service, get up to the preacher, and I'm still dealing with an attitude. Not here. Not here. I'm talking about some other saints somewhere else. You missed the day of the mood change. The mood swing should have happened when the organ was playing. &gt;&gt; When the strings were playing, your mood should have BEEN SWINGING OUT OF THERE. &gt;&gt; And I challenge anybody to have bad thoughts, but then be in a a great atmosphere. Your thoughts is the reason WHY YOU HAVE THE atmosphere on you. &gt;&gt; IT'S YOUR THOUGHTS THAT BRINGS THAT ATMOSPHERE. SO, YOU HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR THOUGHTS. AND SOMETIMES IT'S MECHANICAL. SOMETIMES YOU JUST DO IT BECAUSE THE BIBLE SAYS TO DO IT. BUT DO IT ANYWAY UNTIL THE MOOD CHANGES. And when the mood changes, now the Holy Spirit can come in now and you can grab those promises because the promises of God are not made to be read with a cold heart. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. God bless you, saints. This is where Sarah was that morning. The prophet makes the statement here and I'll close just now in paragraph number 79 78 paragraph 83 talking about Sarah she was ear um you know Sarah in there eavesdropping some people call it ear hustling Sarah is in there easedropping kind of half-hearted in a upset mood food from her condition that morning. She thought in her heart, "Now, isn't that a silly thing? Think in our day, me, an old woman, as old as I am, here I am 90 years old. There says my husband 100 years old." Well, it's not been with me as woman for 50 years. And Abraham, well, we've been married since we were about 17. I'm about 27. You know, how could that be? How could it be? See, she had herself all out of condition to receive it when God brought it. Brought it. Oh my. Don't never get in that in your heart. Be open. Be ready. She missed it. She failed to see it. Maybe if we don't watch, friends, the church is going to fail to see it. Let's not look for your church hairds and new dresses. Let's look for the Holy Spirit to come in the supernatural and raise some things. Paragraph 78, they say, "I see the angel takes his chair maybe and leans back towards his back towards the tent. Sarah listening through the tent, you know, kind of e easedropping, you know, and listening through the tent and she kind of in an awful mood that morning. You don't see things when you come to church in that kind of a mood. You just no need of trying it. You just might as well stay home. You won't get nothing out of it. Go home in a when you come to church, come prayed up. Come in the atmosphere. Come expecting. Abraham knew that the time of the promise was coming close and it had to be. It's a hundred years old. He was expecting it at any time. He watched every minute. Amen. So when you come to church, come pray it up. Sometimes that first prayer of your day is when you got to church because you just barely made it here and you fall down on your knees. He's like, "Lord Jesus, please help me today. Change my mood. change my attitude. I'm a believer. I have the Holy Spirit in my life. And maybe you want to use one of those gifts through me. Maybe that's what you want to do. So, God bless you, saints. That's our prayer. That's our message for you today. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, thank you for your word today. We thank you for these words of truth. Lord, I know there's many, oh God, their timing may be their timing may be off or they might just not know how to approach some of these things, Lord. It's new to them, Lord. We're just ignorant to them. Some of us are just, we just don't know, Lord. And but we do know that we love you and you called us to be a part of your bride. &gt;&gt; Now from that one truth right there, Lord, we lift our hands and our hearts to you and say, "Oh, blessed Holy Spirit, take full control of my life. Take me from this day forward, Lord, and may you use me the way you choose to use these gifts, Lord. May I not miss you. Even in the even in the Sunday service, Wednesday service, the precious Holy Ghost moves the doubts away. And now you want to come in and minister and build us up with faith. Oh God, the faith that was once restored to the church. Faith for the body change. Faith for getting up out of the grave. Faith for the rapture. &gt;&gt; Faith, oh God, is what the believers need. That's what we need. The just shall live by it. May you grant, oh God, these things to each heart. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Brother John, would you come? Is there anyone here that needs special prayer? You need hands laid up on you, you have a special request in your life, you can come forward at this time, we'll pray for you, you have a special need and um we will do that for you. So God bless you richly. Amen. Yes, I'm right forward, Jonathan. Does someone else need prayer or desire prayer this morning? Amen. Let's bow our heads and let's hold our brother for his request. What's inside? &gt;&gt; Yes. Yes. Brother Jonathan is coming for prayer. The Lord will touch him that the Holy Spirit will just move all of the nerves, the anxiety, whatever it the challenges are. Let's stand with our brother this morning. Heavenly Father, I lay my hands on this brother and in the name of Jesus Christ. We rebuke the enemy that's trying to destroy him. He his enemy is our enemy. And Lord, but you paid it all. You paid for deliverance. You paid for healing. You paid to relieve anxiety and stress. You pray. You paid for the release of depression and oppression. You paid it all, Lord. You paid for our salvation. You paid that we could have the Holy Ghost in our life. You paid for us to be free, oh God. And we're free. You set us free, Lord. and we claim this victory for my brother in Jesus name. Lord, we settle for nothing less than what you've granted at Calvary. With your stripes, we are already healed. And he claims that healing, Lord Jesus. Lord, move away every doubt, every speck of unbelief from him. And in Jesus' name, may he take these promises, stand upon them, Lord, and receive them in Jesus' name I pray. Lord, we claim it, Lord, in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you. Amen. Amen. He is here. Let's stand. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. name. He is here. You can't touch him. You will never be. &gt;&gt; Yes, he is here. He is here. Hallelu He is here. here. Amen. He is here. &gt;&gt; Holy, holy, I will bless his name again. Oh, he is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. name. Yes, he is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. This closely hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. I sense an awesome moveing of the Holy Spirit. I see his countenance resting on your face. I know that there are angels hovering all around us for the presence of the Lord in this place. And he is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Oh, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. And I search for peace. Long the shadows dark and lonely. gave up on finding that strong and lasting love. I tasteed all the things that sin could think to offer me. But today I feast on matter from above. And he is here. Hallelu. He is here. Amen. He is here. Bless holy. I will bless his name. him again. He is here. &gt;&gt; This closely hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. &gt;&gt; Shut in with God in a secret place. &gt;&gt; There in the spirit. Beholding his face and gaining more power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. Just shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. Shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shut in with God. Just shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face. Gaining new power to run in the race. How I long to be shy with God. Amen. Let's just sing one more before we dismiss. Change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. I want to be like you. Let's ask him that again. Oh, change my heart, Lord. Oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, may I be like you. For thou art the potter, I am the flame. Just mold me and make me, Lord. This is what I pray. Change my heart to oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Sing it one more time. Thou art the potter. Thou art the potter. I am the clay. Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart. Oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you? Levi, would you disgr all bow our heads. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you so much for the opportunity to come and hear your word and worship you. Lord, we thank you for the opportunity to be here. Lord, we pray and ask you'll please go with each of us, Lord. Please minister to our hearts, Lord. Please help us to remember the things that we've heard here today. And please bring us back at the appointed time so we may worship and hear your word again. We love you, Lord, and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You're dismissed. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you? In shady green pastures so rich and so sweet. God lead the dear children along where the waterers cool flows the weary ones feet. God leads his dear children along. And some through the waterers, some through the blood, some through the fire. But all through the blood and some through great sorrow, but God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Sometimes on the mountain where the sun shines so bright, God leads his dear children along. Sometimes in the valley, in the darkest of night, God leaves his dear children alone. Some through the waters, some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood and some through great sorrow. But God gives the song in the night season and all the day long. Though sorrows befall us and Satan upholds. God leads his dear children along. Through grace we can coner and defeat all our foes. God leads his dear children alone and some through the waterers. Some through the flood, some through the fire, but all through the blood and some fruit through great sorrow. But God gives a song in the night season and all the day long. Hallelujah.
