################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - Sunday Evening 03-23-25 - Bro Andrew Glover.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   Sunday Evening 03-23-25
Speaker: Bro Andrew Glover
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKa0gmmSOFw
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] together sanctuary. [Music] Glory to God. [Music] sanctuary for you. Let's tell him one more time. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. With [Music] thanksgiving, I will be a living [Music] sanctuary for brother Zach. Would you come open our service this evening with a word of prayer? [Music] Father God, as we come here before your presence, Lord Jesus, as we come here to give our all and all, Lord, and turn our hearts and our minds towards you, Lord, and we may be filled with your Holy Spirit, Lord, that you may come here, Lord, and be in our midst, Lord, and walk among these these aisles and fill our hearts with joy, love, whatever we need tonight, Lord God. And please bless everyone who is here, those visitors and the musicians, those in the back as well, the person who is going to be ministering to us tonight, Lord. Please, Lord, may you be speaking through him to us, Lord. I ask all these things in Jesus Christ's holy name. [Music] Amen. Amen. And we have a special service. It's always a special service when we come together. It's not because we have a special speaker. It's because we have a special God. And he deserves our praise. He deserves our worship. We don't praise him. The rocks will cry out. And I don't want that to happen. I don't want a rock to take my place. So, amen. Let's just create an atmosphere that lives can be changed tonight. And not looking around, lives can be changed ourselves. Lord, draw me closer to you. Prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. Amen. Just before we're seated, maybe we can sing that chorus. Key of B flat. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. Amen. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh yes I do. I worship him. Sing that to him again. When I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship him. Oh, I worship him. him for all he has done for me. Lord, you've redeemed and you've set me free and because just because he's God. Let's sing that second verse. I humble myself and when I come into his presence, I humble. Remembering what he's done, the victories that he's won. And he deserves our praise. All praise him. Oh, I will praise I'll praise him for all he's done for me. Lord, you've redeemed and set me free. And because just because you are God, Lord, for all you've done for all you've done for me. Yes, you've redeemed me. You set me free. And because just because. Oh, it's because just because. Yes, it's because. Just because. He is God. Hallelujah. You can be seated if you'd like. Peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, peace of God. Peace of God cover me through the storm. I may just want to ask him that one more time. Peace of God, cover me. Peace of God, cover me. Oh, cover me. Cover me. Peace of God cover me through the storm. Cover me. Only in you. Yes. Only in you I am saved. And holy in you I'm secure. And only in you I find peace. So cover me. Oh cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the storm. Cover me when it all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes on, I understand. Cover me. Oh, let's just sing that to him one more time. Peace of God, peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, peaceful God. [Music] Oh, cover me through the storm. Cover me. Only in you, Lord. Only in you I am saved. Sister Ella, could you make ready to sing for us tonight? Only in you I'm [Music] secure and only in you I find peace. So cover [Music] me. Oh cover me. Oh cover me when I am hurt. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am blowing through the [Music] storm. Cover me when all seems hopeless. Cover me when my faith is gone. Let the peace that passes all I understand cover. Cover [Music] me. Peace of God. Cover me. Cover me. through the stor. I almost let go. I felt like I just couldn't take life anymore. My problems had me bound. Depression weighed me down. But God held me close so I wouldn't let go. God's mercy kept me so I wouldn't let go. So I'm here because God kept me. I'm alive today only because of his grace. He kept me. God kept me. He kept me so I wouldn't let go. I almost gave up. I was right at the edge of a breakthrough but couldn't see it. The devil really had me but Jesus came and grabbed me. He held me close so I wouldn't let go. God's mercy kept me so I wouldn't let go. And so I'm here today because God kept me. I'm alive today only because of his grace. He kept me. God kept me. He kept me so I wouldn't let go. And so I'm here today because God kept me. I'm alive today only because of his grace. He kept me. God kept me. He kept me so I wouldn't let go. Oh, he kept me. Oh, God kept me. He kept me so I wouldn't let go. [Applause] [Music] If you know this song, just sing it with me in [Music] worship. How great are you, Lord? [Music] How great is your [Music] mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? [Music] Your loving [Laughter] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, [Music] Lord? How great are you, Lord? [Music] heavens. How great is the heart that sought and rescued me. How great are you, Lord? How great is your mercy? [Music] How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? Your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is his love? How great is your love? It reaches to the heavens. How great is the heart that son had rescued me. How great are you, Lord. How great is your mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord, your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? Sing with me. Oh, how great is your love. It reaches to the heavens. How great is the heart that sought and rescued me. How great are you, Lord. How great is your mercy. How great are the things that you have done for [Music] me. How great are you, Lord, your loving [Music] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great. Let's go into that chorus one more time. Oh, how great are you, Lord. How great is your mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord? Your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is your love? It reaches to the heavens. How great is the heart that sought and rescued me. How great are you, Lord. How great is your mercy. How great are the things that you have done for me. How great are you, Lord, your loving kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? Brother Sean, if you could come and prepare to sing for us as well before we take up the offering, the request that we have this evening. Amen. Just I was visiting with somebody today and it was that Psalm 48. Great is the Lord and greatly to be praised and just started talking about that and you know we were just singing about that. Great are you Lord great is your mercy and and we could go on and on about his greatness. But the second part on that, greatly to be praised, that falls on us. So greatly to be praised, his greatness is worthy of a great praise from us. And so that's our all. We want to give our all to him. And you think of David, all the instruments that he made that he praised him on, and he couldn't find one that did the job. It was like, I need another one to get this across. He's he's too He's too awesome. I can't just play this one on the harp. This one requires something else. And so I just thank him for his goodness and the gifts that he's given to us and the talents that are here. And I'm just so thankful for everybody wanting to use those for his honor and glory tonight. Amen. Brother Sean, appreciate you taking the time to prepare something as well. Amen. Happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. I just feel like praising him in the morning, all day long, any time of the day. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I'm going to praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord while I have a chance. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord while I have a chance. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. You feel like praising him tonight? Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. Oh, if you don't want to praise him, don't hinder me. Oh, if you don't want to praise him, don't hinder me. Oh, I'm praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Feel like praising, praising him. Sing it with me if you know it. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. I'm going to clap my hands. Oh, I'm going to clap my hands while I have a chance. Oh, I'm going to clap my hands while I have a chance. So, I'll praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. Feel like praising praising him. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising, praising [Music] him. I'm going to give him praise while I have a chance. Oh, I'm going to give him praise while I have a chance. I'm going to praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. And I'm going to sing a song while I have a chance. Oh, I'm going to sing a song while I have a chance. Oh, I praise him in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. I feel like praising him. Well, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, I feel like praising praising him. Oh, praising in the morning. Praise him all day long. I feel like praising praising him. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Will we clap? We're going to praise him. We have the chance. We're going to stand and give you a chance to praise him some more. Amen. This is a song I don't know that we've sung here before, but it's we're singing about praising him. Have a little more than have your whole body to be able to praise him. [Music] Amen. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing it one more time. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Yes. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's take it up one more time. Yes. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Oh, glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Oh God my savior. God my savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Oh, every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's take it up one more time. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise, every praise is to walk God. He's my savior. God my [Applause] savior. God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. He's God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Sing it one more time. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise, every praise is to our God. Let's all sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise. Every praise is to our [Music] God. Hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. For every praise is to him tonight. Amen. Brothers, if you'd come up for the offering this evening, I don't believe we had any any requests that were turned in, but how many just want to slip up their hand and say, "I have a need. I know that God knows what I have need of tonight, and I know that he supplied all of my needs according to his riches and glory." Amen. How many want to slip up both hands and say, "God has just been so good to me." And I want to give him every praise tonight. Amen. Brother Ben, how many has a need here tonight? Can you raise your hand? We've been praying for this service here tonight because we're asking for a special blessing tonight. We want God to speak to us because we need him more than ever before. We pray that brother brother Glover would have the liberty to just speak what's in his heart and we're we're expecting a great blessing tonight. We're expecting the Holy Spirit to come down amongst us. Oh God, we need you Lord. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, come to thee this evening Lord. Just thanking you Lord. great expectation in our heart, Lord God, that you would come and quicken those that the predestinated seeds that are in us, Lord. Those that have the seed and haven't been quickened yet, Lord, may may this be the night, Lord, that it's quickened in their hearts, Lord. And those that have quickened their seeds already, Lord, may you bring the increase, Lord. Paul planted, Apollo's watered, but you're the one that brings the increase, Lord. bring the increase to our hearts, Lord. Humbly we ask you to come and visit us tonight, Lord. The prophet said, "Anytime you invite him, he'll come." So, we're humbly inviting you, great God of creation, come down and speak to us tonight, Lord. Use Brother Glover in a special way, Lord. Anoint his heart, his mind, his vocal cords. May be and may he be anointed like he never has been before here tonight Lord that he have the freedom to speak Lord the word of life Lord this message Lord that's been open to us Lord all the mysteries been open to us Lord the revealed word of this hour Lord reveal it more to us Lord for this is there's rapturing grace in this message Lord and we know we need to get out of here pretty soon Lord thank you Lord I pray pray that you would touch everyone here, Lord. Those that are sick and afflicted, Lord, touch them, Lord. I pray thee, Lord. And these tithes and offerings, Lord, I pray that you bless them, Lord. And further into your kingdom, Lord. And the sister that's going to be baptized tonight, I pray that you would fill her with the Holy Ghost, oh God. Maybe she's the last one that we can go home, Lord. Oh, thank you, Father. We ask you all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. Before the choir comes, we have one more special song special this evening. Our brother Benuit snuck in here and Joel. Joel, I'm sorry. I knew it was Joel and I I apologize for that. Amen. So, um, we were discussing a couple songs in the back and wasn't sure which direction he'd go. So, I'll let him decide who he wants to accompany him tonight. So, depends on the song you're going to sing. So, all right. Amen. Let's sing one chorus. Is there coming? That's all right. That's all right. Let's go straight into the song, man. Good to be back in shalom tonight. God bless you all. Amen. Appreciate you all having me again. And uh I'm definitely not brother Ben Puit. Uh I'm I'm the better looking younger brother if he's watching. So John sings this one. I can't do it like brother John and my voice is not great tonight, but uh if you know it, sing it with me. Aren't you glad he said we can still go free? Amen. Oh, you can lock me up in a prison and throw away the key. You can take away my vision. from these eyes that now now can see. [Music] deprive me of the food I eat and even bite my hands and my feet. But as long as I know [Music] Jesus, then I can still go free. Oh, he said that I could still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand and do this for [Music] me. Even me. Oh, I was unworthy to live. I was not fit to kill. But then a man on the cross, he had my name in his will and said that I could still go free. Well, I never could quite understand why a king would ever leave his throne. Oh, to dawn himself in the robe of man. Feel the pain of flesh. Flesh and [Music] bone. And then to later walk down that lonely path that led to Calary. Oh, where those blood red stains washed all sin stains so that I could still I could go free. Oh, he said that I could still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand and do this for [Applause] me. Even me. Oh, I was unworthy to live. I was not fit to kill. But then the man on the cross, he had my name in his will and said that I Oh, I could still go free. Can you sing it with me one time? Oh, he said that I I could still go free. Oh, tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand and do this for me. So even me, so unworthy to live. Oh, I was not fit to kill. But then the man on the cross, he had my name in his will and said that I Oh, I could still go free. Oh, but the man on the cross, he had my name in his will and said that I could still go [Music] free. I am so thankful for that. He said we could go free. How many want to accept that pardon that we've been given tonight? Amen. If the choir could let's all stand as the choir comes and we'll just sing a chorus as they get the stage ready for that. Hallelujah. Amen. Maybe we could just sing. How great is our God. How great is his word. How great is our God. How great is his word? He's the greatest [Music] one that ever was heard. He rolled back the waters of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "I will lead you. Just put your trust in me." Sing it to him one more time. How great is our God. How great is his word? He's the greatest one that ever was heard. He rolled back the waters of the mighty Red Sea and he said, "I will lead you. Just put your trust in me. You can be seated. [Music] I dedicate my life, my will to thee, you can use these hands, you can use this for your kingom and your glory. Lord, I want to be a willing vessel, a vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel, the instrument you choose. I want to empty myself available to you. Let me be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. So let me be a willing vessel. [Music] I will to be alone. You can use this for your kingom. Glor [Music] will I be a willing vessel instrument you choose I myself to Let me vessel you can use an unknown place for I am now. sent me. I'll go to share this goel with those who never heard me before. I empty myself to you. Completely yours. I want to be a vessel. A vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel, the instrument you choose. I want to empty of myself, available to you. Let me be a vessel. Be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. you can use. I want to be a vessel. A vessel you can use. I want to be a willing vessel. The instrument you choose. I want to empty of myself available to you. Let me be a vessel. Be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. You can use [Music] Make me hold me. Make me into a vessel that you can use. [Music] into a vessel that you can use. Make me a vessel that you can use. Yes. Yes. Yes. Completely yours. Yes. Yes. Yes. Send me. I'll go. Yes. Yes. Yes. Completely yours. Yes. Yes. to me. I'll go. Yes. Yes. Yes. Complete yours. Yes. Yes. Yes. Let me be your willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. Be a willing vessel. You can use [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many can say, "Praise the Lord." How many want to be a willing vessel? Amen. That he can use. God bless you. Let's give the choir another hand of praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. Did an excellent job. I thank the Lord for them. Amen. God bless each of you. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord with you this evening. We come forward to we come tonight to hear the word of the Lord. And I believe the Lord has something very special for us. Do you believe that he has something for you? God's got a blessing with your name on it. There's a song that says that. Amen. So, as our brother Andrew Glover, I met him some years ago at brother Wesco's church and I I saw a post where he said that brother Wesco was his hero. I think that was one of the So, it shows you the caliber of brother. This is a young man when I met him. He wasn't married at the time. He was trying to trace those years back there at brother West. But I so thoroughly enjoyed him and his position on the word of the Lord. Amen. a real bonafide evangelist and minister. He's been all over preaching the word of the Lord. How many here have heard him preach before? Amen. How many's never This will be your first time. Oh, quite a few. All right. So, he let him shock you a little bit. I'll let him. Very fine brother. Totally. The the reason we haven't had him over the years, it just never worked out. And I feel like chastising him a little bit because he gets in and he gets out, but he has a very tight schedule. And this time he let me know that he was in the area. So we squeezed on him. And we got a special treat to have brother Joel with us here tonight, too. And so uh he preached for us some time ago. How many remember that? Wasn't that a blessing? And an excellent singing and and known Joel all his most of his life as well. young preachers, young ministers, and I'm young, too, but young ministers. Amen. That hold on to the word of the Lord as we was trying to respect our elders this morning. As I like to uh take my um allegiance to the ministers and pastors that have held on true to the word and they heard all of the lies and all of the negative and all of the this and they stayed with it over the years. And so there's some young ones coming up too. And I believe Brother Andrew is part of that caliber of people. So as he prepares to come um and he's making his way Oh, he's here. Thank praise the Lord. Yeah. Talk about him behind my back, but he's behind my back. So all right, brother Andrew. We love him. He since been married and has one or one little boy. Amen. And I'll let him introduce himself, his church, and the pastor that he's working with and under. But for a number of years, he was with brother Roy Shrewberry. How many remember him? Old faithful saint. And so he's just around good people. Brother Andrew is. And so as he prepares to come, let's sing that old hymn of the church, Amazing Grace. Amazing grace, how sweet, sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I once was lost, but now now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Let's lift our hands and say, "Praise God." Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Oh, let's sing it. Let's stand and sing it one more time. Praise God. Oh, praise God. It's worthy to be [Music] praised. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Amen. How many come to praise him tonight? Amen. There's one thing we know he inhabits. Amen. The praise of his children. Amen. And there's one thing I believe will change any situation is a little bit of praise. Amen. When you begin to praise God, he'll actually come and sit right in the middle of the situation. And he said, "I am the Lord and I change not." And amen. I'm thankful this evening to know that he's the same yesterday. Amen. Today and forever. And amen. Want to say God bless you all tonight. It is a a real special honor to be here with you tonight. And amen to be with our friend, brother Israel Po and his family in the church here. And amen. We met Brother Israel. He said there several years back at brother West Coast meetings and amen I was just down there a few months ago at brother West Coast and amen I was sitting there in the back room and I was thinking of those days those meetings and amen I told brother Mike the pastor there now I said there were times in here it felt like the walls were breathing in this place. Amen. Just the power of God moving and Amen. But I tell you the wonderful thing about it is that same God is right here in this building tonight. Amen. We sure appreciate brother Israel and enjoyed his ministry there many times in those services. Really left an impression on us. And so it is a real honor to be here tonight. And we bring you greetings from our pastor, brother Matt Morris, the saints there at Grace Tabernacle in Black Rockck, Arkansas. Amen. I was preaching somewhere I think was it brother Sangers the other day and he told me he said if you got to have a visa to go there and I said no. I said it's a part of America. Amen. So amen. But we bring greetings from the saints there and sure glad to have brother Joel Puit here with us and amen you all know him. And so tonight we just want to go to the word of the Lord. If you have your Bibles while you're standing with us I know it's a Sunday evening but such a such a charge of expectation in the building tonight and Amen. I look across the congregation and so many of our friends here. Brother John, Sister Joy, God bless you. It's sure good to see you all. Amen. Been a few days and then brother Arbaggass there. God bless you. Amen. It's good to see you. And Amen. And brother uh brother John actually was my counselor back at Louisiana Youth Camp. So, Amen. He'll he'll have to uh forgive me a little bit tonight. Amen. So, Amen. But we sure love them. And Amen. Brother David, God bless you. It's good to see you, Brother Fritz. Amen. Let's look here in the book of Psalms, chapter 62. We want to look here in Psalm 62. We just have a a simple thought on our heart tonight, but we pray it'll be a blessing to you. in Psalms chapter 62 and verse number five. And maybe before we read the word, let's just speak to the author for a moment. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we gather here this evening, what an honor it is to be in your presence, Lord, to be gathered with believers of like precious faith, Lord, to be able to stand here on this platform tonight that has been built, oh God, for the preaching of the message of the hour that you've sent in this age. We're so thankful for it, Lord. Father, we thank you for the years of labor and efforts that your servant, Brother Israel, has put forth in this community, Lord, to hold up this insign of the word that you sent in this hour. Now, Lord, as we come here tonight to join our little lick of fire together with these believers. And Lord, we know that when believers get together, something good always happens. Lord, we're not gathered here tonight under the banner of a man or a tradition, but oh God, we're gathered here under the great banner of Jehovah. Lord, you said wherever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. And Lord, tonight we're inviting you to come among us in a special way. Lord, Father, may this be another Emmas roadwalk experience, Lord. Father, may you move me aside, Lord, that the people would not see me or hear me, oh God, but Lord, that they would hear your voice as it would speak through your word. Lord, may you drive out every spirit that's unlike the Holy Spirit. And Lord, if there be any sicknesses here, oh God, you're Jehovah Rafa. Lord, may the may the healing virtues of Calvary flow through those bodies, Lord, for bound hearts and minds. I pray, Lord, you would come as the great emancipator, Lord, and bring deliverances, oh God. Lord, may may questions be answered here tonight, dear Father. Lord, may lives be changed, not because we were here, but because you were here. Uh, Lord, we surrender ourselves into your hands for your use. Forgive us of our failures and shortcomings. Lord, transform us by your word. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask these things and all the believers says amen and amen. Psalm 62 and verse 5 David here says my soul wait thou only upon God for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my salvation. He is my defense. I shall not be moved. In God is my salvation and my glory. Now I love this. He is the rock of my strength and my refuge is in him. How many knows, brother Bram says that a rock represents a revelation. So we could very easily say that David's revelation of his strength and his refuge was his God. Now in the book of Proverbs, one book over, Proverbs chapter 24, Proverbs 24 and verse number 13. Proverbs 24 and verse number 13. Here Solomon writing. He says, "My son, eat thou honey because it is good and the honeycomb which is sweet to thy taste." How many knows the Bible in Revelations 10 tells us that book would be like honey? In verse 14, he says, "So shall the knowledge of wisdom be, notice this, unto thy soul when thou hast found it. Then there shall be a reward." I love this. and thy expectation shall not be cut off. Amen. So if there's an expectation in the heart of a believer, there has to be a satisfaction to that expectation somewhere. Thy expectation shall not be cut off. And one other place I want to look is in the prophet Jeremiah, the book of Jeremiah, the 20th chapter. Amen. I know we could read this verse here by heart. In Jeremiah chapter 20 and verse number nine, Jeremiah writing here, he says, "Then I said, I will not make mention of him, nor speak anymore in his name, but his word was in mine heart as a burning fire shut up in my bones, and I was weary with forbearing, and I could not stay." Amen. We ask Lord this evening to add the blessing to the reading of his of his word. As you can have your seat here this afternoon, if the Lord would help me for just a few moments tonight, if I would uh take a title here, I want to talk to you on this. Expectations lit by the message. Amen. Expectations lit by the message. And you know uh maybe just to uh make a uh bold declaration to start off of what I believe. Amen. I believe that the message of the hour, amen, has come by the Elijah of Malachi 4. I believe it has come for the purpose of putting the church into an atmosphere of expectation. I believe this message come to grip you. I believe it come to move you, to elect you, amen, to capture you, to apprehend you, amen, to select you, amen, to be a participant in the rapture, amen, and in the resurrection. Now, I'll just have to say it the way I believe it. The message of the hour came, amen, to set you in expectation for what God promised in his word could be fulfilled in our lives. Now, amen, just to lay a foundation here, Brother Brandon would say at 1953, he said, "I'll tell you what the church needs today," Amen. is an oldtime Holy Ghost fire kindled under her. He said, "Glory to God, that's what we need." He said, "Fire will move the church and nothing else." Again, what is the Holy Ghost 1959? He said, "Seeing the revival fires begin to dim, let us throw on wood of the word that it might kindle a new fire, amen, that our hearts would be full of zeal." Again, in 1962, convinced and concerned, he said, "What we need is lives lit." Amen. What we need is lives lit. Amen. A flame with the power and the resurrection of Christ. Amen. Shining forth in the same kind of light that he gave. another place 1963 just once more he said send down a rain of God's holy fire and lighten our souls Lord amen with the presence of Jesus Christ now we know that the Bible says in Matthew 3 that Jesus or rather John the Baptist said I will baptize you with water amen repentance he said but there's one coming after me amen who is mightier than I and he said and he shall baptize you amen with the Holy Ghost and with fire. Amen. I love in in Hebrews 12, Paul would say, Amen, that our God is an allconsuming fire. Amen. Brother Brandham says it like this. He said, "God cleanses his prophets by fire." Amen. Not by theology or by some book of some kind. Amen. But he cleans his people by fire. Amen. That's Holy Ghost and fire. Amen. Not by declaration of creeds or a book of something that you've got to learn. Amen. A bunch of prayers. No, he cleans them by fire off of the altar. He said that's how he sets him in order. Now, what I find very amazing, Amen, is the same way that God cleanses his prophets, Amen, is the same way he cleans his people. He said, see, not by learning or by a bachelor of heart, amen, but getting holy fire from heaven, amen, that takes the lying off of your lips. It takes the carnality out of you and burns that stuff away. Amen. the draws of the world and puts his presence in there. Amen. And lives through that person. Amen. A holy fire is what God cleans his church with. Amen. God does not cleanse by knowledge. Amen. He cleans by fire. I've met people and they say, "Listen, Amen. We want Jesus. We want Jesus. We want Jesus." Amen. But we don't want none of that word. Amen. Well, the prophet said that Jesus is the word. He said, "So you can't have Jesus and not have the word." Amen. because they are the self-same thing. And some people around our ranks, Amen. They want the Holy Ghost, brother. Amen. We want the Holy Ghost, but they don't want no fire. Amen. But you can't get the Bible Holy Ghost. Amen. Without getting the fire that comes with it. Listen, I don't think we need more doctrines. I I don't think we need more creeds or more doctrines. Amen. What we need is the fire of God. Amen. To return in the church of God. Listen, somebody say, "Well, amen. The world's creeping in." Amen. It's cuz the fire is going out. Amen. But if the fire of God ever burns in a church, Amen. It'll burn out gossip. It'll burn out unbelief. It'll burn out lies. Listen, I say as a church, we ought to welcome the Holy Ghost and fire. We ought to welcome him in our pullpit. Listen, I think we ought to have fire in our singing. We ought to have fire in our preaching. We ought to have fire on the altar. We ought to have fire on the pews. Amen. From the front door to the back door. Amen. Ought to be the fire of God. Amen. burning in the church with authority and power. Amen. God don't send a church an icicle. He sends the church a fire. Amen. God cleanses by fire. Let me tell you why God cleanses by fire is because he wants you to become a direct reflection. Amen. Of that fire. That's why Jesus said that ye are the light of the world. You are a city that is set on a hill. Amen. That cannot be hid. Jesus said, "Men do not light a candle, and they put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house." I love verse 16. Amen. So let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works. Now watch this. They will see your good works, but they will glorify your father which is in heaven. So the fire of God is not bringing glorification to a man. It's bringing good works into the church, but it's sending the glory unto God. Now, I love in question answer 64, they asked brother Brandham, "Do you believe, amen, that signs should follow all who have the Holy Spirit?" I love how he answers that. He said, "Jesus said so." Mark 16. Amen. Amen. I love a prophet that just cuts to the chase and says it. Amen. He said, "But is it so?" Amen. people that believe the message with all that's in them yet they have not these signs. Are they unbelievers or do they need the Holy Spirit? If so, please instruct us today on how to receive the Holy Ghost. Now, I love what the question here says. Amen. We believe that you are God's mouthpiece for our day. Amen. So, I have not forgot that we are not our own mouthpiece. Amen. But according to Malachi 4 and Revelations 10, there would be a seventh angel would come to the church and he would be more than just a preacher. He would be more than just a teacher. He would be the mouthpiece of almighty God that has come in this age. Amen. To rebuke the confusion, to rebuke the tradition and to bring the realities of God, amen, back into the church. Listen, I'm one that still believes. Amen. He is God's mouthpiece. And I'll just say what he said. I'll just say what he said. You cannot receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost without having an experience when it happens. You say, "Well, I believe every speck of it." He said, "The word is laying in there and it is waiting for the Holy Spirit, amen, to put it to work, but it takes the lighting of the candle." He said, "Now, here's the candle with the wick in it and with all the tallow, everything it has to have in that candle. Now, now look. But until the fire comes on it, it will not give any light. No matter how perfect the candle is, how perfect it'll burn and everything. Amen. It's got to be litten. Amen. And then it burns and further down until the Holy Spirit with a fiery experience. Amen. Comes down and lights that candle. Then you have not received the Holy Ghost. Listen folks, I believe the Holy Ghost, Amen, will bring a transformation into the heart of every individual. Listen. Amen. Somebody say, "How we going to get the makeup off our girls? And how we going to get the high heel shoes off?" And hey, can I preach? Amen. How we going to get televisions out of homes? Amen. I'll tell you why they're coming back in is cuz somewhere somebody Amen. changed the plum line of the church. But I'll say this, what a prophet said that was good 50 years ago is still good tonight. And a prophet said, "We must have the Holy Ghost." He said, "It is essential. It is compulsory. It is necessary that we receive the Holy Ghost or we're not coming in the resurrection." Now, I'll say this. Amen. We're not a bunch of grandchildren. Amen. Of God. We are children of God. Amen. By an experience. You know what John said? He said that we should be called, Amen, the sons of God. You know what a prophet said? He said the only way you can be a son and a daughter of God is because you have to have eternal life. He said the gene of your life, your spiritual life tonight was in God the Father before there was even a molecule. And you are nothing but the manifestation of the gene of life that was in God as a son of God. Well, glory to God. Amen. Now you're expressed after his word has come in you. Now why did his word come in you? Amen. To light up this age. You are the expressing of God's life in you. Because you are a son or a daughter of God. Another place we have become. Amen. From mortal beings from time beings to eternal beings. Now when did this happen? When the word of God, amen, lit our souls and we become sons and daughters of God with the attributes, amen, the gene of life of God in us to be sons and daughters of the father. Amen. God in heaven. Let me say this. Amen. We're not here, Amen, just taking up space. We're not here, Amen, just being religious people. But we are here as the direct manifestation of the quickening power of the Holy Ghost. Listen, we're not going back to God as a thought. We're not going back to God as an attribute. We are going back to God as a manifestation of his thoughts which were eternal thoughts which were before the foundation of the world. Listen, I feel so good. I feel like running right now. We're not here as church members. We are the bride of Jesus Christ who has been ordained to believe the things that we believe in the age that we're living in. Listen, we're not here, Amen, just taking up space. Amen. The word of God, the word of God has come into this age. Amen. And we're lit. Oh, glory to God. The word of God has come into this age and it has lit our souls. Now, when you look at this word lit, I love Webster's definition. He said to provide with light or lightning. He says illuminated. Now, I love this part. Having been ignited, set on fire and burning. Well, glory to God. You've been ignited. You've been set on fire, and you're burning. Brother Bam said like this, and he reads John 11, I am the resurrection and the life. Now he that believeth in me, Amen, though he were dead, amen, yet shall he live. And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. I love that question. Believest thou this? Believest thou this? Rabb comes along and says, "Now see, amen. You are in him believing." Amen. Believe in me, not on me, being in him believing. He said, I chose this text, amen, to show you where we stand. Amen. Believing in him. And you cannot believe in him until you come in. And he comes in you, then you're believing in him, then you have eternal life. See, you're believing on him until you receive eternal life. But then eternal life is God's life in you. Amen. Then you're believing in him. What is it? It's God in Christ. Amen. And it's Christ in the church. It isn't you no more. Amen. It isn't you no more. Amen. It's the word that's in you. And the word is God. If the word is in your soul, then I can tell you tonight, deity is not in heaven. Deity is in the earth. It's in the redeemed flesh of the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now, I just I'm just a country boy. Okay? Amen. So, I got to preach it the way I see it. Amen. I'll sit like this. Amen. Anybody can drive by this church and they can look over here at Shalom Tabernacle and Brother Israel, they can say these words, "I believe in what you're doing." They can drive by and say, "I believe in that church, man. I believe in what they're doing." Amen. But do you realize there's a difference in believing in something and believing in something? You say, "What's the difference?" Amen. The difference is, Amen. They can be on the outside and say they believe in it, but you're on the inside and you really believe in it because you're not on the outside looking in saying, "I believe what's going on in there," but you're actually in here believing in what's going on. Oh, God. Can I just say it to you? You are what's going on. You are the bride of Jesus Christ. Listen, I'm not outside of this message. Amen. Looking at it, saying, "I believe in it. I'm in Malachi 4. I'm in Luke 17:30. I'm in John 14:12. I am in this message. Amen. Believing in the word in the age I'm living in. Amen. What is it? It's his life. It's his dynamics in his mechanics that's in you that fires it off and makes it go and do the works that it promised to do. Somebody say, "Well, I believe in them books." Well, let me tell you who else does. The devil does. Well, I believe in them takes and the devil does, too. But there's a big difference in you and the devil. You are a part of them books. You are a part of them tapes. You are a part of this Bible. You are a part of the word. Listen. And the devil cannot take you out. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You say, "What's happening?" I'll tell you. It's what Paul said when he said the eyes of your understanding would be enlightened that you may know what is the hope of his calling. What is the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints? Look at this word enlightened. It means to bring to light. It means to cause something to exist and thus come to light and become clear to all. Now Paul follows that in Ephesians 3 and verse 8 and says, "Unto me who am less than the least of all saints is this grace given that I should preach among the Gentiles." Now look what he's going to preach. He's going to preach the uncarchable riches of Christ. Somebody say, "Well, Amen. We got to go on beyond what brother said to find something to preach." Well, if you're a chicken, you do. But if you're an eagle, you don't. Amen. Because an eagle is wherever the carcass is. And folks, this is not a word that has an expiration date on it. This is an inexhaustible fountain. It is a reservoir. It is the uncarchable riches of Jesus Christ. It is the unfolding of the promises of God. It is the opening of seven seals. It is the sounding of seven thunders. It is the herd bull. It is the opening of the word. Listen folks, we're not a little fish in a little tank. We're are the rainbow trouts and we're drinking the waters of life and we're growing by the revelation. My goodness. Amen. The uncarchable riches. Listen. You can search and search and search and you still won't find them all. Look what he goes on to say in verse 9. And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God. Come on folks. This was not hid in Jeffersonville. It was not hid in Tucson. It was not hid in Sabino Canyon. This message was hid in God from before the foundation of the world, who created all things by Jesus Christ. I love what Paul says to Timothy in 2 Timothy 1:8. He says, "Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner, but be thou a partaker of the afflictions of the gospel according to the power of God who has saved us and called us with a holy calling." Look. Amen. Not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace, which was given us in Christ Jesus. When was it given to us, folks? Amen. before the world began. Can I say something to you? You are catching up in time with what God did in eternity. Listen, you weren't saved in time. You weren't saved at the altar. You were saved in the mind of God from before the foundation of the world. And the only thing that happened in time is you received what he done in eternity. Can I preach? Hey, I want to say it to you. And there ain't no devil can reverse in time what God sealed in eternity. Your name was put on the lamb's book of life from before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. Now look what Paul says. He said this was given us in Christ Jesus when before the world began. But watch but is now made manifest. Glory to God. It is now made manifest by the appearing of our savior Jesus Christ who hath abolished death and hath brought life and immortality, amen, to light through the gospel. You say, "What are you talking about?" Brother Re said, "There's a great big difference in the sign of Jesus appearing and then Jesus coming." He said, "See, the appearing of the Lord is now when he's appearing in his people, his spirit working among them." Amen. Proven that it's him with him. Now, what is the appearing doing? It is getting them ready for the rapture. Can I just say it and get it out there and get it over with? You ain't taking a rapture without this message. Come on. Amen. Let me just say it. You won't pray your way in this rapture. You won't shout your way in this rapture. You won't fast your way in this rapture. Brother said, "It's going to take rapturing faith and it's going to take rapturing grace." Will you remember something? It's not rapturing works. You will not work your way in this rapture. It will be the grace of God that'll put you in this rapture. You say, "Then where are we going to get rapture in faith? Where are we going to get rapturing grace?" God has sent a message which was the uncarchable riches of Jesus Christ from before the foundation of the world. Hallelujah. That's why the devil wants to shut up these books. That's why the devil wants to turn off these tapes is cuz he knows if you ever get a revelation of who you are, it'll put you in the rapture. But I want to tell that devil, he's too late. Hallelujah. That devil's too late. I'm already sealed in by the grace of God. I've already got rapturing faith. I've already got rapturing grace. Devil, you're too late. You're too late, devil. The coming of the Lord is to catch away his bride. I love this. God sent us the message of the hour that our eyes would be enlightened to the promises concerning us. Now, let me just say this. The message of the hour, it must be received as the divine message. Again, Paul says in 1 Timothy or 1 Thessalonians 2, for this cause also, we thank God without ceasing, "Because when you receive the word of God, which you heard of us, you received it not as the word of men, but as it is in truth, now look at this. It's the word of God which effectually workketh also in you that believe." Now, what was the prophet's battlecry from 47 to 65? only believe. Come on. Amen. What was his theme song? What did he stand on platforms and say over and over? Amen. It don't matter if you feel it. You just got to believe it. Somebody said, "Well, I don't see nothing." Well, Brother Ram said it very beautiful. He said, "You don't have to see nothing and you don't have to feel nothing." He said, "But you do have to believe something." Amen. You don't have to see nothing. You don't have to feel nothing, but you do have to believe something. Listen, folks. That's why the devil's done everything he can to replace the faith of the son of God in the church of God. He knows all things are possible. Amen. To them that believe. That's why the prophet of God said, "He who will lend his ear and want to know the words of truth, amen, will find the spirit of God enlightening him." Now, I don't want to I know some of us are getting to know each other for the first time, but let me just say this. There are different degrees of reception of this message. And I've been been preaching since I was 13. I gave my heart to the Lord when I was nine. Got baptized, received the Holy Ghost. I've been preaching since I was 13. Amen. 15 years of my life. Amen. I've been studying this word and looking at these promises. And I was telling brother Joel the other day, I said, "The hardest thing for me when I started traveling around and preaching was realizing people said they believed the message and then they didn't want you to say what the messenger said." I remember I remember as a 16-year-old kid standing in the pastor's office. He said, "Now go out there and preach, but don't quote no quotes." I thought, "Well, what is this, a Baptist church?" Amen. Listen, if we're the message, then we ought to receive it as the message. I have found that many people receive this message under different receptions. Some receive it as just a good idea. Some receive it that Brother Brandon was a prophet. Some received just the first pull. They just received the second pull. Amen. But let me say this. To receive the full benefit of the message, you've got to receive it at the same level that it was sent to you in. Can I say it? Can I get it out there? And this is a fiery message. It's a fiery message. So, in other words, Amen. I love what said. He said, "People might say our church, our brethren, well, the cooling off of the message and so forth." I love his answer. It ain't cooling off. Well, that ought to make you put your shouting shoes on. Amen. Somebody say, "Well, the message is cooling off." Well, maybe your view of it cooling off or your homemade theology is cooling off, but this message is still burning with the same fire and the same passion and the same anointing that it was delivered in 50 years ago. The church might be cooling off. Amen. But I'll just go ahead and say it. And and can I take my liberty? Amen. Amen. People, they I'm sorry, folks. I'm not polished. They say some dumb things. They say things like, "Well, we ought to get people to me to Christ and then get them to the message." Well, I'm sorry. That's a dumb statement. Amen. Because what is this message? This message is not a church. It's not a idea about Jesus. This message is Jesus Christ. Somebody say, "Well, we got to get them to Christ. Then we'll get them to the message." How can you get somebody to this message and not get them to Christ? Brother Brandham said, "This message is Christ." He said, "It's token hour. It's zero hour. It's time that we quit talking about the token and we apply the token and get underneath the message." Hallelujah. I'll say when I believe, I believe this message is Christ. And I believe what a prophet said. He said, "When man stepped across the message of the hour, it brought death and chaos to the whole human race." He said, "Now that's how much the message means." Now, I'll just say it like a prophet said it. He said, "The first church was established on the day of Pentecost." He said, "The true church which was born at Pentecost, which is the Christian church." He said, "Now God is infinite and he cannot change." He said, "Then his church must remain as it was at the beginning." I love this statement. He said, "But man has tinkered with it." He said, "Man has tinkered with it and put their own interpretations in it." He said, "Don't you never try to interpret the word of God. You just say what it says and don't care how it is. You just line up with it. Do not change the word. The Bible said the scriptures is not any private interpretation." Now, I'm just saying what Brother Bram said, okay? He said, "We have no right to say these things. We just got to read it and say it just exactly like it says and believe it the same way. I don't care how ridiculous it seems. You believe it anyhow." Now, now I'm the guy. I had to know, Brother Josh. I had to know. Amen. What does the word tinker mean? Well, I found out what it means. It means to attempt to repair or improve something in a casual or a lukewarm way. And it is often to no useful effect. It is to attempt to mend something by tinkering. So I found out what's actually happening is amen is lukewarm guys that never was called to begin with have invaded pullpits and because they can't get no pullpits, they got YouTube channels and they're trying to tinker with a fiery message. Let me say this. You cannot play with fire and expect not to get burnt. This is not an icicle message, folks. This is not a lukewarm message. It's a fiery message. It ought to bring a fire in our hearts. When God sends his message to an age, amen, that message becomes, amen, the leadership of that age. He said, "Then there is no private revelation, nor is there a group, amen, getting their collective revelation, but each person is hearing and receiving what the messenger has already received from God." Now, I'll just have to say it. As followers of the message of the hour, I really believe the time has come to remember what we're following. I think as Peter said, he said that you be mindful of the words which were spoken by the holy prophets. Can I say this? If we know what we are following, then we know what we are not following. If we identify what we're following, then we identify what we're not following. And here's what Peter said. We have not followed cunningly devised fables when we made known unto you the power and the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. Look at this word followed. It means to follow one's authority. Now let me just say what a prophet said. He said I am thoroughly convinced that my message comes from God. I am thoroughly convinced it's not my fleshly mind puffed up. It's the word of God. another place since the open of those seven seals. This has become a new book. Amen. And we are the privileged people that God has chosen of the earth that we might see and understand these things which is not some mythical fleshly mind of a person trying to make it up. It is the word of God made manifest and proven that it's right. Proven not by science. Amen. But by God. another place this message of the hour that we are now enjoying the presence of God the latter day the evening time when the lights are shining and the things has been opened up and the word vindicated and proved to be the truth he said if a man walks out on that he's an unbeliever he's beyond hopes he has been numbed by the power of Satan and there is no hope for him well you're looking at one preacher that refuses es to give in to the spirit of numbness. I refuse to give into it, folks. I refuse to say, "Well, amen. I've been hurt or I've been let down." Listen, this message, amen, is a message of healing. It's a message of a second chance. It's the message of a third chance. It's the message of a chance until you get it right. Now, now, somebody say, "Well, amen. There ain't nothing going on in the church." Well, just because you're numb don't mean ain't nothing happening. Y'all know what I'm talking about. And people say, "Well, there ain't nothing going on in the church." Well, actually, there is. But the problem is you become so numb. Oh, God. That it can be standing right next to you and you don't even realize it's in the building. Can I say this? The devil's trying to numb your vision. He's trying to numb your faith. He's trying to numb your worship. He's trying to numb your praise. He's trying to numb the ministry. He's trying to numb the anointing. But I say, Satan, I adjure thee in the name of Jesus Christ. I refuse to be numb by the power of Leota. And they say, well, amen. The message of the hour is getting cold. It ain't getting cold. It's getting hotter and hotter and hotter because the message of the hour has lit an expectation in us. Now listen, that what we read in the word can be fulfilled in our lives. Amen. Man, I hate to ask this, but it would be possible to turn this air conditioner up. It's getting cool up here. Amen. Expectation. Now, Amen. Look at this word expectation. It's a strong belief that something will happen or will be the case in the future. Thank you, brother. It is a belief that someone will or should achieve something. Can I say this? An expectation is a strong belief. Let me let me make it very plain. Our beliefs are strong, folks. We strongly believe that this message is thus sayaith the Lord. We strongly believe there's going to be a rapture. See, we're like Abraham who staggered not at the promise of God, but he grew stronger in faith, giving glory to God. Re said it very beautiful. He said, "I would to God that you could come under the influence that I live under and my church lives under. For we believe God is a healer. We believe that God is a savior. And we believe that God gives the Holy Ghost. That was more than just an idea, folks. That was more than just a declaration of faith. That was a strong belief that God is a healer. God is a savior. Can I say this? And God gives the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. You ain't got to live on some secondhand religion or some some historical God. There is a everpresent help in the time of trouble and he is in this building tonight in the form of the Holy Ghost. Brother Brand preached it very beautiful. He said there's expectations. 18 times he preached on expectation and he established this principle for the church. We get what we expect. Glory to God, brother Jordan. We get what we expect many times. But but but let me just say this and and not not knocking at you but just preaching. Okay? Many times we only move into the element of expectation around a special meeting or around a convention or around a youth camp. But can I say this? The message of the hour has moved us beyond Pentecostalism. We should live under the expectation and the leadership of the Holy Ghost. Now when brother Bam taught this spiritual principle of expectation from St. Luke chapter 2 and verse 25 he said behold there was a man in Jerusalem whose name was Simeon and the same man was just and devout. He was waiting for the consolation of Israel. I love this part. And the Holy Ghost was upon him. Brother Bram said the Holy Ghost was upon him in that great evil day, that great day of formality and indifference. the Holy Spirit could still rest on a man. Look in verse 26. And it was revealed to him by the Holy Ghost that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ. So the Holy Ghost was upon him, but the Holy Ghost was also imparting, Amen, spiritual revelation unto him. Come on, folks. Amen. Can we read the next verse? And he came by the spirit. into the temple when the parents brought the child to Jesus. Now, I want you to catch something. The Holy Ghost that was on him was the Holy Ghost that gave him revelation. But it was also, Brother John, the same Holy Ghost that led him to the manifestation of his expectation. In other words, he was an 80year-old white bearded sage man. But the father of God said he did not reason it. He believed it. He said, "I will not die until I see the Lord's Christ." Can I say something to you? His gray hair could not cut his expectation off. Amen. Bad days could not cut his expectation off. He knew if I'll just stay with it, there will come a reward to the expectation of my heart. My goodness, I love how the prophet brings it out. He said, in other words, what happened was the Holy Ghost found a man to believe his message in Easter Seal. He said, the Holy Spirit is today hunting out honest hearts that will believe that message. Everything in the Bible that was promised is to that believer. Are y'all ready for this? And when you accept it in its fullness, and God knows that you'll do it, brother. God knows you will accept this message. God knows that you will accept what a prophet taught in its fullness and he gives you the abstract to it. Then every promise it's made is in your possession and the Holy Spirit is there to quicken that to you. He said, "See, we usually get what we expect." Can I say this? Faith knows no defeat, folks. Faith is perfect. Faith brings things when there's no thanks to be brought. I love this. Faith creates. Faith takes away doubt. It takes negative and makes it positive. He said, "But faith has got to have a foundation." So the foundation of our faith, Amen, it must be a revelation. When the foundation of our faith is a revelation, then we can expect the impossible. Glory to God. Hallelujah. I say thank God for the message of the hour that released our expectations from the prison bars of denomination and set him into another dimension where we can believe all things are possible. We have a right. Can I say this to you? We have a right to expect the impossible. Can I say this to you? Our God is the God of the impossible. My Bible says with God nothing shall be impossible. My Bible says if thou canst believe then all things are possible to him that believeth. Brother said it like this. You say all things are possible with God. He said all things are possible to you. Glory to God. Well, somebody give me some shout room in the house of God. All things are possible to you that believe. Can I make it very plain? God's power, folks, to perform the impossible is not coming. It's here. Somebody say, "Well, it's coming." Say what a prophet said. He said, "My ministry is different from the evangelist. It's different from the pastor." He said, "My ministry is to declare him, he is here." Glory to God. If he's here, then he's here in power. If he's here, then he's here in authority. If he's here, then he's here in reality. Oh, I'm trying to behave myself, but y'all are pulling better than I'm preaching. Hallelujah. Listen, folks. He's here. He's here in this building tonight. He's here to do war with the devils of your life. He's here to break spirits. He's here to break complexes. He's here to break depression. He's here to heal cancer. He's here to deliver souls. When you take the right mental attitude towards any divine promise of God, watch it materialize. Watch it materialize. No matter how it looks, if it looks impossible, if God said so, he makes it possible. Listen, if we be the Messiah's servants, then we have to have the Messiah's power. Another place you see when a man or person has really once come in contact with God with that genuine revealed faith. Brother Israel that God is. Oh, somebody say that back to me. God is not God was and not God will be. Brother Tim, but God is. You want to change the services in Shalom Tabernacle? Then receive the genuine revelation that God is here. He's here on Wednesday. He's here on Sunday. He's here on Tuesday. He's here on your special meetings. Come on, folks. I think it's time, Amen, to take the restrictions off. I think it's time to quit limiting the unlimited God. I think it's time to quit expecting just little old things. I think it's time to expect great things. You say, "Brother Andrew, that's too hard." No, it's not. I have been led to believe this. My Bible says that as the heavens are higher than the earth. Amen. So are the ways higher than yours and my thoughts than your thoughts. Remember said God's original plan was for him to lead man. I'm sorry. I'm having to I'm having to skip over a whole section here. Amen. But I'll give you the summary of it. God was going to humanize the leadership of the spirit in his son. He said, "But the devil got ahead of him." Now, here's what he says in the church age book. He said, "Put the leadership of the Holy Ghost aside and the church is nothing but the world with God's name attached to it." If you put the Holy Ghost out of the church, it becomes nothing but the world with God's name attached to it. Here's what a prophet said. He said, "The spirit of God makes a difference." Hallelujah. Can I say there is a vast difference in a Christian and a Holy Ghost filled Christians. There is a vast difference in a church and a Holy Ghost fililled church. Somebody say, "Well, the Oh, God. Can I preach?" They say, "Well, they say things are going to get out of hand." And I I remember those days when they used to scare me with that homemade theology. I'm going to preach a whole sermon in a few days on homemade theology. I'm so sick of it. I don't know what to do. Amen. Guys try to put you in a little bubble and they Y'all know what I'm talking about, don't you? Amen. It's called homemade theology and can't nobody else make it cuz you're the one that made it. I was telling over at Jericho Tabernacle on Friday night, there was a brother out in Arkansas used to sing a song. Brother Brother Lawson tells a story. He used to sing a song. He was a good brother, but he would just get under inspiration and he'd start writing his own songs. And he wrote one. He wrote a song called Going to Lock That Devil Up. Going to lock that devil up. Going to lock that devil up and throw away the key. Going to lock that devil up. And brother brother told the story. He said, "But the hard thing was he'd always get to that one point and he would say,"Now everybody join in." He said, "Couldn't nobody join in? Cuz didn't nobody know the song?" He wrote the song. Now, now, can I just say this to you? That's why a lot of walls have come around our message is because guys have gotten homemade theologies that Brother Brandham never taught and they brought them to pull pits and they said, "Now, come on, everybody say it with me." But there's a problem. We're not reading the same sheet music. Listen, there's a reason why this message was not just flipped to ear to brother Brandham's buddies. There's a reason why there's 1,200 books and 1,200 tapes. So there would be a people in the last days who would be saying the same thing. Come. Is that okay? We would be saying the same thing. Somebody say, "Well, amen. Brother so and so said, "God bless brother so and so." But if it's against what a prophet said, you forsake what brother so and so said and you stand with a vindicated prophet of God. Homemade theologies, they work for a while, but then you lose your young people. Oh, God. And then you and then you got to start bringing psychology in to fix problems cuz it's homemade theologies. But if we bring the original formula back to the church, the Bible says they rebelled and vexed the Holy Spirit and he was turned to be their enemy and he fought against them. I love what Jesus says in in Matthew 12:31. He says, "Now wherefore I say unto you, all manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven unto men. But the blasphemy against the Holy Ghost, it shall not be forgiven unto man." Can I say something to you? There is a sin against the spirit. Look at this word blasphemy. It means impious and reproachful speech which is injurious to divine majesty. So Paul said, "Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying that it may minister grace to the hearers." I love this one. and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed until the day of redemption. Can I say something, saints? We better let the Holy Ghost bridle our tongues. Somebody say, "Well, Amen. I think we got too much shouting. I think we got too much singing. I think we got too much emotion. I don't think we have enough. I think we're too quiet. I think we're too loud. I think he's too short. I think he I think he's too tall. I think he moves too much. I think he sweats too much." Are you hearing me? Amen. Well, I don't think she ought to be screaming. I don't think he ought to be running. And I don't think he ought to be hard. And I tell you, I don't Y'all know what I'm talking about. Amen. Can I Can I tell you what Paul said? Paul said, "Quench not the spirit." Now, listen, folks. We made that about music long enough, but let's bring it back to some balance, okay? That word quench means of fire or things on fire. If this message is burdened in the soul of a daughter or son of God, I say give them some liberty to be what God called them to be. Somebody say, "Well, Amen. I don't think we ought to shout." I don't think Listen, folks. I just I preached that just come to me. Amen. Let the shoutters shout and let the singers sing. Let the runners run. Let the sinners sit. Let the criers cry. Let the singers sing and the preachers preach. Let the deacons be the deacons. Let the pastor be the pastor. Let the musicians be the musicians, but let's just take the restrictions off and let God be God and just get back to having church again. Remember when we just used to have church? Now you say, "Brother Andy, you're getting way out there. It quench not the fire. Quench not the divine influence." Can I say this? Whatever is influencing you is leading you. Do you remember brother said it in leadership? He brought it down and he said, "Here's my question. But now, who is leading you?" Y'all remember that. But now, who is leading you? He said, "See, we're all led by something." He said, "Now, we are today God's spiritual church." With, is this okay? Where the spiritual law, amen, written on the tables of our hearts and we are led in a spiritual form. He said, "Now, they had to look up to see where the pillar of power was." He said, "But we don't have to look today because there's something happens that we know he's here." Now, I'll say this, the pillar of fire, as the prophet said, it should put the whole move of God into action. In the token, he says Luther, Wesley, Finny, Knox, Calvin, they all knew there would come a time that the pillar of fire would return back to the church. Now listen folks, they had an expectation that the pillar of fire was going to return and humanized leadership was going to be set down. But listen what a prophet said. He said, "But they didn't live to see it, brother Israel. But they look forward to it." Oh God. In the sign is is this the sign of the end, sir? He says that's some of the mystery. See, amen. The pillar of fire returning back. That's the thing that's supposed to take place. Listen. And we see it. Come on, church. Do you realize that one expectation of one generation can be fulfilled in another generation? In other words, you tonight are getting the reward of Finn's expectation. You are getting the reward of Calvin's expectation. What those men were expecting to see, you are seeing in the middle of the house of God. Oh God, we see the pillar of fire. Now, I got to hurry here. Prophet of God said this. He said, "God either going to lead his church or the Holy Ghost is going to lead it." See, or man's going to lead it. And if you choose a man, we'll go ahead and God pulls his church right out and the pillar of fire moves on and the church moves with it. How many knows, brother Brandham said, that Pentecost was the last great move? You familiar with that quote? He said, "See, the Pentecostal revival is now ceasing. We see it everywhere. The last great move, the the message has went forth. The church is sealed away. The wicked are doing more wicked. Oh God, the churches are becoming more churchy, but the saints, I guess, brother George would hear, he'd say, "Amen, saints." Amen. But the saints are coming closer to God. Amen. Listen, what's happening is is Pentecost has become so staked down until they died. Brother said, "But here's a here's a prophetic announcement." He said, "Pentecost died and God let it die." You know why he said that? Because the shuck had to give forth a seed. He said, "See, but must come something that cannot be organized and die because organization spells death." He said, "So there's got to come forth a word of God that's outside of the realms of that denomination." Y'all, y'all remember when I said a little bit ago, people say some dumb things? Somebody said something to me not long ago. They said, "You know, y'all believe a lot of," and this was so supposedly a message believer. They said, 'You know, you y'all believe. And I said, 'Y'all, I thought y'all was one of us, but nonetheless, Amen. You believe some things. And he said, 'You know, you can't even hardly come up with five scriptures to back up what you believe. So, I'm riding down the road, brother Israel. And I just got to thank him. Now, here's just a few that I made up in about five minutes, riding down the road. Joshua chapter 1, Psalms chapter 1, Psalms 27, Daniel 11, Daniel 12, Hosea 6, Joel 2, Amos 3, Habac 2, Zechariah 4, Zechariah 14, Malachi 4, Matthew 17, Mark 11, Mark 16, Luke 17, John 12:14, 15:16, Acts 2, Acts 3, 2 Corinthians 3, 2 Corinthians 15, Colossians 1, 1 Thessalonians 4, Hebrews 13, Revelations 1:35, 1810, 13, 17, 18, 19, 21, 21 and 22. Let me say what a prophet said. He said, "The scripture today thoroughly identifies the move of God that's among the church." He said, "See, oh God, what's happening?" He said, "It's Luke 17:30. It's Malachi 4. And how many more scriptures? It would be endless." Come on, folks. It would be endless. I said, "Lord, where have I heard that word endless before?" Oh, that's right. In Hebrews chapter 7, there was a sermon called, "Who is this Melzdc?" You know what he said? He said Melzdc was of the power of an endless life. Man, glory to God. I feel like dancing in the house of God. If anybody's got a righteous shout is the bride of Jesus Christ. We are an undying breed of people who has received the power of God by the preaching of the message of the hour. Listen, I got to I got to say it or I'm going to bust. He said Melzdc became Jesus Christ, which you all know Melzdc returns to the church, what does he do? He comes to claim a body for a final move doors and door right up here in Flagstaff, Arizona 65. He said, "Now when we see him return in these last days, this great move of God moving across the nations of the world, what's he doing? He's gathering a people for the bride. Hallelujah. He is gathering a people for the bride. Come on, folks. I wouldn't know Israel Paul and he wouldn't know me. I wouldn't know Joe Puit. He wouldn't know me. I wouldn't know Brother Joe and he wouldn't know me. Amen. I wouldn't know Brother John. I wouldn't know you. But God sent a message. It was the return of Melzdc. He was claiming a body for a final move. Hallelujah. No wonder he stood on a platform and said, "We're entering another age. We're entering the rapturing age." You know what he said? He said, "The move is on for the bride." Hallelujah. The move is on for the bride. That is thus saith the Lord. Hallelujah. We got to move, folks. We got to move. We got to move. I know you all just moved buildings, but there's a greater move coming. I know you just moved sanctuaries, but there's a greater move coming. Brother Israel, one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9, we're going to move from one dimension into another. The move, the move is on for the bride. Hallelujah. That's not an emotion. That's not a sensation. That's a [Applause] revelation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Brother Re said it very beautiful. Come on folks. Let's not leave this back in ' 65. Let's not leave this back in 77. Let's not leave this back in the '9s or the early 2000s. Let's bring it right here, right now, tonight. The Holy Spirit has been bound by these denominational rivers for almost 2,000 years. But it is to be loosed in the evening time message. The Holy Spirit pack in the church again. It'll be Christ himself revealed in human flesh in the evening time. He said it. He promised it. Come on, folks. Do you believe a prophet? Do you believe a prophet? Then can I say what he said? He said, I challenge you to believe that Jesus Christ is revealed in the form of son of man in human flesh through the bride's body. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The son of God dispensation has ended. This is now Luke 17:30. The son of man has been revealed. Not just in a prophet. What is the attraction on the mountain? It's the changing from the prophecy unto the fulfillment. I'm sorry. I'm about to explode up here. It's real to my heart. You say, "What's wrong with you?" I'll tell you what's wrong with me. I've been ignited. I've been set on fire and I'm burning. I'm on fire with this message. Oh, I've got to skip over 100 quotes. Come back, he says, to this prophetic message. The son of man in the form of prophetic message returning back again in his church in prophecy revealing Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Let me let me bring this down. What is this restoration of the word? It's the restoring of the original word. Are you ready for this bride? Restoring the original word, which is the original headship. He said, "Now, like Israel of old, there was one God vindicated by a pillar of fire and revealed himself through a prophet to be the word." Somebody shout, "Original headship." Original headship. Are you ready for what original headship is? It is a prophet under the pillar of fire and he's vindicated by the word. Amen. Can I get that first picture I sent you all today? Amen. Can I get that first picture? Amen. Amen. I know it's here in the tabernacle. I say God bless you, brother Israel. Amen. But I'm going to have get a double portion tonight. Amen. Amen. If there's anything I get gotten after is over preaching about that picture, but I love it cuz I ain't ashamed of it. I ain't a hireling. I ain't a I ain't afraid to say that's more than a man. That's the pillar of fire. It's the endorphe. What God was in when he met Adam and Eve, when he met Paul on the road to Damascus, when he met Moses at the burning bush, that pillar of fire met a prophet and has restored the word to the church. Hallelujah. What are you saying? Let me say what a prophet said. Leave that there. He said, Jesus said, "All things are possible to them that believe." Are y'all ready for this? And if you can believe it, then whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Whatever God will lead your soul to believe, that is yours. Oh my. He said, "So the leadership of God is follow the vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Ghost." Amen. Can you see that picture right there? I got a question for you. Okay. Can you believe it? Can you believe it? Can you believe that? That is original headship returning to the church to lead us in the third exodus. Can you believe that? That's more than a preacher. That's more than a prophet. That's our Lord up there. Can I tell you what a prophet said? He said, "And I believe as I am led to believe." That is if the picture of the angel of the Lord who comes and does it is earning. Amen. Can I say this very beautiful? Amen. Just leave that for me for a second. In other words, we have been led to believe what we believe. Come on church. The Bible says the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. You know what it says here? Led to believe is actually a phrase. You know what it means? It means to be influenced to a certain belief because of something seen, something heard, or something read. Oh God, you say, "Well, you're just believing that because you've been led to believe it." And you are exactly right. I have seen the appearing of the Lord. I have read the seven seals. I have heard the tapes. And there is a fire on the inside of my soul. I feel like Jeremiah. It's shut up in my bones. Lord, brother Israel, this this is the one that just grabbed me. Okay. Led to believe is usually because of a conversation. Brother David, somebody had a conversation and they come to you and they relay that conversation to you. And what they're trying to do is they're trying to lead you to believe something by a conversation that they had. God, you say, "Where are you going with this?" Brother Bram said, "Don't try to push yourself. Just simply believe and what he tells me, I'll tell you. Speak to this mountain when he stands before me in that life that you see on that picture and reveals it every time perfect with the scripture through and through." That's the reason I know it's the angel of the Lord because he bears record of his word. And if that angel told me one thing that wasn't scriptural, I would not believe him. It has to be with the word first because God's word is eternal. Because an angel could come and preach something else. Paul said that wasn't right. But if it's the word of God, then the angel of God will verify that word every time to be the truth. If it's a true angel from the Lord, if it's something off color, then don't you listen to it. Are y'all ready for this? But if an angel comes and speaks and says exactly just what the word says, then that angel, glory to God, brother Joe, that angel is from God. Are y'all hearing me tonight? Now, can you give me that next picture? Amen. Amen. On that next picture there, Amen. I want y'all to see something. Y'all see that right there? Few days ago, I was preaching on this and and and and I forgot. I forgot my file of picture. So, I had to grab it real quick. And I grabbed it and I was looking at it, brother Israel. And I got to thinking, there's there's there's something missing that picture. So, I said, "Where in the world did I get that from?" And I went online and and God forgive me, Lord. I quickly grabbed it and when I traced it down where it come from, you know where it come from? It come from them bunch of repbates called Believe the Sign. And I don't apologize for that statement either. Amen. I'll say this. You know what they done, brother Israel? The the picture that was missing was them bunch of liars. Amen. Took and blotted out that boat of fishermen behind a prophet baptizing the 17th person on the Ohio River. You know why they done that? Because they want you to believe you're believing something that was hashed up out of some corner somewhere or some backwoods or something. But when the purifier come down and spoke to a prophet on the Ohio River, there was a bunch of fishermen having to sit there and watch a conversation take place between the angel of God and the seventh angel on the earth. And you all know what he said, don't you? As John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming of Christ, your message will forrun the second coming. You know what he said? He said, "And around the world it's gone seven times." He said, "And revival fires are burning on every hillside." Well, let me shout aloud tonight. The fire of this message is burning in Shalom Tabernacle. It's burning in the flesh of the bride of Jesus Christ. Man, look at this next one. Give me that next picture. I'm closing right here. I promise. But I'm feeling good. 1957, a prophet standing there preaching in Lakeport, California, preaching the word. unsearchable re I'll just say it preaching the unsearchable riches of Christ revealing to you things that was confounding theologians and which was troubling doctors of divinity and with a seventh grade education he stood there and began to reveal the mind of Christ. Now somebody say where in the world was all of his sermons coming from give me that next picture. Oh that's where it was coming from. Come on, folks. It was coming from the pillar of fire. Can I say this or I'm going to bust. God is with this message. God is with this message. And if you want the pillar of fire, just start saying what a prophet has already said and the pillar of fire will come in the church. You say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." Amen. I haven't lost my mind. The angel of the Lord accompanies this message always. God is not looking for somebody to figure it out. He's not looking for somebody to work it all out. He's just looking for somebody that's got enough guts to stand on a platform and say what a prophet has already said. I just going to preach preaching the other day right over here in Tucson at brother Doug Baker's church. Stand there preaching and I put that picture up and sister Jennifer Amen. He sent me a text. He said, "But Andrew, when you put that picture up," he said, "My wife watched the pillar of fire go from one end of the building across the platform." You say, "Why are you saying that?" Because God is still with this message. It ain't cooling off, folks. It's getting hotter. It's burning stronger. It's burning brighter. It's going to change our bodies. Can you give me that next picture? Oh, that's the one they hate. That's the one they wish they could just just just just just work out a formula and say it was a ship or a rocket ship or or a space shuttle. But let me say what a prophet said. He said that's my Lord up there said a man sitting right here present. Now leave that right there. Standing there by me when seven angels come down from God visibly standing by the right there and told me about the end time and these revelations and the things of the book of the revelation and seven seals and said return home and one by one will bring the message absolute. There stood seven angels standing there commission me to go back and to bring these messages and said one by one they would are y'all ready for this? they would meet me and tell what happened. And it did exactly that way. And when they ascended up on high, went 30 miles high in the air, and on the same day they took the picture of it, science did, and it went around the world. Brother Israel, I love this quote. It was a paradox, but it was an absolute. Woo! Glory to God. I'm going to kick it in high gear and preach my way right out of here. It was a paradox, but it's an absolute. Let me say this. We are not confused on seven seals. We are not confused on a third pull. We are not confused on water baptism. We are not confused on predestination. We are not confused on serpent seed. We are not confused on the mark of the beast. We are not confused on the seal of God. We are not confused on church order. We are not confused on the symbols of the book of revelation. There has been a sounding of the seventh angel. And he told us the conversation that he had with the author of the book. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody give him praise. [Music] I have been led to believe these things. Let me just let me just leave you with this. I'm I'm sorry, brother Israel. I've gone too long. Let me just say this and I'm done. Hallelujah. I wish I was out in the field right now. I'd cut up. Hallelujah. This is more than a church. This is more than a sermon. This is Jesus Christ revealed in the last days according to his word. I have been led. I have been led to believe these things. This ain't some imagination. This ain't some fleshly mind. I've been led to believe it. Now, now you you just tell me something. Okay. Right here in this picture. Amen. Here's our prophet and right above his head is the pillar of fire. Okay. Can y'all can y'all help me with something? What am I holding in my hand? A microphone. Where is the microphone? Is it above my head? Is it above my head? It's under my mouth. So, the pillar of fire believed that William Marian Brandom was God's mouthpiece for this age. So, he chose him to be a microphone. That's why he stood in the prayer lines and said, "I am a perfect mute until something speaks through me. How do I know what's going to happen?" He said, "But if he comes, oh God." Oh, but if he comes, let me ask you, who was the he? It was the spirit of truth who would lead you and guide you into all truth. But if he comes, he knows what has been. He knows what is, and he knows what will be. Well, everything I hear on those tapes was not the mind of William Brandham. It was the voice of the son of man. And he led me to believe that one of these mornings between 6:00 and 9, I'm going to have a body change. He led me to believe that missing limbs are going to be restored. He led me to believe that I am the justified, sinless, spotless bride. He led me to believe these things. He led me to believe that my name was put in the lamb's wick of life the same time Jesus's was. He led me to believe that my sins are in the sea of God's forgetfulness. He led me to believe, sis. He led me to believe that God is able to heal any disease. He led me to believe that not even cancer will stand in the way of the prayer of a son or daughter of God. He led me to believe that there was enough power in this bride to speak a world into existence and go live a private life on it. He led me to believe, sis, that you're more than a church member. You are an invincible army of Jesus Christ. He led me to believe we're not just preachers. We're messiahettes. He led me to believe that there's going to be a coming of the Lord and I'm going to be in it. I want you to stand on your feet and give God [Applause] praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have been led to believe these things. I have been led to believe. I have been led to believe that if I'll preach this message, creation power will back it up. I've been led to believe that, brother. I've been led to believe if I'll humble myself and say what a prophet said, then the power of God will come right in the meeting and do things that Andrew Glover knows nothing about. I've been led to believe, Brother Israel. I've been led to believe. I've been led to believe. I heard a conversation. I listen to it every day of my life. I listen to it on the way down here. I'll listen to it on the plane tonight. I'll listen to it when I get home. I'll go tell young people about it. Listen, you say, "Preacher, you lost your mind." Listen, you're looking at one con you're looking at one Tennessee country boy. Amen. That didn't have nothing. Somebody say, "Well, brother Andrew, you're you're a pretty loose cannon." You know what I am? I'm a dangerous person. You know why I'm dangerous? Cuz I don't have no reputation. I care about. And anybody that don't have a reputation, they don't care about anything. You know why? Because I was on my way to hell. But God in rich and mercy reached down and saved me. He saved this old piece of Tennessee dirt and filled me with the Holy Ghost and revealed the greatest message that ever hit the face of the earth. Listen, I give my life to this message. It's the truth. It's the truth. Come on. You say, "Brother Andrew, I'm this little nobody. Let me tell you something. Get under the message one time and you'll go from nobody to an influential believer. You say, "Can you prove that?" I can. Amen. The prophet of God said the woman at the well, he said she didn't have a voice. He said if the kids were playing in the streets, because of her reputation, they didn't even have to listen to her. But when she met the Messiah, oh God. Hallelujah. When she met the message of the hour, when she met the Messiah, she threw away the water bucket and she ran into the city and she said, "Come see a man who told me everything I ever done." Can I make an announcement to you? The same Messiah that was at Abraham's tent, that was at the woman at the well, is right here in this building tonight. The Messiah is his word. Let our musicians come tonight. I have been led to believe these things. I have been led to believe that barren wombs can bring forth children. I have been led to believe that cancers can disappear in the middle of services. I have been led to believe that suicidal demons that have plagued hearts and plagued minds can be defeated in the power of the Holy Ghost. Brother Lee, I have been led to believe that God can so fill a young man with the Holy Ghost that the devil doesn't even know what to do with him. I have been led to believe these things. I've been led to believe. Can I say something to you? Hatty Wright was led to believe. [Music] I may never get to speak to you again, but I'm having a shouting hallelujah time right now. Hatty Wright was led to believe these things. You say, "Why do you say that?" We could all die by morning, but I'll say this while I got a microphone to say it. The third pull is right here in this building tonight. The third pull is the opening of the word. It's creation power by the spoken word. Come on, folks. Had he writes sit there and she was led to believe by a conversation between the seventh angel and Charlie Cox that he could speak swirls into existence. Oh, I love what she said. And when she heard that conversation, she said, "That ain't nothing but the truth." It was a paradox, but it become an absolute tot. And by her being led to believe, she led her two boys to believe that God was a savior. It's real, folks. It's real. It's real. It's called the message of the hour. It's the uncarchable riches of Christ. It ministers grace to the hearers. Two or three years ago out at brother Edis in Cloverdale stand there preaching on Wednesday night. I looked out there preaching on that third pull, Brother Israel, and I said, "Listen," I said, "God didn't come down and find some squirrel guts and some squirrel blood and some squirrel DNA." And and y'all forgive me. I know I'm going along, but I'm enjoying this atmosphere. It's a bonafide message atmosphere and I love it. All right. You don't get it that often sometimes. But well, that's that's a sermon for another day. Stand there preaching. I said the Holy Ghost I said God didn't come down and say, "Abracadoo, Abracadoo, I make a squirrel out of you." I said, "Folks, there was nothing there. There was nothing there but a prophet took a hold of Mark 11. And he said, "If you say," and he spoke and seven squirrels come into existence. I said, "God didn't have nothing to work with." But seven squirrels come into existence. And I said that same God is right here in this building tonight. And when I said that, Brother Snow, I don't know you, you might have been there. I don't know. It's been a few years ago. When I said that, I watched the power of God come in that building. And I said, "Right here, right now, there may be something missing, but God is able in this atmosphere." The third pull is right here. He's able to do it for you. And when I said that, the next year I went back and Brother Murphy Wong, how many knows Brother Murphy? Brother Murphy Wong, he come to me, said, "But Andrew," he said, "Have you talked to my daughter yet?" I said, "No." He said, "Oh, I got to get you to her. You got to talk." We went over there and there was her husband. There was her. She said, "But Andrew, I was missing something in my body and I couldn't have a child." She said, "I've been to the doctors. The doctors told me they could perform a surgery and by that surgery, they could they could help me be able to conceive a child." She said, "But I was just believing God." She said, "Right there last year when you was preaching that," she said, "I thought, God, if you did it for squirrels, you can do it for my body." And she said, "I laid claim to that promise." And she said, "I went home and the next morning," she said, "I got up and I took a pregnancy test by faith." She said, "I didn't tell nobody." She said, "But last year, I came to winter camp with a positive pregnancy test." She said, "And this year we're holding the baby." Amen. I said, "Sis, when did you have the surgery?" She said, "Brother Andrew, I didn't have it." She said, "The creator put something in my body and I was able to bring forth a child." Are y'all hearing me tonight? That same God is right here. He's in this building tonight. You may you may be a young person and you may you may feel like God don't love you and the world's against you and you ain't got no future. But let me tell you tonight, I'll tell you what a prophet said. He come down the end of he cares, do you care? And he said, 'You may not care. He said, 'But he's here to create a care. I said, oh, dear God, wherever I preach this message, the creator can come right in there. And he can create a care in your heart. This is real, folks. We have been led to believe these things. Can I say this to you? I didn't have time to read you the quotes, but he said it very beautiful. He said, "They'll never persecute us, and they'll never cancel us out." He said, "The torch lights of freedom will burn till the coming of the Lord." Somebody say, "Brother Andrew, one day there's going to come a bride revival." Let me tell you what a prophet said. He said, "What Pentecost was looking for is happening right now." Pentecost was looking for something to happen. And he said, "It's happening right in front of you." Amen. You love him tonight. I wonder if we could play that. Only believe. Only believe. I I say it to you as plain as I know how. Folks, as long as you believe, as long as you believe, Abraham said, "Accumulate these promises in your heart." I love it. And what a believer has spoken, what a believer accumulates the promises of God, God is here to impute those promises unto you. Now, you know what he said? He said, "They shall lay hands on the sick." And he said, "They shall recover." You know what he said? He said, "They shall cast out devils in my name." Is that what he said? You know who that they is? [Music] I'm looking at they. they is you. I want you right now in brotherly conduct, Christian conduct, brother to brother, sister to sister, husband to wife, and godly order. I want you to lay your hand on someone next to you. I want you to join right now in faith. The word of God has been preached and the prophet of God said, "As the word is preached, the devil is cast out." We have preached this message tonight and the devil is cast out here tonight. Amen. The devil has been cast out here. The spirits of doubt and unbelief and confusion and and and and all those things the devil would love to restrict you with to preach in the word is cast that devil out. Now, right here in this building tonight, all things are possible to them that believe. Do you believe? Do you believe? Do you believe you're in position tonight for a miracle? Do you believe you're in position tonight for deliverance? Almighty God, all across this building, believers have laid their hands up on one another. Now, Lord, we stand here as sons and daughters of yours. Father, we stand here as sons and daughters who have been bought by the blood of Jesus. Father, we have been birthed by the birth of the word. And Lord, the devil's done everything he can to destroy the faith of this generation, to destroy the faith of these believers. But Lord, your prophet told us, "Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world." And Lord, as they lay their hands upon one another, fulfilling a promise of your word, we rebuke every devil of doubt. We rebuke every demon of unbelief. We come against every spirit of skepticism. We come against every critical devil. We come against every demon of fear, every complex Satan. We expose you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, every demon of perversion, every demon of Leoa that will try to arrest the lives of these young people and claim them for his own fulfillment. Satan, I adjure thee in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ come away from the children of God. And may the power of the Holy Ghost, the same anointing that filled the upper room, may it fill every believer here tonight. May it fill the fibers of every Holy Ghost filled child here tonight. Lord, may the shackles fall off. May the restrictions come off and may liberty return. May the power of the Holy Ghost, may it return without restriction. May the Holy Ghost be revealed right here in the human flesh of the bride. Lord, we ask you tonight, dear God. Lord, take us beyond homemade theologies. Lord, take us beyond restrictions. Oh God, take us beyond the fear of revelation. Lord, take us beyond the fear of the things that your prophet taught. Lord, put us in swimming waters tonight, Lord, that we may be able to swim in the promises of God. Lord, may every Holy Ghost fililled believer here tonight, may they receive a refreshing, Lord. Father, I claim it for this church. I claim it for this pastor. I claim it for this family. I claim it for this assembly. In the name of Jesus, may the dynamics of this word, may it burn with fire. May it burn with authority. May it burn out every feeling. May it burn out every unbelief. Oh God, burn. Holy Ghost, burn. Holy Ghost, burn in the pullpit, Lord. Burn in the pews. Oh father, may they go home tonight. May they dust off their Bibles. May they dust off the books. May they turn back on the tapes, Lord. May they let the logs of the wood of your word, may they be laid upon the fire tonight, oh God. May the holy fire of God, may it ignite something. May it ignite something in the heart of every believer here tonight, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, this is not a music revival, Lord. This is not a personality revival. This is not a flesher revival. Oh God, this is a word revival. It's a bride's revival. It's the sounding of the word in the hour we're living in. Let it burn in every heart. Oh God, let it burn. Let it burn unhindered. Lord, let the fire of the Holy Ghost burn in our young people. Let it burn in our elders. Lord, in Jesus name we pray. In Jesus name we pray. Jesus is here. Oh Jesus is here. God bless you, friends. We love you with the love of the Lord. He's here tonight. I want you to start worshiping him right now for your healing. I want you to start worshiping him right now for your miracle. You're in position for a miracle. Receive it tonight. Z is here. With Israel, would you come? God bless you, my friends. God bless you. We love you with the love of the Lord. All things are possible tonight. Jesus is here. I believe. Let's lift our hands and praise him. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. Amen. How may you enjoy the word of the Lord tonight? Oh my. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Oh my. Let's give him praise and thank him. We'll Amen. All things are possible. Only believe. Amen. as our sister prepares for water baptism. If if there's someone else that wants to be baptized, that wants to be saved, want to repent of your sins and be baptized tonight, the water is ready for you. The Lord is dealing with your heart. If you're like that tonight, um don't put it off. One more time, just go ahead and come forward and let the Holy Spirit just bring that blessing to you. Amen. Let's sing that song. We'll give the glory to Jesus. will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love and tell. Hallelujah. Will give all the glory to Jesus and love is wonder. Hallelujah. Oh, we give all glory to Jes worthy tonight and tell of his love and tell of his love. We will give all the glory to [Music] Jesus and of his wonder. Amen. Brother John, won't you come and just sing that one more time a couple more songs as we get our hearts ready and prepared to be baptized. Is there someone else that would like to be baptized? Repent of your sins and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Don't be ashamed. Now is the time. Now is the hour for you. Let's sing that one more time as they prepare. We'll give the glory to Jesus and will tell of his love. and we'll tell of his love. We will give the glory to [Music] Jesus and we'll tell of his wonderful love. [Music] Jesus breaks every fatter. Jesus breaks every fet. Jesus prays every f and he sets me free. Take it down the key of G. Jesus praise every fetter. Jesus breaks every fet. Jesus breaks every fet for he sets me free. I'll never doubt my savior. I will never doubt my savior. I will never doubt my savior. I will never doubt my savior for he cleanses me. Let's sing that verse. I'll rest on his promise. I will rest on his promise. I will rest on his promise. I will rest on his [Music] promise which is [Music] given me. I will give God the glory. I will give God the glory. I will give God the glory. For he [Music] set me free. One last time he breaks. Jesus breaks [Music] every Jesus break. [Music] Jesus [Music] breaks every fet or he sets me free. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. Sing it as you go out for the baptism. Oh heavenly father, I [Music] appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I bring you to you. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Yes, Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. me. You lead me. You guide me. Your dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Oh heavenly father, I appreciate appreciate you, heavenly father. I appreciate you. I love you, adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
