################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-08 - Wednesday Evening 05-07-25 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-08
Title:   Wednesday Evening 05-07-25
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1841aGd0YeA
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. made victorious through the blood. Let's stand. God bless you all. Let's stand and sing that one more time. Oh, we've been made more than coner over in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. God bless you all. Welcome to Wednesday night's service. Good to see you all. I'd like to read a scripture this evening. Ephesians number one verse 5. says, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praises of the glory of his grace, wherein we he hath made us accepted in the beloved." God bless you. Brother John, would you be able to open service with prayer, please? [Music] Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord, for your goodness and faithfulness to us. And Lord, the privilege that we have that we too often take for granted to be able to come into your house and worship you and have a place where we have the liberty to worship you in spirit and in truth. And and Lord, we just want to take full advantage of these opportunities. and we come together this evening, Lord, we appreciate the fellowship with our brothers and sisters, but we also, Lord, more importantly, and the reason we're here, Lord, is just to draw closer to you. And Lord, we just ask that you would speak to us tonight through your word. That you would just draw us closer to you. Show us, Lord, where the areas that we're falling short. And and Lord, I believe it's each of our desire this evening to draw closer to you. and and Lord, just help us to die out to ourselves and not hold on to anything that's unpleasing to you. Ask you forgive us, Lord, for our shortcomings. And uh Lord, we just commit this service into your hands and ask that your perfect will would be done. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother John. We'd like to welcome you all once again to Shalom Tabernacle and those streaming from home as well. Do you love him? Let's sing about him. The man from [Applause] Galilee. In a manger long ago, I know it's really so, a babe was born to save men from their sin. John saw him on the shore. the lamb forever more. Oh, the Christ the crucified of Calvary. Oh, I love that man from Galilee. For he's done so very much for me. He's forgiven of all my sins. Placed the Holy Ghost within. Oh, I love I love that man from Galilee. The publican went to pray in the temple there. One day he cried, "Oh Lord, be merciful to me and forgiven of every sin and a deep peace placed within." He said, "Come see this man from Galilee." Oh, I love that man from Galilee. For he's done so very much for me. He's forgiven of all my sins. Placed the Holy Ghost within. Oh, I love I love that man from Galilee. Oh, the claim was made to walk. The dumb was made to talk. The power was spoken with love upon the sea. The blind was made to see. I know it could only be that mercy of that man from let's sing that other verse, the fourth verse. Oh, Nicodemus came by night to know the way of right. He asked the son of God, "What must he do?" For he said to him, "He must be born again by the spirit of that man from Galilee." Oh, I love that man from Galilee. He's done so very much for me. He's forgiven of every sin. Place the Holy Ghost with it. Oh, I love I love that man from Oh, I love Oh, I love I love that man from Galilee. For he's done so very much for me. He's forgiven of every sin. Blaz the Holy Ghost within. Oh, I love I love the man from [Music] Galilee. Amen. Just the key of Eflat. Sister, you all may be seated. Make yourself comfortable. He's here. He can He He promised he'll be here with amongst two or three gathered in his name, Jesus' name. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. Oh, no more in night. And now I'm so happy. No sorrow in sight. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I wondered blameless life filled with sin. I wouldn't let my deceive in. And then Jesus came like a stranger in the night. Praise the Lord. But I saw the light. I saw the light. I saw the light. No more in darkness. No more in night. I'm so happy. No sorrow in sight. It's a prayer meeting. Did he touch you when you prayed? Oh, while I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. While I was praying, somebody touched me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touch me. It must have been the hand of the Lord. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touched me. Glory. Glory. Glory. Somebody touched me. Glory, glory, glory. Somebody touched me. It must have been the hand. I'll fly away. Oh, some glad morning. When this life is over, I will fly away. Oh, to a lamb. Not to last your shore. I'll fly away. Oh, I fly away. Oh, glory. I will fly away in the morning when I fly. Hallelujah. By and [Music] by. Oh, fly. Let's put your hands together. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the main line now. Oh, tell them what you want. Tell them, tell them what you want. Oh, call them up. Call them up. Tell them what you want. Call them up. Call them up. Tell them what you want. Jesus song. If you're sick tonight, he can touch you. If you want a healing touch, tell them what you want. Oh. If you want a healing touch, tell them what you want. If you want a healing touch, tell them what you want. Jesus on the main line. Oh, call him up. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, call him up. Somebody touch me. Oh, Jesus on the main line now. Oh, Jesus on the main Jesus on the main line now. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. says, "Love lifted me." Love lifted me when nothing else could help love. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh love lifted me. Oh love lifted me. When nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, I was sinking deep in. You remember those days? Far from the peaceful shore. [Music] very deeply stained within, sinking to rise no more. But the [Music] master of the sea heard my desparing cry. Oh from the waters. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Oh save am I. Oh love lifted me. Oh, love lifted me. Oh, when nothing else could help. Oh, love lifted me. Oh love lifted me. Oh love lifted me. Home when nothing else could have. Love lifted me. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Shall we all stand? Sing that about that cross, the old rugged cross. On a hill far away stood an old rugged cross, the emblem of suffering and shame. And I love that old cross. The tear rest and best for a world of loss sers was slain. Oh, so I'll cherish the old rugged cross. Oh, till my throne face at last I lay down. I will cling to the old rugged cross and exchange it someday for a crown. Oh, that old rugged cross. Bless your [Music] brother and wondous attraction for me. Amen. For the dear lamb of God left his glory above to bear to dark [Applause] calary. Hallelujah. Let's lift our hands. Oh, I'll cherish. Oh, rugged cross. Oh, rugged cross. Till my troll fees at last I lay down. Glory cling old rug cross. Amen. And exchange it someday for one more time. So I'll cherish So I'll cherish. Oh, so I'll cherish the old rug again. and [Music] growies at last I lay [Music] down. I will cling to the old rocket cross and exchange it someday for crown. Amen. How many can say praise the Lord. Praise your name, Lord. Amen. Ephesians chapter 1. We like to turn there. We're going to be starting the adoption series and I know that'll be a blessing to you. We'll listen to a portion of that to paragraph I believe I gave it in the back there. You all got that note right? Good. Thank you. And uh about 45 minutes or so. These are the messages that actually place the believer and give us a solid stand in the word of God. Amen. So when you get that uh scripture you can say amen. Ephesians chapter 1 verse number three. Blessed be the Lord God of our father, the Lord Jesus Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ, according as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved, and whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he us will according that in the [Music] disposition heaven earth also we have and inheritance being [Music] perfect. Thank you. Verse 11. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance. Someone say inheritance. Inheritance. being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will that we should be um that we should be to the praise of his glory who first trusted in Christ. And so as we prepare to listen to this message um the adoption series as we start that let's sing only believe. Amen. Aren't you happy to be here tonight? Amen. This is a format that it comes in. If you can if you don't have that, we can get a copy. I think most people have this. We've done this before and I know it'll be a blessing to you again. Only [Music] believe. Only believe that all things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe all things are possible only. Let's lift our hands and say, "Lord, I believe." A confession. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible Lord I bless you may be seated brother Brandham you feel good well it's always as I've said before I was happy when this said unto Let us go into the house of the Lord. I believe David made that statement once. Let us go into the house of the Lord. I don't know any better place to be to you than in the house of the Lord. Amen. Now, tonight we are got some friends here that's all the way from Georgia and they'll probably be driving down after after the lunch tonight. And then we will some of them from way down. I hope you stay over and what rooms we got is open to you. And then Wednesday night we'll continue on on the study and then the Lord willing next Sunday again and then Shitakqua begins on the 6. So all that's got your vacations planned, we're expecting a great wonderful time. Amen. At the Shiakqua, there's where we always have such a marvelous time. Not too big a crowds. We run sometimes it'll hold up to about I suppose we could put 10,000 in it easy. But usually last year I think we had around about 7,000 something like that was a packed out place. But there's plenty of room to stand and seats that they could run all the way out. And uh so we are looking forward to that and glad to see many of our minister brothers and uh can't ever think of his name here. Missionary brother Humes and sister Humes is that you sitting right here? The little ones we're glad to have. I am a missionary and other ones brother Pat Dalton and all just so many. Brother Beer and seen brother Collins just a few moments ago and oh it' be kind of hard to call them all but we are very happy to have you in the house of the Lord tonight. This great precious brother Neville sitting behind me here to pray with me while we are going to teach the word. Charlie, glad to see you and sister Nelly here tonight, the little ones. This is and Bible teaching is usually a very Yes, brother Welch. I just was looking for you. I see you sitting back there now. Bible teaching is usually a little treacherous, a little, you know, kind of walking out on the thin ice we call it. But we just feel that maybe at this point and at this time it might be good to kind of bring the the church to what I think to a a complete uh understanding positionally of what we are in Christ Jesus. Amen. And sometimes I think that preaching is a wonderful thing. But I believe sometimes, brother Beer, that teaching goes beyond that. Amen. It kindly especially to the church. Now preaching usually catches the sinner, brings him under condemnation by the word, but teaching places the man positionally what he is. And we can never rightly be able to have faith until positionally we know what we are. Amen. Now, if the United States of this fair land here sent me over to Russia as an ambassador of this nation to Russia, then if they have officially sent me to Russia, all the power that the United States has is behind me. My word is just the same as the United States. If I have been recognized as an ambassador. Amen. And then if God has sent us to be his ambassadors, all the power that's in heaven, all that God is, all of his angels and all of his power stands behind our words. Amen. If we are correctly and ordained sent messengers to the people, God has to honor the word. For he has so solemnly written that whatever you bind on earth, that will I bind in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth, that will I loose in heaven. I give unto thee the keys to the kingdom. All such great promises he's given the church. And I am after the other day of many of you I suppose are here this morning to hear as I tried to in my humble simple way to explain the the vision that I saw of heaven. I would by no means ever try to doubt anything that anyone ever told me that God told them. I believe it even if I didn't see it in the scripture, I would still uh want to believe that brother's word. Uh, I might just stay right along with the Bible, but still I would believe that maybe brother had just misunderstood in it some way that he might have just got it mixed up a little. And still I would believe he he to be my brother. And if there's anything that burns within my heart and I hope it never leaves in my years to come that I'll never forget what happened last Sunday morning as a week. Amen. It has done something to me that's revolutionized my life. I I do not fear. I I have not one fear of death. Death has no fear at all. And it doesn't for you if you just understood. Now maybe if you'd have to have the experience to know it because there's no way to explain it, you cannot find words because it doesn't lay in the English uh dictionary or no other dictionary because it's in an eternity. No yesterday, no tomorrow. It's all present tense. And it's no uh I feel pretty good and an hour from now I don't feel so well and another hour I feel good again. It's present tense all the time. Never a cease. Just that glorious peace something and there can be no sin. There could be no jealousy. There could be no sickness there. There could be nothing ever reach that heavenly shore. Thank you, Lord. And if I may have the privilege of saying this, which maybe I do not, if I do not, then I pray God forgive me. But if I have the privilege, and it was that God let me be caught up to see something, I would refer to the first heavens. And then I believe one in the Bible by the name I believe it was Paul that was caught up into the third heavens. And if it was this glorious in the first heavens what does that third heavens hold? No wonder he couldn't speak of it for 14 years. He said he did not know whether he was in body or out of body. with that great apostle, not to share his his his office or not to try to make ourselves anything like he was. But I can say with him, I don't know whether it was in this body or out of the body. Only thing it would just as real as I'm looking at you and I've always wondered about if I'd passed by I'd see a little cloud floating by a spirit and say there goes brother and sister that's Charlie and Nelly that's brother and sister Spencer going there that always puzzle me if my eyes is in the grave a decay rottening. If my ears is not here to hear anymore, and if my blood is all gone back and they've been bombed it and it's in the waters or in the ground and my mental faculties, my brain cells are all gone. Then how would I be any more than just a spirit floating around? that wearied me. How would I like to say hello, brother Pat? Oh, so glad to see you. Hello, brother Neville. How would like to see you? But I thought, well, if I don't have anything to see with, any mouth to speak with, it's rotten. It's dust. How would I be able to say, "Hello, brother Pat. Hello, brother Neville." Or so forth. Hi, Charlie. But now I know that that's wrong. For it is written in the scriptures which I say it's not contrary. For if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. Another tabernacle that has eyes, ears, lips, mental faculties. If this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, it has a body that I can feel, can talk. And now it comes to me just now that Moses had been dead and in an in unmarked grave for 800 years. And Elisha had went to heaven 500 years before. But on Mount Transfiguration, they were found talking with Jesus. Hallelujah. After Samuel had been dead for at least three to five years, and the witch of Endor called him up, and she fell on her face, and she said, "You have deceived me because you are Saul yourself." She said, "Because I see gods." She was a heathen, you see, "I see gods rising up." And Saul couldn't see him yet. And he said, "What does he look like? Describe him to me." Said, "He's thin and he has a mantel over his shoulder." Said, "That's Samuel the prophet." Hallelujah. Bring him here before me. And I want you to notice that Samuel had not lost any of his personality. He was still a prophet. He told Saul exactly what would happen the next day. So you see, death does not completely diminish us as we weep and whail and lament at the grave. It only changes our dwelling place. It takes us from a place to what is age? If I live one more hour, I'll outlive a many 16y old person. I'll outlive a many five-year-old person. Age is nothing. We're just set here for a purpose to do something. Well, now many of these little prettfaced mothers sitting here, some of them 60 or 70 years old, would say, "Oh, what have I done, Brother Brandham?" You've raised your children. You've done what you were supposed to do. Maybe some old dad sitting here said, "Well, I've hard the fields. I've done this. I never preach." But you did just what God sent for you to do. There's a place for you. Amen. Speaking to an old doctor yesterday, one of my doctor friends buddies, 80s something years old and his sister-in-law is here at the church tonight and she's been just a tingle teeny bit worried about him. And I went to see him. And as soon as I began to talk to him, he brightened up. Told me about a hunting trip he taken many years ago up in Colorado, the very same country I hunt at. Just as brilliant and bright. And I said, "Doctor, how long you been practicing?" He said, "When you were nursing." And way down. I said, "A many a time." He said, "I've practiced taking my buggy. I put my saddle bags over my horse. I've tucked the little satchel and I've walked and I said, "Yes, down along the creek banks 2:00 in the morning with your flashlight trying to find the house where her little child had the tummy ache or mother and labor pains." So, that's right. And I said, you know, doctor, I believe across this dividing line here between mortal and immortality. God has a place for good old doctors. It's served like that. Great tears come in his eyes and he started crying. He reached up his feeble hands and said, "Brother, I hope so." Across the land, God judges a man's soul, what he is. Then I give him this satisfying scripture. Many times pling through those dark muddy fields at night trying to help somebody. Maybe never get a penny for it, but it's all right. I said Jesus said in the scripture, "Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy." And that is true. And tonight we want to set the church in these three lessons if God permits how and what to look to what we are. We're going to begin at the first chapter of the book of Paul's letter to Ephesus. And we're going to take the three first chapters in our next three studies. trying to get a chapter a evening if we can tonight, Wednesday, and next Sunday morning. Ephesians, the first chapter. Now, as we study together, I'd like to say this, that this book of Ephesians perfectly parallels the Old Testament Joshua. Ephesians, the book of Ephesians. Now, remember, if we happen to get just a little off to your teaching, just forgive us and bear with us a while. Before we open it, let's ask him to help us as we bow our heads. Lord, we are approaching thy holy and sacred rit which it is more secure than all the heavens and earth. Are we reading this word called the Bible that both heaven and earth will pass away but my word shall never fail. that upon this solemn hour that I come to this pull pit tonight before the purchase of your blood, these precious darling mortals that set here tonight, grasping for every little hope that they can to hold on for that life that is to come. May it be so sufficient tonight that every believer here will see his position and everyone who has not yet come into this great fellowship will press the kingdom Lord and knock at the door until the keeper opens the door. Granted, Lord, we are reading in here where this Bible is of no private interpretation. God forbid that I, your servant, or any other servant would ever try to put their own interpretation to the word. Let us just read it and believe it the way it is written. And especially we shepherds of the flocks, we pastures who someday will gather y in that glorious land with the little flocks. And we'll stand in the presence of the Lord Jesus. And we'll see that generation come up of Paul and of Peter and of Luke and Mark and Matthew and all them. and see them judged there with their groups. God grant that I can lay 10 million trophies at your feet while I humbly crawl up and lay my hands upon your precious feet and say, "Lord, they are yours. Oh God, fill us freshly with thy spirit and with thy love and thy goodness. And may we, as the poet has expressed in the song many years ago, dear dying lamb, thy precious blood shall never lose its power until all the ransom church of God be saved to sin no more. And ever since by faith I saw that stream, thy flowing wound supplied. Redeeming love has been my theme and shall be till I die. Then in a nobler, sweeter song, he goes on to say, "I'll sing thy power to save." When this poor liispering, stammering tongue lies silent in the grave, then the grave does not hold any death for your children. It's only a resting place or a hiding place for this corruption will put on incorruption. May we tonight see this Lord plainly as it is given to us in the word. Give us understanding and place us, Lord, at our post of duty that we might serve faithfully until you come. We ask this in Jesus' name and for his sake. Amen. Now, the book of Ephesians, as I was just saying, I to my opinion is one of the greatest books of the New Testament. It leaves us on where Calvinism runs out on one limb and Armenianism runs out on the other limb. But the book of Ephesians draws it together and positionally places the church. Now I typed it with Joshua. If you notice, Israel was brought up out of Egypt and there's three stages of their journey. One stage was leaving Egypt. The next stage was the wilderness and the next stage was Canaan. Now, Canaan does not represent the age of the millennium. It only represents the age of the overcomer, the dispensation of overcoming. Because in Canaan, they killed and burnt and tuck cities and there will be no death in the millennium. But another thing that it does, it brings up justification by faith after they believed in Moses and left Egypt. Sanctification through following under the pillar of fire and the atonement of the sacrificial lamb in the wilderness. And then entering into a land that had been promised. Now what is the land promised to the New Testament believer? The promise is the Holy Spirit. For it shall come to pass in the last days, Joel 2:28, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh. Your sons and your daughters shall prophesy upon my handsmaids and my maid servants will I pour out of my spirit and they shall prophesy. I'll show wonders in the heavens above and in the earth, pillars of fire and smoke and vapor. And Peter said on the day of Pentecost after taking his text and preaching, repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission. Yes. To remit, to forgive, to take away all back. trespasses. Did you notice Joshua before they crossed Jordan, Joshua said, "Go through the midst of the camp and clean your clothes and sanctify every one of you and let no man come at his wife. For within three days you'll see the glory of God." See it is a it is a process of getting ready to inherit the promise. Now the promise to Israel was God gave Abraham the promise of the land of Palestine and it was to be their possession forever and there was to always remain in this land. Now they come three stages coming to this promised land. Now watch it's perfectly typed in the New Testament. Now this is I've said disagrees with some of the thinking of yours. Some of you precious Nazarene people, church of God and so forth. Don't let it hurt but just watch it closely and watch the types. Watch and see if every place don't hit just perfect. There was three stages of the journey. And there's three stages of this journey. For we are justified by faith, believing on the Lord Jesus Christ, forsaking the land of Egypt, come out and then are sanctified through the offering of his blood, washed from our sins, and become pilgrims and souljourers. claiming that we are seeking a land, a city that's coming are a promise. So did Israel in the wilderness. Souljourers no place to rest. Traveling not at night, following the pillar afar, but finally come to the promised land where they settle down. That's where the believer comes. He comes first to recognition that he's a sinner. Then he is separated by the waters, the washing of the water by the blood and are the washing of the water by the word rather believing on the Lord Jesus Christ. Then being justified by faith, he becomes a partaker and a peace with God through Christ, baptized into the name of Jesus Christ to omit him into the journey. You get it? Into the journey. Then he becomes a souljourer and a pilgrim. He's on his journey to what? a promise that God made. Amen. Amen. Israel had not yet received the promise but they were on their journey and without raising please do understand that's where you the Nazarene and pilgrim holiness and so forth fell because Israel when they come to the spot of Kadesh Barnea when the spies went over and said the land is great But some of them come back and said, "We can't take it because the cities are walled up and so forth." But Joshua and Caleb stood out and said, "We're more than able to take it." Because of their already signed up, documented statements. They believed in two works of grace, justification, and sanctification, and could not move any further. And listen, that whole generation perished in the wilderness. But two that went over into the promised land and brought back the evidence that it was a goodly land and we were more than able to take it because it was God's promise. Then instead of the people going on receiving the Holy Spirit, speaking with tongues, receiving the power of God, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, signs, wonders, miracles, they felt that it would break down their tradition of doctrine. And what happened to it? Perished in the land. That's right. But the believers, the Caleb and Joshua outfit that was going on to the promise, they moved on over into the land and took the land and settled down in the land as a possession. And we never stop at justification, sanctification. Let's go on to the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Let's not stop at a believing on the Lord Jesus, being baptized. Let's not stop because he cleaned us up from a life of sin. But now we pressed on into a position to a promise of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. For Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to them it's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." So Ephesus here sets us like Joshua positioning. You notice Joshua after crossing over the land and taking the land then he divided the land. Ephraim here, Manasses here and this one here, Gad here, Benjamin here. He divided the land. And notice, oh, this just burns our hearts. Each one of those Hebrew mothers giving birth to those children. She spoke the very place in her labor pains where they would be positioned in the promised land. Oh, it's a great study. We could only go into it in details which would take hours after hours. Someday when we get our church fixed, I just like to come and take a solid month or two. Amen. Just stay right in it. Watch when they each one of those mothers when she called out Ephraim when she was in labor positionally placed him where his feet was sitting in a just exactly every one of them wherever they were at. And Joshua not knowing this, but by inspiration led of the Holy Spirit after being into the promised land give each man his promise exactly what the Holy Spirit promised through the birth back there. How that God has set some in the church through the labor pains. Oh, they get tremendous sometime when a church is groaning under the persecution of the outside world believing on the Lord Jesus that the promise of the Holy Ghost is just as real to us as it was to Pentecost. How they groan and cry or labor pains. But when they are born and positionally born into the kingdom of God, then the Holy Ghost has set in the church some apostles. So the church is now this is my purpose of doing this. The church is always trying to take somebody else's corner, but don't do that. You can never raise corn in Ephraim's corner if you're a Manasses. You've got to take your place in Christ. Positionally take it. Oh, it gets deep and rich when we get in here. How that God puts one in the church to speak with tongues, another Now, we have been taught many times we all have to speak with tongues. That's wrong. We all got to do it. No, we don't. They all didn't do one thing. Each one was each lamb was provided and divied up by inspiration. And each one I could take the scriptures and show to you exactly that he put them in the place where they were supposed to be. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Positionally, how that the two half tribes is to stay across the river. How that their mothers cried that in their birth. and how that each place was supposed to be. And now after you're in, that don't mean that you're out free from war. You still have to fight for every inch of ground you stand on. So see, Canaan did not represent the great heaven because it's war and troubles and killings and fightings and so forth. But it did represent this that it must be a perfect walk. That's where the church is failing today. Lord, on that walk, do you know that even your own behavior can knock somebody else out of getting healed? Your misbehavior of unconfessed sins of you believers can cause this church to bitterly fail. And at the day of the judgment, you'll be responsible for every bit of it. Or you say, "Now wait a minute, brother Brandon." Well, that's the truth. Think of it. Joshua after he crossed over into the land, God gave him the promise that just think to fight a entire campaign without losing a man, without having to have a nurse or a first aid or a band. God said, "The land's yours. Go fight." Think of fighting a campaign and there's no Red Cross around at all. There's nobody going to get hurt. And they slay the Amorites and the Hittites, but there wasn't one herd among any of them until sin come in the camp. And when Achen took that Babylonian garment and that gold wedge and hid it under his camp, then the next day they lost 16 men. Joshua said, "Stop. Stop. Wait a minute. There's something wrong. Something's wrong. Yeah, we're going to call seven days of fast. God made us a promise. There would be nothing hurt us. Our enemies will fall at our feet." And there's something wrong here. Something went wrong somewhere cuz we got 16 dead men laying here. They're Israelite brothers and they're dead. Why did they die? Innocent man. Because one man stepped out of the line. You see reason this needs to be taught? Amen. The church lining up lining up with the word of God. Amen. lining up with God, lining up with each other. Amen. Walking perfectly upright, soberly before all man fearing God. Because one man stole a garment and done something that he should not done took the life of 16 men. I think it was 16, maybe more. I believe it was 16 men that was dead. Joshua called said, "There's something wrong. God made the promise and something's wrong. We bring the sick up before us and they failed to be healed. We need to call a solemn fast. Call an assembly. Something's wrong somewhere. God made the promise. God's got to stick to that promise and he will do it. Amen. And he called a fast and they found out the castle lots and Achen confessed it and they killed Achen family and all and burnt their ashes and left it there for memorial and Joshua went right on through the battles taking everything without a scratch or wound. There you are. One day he had needed a little time, extra time. The sun was going down. The man couldn't fight very good at nighttime. Joshua, that great warrior anointed of God, positionally placed into the land like Ephesians to the new church, possess possessed the possessing the land, taking it over. He needed some time. So he said, "Son, stand still." And she stood still for about 12 hours until he took the land. See now the book of Ephesians place us positionally in Christ what they was in the holy land. We are placed not in the holy land but in the holy ghost. Amen. Now let us read just a word. See how perfect the church is. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God. Oh, I like that. Yes. God made him an apostle. No elders laid hands on him. No bishop sent him anywhere. But God called him and made him an apostle. Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the will of God to the saints, sanctified ones, which are at Ephesus and to the faithful in Jesus Christ. Watch how he addresses this. This is not to the unbelievers. This is to the church. Amen. It's called to the called out ones, the sanctified and called ones that are in Christ Jesus. Now, if you want to know how we get in Christ Jesus, if you'll turn to 1 Corinthians 12, it said, "For by one spirit." Yes. Are we all baptized into one body? How? Baptized by what? The Holy Ghost. Not by water baptism, you church of Christ people, but by one capital S P I R I T. By one spirit. Not by one handshake, by one letter, not by one sprinkle, but by one spirit. Amen. We are all baptized into one body. Our possession, the land that God give us to live in the Holy Ghost. Just as he give Canaan to the Jews, he's give us the Holy Spirit by one spirit. Are we all baptized into one body? Amen. You get it? Amen. Now he's talking to the spiritual Canaanites. Amen. Israel, the spiritual Israel who has possessed the land. Oh, aren't you glad you come out of Egypt's garlic? Aren't you glad you're out of the wilderness? And remember, they had to eat mana, angels, food out of heaven until they crossed over into the land. And when they crossed over into the land, the mana cease to fall. They were fully matured then and they eat the old corn of the land. Amen. Now, now that you're not babies anymore, now that you're not desiring the censor milk of the gospel, that you don't have to be babyed and patted and persuaded to come to church, now that you're real fully matured Christians, you're ready to eat strong meats now. Amen. You're ready to come into something. He said, "You're ready to understand something that's deep and rich." Oh, we'll get into the hidden sense of foundation of the world. Praise God. He said, "Now that you've come into this, I'm addressing this to you. Not to those who've just left Egypt, not to those who are still in the journey, but to those who are in the promised land. That has received the promise. How many's received the promise of the Holy Ghost? Aren't you glad that you're in the land over here now eating the old corn eating the strong things of God. Got a clear understanding. Your your spiritual mind is all unmuddled up. You know exactly who he is. You know exactly what he is. You know exactly where you're going. You know exactly all about it. You know in whom you have believed and persuaded he's able to keep that which you've committed to him against the day. Oh, that's the one. That's who Paul's talking to. Now listen close now. Watch. The faithful in Christ Jesus. Amen. Aren't you glad to be the faithful in Christ Jesus? Amen. Strong meats. Amen. God help us. Um let's stand to our feet. We don't have any written prayer requests, but if there's anyone that has a request tonight would like to make that known, we can reach. Yes. Sister Heather, she went through her surgery. Well, Sister An. All right. Wonderful. Let's say praise the Lord for that and we'll pray for her recovery or complete recovery. Was there someone else had a request tonight? Yes. Okay. Good. We'll pray for Sister Abigail's coworker there. Um, I know there's others that need a touch in their body. Continue to pray for Sister Lori, her recovery. I think it's over. I forget what Randy says. 28 hours of accumulated surgeries. That's how much her body's been under. We're just praying that the Lord will recover her completely. Amen. Brother Joe. Christina and Anna. All right, we'll pray for them. The Lord will bless them and as their graduation is coming up, God will be with them. Was there any other requests here tonight? All right. Well, praise the Lord. Let us sing that song. Let's see here. As we go begin to go down on our knees to pray, let's sing that song. Grace, grace, God's grace, greater. Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt. on Calary's mount. There where the blood of the lamb was spilled. Grace, grace. [Music] God's grace. Grace that will pardon and cleanse within. [Music] Great. Grace, God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sin. Sin and despair like the sea waves cold threats and the soul with infinite love. Grace that is greater. His grace contour points to the refuge. the mighty cross. Grace, grace, God's grace, grace that will pardon and cleanse. Hallelujah. Praise. [Music] Grace, God. Grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. Dark is the stain that we can not hide. What can avail to wash it away? Look, there is flowing a crimson tide, wider than snow you can breathe. Let's take the last verse. marvelous infinite matchless grace. It's freely bestowed on all who believe. You that are longing to see his face. Will you this moment his grace receive grace grace God's hallelujah. Amen. Praise the heart. Cleanse within. Grace, grace, God. Grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. Also, I failed to mention brother uh Roland McGraw and sister Denell, his wife, and their son. They all need special prayer as he's getting aged and she's been his careaker, and she's broken down in her body as well. So, remember the McGraz prayer. Amen. So, you can pray at the altar, pray at your seat. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's stand and sing. Who I am, Lord, who I am. It's a revelation. Who I am. Just before we go. Amen. [Music] Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and made my heart. His very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live. Now I live to praise his name. Who I am. Who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now who I am. A part of my Savior. A part of his world. It's a [Music] revelation. It's predestination of who I am. On Calvary died to redeem his lost bride, the King of Kings. Yes. became my savior. This great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I, Christ and I might be made one. Glory. Oh, who I am, Lord. who I am. I can see now just who I am. A part of a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. I can see now just who I am. [Music] Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. Yes, it's predestination of who? Shake somebody's hand and tell them who I am. Who? Brother Andy, you come and dismiss us in a word of prayer. Oh, I can see now just who I am. Part of my savior. Yes, I'm a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination. A revelation. It's a revelation. [Music] this [Music] predestination of who I am. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. God bless you. God bless you church. It's a privilege to come to church and u remember we are living in the end time. So if you look at the news, you hear Pakistan and India, two atomic powers are are in at war right now. So it's later than we think. So it's a time to get closer to him and uh closer in the word of God because he says like send us a message of deliverance. So everything is in place. He says like the bands have already played up. Everything is in tune. So there will be a coming time pretty soon. Let's bow it. Heavenly Father, we thank you God. We are living in this end time. You are the way. You are You said I am the truth, the light, the way. You are the door. You are our shepherd. Heavenly Father, in this end time, a time of distress among nations, heavenly father, earthquake in diverse places, heavenly father, help us not to be, oh God, uh not to put our hands, our heads in the sand, heavenly father, but help us to look up, heavenly father, because our redemption is drawing nigh. Oh God, we for forgive our sins, our trespasses, our unbelief. Heavenly Father, all those all those things that Satan send in our way, God, to take our attention away from you, I pray you deliver us, Lord Jesus Christ, from all the distractions of the world, heavenly father, because it's later than we think, God. Oh, heavenly father, there's signs. You have sent signs, dear God, on earth, in heaven. Heavenly Father, diverse signs and wonders, diverse miracles, heavenly father, you have done in this end time. Lord Jesus Christ, help us not to be God. Oh, like uh that child, Lord Jesus Christ, that the mother have uh shaken all those things that will attract the attention of a child in the a in a in his age, but that didn't attract his attention. I pray heavenly father help us to rise up and shake off ourselves Lord Jesus Christ because it's later than we think. We thank you for brother Israel Lord Jesus Christ. Oh for bringing uh your word the message Lord Jesus Christ. Oh to so that we can hear it and be ready God because you have sent your message so that we can make ourselves ready God. There's no excuse, heavenly father. There's no excuse, dear God, for unbelief. Heavenly Father, deliver us from all unbelief. God, bless your name, Lord Jesus. May we continue in truth. Bless our pastor, bless uh our deacons, bless all the officers of the church, the musicians, every one of us. Dear God, help us to be one accord in one mind. And heavenly father, oh that's how the holy ghost come. Heavenly father, oh you come and direct our lives, Lord Jesus Christ, I pray you help us in every problems that we may we are facing in this time. Oh I pray you heal the sick. Lord Jesus Christ, save the lost. Heavenly father, oh God, you are still the merciful God. Heavenly father, thank you for your mercy, for your grace. God, thank you for the message. Lord Jesus, thank you for each one of us. Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you for sister Lori. God, may you take care of her. Heavenly Father, oh heavenly father, we thank you already for this young man, Lord Jesus Christ, we have heard that has done that has uh oh God is near. Oh God, you are the healer. Lord Jesus Christ, when no med when no doctors can help, you are the helper. Heavenly Father, oh God, we commit our lives into your hands. Help us to press on toward the mark of the high calling of God. We thank you. Heavenly Father, bless your name. Bless your church. Give us traveling mercy. Keep us under your grace and mercy. Keep us under the blood. Jesus name. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Amen. I know that I can make it that I know that I can stand. [Music] know that [Music] I know that I can stand matter what break my way. Life is in your [Music] hand that I can make it. know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, life is in your hands. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. Don't you be afraid. [Music] Joy comes in the morning. Troubles that don't last always. For there's a friend than Jesus. Wipe your tears away. [Music] If your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what come my way, life is in your hand. Through Jesus, I'm naked. I know I can stand. No matter what come my way, life is in your God bless you. God be with you. And when your test and trials seem to get you down and all your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found, remember there's a friend in Jesus. Wipe your tears away. If your heart is broken, lift your hands and say, "Oh, know that I can make it. Know that I can stand no matter what come my way. Life is in your hand. Through Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. Life is in your hand. Yes I know that I can make it. all that I understand. Life is in your hand. Through Jesus I can take it. Him I know I can stand. No matter what come my way. Time is in your hands. You don't have to worry. Don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last away. There's a friend in Jesus. Wipe your tears away. If your heart is broken, lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know I can make it. Know that I can stand. No matter what come my way, life is in your hand. Through Jesus I am I know I can stand better one. Life is in your hands. Your test and trials seem to get you down. All your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember, there's a friend in Jesus. Wipe your tears [Music] away. Heart is broken. Lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. Know that I can stand. No matter what come my way, life is in your hand. Oh Jesus, I I can take it. Help. I know I can stand. No matter what come my way, life is it. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] Down. Hey. Hey. [Music] Hey, hey, hey. [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
