################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - Sunday Morning 07-02-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   Sunday Morning 07-02-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fPpQVbWuk-w
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Listen, [Music] you [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You are my name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Show me your ways that I They walk with you. Show me your ways. I put my trust in you. Cry of my heart is to love you more. To live with the touch of your hand. stronger each day. Lord, show me your ways. Let's ask him that one more time. Lord, show me your ways [Music] that I may walk with you. Show me your way. I put my hope in you. The cry of my heart is to love you more, to live with the touch of your hand. Stronger each day. Show me your way. Yes. Stronger each day, stronger each day. [Music] Lord, show me your way. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. I do not know just why he came to love me so. He looked beyond my walls. He saw my need. And I shall forever lift my eyes to Calary to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How marvelous the grace that calms my falling soul. He looked beyond my fall. Sing that chorus again as we stand. And I shall forever live. Oh, I shall forever live my life to Calary. to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How marvelous the grace that my falling soul. He looked beyond [Music] my fall. He saw my need. Yes, he looked beyond all my faults. He saw my need [Music] and he is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. Brother Caleb, would you come open your service with a word of prayer today? He's here. Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. He is here. Just listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him. You will never be the same. [Music] Dear Lord Jesus, last night Lord, I listened to your tape. Lord, your just and then Gilead. Lord, just evaluate my life. I just evaluate it, Lord. Lord, I listened to your prophet last night and he said about that man that had that dream. He and he come up to heaven and he said, "It's my name there." And he said, "No." He said, "Well, you can take it to the judgment, Lord." So he went there and the Lord said, "Did you lie? Have you stealed?" And he the man had done one souls to to Lord Jesus Christ. And he was felt like he was going to be cast out. And then Lord Jesus come and said Lord I'll stand for him because he stood for me Lord I'm unworthy to be here Lord if there's any person in here Lord and myself Lord I I need I just need you in a way Lord to just fix things Lord in my life and your people here. They love you. They appreciate you, Lord. And I ask humbly, Lord, that you will come in their hearts in their life. And if time goes on and we all come to a place, Lord, that they'll be there, Lord, knowing that you'll be there, Lord, just they have that peace that you know Jesus will stand for them, Lord. I humbly ask for myself and all here Lord just there's anything here Lord any need Lord just help your people Lord and your message today Lord may it just be a blessing may it be a a fruitful thing for your children Lord Lord we just appreci I appreciate you and I know everybody else here appreciates you as Oh Lord, Lord, we just ask these things in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music] Uh Lord God, thou hast made the heavens and the earth by thy great power. Lord God, thou hast made the heavens and the earth by thine outstretched arm. Oh, nothing is too difficult for thee. Oh, nothing is too difficult for thee. Great and mighty God, great in counsel and mighty indeed. [Music] Oh nothing, nothing absolutely nothing, nothing is too difficult for thee. Let's sing it one more time. Shake hands with those around you. Our Lord God, thou hast made the heavens and the earth by thy great power. A Lord God, thou hast made the heavens and the earth by thine outstretched arm. Oh, nothing is too difficult for thee. Nothing is too difficult for thee. Great and mighty God, great in counsel and mighty indeed. [Music] Nothing. Oh, nothing. Absolutely nothing, nothing is too difficult for thee. Hallelujah. You can be seated if you'd like this morning. Let's go to the key of B flat. I will bless the Lord forever. And I will trust in him all time. [Music] And he has delivered me from all fear. And he has set my feet upon a ground. [Music] I will not be moved. And I'll say of the Lord, you are my shield. You're my strength. Lord, my portion deliverer, my shelter, strong town. You're my very present, helping time of need. And who have I in heaven but you? Lord, there's none I desire beside you. Oh, as you put that joy in your heart this morning, you've made me glad. [Music] And I'll say of the Lord, you are my strength. You're my shield, my portion, deliverer, my shelter, strong town. You're my very present help. You are my shield. You're my strength. You're my fortune, deliverer, my shelter, strong tower. You're my very present, help in time of need. Let's give him a praise offering this morning. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Oh, let's praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Let's sing that one more time. Put on the garments of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Oh, let's praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Oh, and all you that war in Zion, I have authority to appoint under you in Zion, oil of joy that will set you free. Put on the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Let's praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnifying. This next verse says, "Lift up those hands." Oh, lift up your hands that hang down. Lift up your voice. Oh, lift up your voice now still. For he's worthy of our continuous give unto God. Continuous praise. Sing forth from Zion till put on the garment of praise for the spirit of heiness. Lift up your voice to God. Praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Let's sing to Yahweh. Oh, sing to Yahe. Hallelujah. I'm here to worship and praise our God. So let us praise and adore him. Bow down before him. Oh, magnify the Lord. Put on a garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Oh, let us praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. Sing that one more time. Put on the garment of praise for the spirit of heaviness. Lift up your voice to God. Oh, praise with the spirit and with understanding. Oh, magnify the Lord. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. Lord, all the hills I now reside. Oh, I have been I have been redeemed. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh, glory, glory. Christ is mine. All the hill I now reside. I have been. I have been. Let's sing that one more time as the brothers come for the prayer requests. I've been redeemed by love divine. Oh glory, glory. Christ is mine. All the hills. I've now resigned. I have been I have been redeemed. Amen. Aren't you thankful for redemption this morning, church? Sure to be with each one of you. God bless you this morning. For our Sunday school report, we had 12 children, 10 Bibles, $9 in the offering this morning. So, it's nice to see a robust Sunday school. It's nice to be in church with each one of you. Our guests, Brother Rick's friends. I don't see Brother Rick. We're missing him. But our friends Faith and Danica, we're sure welcoming you this morning and appreciate you joining us for our prayer request. Kind of a praise report and prayer request for brother Ben Deasset Jr. He was in a severe car accident this week and just came away with some pretty good bumps and bruises. So we praise the Lord for sparing his life, but a lot to recover and the injuries and things. So you uphold uh Ben Jr. and the family in your prayer life. Want to remember mom Wheeler. Sister Carlina asked us to re remember Sister Wa this morning. So keep her in your upheld in your prayers. Our precious sister Heather Carpon in Canada passed with cancer this week. So remember the Carpon family, the Riley family in your prayer life. Still got some traveling. Sister Jesseline, different ones. So there's a seat missing by you. Let's uh remember those together. Let's all stand and we'll uphold Denise this morning. was still missing Sister Snow. I think she's back in town. Is that correct, Sister Barb? So, just keep her in prayer. The Lord would continue to mend her and her long recovery. Brother Bob, we might be missing him this morning. So, remember Brother Bob and the family as well. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church. Lord, I'm res design resigned to you to give all. Lord, we're thankful for the redeeming blood that does that for us. We know that we can't merit this, Lord. Anything that we would say or do or in our lives, Lord, even many souls saved. And it's just filthy rags that we bring. We bring an offering, a sacrifice of praise this morning because of the righteousness of the perfect sacrifice, Lord, a precious lamb of God. And we're so thankful to reapply that token this morning to our lives, Lord, as we remember our families as well. And as Rahab of old, Lord, and bringing in them under that token, the the precious blood of the lamb, Lord Jesus, thank you for that this morning. We uphold our precious friends, the Daset family back in North Carolina. Lord, we understand Brother Ben Jr. was in a severe car wreck that you preserved his life. Lord, he must have yet a work to do. this young man is uh fairly new marriage. Lord, we hold them in prayer that you'd bless and keep them. Sister Wa, Lord, we miss her. We know she tries to stream and is getting up there in years and just needs the encouragement this morning. And we pray that she would know that we love her more than anything. Lord, we would want to do anything that we could to encourage her. And so we bring her and the family before you this morning. Sister Heather Carpon, the Carpent family, the Riley families with the loss of this mother, this sister. Lord, that you'd comfort them as only you can. May they look to the precious lamb as well this morning. Those traveling, those missing among us, Lord. Those streaming, pray that you'd comfort and be with them this morning as only you can. As we collect tithes and offerings, we know that you own everything, Lord. You don't necessarily need something, but you said you love a cheerful giver. So, we want to be that this morning and give to the kingdom of God. We know time is short. Father, we see the signs of the times. We're here to get a little closer draw to you, Lord. We pray for our precious pastor, Brother Israel. He means the world to us, his family. So, we uphold him in prayer that you'd speak through him this morning. We know that you will do that. May our ears be open to hear something from heaven today. We thank you for it. We love you. We appreciate you. In the precious and lovely name of our savior, the Lord Jesus Christ, all God's people say, "Amen." Let's go to the key of Bat. Oh, can't you hear the sound of heaven? It's the sound of penny waters. It's the sound of worship coming from the throne. Hear the cries of adoration. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. As the saints from every nation lift their voice to make his glory known. They're singing holy, holy, holy are you. We're singing holy, hol, holy are you, Lord. [Music] All the elders and angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Just sing that chorus to him again. Holy, holy. I'm singing. Holy, holy, holy arms you Lord. We're singing holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. All the elders angels bow. The redeemed to worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Oh yes. Holy, holy, holy are. Tell him that one more time. Holy, holy. Singing holy, holy, holy, holy, Lord. Amen. You can be seated. We'll sing a song together. the old rugged cross made the difference. After that, I have a song that I'd like to sing for you this morning and we'll turn the service over to our pastor. [Music] It was a life filled with aimless desperation. And without hope [Music] the shell of a man. All but then a hand with a nail print stretched downward. Oh, just one touch and there is just one touch and a new life. How many can say that's my testimony this morning? I'm so thankful for that. Oh, and the old rugged cross. It's what made the difference. In this life that was bound for heartache. In this life bound for heartache and defeat. Oh, I will praise him. I will praise him forever and ever. For the cross made all the difference for me. Old barren walls echoed harshness and anger. Little feet ran in terror to hide. But now those walls bring with love warmth and laughter for the giver of life. Let's sing that last verse. And there's a room filled with sad ashen faces. Know there's a room filled with sad ash and faces without home. Death had wrapped him in. Although we have nothing to be discouraged about this morning. For at the sight of a savior, there's rejoicing. [Music] For life it can be sealed in a tomb. [Music] The old rugged cross made the difference [Music] in this life bound for heartache and new fear. [Music] Oh, I will praise him forever and ever. How many can say that's your testimony this morning? I will praise him forever and ever. Yes, I'll praise you, Lord. I will praise him forever and ever. for the cross made the for me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I live a wasted life that had no meaning. [Music] And I found no peace in anything that I tried. Oh, but I saw my life quickly end. [Music] And a brand new one began. The day I saw the cross where Jesus died. And because of Calary, I never will be the same again. [Music] I found the joy that I never thought could be. [Music] Oh, he took a life that was shattered by sin. He put it together once again. Oh, and oh what a change there's been because of Calary. [Music] Hallelujah. Now where my heart is sad and growing weary. [Music] Well then I just journey in my mind way back to Calary. [Music] And I kneel beneath its flow that washes white as snow. And I find your strength awaiting there for me. [Music] And it's because of Calvary. I'll never be the same again. Oh, thank you, Lord. I found the joy that I never thought could be. [Music] He took a life shattered by sin. He put it together once again. And oh, what a change there's been because of Calary. Yes, it's because of Calary. I will never be the same again. Oh, I found that joy. I found that joy that I never thought could be. [Music] He took a life shattered by sin. He put it together once again. And oh, what a change there's been. I know my life will never be the same again. because of Calary. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Maybe we could just play that chorus. So I'll cherish the old rugged cross as our pastor comes this morning. So I'll cherish the old ruged cross until my trophies at last. I lay down and I will cling to the old rugged cross and I'll exchange it someday for a crown. Jesus [Music] Christ [Music] down. [Music] for a crown. Let us bow our heads and pray. Lord Jesus, we thank you for bringing us together once again. Lord, as we come into this place, uh, this portion of the service, Lord, the preaching of your word, Lord, we thank you for the worship that has gone forth, Lord. Father, you're truly worthy to be praised. And Lord, we lift up our hearts to give you the praise today. We thank you, Father. You've been so good to us and our future, our life is in your hand. And we've laid, oh God, we counted up the cost and we've made our decision to follow you, Lord. And in following you, Lord, we follow your word. We follow the scriptures by the Holy Spirit. And Lord, lead us today into the greener pastures of the word that our souls can be filled with the vitamins needed to overcome in this hour. Give us rapturing faith, Lord. Give us faith to get up out of the grave one day. Give us faith for a body change and also faith Lord for our immediate needs and circumstances and problems, sicknesses, diseases, requests for our families and all the other things that we desire that's acquired through faith. Now bless us now we pray. Bless each one we ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless each of you saints. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord with you today. We welcome you to the house of the Lord. So happy to have you with us. Amen. And so I trust that um the Lord Jesus will bless you with something that you can take with you that will stay with you for the rest of your life. Amen. So we welcome you to the house of the Lord. Tonight we're going to have um we'll do the voting for the brothers. And first of all, I apologize for putting it off for so long. We've really no excuse. We just could put it off. We had the the financial report put together back in March. Brother John actually helped us with that with some of the stuff that we needed for our paperwork and brother Chris indeed was ready. But we have so many different changes and different people traveling and myself. But so we'll do that tonight. We've had kind of brother uh Galante lingering kind of just hanging out there and we wanted to dedicate him and so but we'll go through the vote process first if that's okay. I would love to dedicate him on a Sunday morning. I think that's more better. But we'll do that tonight after the vote. I just trust that all would be well. So on the ballot there that will be given to you after at the end of this service this morning. We'll dis and um we will um how will we do that? So, brother Chris will come up afterwards and give the financial report. We'll dismiss the main audience and the members, tiesayers, supporters can remain. We'll go through that financial report and then we'll give you a ballot at the end of the service. You take that home, think about it, pray about it. You need a week to contemplate on who to vote for. Yes or no? But it shouldn't take that long, I don't think. But we will calculate those tonight and then uh bring the results tonight, the Lord willing. And so, um, small twist on the board there, Brother Scott is put in his 10 years of service and and Amy's done a very fine job with that. And so thank the Lord for him. So he said enough is enough. No. And so we appreciate brother Scott's service and done a wonderful job and he is going to step down from that post and it'll give an opportunity for someone else to step in there. In the meantime, we also have brotherh Edward McFaten. He'll be he's been in our some of our meetings and talking about bringing him along and so he will be put on the ballot tonight to vote for as a trustee along with brother Joe Galante and um of course others in the church do a phenomenal job in helping us. They do the work of deacons and trustees and we lean on many of you brothers and this is not making one group of brothers better than the other but this is part of the process of the body. This is your opportunity to speak and you have a you normally have a place for comments but you can put a comment on the back there. Say something good. I only want the good comments actually. So, no, put honest report, something on there, encouragement, what you can see, what you say, whatever. Also, we always have in the back there a little box that you can put your comments in. I'm always available by my phone or I'm I pretty much live here uh many days of the week I'm here. So, I'm easy to find, easy to get a hold of. If you if you can catch me, I can sit down and talk with you if you need that. All right. So, we always want to be available and the deacons and trustees um are available. Brother Joe, a deacon, brother Joe Galante on the ballot there, trustee Edward McFaten, and brother Chris Smith, treasurer, and these brothers along with brother Scott have done a phenomenal job. And I would just thank the Lord for them. Amen. And so we'll do that this after after the um after the service this morning. We'll dismiss the main crowd. The saints tithe payers voters will set. We'll go over the financial report very quickly and then give you the ballot and then you can bring that back and we'll announce the results tonight. All right. Now, how many visitors are here? God bless you two visitors. Welcome. Happy to have you here. that were you invited to come? Oh, good. I'm glad you accepted the invitation. And so, um, you know, we give out a lot of invitations. And who is that? Oh, Rick. Brother Rick. All right. Huh. Okay. Well, I don't know. So, this is how it goes to you visitors. Uh, we invite people all the time on our job at work and you run into people. Hey, what church you go to? Oh, I go over here. What time is the service? Oh, this is what time. Hey, I'd like to come. Oh, we'd love for you to come. I'll be there Sunday. And most of the time, they don't show up. How many know what I'm talking about? You give those invitations out, they don't show up. So, when when the visitors do show up, we appreciate you coming and we trust the Lord will bless you. Welcome. Amen. And so, um, we got back from our trip. We went there uh for brother Ferguson's 75th birthday party and we went up there for the weekend and um had a great time. I did not get any rest at all. It was a very strenuous trip and I came back. I looked in my face. It looked like I had been digging ditches. Maybe I was tired and I didn't really even do anything. just ran up and down and so forth. But the week before that, Levi and I were able to do some fishing. And that time, I did get a rest. And so, I I'm glad to be back. My wife, Sister Sharon, is home. She's fighting this infection of some kind. It's a flu or something. It's really uh knocked her down. So, please pray for her that the Lord would strengthen her and bring her back um in strength. And so, all right. So, God bless each of you. Um, you're getting a little bit of a late start, but not too bad. We like to go and I do want to read a Psalms, and it's Psalms chapter 80. If you can stand and turn with me there. And then we'll take a scripture in Mark chapter 4, a parable of Jesus. And we'll read this together as a class. I'll read the first verse and as a class you can alternate all the evens. I'll take the odds and we'll take the last verse all together. If you don't have a Bible, they normally put it up on the screen for you. And if you don't have a Bible, we would love to give you one. You just put that request in and we'll get you a Bible. Amen. You know, it's interesting as returning there when I went to Liberia, this version Bible, this Scullfield Bible, it has the 100redy year anniversary in there, some pictures and so forth. Brother Hughes gave many of the brothers that Bible and for many of them that was the first time they saw that version of the Bible, that Scoffield edition, and they were so happy and blessed to get it. And I thought I thought everybody had access to it, but doesn't work that way. Um when you travel, you'll see how other people live and do and what they have to go through. And so we we want to be faithful and providing the word of God to those that need it. Amen. Psalms 80 verse1. Give ear, oh shepherd of Israel, thou that leadest Joseph like a flock. Thou that dwellest between the cherubims, shine forth. Come and save us. Turn us again, oh God, and cause thy face to shine, and we shall be saved. Oh Lord, how long would thou be against the prayer of thy people? Thou feedest them with the bread of tears, and givest them tears to drink in great measure. Thou wickedest us to strife. Turn us again, oh God of hosts, and cause thy face to shine, and we shall be saved. Thou preparest room before it and did this cause it to take deep root and it filled the land. So she sent out her bows unto the sea and her branches unto the river. There it is. The boar out of the wood doth waste it, and the wild beast of the field doth devour it. [Music] And the vineyard which thy right hand hath planted and the branch that thou madeest is strong for thyself. It is burned as fire is cut down that perish. Let thy hand be upon the man of thy right hand upon the son of man whom thou madeest strong for thyself. So we will quick alto together. Turn us again, oh Lord God of hosts. Cause thy face to shine and we shall be saved. Isn't that what you want today? You want the Lord to shine his face upon you to turn us towards his great goodness that he has for us. Amen. One more scripture found in Mark chapter number four. in verse number 13. And he said unto them, this is our Lord Jesus. Know ye not this parable? And how then will ye know all parables? The swer sweeth the word. And these are they by the wayside where the word is sown. But when they have heard, Satan cometh immediately and taketh away the word that was sown in their hearts. Amen. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on this service today. Bless every heart we pray. have your way in the meeting this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I'm going to take you may be seated. The title of the sermon this morning is the placing of the seed. The placing of the seed. We've been going through the orders of adoption. How a son is born into a family in the in in Israel. After 8 days, that child is circumcised and then it would be a son, but it would have to grow up until the time appointed that he would be adopted. It's a Greek or a Roman ceremony really, but the scriptures well speak of it in uh the New Testament. The apostle Paul talks about how a heir different nothing he he's no different than a servant. A son and a servant. They're born in the same house. But a son has to prove himself to be worthy of the father's business. And then that father has a ceremony, robes that child and adopts him or places him as an official son where now you can have my checkbook. What I say, you can say. It's the same voice. You have the authority. I've given that to you. This is a public ceremony and this is the position that the believers are predestinated to. Amen. So, we know that all of our tests and trials and all that we would go through is pointing us to this great adoption. As believers, it's in the scriptures. We are predestinated to the adoption of children, the adoption of sons. And I fear that maybe we don't talk about it enough. Maybe that word might throw us off a little bit, the adoption word, but it's really the placing of the son. And so, every son or daughter of God, Christian, young person, older person, they have a place. And we all want to find our place. And we can be very good, very talented, very gifted and very capable of doing many many tasks and uh most of us I would say all of us has a strength that's unique to us. If I were to sit and talk to each of you, you have something about you, a certain little making that made you who you are. And it's unique to you. I could never replace that. You couldn't replace the person sitting next to you. God made us all very different. And we all have a unique purpose. And so, we all have a place. This hand has five fingers. It has a thumb. and they're all placed in a particular order and they're there. Someone put them there. But what we can do that is um maybe on the negative side if we can take our gifts, our talents, our abilities and then move or use them in the wrong way. It's misplaced. And so the great tempter, Satan, is the one behind this challenge of trying to get you out of your position, out of your place. Remember, Satan wants you to take a position, too. The Holy Spirit wants you to take a position. And Satan in the beginning, he was Lucifer. He had troubles and problems in heaven because of position, because of the placing. He wanted more. He needed more authority. He wanted to be above this. He wanted and he had everything. It seemingly he was the most beautiful. He was the most gifted, the most talented. And he was the son of the mourning. Lucifer was his name. But iniquity was found in his heart. And there is the first battles that we see. They started in heaven, not on the earth. And then that battle from heaven drops down on the earth. And now this is what all of our battles has to deal with. Our position, our placing. Have I found my position in my place? And so it's the placing of the seed. Everything has to find its position. And in this parable in Mark chapter 4, we'll see that Jesus gives them this parable. If you take time, you can read it starting from verse three. And Jesus said, "There was a swer that sowed. It came to pass that some fell by the wayside and the fowls came and devoured it. Some on stony ground where there was not much earth. Immediately it sprang up but because it had no depth of earth. Uh but when the sun was up it was scorched because it had no root it withered away. Some fell amongst thorns the thorns grew up and other fell on good ground. This is out of five or four um places that the seed couldn't fall. There's only one place that the seed really should fall and that is in good ground. So the seed itself needs a place. It has a position. And although it's the true seed, it's the swer sewing the seed. It's the word of God, it's Jesus himself sewing the seed, if you sew the seed in the wrong place, you'll get the wrong results. Huh? So, it's not just being right, but it's being right and in the right place. It's not just knowing who you are, but it's knowing who you are and knowing where you belong. Amen. It's a lot of people that were eligible to get married when I was single. A lot of sisters available, but they and legally I could have married whoever. But there come a time I needed to find the right one. And that's you need supernatural instructions with that. And when you find the right one, it's the right place, it settles it. And although others can be qualified, although others maybe can can do the job as a wife, but God had one specially for me. That that was Sister Sharon. Can I brag on her a minute since she ain't here? Never mind. I won't brag on her. But she was the one for me. That's it for the rest of my life. That is it. That was our place. We found that. And so the seed had to find the its right place. You know this position. you'll see that Satan is behind causing great trauma and damage throughout the scripture. And I just did a little marginal on his um the word Satan. Of course, you can take the devil as well. And in the Old Testament, they might use the word the accuser. Some translations won't use the word Satan, but it's the same being that we're talking about. And we first see this character, one of the first places in 1st Chronicles 21. I want you to turn there just quickly. And this is King David. He's over Israel. in in 1 Chronicles 21. It's also in 2 Samuel uh chapter 24. And the Bible says, "And Satan stood up against Israel." And what he do? Well, let me let me Some of you are turning there. This is Satan. He's standing up against Israel. And look at what he does. He provokes David to number Israel. And so David gets this in his head. He gets this in his mind. I do not think Satan came in his person as Satan and said, "Hey, David, I am Satan. I want to talk to you. I want to provoke you to do something against the will of God." And do not think that's the way it happened. You follow the scriptures. Satan is very shrewd. He's a thief and he knows he's a thief. He's a crook and he knows he's a crook. He's a liar and he knows he's a liar and he doesn't want you to know that he's the liar though. So he has to hide himself under the canopy of truth or where things that are decent and holy are. And he hides in that like he pretends to be your friend or pretends to really care for you when all along he's trying to nail you. And so Satan is now going to provoke David. I wonder I wonder how that happened. I wonder was it a thought in his head? I wonder did he read of another king that did the same thing? I wondered how this provoke this provoking happened for David to do this that was contrary. He's even his captain Joab says, "David, what are you doing?" And David does it anyway. number them. I want to number them. And when he does it, God is angered at him for it. The prophet comes to him and tells him, "What you did, David, was wrong." And David can say, "Well, the devil made me do it." Yes, the devil did make you do it. The devil provoked you, but he didn't make you. He presented it to you. He worked it up in your mind and you made the decision to do what the devil wanted you to do. If the devil made you do it, then the devil can make you kill yourself. He can make you jump off a bridge. He can make you. No, he cannot make you. All that he can do is what God would allow him to do to you. You have to make the choice. You have to make the decision. Amen. How many here today knows of cases where Satan provokes you? He whispered to you. He got you in a trap. He baited the trap and then he got you. How many of you here can Christians can say that and look back and say, you know what, that dirty devil, it was the devil all along. Right. But I didn't know it was if I had known it was the devil, I wouldn't have I would I wouldn't have I wouldn't even conversated with him. If I would have known it was the devil in all of this, I would have never engaged with him. I would have handled him differently. I wouldn't have went out to lunch with him if I knew it was the devil. Can I get a witness? The devil wants your phone number. You going to give it to him? Wants your email account. want your contact info. You'll give it to the devil, but you'll give it to a handsome guy, won't you? And that just might be the devil. Y'all ain't saying that then. It's all right. So, Satan provokes David to do this. Let's take one more. In Job chapter 1, just show you these some of these dynamics, how he moves and how he works. There was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. Satan came also among them. And the Lord said unto Satan, "Whence come thou?" Then Satan answered the Lord. He answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, from walking up and down in it?" And the Lord said unto Satan, "Hast thou considered my servant Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright wind, one that fearth God and assureth evil." So the Lord is asking Satan, "What are you doing, man? Where are you going?" He said, "I'm just going up and down the earth, doing this. Have you considered my servant Job?" Out of all the sons of God that came here, the Lord points out Job. The Lord asks questions not because he don't know the answer. Remember that. He already knows the answer. And Satan answered, "The Lord thus Job fear God for not? Hast not thou made a hedge about him about his house and about all that he hath on every side? Thou hast blessed the work of his hands? His substance is increased in the land. But put forth thy hand now, and touch all that he hath, and he will curse thee to thy face. And the Lord said unto Satan, Behold, all that he hath is in thy power, only upon himself, put not forth thy hand. So Satan is sizing Job up. He's looking at him top to bottom. And when he comes before the Lord, he actually tells the Lord, "You have a hedge around this man." Now, if Satan sized you up today, if Satan, the accuser of the brethren, our main and common enemy that we all have, remember, I'm not your enemy. Brother, sister, is not your enemy. Satan is our enemy. And if he was to size you up today, what what would he see? What would he see? How how where's the flaw at in you? Where's the weak spot in you? He looks him up. He says, "You have a hedge around this man over all that he has." And this is a conversation that Satan is having with God about a son. Remember when Satan is let loose on Job and takes all that he has and goes through his family, goes through his wealth and goes through everything that he has, he never, you never hear no mention of Satan ever talking to Job. There's no other quotations of Satan ever saying that it's me doing all this to you. He lays quiet. He lays silently after he did all the damage and the dust is now settling. his friends come to console him. And all of this happened because of Satan was turned loose on me. And remember last Wednesday or two Wednesdays ago, we're talking about Joseph. You remember that anointed brother Joseph and how God would use him and anointed him in Piper's house and anointed him with gifts and and and how how he was just the Lord blessed him. He was a slave. Yes. But then Piper's house, he rose up to where he had a great position in Pterer's house. And his integrity was intact. His service was intact. And the Egyptians loved him. Potterer loved him. And it's just a beautiful target for a nice fat juicy lie to be told. Right? That's what that is. This is your reward for being faithful. This is your reward for standing for what's true and what's right. Is there is coming a test and that test is coming to position you or to move you. So, Joseph needs to move to another prison. He's things are going too good for him. So, we need to get him in Pharaoh's house. But in order to get him there, we need to test him. We need to position him. And we need to move him. And we move him by dropping another test in his life. You know, finding our position, it can be quite complicated because Satan wants all of us to take a position through pride, through greed. He wants us to take somebody else's position. He wants us to get in power, to get in authority by breaking all the rules. And the same Holy Spirit is trying to get us in position and authority and power by doing it the right way. Is that right or wrong? The Holy Spirit is trying to place his church who was here on Wednesday night when he talked about speaking the word. and calling cancer out of a congregation, delivering saints, the little sheep that are afflicted by Satan's power. That God rose up sons and daughters of God with the power of the Holy Spirit to deliver them. But what happens? Satan gets in there and he misguides our our ambitions. So now we want things that we shouldn't want and we desire things that shouldn't we shouldn't desire. We want to be like Ephraim or we want to be like the other sister. We want you know brother so and so's wife or sister so and so's husband or we envy their children. We envy their church and we envy this other successful group and these other people and it's full of it. Yes sir. But when you find your place and you know your place, then it doesn't really matter what others are doing. Really, you remember the parable when Jesus paid those agreed to them for a penny for a day. Remember that they agreed to pay, they agreed to work in the harvest. What's the agreement? A penny for the day. Is that a deal? Deal. Got a deal. We'll work for a penny for I'm so glad. Man, I'm so appreciative of this job, Lord. I'm so glad to have this job for a penny for the day. And then as the time goes on, others come in at the last minute. Like some church folks, they come in in at the last minute. They showed up late and they come in and they just start dancing in the spirit and get the blessing of the Lord. and you showed up early and you just as dry and cold as like what's going on here? I was here first. I should be the one getting blessed. Well, your blessing is there. Go get it. Here these are working. So appreciative to get this job. I'm so happy to be here. I'm glad for the opportunity. Lord, I work. And then you find out others come in late and they get paid. How much of y'all get paid? How? How? Wait, when did y'all start? Oh, we just got in. I'm so glad to be here. You glad to be here? I've been here since 6 a.m. this morning. And you glad to be How much you paying you? They You better not tell me we getting paid the same. How much they paying you? I'm getting a penny a day. Oh man. Unbelievable. I hate this job. Now the blessing, the job that it was supposed to be, you should have been appreciative of, now you're all twisted. You're all upset. Why? The agreement didn't change. The amount didn't change. The only thing that changed is that you saw somebody else get something that you feel like it didn't belong to them. This is Satan now. This is Satan at his greatest. He moves in congregations. moves and causes is called emulations, competition, competing against Lord Jesus, help me to keep my nose in your business and out of everybody else's business to stay on the battlefield for the Lord to hold the position and post that God called me to. Lord, help us. And so we see Satan, he confuses all of this. And we see Job. We see him there in Matthew chapter 16. The Lord's talking about how Satan, if he cast out Satan, his kingdom would be divided. Continues in Mark chapter 3. And it's our text this morning that these by the wayside. Let's read it just quickly. I know my time is rolling up really fast, but Mark talks about in verse 13 says, "Know ye not this parable?" It's like he's saying, "Do you not understand this parable? How then will you understand the other parables? But a few verses before that, he says, "It wasn't given to them to know these things, but you was given." I love that balance, how the Lord puts it on us. But then, you know, it's on him, too, though. If he doesn't open your eyes to see it, you're not going to see it. But then he asked the question, if you don't know this, how are you going to know the other parables? So like the revelation that we need in our life, we should be praying for it. We should be studying and digging for it. New Christians, new believers should be taking down every scripture that's mentioned in the service and going back and reading those things so the Holy Spirit can position them and place them in the word of God. Know ye not that this parable? And how then will you know all the parish? The swer sweethth the word. These are they by the side where the word is sown. But when they have heard Satan cometh immediately and taketh away the word that was sown in their heart. That immediately is mentioned again in verse 17. Verse 16. And these are they likewise which are sown on stony ground who when they have heard the word immediately receiveth it with gladness and have no root in themselves and so endure. But for a time afterward when affliction and persecution ariseth for the word's sake immediately they are offended. So these these two happenings here there's four of them. One is the seed falls on good ground. And in these two happenings, he he that heareth the word, then Satan comes to take the word that they heard immediately away from them. And then those that hear the word and they receive it with gladness. They've heard it. They they immediately they receive it, but there's no root. There's no root. They don't have any the that the the the seed didn't find its final resting place. It's almost as if you came to a service and the sermon was right on point. The scriptures were balanced correctly. It was absolutely God all the way, but you leave from there without taking away anything. It was the seed, yes, but it didn't go deeper. It didn't take root. Many times after the preaching of the service, after the preaching of the word, that's the time to worship afterwards. That's the Holy Spirit watering in your mind what just took place and what is taking place. It's supernatural all the way. Amen. It's supernatural all the way. Lord, how does this word apply to me today? Oh God, let it retain in my spirit. Let me receive it, Lord. And so the we see this in this parable of Jesus that the seed is placed there. It doesn't find its final resting place as it should and there it moves on. Now finding our position is not finding a position but our position. And there's a lot of positions that are there that are available that need to be filled in the kingdom of God. But is it my place? Is it has it has it been revealed to me what that is? Now, the prophet of God takes in the adoption message on from um Wednesday, adoption number four. And I was going through my my message on this um preparing for this during the week. And then it got right back to these mysteries and it exactly what brother Brandham had told us about. Get the Holy Spirit on you sometime and start running that and just watch how it goes. But look at what he says. and he's referring to the book of Ephesians and and we'll take um adoption number four paragraph number 16 and he says this here the mystery of his will and remember how we hung on that how many was here this morning let's see how we struck on that the mystery of his will now it's not just a little thing then it's a mystery God's will is a mystery And each man has to seek out the will of God for his or herself, God's mystery. How many of us are doing that today? How many know that's a lifetime of doing, Lord? What is your will for my life? What is your will? Should I take this job? Should I move forward in in this investment or where should where should I do? Should I attach myself to these people that want to be in my circle or be my friend? Lord, please lead me because Satan is not going to come and tell me that it's Satan. I need the Holy Spirit. I need the revelation of Jesus Christ to lead me. It's a mystery of his will. How many knew that you would be sitting in the seat you're sitting today when you were 18 years old? How many of you knew who you'd be married to? What kind of family you would have? How many of you knew that you would be standing up in the pull pit preaching or leading a song service or a Bible study? How many of you know, you don't know, but we seek out his will for our lives? I was raised in church my entire life. I was raised on a church pew. I saw the good, the bad, the indifferent, the ugly. I've seen it all. I've heard about it. I've seen it. And I've heard the Bible stories coming up and some stuck to me more than others. And then you go out and you live your life and you're running out and then now you're in you have what you call your freedom. Finally, you get your freedom. You can make your own choices. I don't have to go to church now. I can actually stay home on a Sunday all day if I want to. As you get grown or old enough, but then you know life happens to you and you start going through things through your life. You start trying to find out really who are you? Your your friends will tell you who you are. Your your grades tell you who you are. your your your your society and the people around you try to tell you and define who you are, but you really got to know who you are. And until you realize that you are a son or daughter of God, it's just a big question mark. You're just jumping through life's hoops trying to find the next high, the next quick scheme to happiness, the next, you know, the human heart was made to be happy. And so the the world is filled with trying to find this happiness apart from the word of God. The word of God places a man or a woman to their place and their position. It calibrates them of where they should be going and what they should be doing. Amen. So we work out those details, don't we? and we're trying to find the will of God. We think we might know. We might have a dream. Someone might tell us we don't think. But we still need to know by revelation what is the will of God for my life. And the prophet of God says in paragraph number 18. And now he said he made known to us the mystery. Get the Holy Spirit on you sometime and start running that and just watch how it goes. This afternoon, I had about 30 minutes to study just to look at the lesson over. Maybe not, I'll say half of that, 15 minutes between the times. And I got to running and I thought, the mystery, how mysterious. And the scripture packed me back into the Old Testament, then back over into the New Testament, tied something together, see the mystery of his coming, the mystery of his will, the mystery of us sitting together. Remember it cannot be taught in any seminary. It is a mystery. You cannot know it by education, by theology. It's a mystery that's been hidden since the foundation of the world waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. And so he goes into those mysteries in the message surges this the end time. And the scripture talks about the mystery of God being in Christ, the mystery of iniquity, the mystery of the seven stars, the mystery of Babylon, the prostitute, the mystery all the the mysteries of Israel being blinded so the Gentiles can come into salvation. the mysteries that are surrounded in the kingdom of heaven. The mysteries of how we'll be translated. All these great mysteries the prophet brings out and Scoffield brings it out in his notes in the Scoffield Bible in this message. This is this sign of the answer. The prophet brings out all these mysteries. I don't I don't know if they have it here, but I wrote it down. I didn't I read it many many times. I took this one just came to me is 2 Timothy 3:16. Great is the mystery of godliness. That's another mystery that God was manifested in the flesh, seen of the angels, believed on, come to the Gentiles, and was received up into glory. That's a great mystery. Who is God? That's a mystery. That's not something you can learn on Google. That's not an internet knowledge that you're going to receive. That's something that has to be revealed to you apart from your ability to read or your IQ or any of those things. God has to reveal his will to you. And when that will is revealed to you, you can start to take your position. Now, Satan wants you to take a position as well. He wants you to He wants you to take a position that doesn't belong to you. Huh? He wants you to lust for knowledge like he did with Eve in the garden. He tempted her, didn't he? If if you do this, you will be like God. You'll know. You'll have knowledge. And that lust, that little twist of knowledge just to know. You know, it's something how when I'm preparing for a service or putting things together, I have so many highlights and amen moments and and I'm amening for you all. Many times I'm studying. I'm I I'm I'm getting in front of the amen. I'm saying, "Oh, yeah. They gonna like this." And I'll just amen for you. So, so, so it's like you're it's like if you're doing all the cooking at home and you're just nibbling away and then when it's time to eat, it's like, "Well, bro, why ain't you eating?" Well, I've been eating all day. And so my question is, if you're preparing a meal, should you not taste the food, Brother John and just prepare while you're fasting or so you just eat all along all along and then when you sit down at the table just pretend like everybody else like, "Wow, that's so good, so delicious." And so as I'm going through this, like I This is where I don't get my sermons intact. Brother Joe, Brother Joe and Brother Joe is that I get on one point and I start eating. I'm not preparing a sermon now. I'm feeding. Oh, and it tastes so good. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Yes, sir. So, so if you would obey, obey the prophet and get in your concordance the mystery and you start to read that all in one channel, all on one plate, all in one sitting, you will be so grateful for what God has revealed in this day. Hallelujah. Go do it, saints. Do it sometimes. We take the mystery and just how it was hidden until this time. He kept it reserved until this time, but now is being made known to his own. Who is his own? That's me. That's you. Praise the Lord. Amen. His great unfolding of his great love towards us. The great mystery how he unfolds it. So it's not just a position, it's our position that Christ has placed in us. And we can see the total as our life and our ministry is directed. When I say ministry, I'm talking about men, women, everybody has a ministry, a servitude that God has called you to. And you find your you're finding your correct position. That's what it's all about. And Satan is there trying to twist you up to to get you involved in battles that you shouldn't be involved in. That you should be concentrated in on what God has for your life. I've said this a number of times this year. I've said it here a couple of times that the best deal you'll ever get in this life is going to come from God. There is nobody going to offer you a better deal. There is no sec. Look, if God offers you something, just know that is the best. There is no secondary deal. There is no secondary offer that you can compare with his deal. His offer is the best offer. And if you leave that offer, where are you going to? Who's going to give you a better deal than God? Who's more just than God himself? Who in giving out gifts and giving out talents and blessing and withholding a blessing? Who alone can tell God he made a mistake in giving out whatever he gives. See, we get upset because you know this one has it. I'm fighting against that one. I'm fighting against Well, who's in control of all of that? Well, I will be doing a lot better, but my boss don't like me. Well, who is your boss? Wait a minute. Wait, let's back up here. Who is the boss anyways? Who's the one who brought you here? If God ain't in control of your life, then please tell me who is. And if he is in control, he's not partway in control. Everything that happens, he allows it to happen for his glory, for his purpose, to get you where you need to be. The best deal is going to come from him. Lord, I don't want to be a Sunday school teacher. Well, I'm not asking you, and I'm not going to force you to be one, but I'll make you willing. How many know what I'm talking about? How many want God's way? Lord, Lord, no. Oh, Lord, that's too much for me. I can't handle that. Oh, really? I made you. I built you so you can go 75,000 miles. I manufactured you and I approved it. I put a warranty on you upon this church. I built this church upon this rock. I built whose church? My church. And the gates of what came from there is there is no power that can stop this church. It's guaranteed. And God who built us and made us who placed us and positioned us. Tell me he's not going to finish the work with us. He's going to and he is doing it. God bless you so much. It's a position that God gives to us. It's a placing that he has for us. Remember Israel and crossing over with Joshua? It wasn't a random anybody goes and just build a house anywhere. No, your tribe had a specific borders that was established for that tribe. Your tribe, you're going over here, Reuben. The tribe of Levi is going to do like this here. The tribe of Ephraim is over here. Manasseh over here. Gad is down below here. Each one had their position. Is that right? So it's not like we all received the Holy Ghost and we all just end up doing the same thing. Some free random just run it however you want to. Just show up and just do whatever you want to anytime you want to. No, no, no, no, no. That's not placing of a son. The placing of a son is specific. He is moving you and positioning you. You think it has anything to do with the preacher. A preacher come on Sunday morning. You go to a special meeting. He's up there reading the scriptures. You don't like how tall he is or he's too short for you or he's baldheaded or he has a whine in his voice. and you all caught up into that, not knowing that the Holy Spirit is the one trying to place you. And if it's the Holy Spirit over your life, then you need to take notes of that because he's the tutor trying to teach you. Amen, somebody. And I trust that one day out of here, we'll graduate from something that will promote be promoted from some level to another level by the grace of God. not by some satan satanic power or strategy the devil would have for us. So Eve, she brother Random deals with this in the harvest time message talking about Eve and the three temptations of the church, the three temptations of Jesus, the three temptations of the individual, how Eve was offered these supernatural things of knowledge, but it it moved her out of her position. And how many believers, how many Christians get moved out of their position because of their lack of maturity of knowing that it's the father. I mean, Joseph really could have got mad and really could have just thrown in the towel at all of it. He said, "You know what? I'm just going to be a straightup heathen. They lied on me. I don't belong down here. I'm poor. I don't haven't seen my family. I'll just be I'll just become a crook like the rest of these prisoners. What if he did that? But he had to demand over his life that you know what? You need to be down in Egypt so that you can save life. There's coming a famine. Nobody knows it but me, God. There's coming a famine and we need you to save life. So we we're going to send you down to E. Oh yeah, Lord. I'll go down to Egypt. Uh what bus you know what what airlines am I traveling through? Make sure it's first class, Lord. Yes, it's first class. All right. It's my first class. This is a class, boy. You're going to learn something. And this is going to be a class that will that will expand the ages that for hundreds of hundreds of years all of my sons and daughters that were ever in your shoes will have an example of how you should conduct yourself with the integrity of the most high God and not lose faith when you don't even have a witness to say amen with you. What an example. What a test. And so we see this, don't we? This Eve and this temptation and this this is a temptation in this last day. The temptation for knowledge. The the the lust for knowledge. You know, there there are many that have lost their position and there's many that have gained a position by staying with the word and staying with the Lord. And we see that sometimes when the seed is out of place that it doesn't really produce the fruit like it should. Now the prophet deals with this in the message um the unveiling of God. You know what? I'm going to move from that one. I'll take the message planting the vine and where to plant it. Prophet God says this here. This is our psalm that we read this morning. Psalms 80 paragraph 45. You plucked up a vine out of Egypt. you brought it out and planted it in a good place. That was Israel, God's people that was in Egypt. They were a good vine. They were God's chosen. But if a good vine isn't set in good ground, it will not bring forth good fruits. It depends on where the vine is planted will determine the results of the crop. So God picked up Israel out of a barren ground. Something like today we got in the land many great and fine believers and they are mixed in all denominational churches. They come from different denominations and different walks of life. That's why in my ministry I've never tried at any time to run down any certain person, any certain denomination because in them all is good people. They are God's called and chosen people. Amen. So here the prophet is now talking about the the different types of people that are in all walks of life and all the organiza organizations and denominations. They're good people and that's why many people are in churches today. Good people just planted in the wrong place. Let me take that verse 40 paragraph 47 quickly. Let's go back up. Sorry. Could you have condemned Israel while it was in Egypt? They just got off on the wrong foot and their sins had separated them from God and they were planted in Egypt. And that's the way many people are in churches today. good people just planted in the wrong place. Now, if a real believer is brought to Christ and he's planted in some great denomination that doesn't believe in miracles and signs and wonders of the Lord, that person may be a genuine Christian and a Catholic, Baptist, Presbyterian, Jehovah Witness, something else in that church, a genuine vine of God. But the denominational creed cuts off the life of that vine. It can't bear its fruit. And usually what fruit you get off that vine that's stunted or not in good ground is bad fruits. It'll come forth like apples and be naughty. Worm eaten becomes a subject to all insects. A good healthy vine doesn't even have to be sprayed. It's healthy enough to throw off the enemies. So it is with a bornag again Christian. Can I get a witness here? So it is with a born again Christian. You don't have to be spraying them all the time and patting them on the back. They are spiritually healthy enough to do what? To throw off all the scandal of the world. They are living off of the true nourishment. So, we don't have to pat you on the back all the time. Now, we don't want to be punching you all the time either, but a true Christian doesn't have to be patted on the back all the time. A true believer, you can't make them leave. If you tried, you try to shake them off. They might leave and get hurt, but they'll come back to the word. Oh, yes. You can't stop a true believer. Yes, sir. No, they'll come back again. Yes. Yes. Because God made them that. Yes. And this is this planting of the vine, planting of a good seed in the wrong place. It's out of position. The seed is the true seed, but it's not in the right position. And Satan is behind it all, trying to get and to manipulate you from finding your position in Christ Jesus. This is a place that God has called for us to be is in Christ and he's there to get us off of focus. Remember in St. Luke chapter 22, if I have time? Yes, we have time. Let's go to that real quick. St. Luke 22. This is Jesus getting ready to go to Calvary and he is talking about Judas is about to betray me. One of you are going to betray me. Never never tells him who it is in the beginning. And they begin to inquire among themselves. Luke 22:23. They begin to inquire among themselves which of them it was should do this thing. And there was also a strife among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest. Now, these are the disciples that walk with Jesus, right? And they wanted to know, we don't have this problem here. 2025, that's all cured. We're all filled with the Holy Spirit. We're all very nice people. We don't have this problem, do we? Don't you lie in church now? We don't have this problem. Who's the great? Yeah, he's great, but I'm greater than him. He's clearly a number three. I know I'm number two now, but I'm really going to be number one. You see, this this is this is Satan. uh moving on our on on our emotions and and when and when we don't keep it together, when we don't keep it together, we make it emotional and then we have hurt feelings and then we we're all upset and then but think think of Joseph. Think of Joseph how things fall and fell and the way things turned and the way things happened. Remember today is is the present and there's a future coming if the Lord would terry and nothing stays the same. What God has for you up a road up ahead the road could it be his training for up the road is what's happening to you today. I mean let's look at your attitude today. And let's remove all the people that made you the way you are today in in in your defense, in your explanation. The reason you are so upset, the reason why you're you didn't get or the reason why you're you're so successful is because of this one, because of that one, is because of Let's remove all of the characters out of your life and let's just look at your attitude. What kind of attitude is working on you today, your frame of thinking? God is in control and he's the one who places and plants the seed in good ground. That's a the original place for a seed is in good ground. But these outside elements are always trying to pull that seed into a different kind of a ground. The word isn't any different. The word this week, next week on the tapes, no matter it's no different. But you're changing constantly and you should be changing constantly for the better. You should be moving into your position in Christ Jesus. You need to find your place. I need to find my place. When you see the word of God and you see what the church should be in this hour, then many of us are short thinking about the church and calling and having dominion and power over the devil. You remember that woman that came? She was afflicted with with this devil upon her and it was the Sabbath day and Jesus went to go heal her and the Pharisees got upset and he says, "How is it that you could get upset with with with with me delivering a daughter of Abraham?" It didn't even mention her name, but she's a daughter of Abraham that needs to be set free. And so he set her free. And that's what the word of God is here to do for you is to set you free. Free from your negative ways. Free from, you know, being upset all the time. Free from being the victim. Free from blaming other people. The word of God comes to establish you and to set you free. You remember God is no respector of persons. He will take you and he will bless you and he will move you forward if you trust and believe in him. It don't matter where you come from. It don't matter what your background is. It doesn't matter if you're a newcomer. It doesn't matter if you just got here. It doesn't even matter if you come correctly with the right approach and right attitude. God will respond to you cuz he is no respector of person. I thank God for that. That's the best deal you're going to get. That's the best deal you're going to get. Why can't I, you know, my family? Why can't we live up on the hill? Why can't we be wealthy? Why could we never have a pro? Why couldn't I have my own bedroom growing up? Why did I get a car when I was 18? Why did I have to go through? Why do I have to stand in unemployment line? Why am I broke? Why am I my health? Why am I Hey, hey, hey, stop. Stop. You're a son or daughter of God. He's in control of it all. And he allows it to move that seed into good ground. Good ground. That's where you're going to flourish is in good ground. If it's in stony places, you're not going to flourish. You're still talented. You're still cute. You're still anointed. But you're not in the right place. You're not going to flourish until you get in good ground. What is good ground is right here. The good ground of the word of God. Find yourself in good ground. When you get in that ground, he will bless you, multiply you, anoint you, bless his wonderful name. Yes. I'll close in Luke chapter 22. You notice that they're striving amongst themselves. Can I close here? Chapter 22 verse 24. And there was also a strife among them. Which of them should be accounted the greatest? And he said unto them, the kings of the Gentiles exercise lordship over them, and they that exercise authority upon them are called benefactors. But ye shall not be so. But he that is greatest among you, let him be as the younger, and he that is chief as he that doth serve. For whether is greater he that siteth that meat, or he that serveth? That's a loaded question. Is not he that sitth that meet but I am among you as he that serveth then then so that was the middle of that chapter the beginning of that chapter it says then Satan entered into Judas surname is being of the number 12 that's Luke 22:3 we see Satan again now entering into Judas causing him to do this And then in the middle of the chapter, we're dealing with this greatest among you. And then look at the end of the chapter. Look at Peter. Simon, verse 31. And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat. But I have pray for thee that thy faith fail not. When thou are converted, strengthen your brethren. What if we could put your name in there? What if you could say, "Brother so and so, sister so and so, Satan desires to have you. If he sized you up today, what's his next scheme? What's the next attack towards you and your family? What do you think the next thought is coming from from him? If he sized you up this morning, if he wanted to get you, if he's he's he's putting his his attack, he's getting ready to launch it towards you and he is trying to get you off your balance, get you distracted, get you caught up in who's who's the greatest among us. He says, you know, Peter, Peter there is talking with the other disciples about who's the greatest. Jesus drops a bomb on him. Says, "Satan desires to sift you." I mean, he wants you. And Jesus pointed it out and told him that. What would that be like to you if Jesus told you? Satan desires to have you and to sift you. But I pray for you. And after you're converted, do what? Don't become a lord over your brethren. Don't tell them how you're the greatest and all this and that. Don't do what to them? Strengthen them. God, help us. Lord bless us as the seed finds his place, the true believer finds his place in the name of the Lord. God bless you richly. Let us pray. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your word this morning. We thank you for the Holy Ghost that's been shed abroad in our hearts. Thank you for the saints there in Mesa that's gathered so faithfully. We pray that each one receive their their portion today. Lord, I pray that every son or daughter of God will take notice of the tutor trying to lead them and guide them today. I pray Lord Jesus that we would not be sleep and ignorant of his devices to try to move us into a a a position of pride and and and and desiring authority, desiring to take over, desiring to be better than, but Lord to find ourselves humbly ly in good ground and good soil and good solid Bible teaching. Good solid anointed Holy Ghost outpouring [Music] upon our lives. Oh God, that's my prayer today. That's my desire today, Lord, as we move forward with the last few years that we have to proclaim as we just have a few more days left in the freedom to proclaim it and declare it, Lord. As we prepare and make ready for the coming of the Lord, as we make ready for the great advent that all the ages were looking to where the last people, Lord, we're the 11th hour worker. We're standing, Lord, in the greatest mystery being revealed in all of the ages. the mystery of our lives. Open it up to us. Open it up to each one. Lord, bless the newcomers, the strangers, the visitors, the old-timers, old mom and dad. Bless them, elders. each one, Lord, our young people, Lord, a refreshing and outpouring of the Holy Ghost, a rededication in the lives of our believers, our those that proclaim your name. Father, we commit each one into your hands. Break the power of Satan from off of our lives. Send a great Holy Spirit anointing to destroy the yoke of the enemy, bondage and chains of darkness. Set us free by your word, Lord Jesus. Lord, we come in under your control, under your dominion, under your domain. You're the great teacher. You're the tutorer. You're the great planter. You're the great farmer. Plant us, Lord, in good soil. Water us by the Holy Spirit. Lord, let us come forth and bring forth seeds, fruits of the seeds of righteousness is our prayer. Grant it, oh God. We love you and we thank you in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. That's your prayer this morning. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I belong. Oh, can we just worship the Lord for a moment? Change my heart. Change my heart. Chase my heart. Oh God ever make it true. Make it true my heart. Oh God. [Music] May I be like. Hallelujah. You're the potter on the clay. For you are the father. I am the claim. [Music] Oh, holy name. Glory. Amen. This is what I'm praying. So change my heart. Oh God, make it ever make it ever true. My heart, oh God, [Music] may I be. Can we lift our hands? Can we stand and just praise him in this moment? Lord, you are the potter. Lord, you're the potter today. Make me, Lord. Mold me, Lord. Shape me, Lord. That's my prayer, oh God. Oh, what I pray change my heart, oh God, make it ever. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. May I belong you? You are the potter. I'm the clay. Oh, you are [Music] the clay. Hold me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What I pray for [Music] change my heart, oh God. May I be is brother Andy. Is brother Andy in the back? Just have him come and dismiss us a word of prayer. We thank the Lord for bringing them back safely on their road trip. We'll have him come dismiss us in a word of prayer. God bless you, brother Andy. [Music] Have them dismiss in a word of prayer. and then you find saints and believers that are gathered, visitors, you'll be dismissed and then we'll um go over the financials. God bless you. God bless you. God bless your church. Let's pray. Dear God, what a privilege to be again in your house, oh Lord, and being molded, oh heavenly father, by your word. We thank you, heavenly father, for what you are doing. Oh among us Lord Jesus Christ the desire that you put in your servant oh God. Oh your angel to this church heavenly father. Oh so that we can get closer to you God. Oh I pray you open our eyes heavenly father to see what you are doing in in this end time. What you are doing right here heavenly father in this church. I pray you open our hearts, open our mind, heavenly father, to understand those things, heavenly father, place us, oh God, where we supposed to be, heavenly father, because every one of us, we recognize every one of us is special, heavenly father, before you, heavenly father. You have a place for us in your body, oh God. I pray you reveal to us what we supposed to do to glorify your name. Oh God, oh Lord Jesus Christ, as I was thinking, heavenly father, oh this morning, you are you are the one who open the eyes of the blind. Heavenly Father, I pray you open our eyes. Heavenly Father, may that may uh may we not be like the Pharisees saying like our eyes are we see clearly, but God, there's uh there's those that are blind spiritually and there's those that are blind naturally, but you are the same one who open the ones that are blind naturally and the ones that are blind spiritually. I pray take away all blind blindness among us. So Lord Jesus, oh help us to see. Lord Jesus Christ, take away the sins among us, all that so easily beset us. Heavenly Father, deliver us, oh Lord Jesus Christ, from the traps of the enemy. Oh God, open our eyes to see. Heavenly Father, oh dear God, may your work be done in our lives. Bless your church. Bless your pastor. Bless all officers of the church, young and old. Heavenly Father, bless us all. Oh, open our eyes. Have mercy upon us. Forgive our sins, our iniquities, our trespasses. Bless your name, dear God. Give us traveling mercy as we're going back home. May the angels of God encamp about about us because you say the angels of God are encamp about those who fear his name. May the fear of God be established in our hearts because you said the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. Bless dear God the visitors in our gates. Oh God, bless them especially. Oh God, help us to bring more Lord Jesus Christ because we know the end is near. Heavenly Father and you still the saving. You still the saving Lord. You are the savior of the world. Save those who are lost. Heal those who are sick. Oh dear God, comfort, comfort those who are afflicted. Oh God, bless your name. Give power to your church in Jesus name. Thank you brother Andy request those ballots are on my office if you want to get those right there and we'll sing that. Um John, why don't you come and sing that? Um if you have a song I was going to sing. I bless your name. I bless your name. Amen. You can come forward and I will shake your hand on your way out. All right. God bless you. In prisoners chain with bleeding stripes. All silence prayed that night. And in their pain [Music] they began to sing. Their chains were loosed and they were free. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I give you honor, give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Come midnight hour. If you should find your inner prison in your life. Reach out and praise defy those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you all and give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name is Jesus. Your name is Jesus. [Music]
