################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - Wednesday Evening 07-02-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   Wednesday Evening 07-02-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WKWX4NWGQSk
========================================

[Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Are you ready? [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Happy [Music] birthday. [Music] Now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could and sing that again together. He paid a debt. I owed a debt. Nothing. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. Welcome you all to Wednesday night's service. Good to see every one of you. God bless you. Those online as well, God bless them as well. Thank you for coming. It's a beautiful day. Very, very nice. It's been raining some certain parts of Tucson. Um but yes, it's a little cooler today than over 100 100 degree weather, right? Brother Scott, do you mind opening service with prayer, please? As he comes, I'd like to read a scripture for you guys. It's Psalms 92. It is a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord and to sing praises unto thy name, oh most high, to show forth thy loving kindness in the morning and thy faithfulness every night upon an instrument of 10 strings and upon the sultry upon the harp with a solemn sound. For thou, Lord, hast made me glad through thy work. I will triumph in the works of thy hands. Amen. Bless you. Thank you. Amen. Let's bow our heads, oh Lord, how you've made us glad, Father. Lord, we thank you once again. We're gathering together to hear your word tonight, Father. Lord, we ask that you just help us put everything of this week on the outside tonight, Lord. We come in here to bask in your glory, Father. Lord, we pray that everything that's said and done this evening, Father, be for your your honor and your glory, Lord. Lord, we just ask you bless this service, Lord. Bless the word as it comes forth, Lord, the musicians, the song leader tonight, Lord. It's all for you, Jesus. Lord, God, we just ask ask for your blessings once again, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you. You may be seated. If you may uh lower the volume on the monitor for me, please. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. You ready to see him? If you uh like to see him one of these days, one of these mornings, there's a blessed time that's coming, coming soon. It may be evening morning or at noon. The wedding of the bride united with the groom. We shall see the king when he come. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. When he comes, he's coming. hour. All hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Are you ready? Should the savior are called today? Lord Jesus sail or go away. [Music] My home is for the pure. The vows can never stay. We shall see the king first of all. We shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Oh, hell the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh my brother, are you ready for the call to crown your Savior, King, and Lord of all? The kingdoms of this world shall soon before him fall. We shall see the King when he comes. Oh, we shall see the King. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. All hail the blessed hour. We shall see the king. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, we shall see the king. We shall see the king. We shall see the king when he comes. He's coming in power. Oh, hell the blessed hour. We shall see the king when he comes. Oh, hallelujah. Knowing today is Wednesday night prayer service, we must tell him of everything. All of our sorrows, all of our cares. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I love my trials. I cannot bear these burdens alone. In my distress, he kindly will help me. He will ever loves me and cares for his. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] I cannot burdens alone. [Music] I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. [Music] Jesus can help me. Jesus. [Music] I must tell Jesus all my tr is a kind passion and he will never never let you down if I but ask He will deliver. Make of my trlesly toe. Oh, I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. I cannot burn. We need you, Lord. I must tell Jesus. I must tell Jesus. Jesus can help me. [Music] Jesus can help me. Sing that part again. Oh Jesus can help me. Jesus alone. Amen. We ought to magnify him. Praise his holy name. Let's sing that song. Psalms 34. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessing is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye say he'll give you everything. Remember, you ask him more, he'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. together. Glorify the Lord with all exalt his name forever. I sought the Lord and he answered me. He delivered me from every fear. Those who looked on him [Music] are radiant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. Magnify the Lord with you. Magnify you. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with come exalt his name forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never Make me praise my Christ. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] May our Let us bless the Lord. Let us bless the Lord. Every day night, never ending praise. May we all in Christ magnify the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Oh come and exalt his name together. Glorify God. Glory to God. Oh my God. His name forever. Oh magnify you Lord. Oh we come before you Lord God tonight we magnify your name. Oh hallelujah together glorify [Music] his name forever. Taste and see that the Lord is good. Everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, we magnify him. Praise him. We lift him. We lift him up. We lift his holy name. Lord, my heart can grow. So far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. You're still the same yesterday, today, and forever. Oh Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. Let's sit and stand him with all our hearts. Lord, I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Hello [Music] for the great I am the ris my comforter and Oh Lord, my heart desire [Music] is to be filled with spirit. [Music] My purpship you alone. Open up my soul to worship and adore and be a fragrance to offer to your throne. I lift your name, your holy name, the holy [Music] God and all you Great. I am the lamb. My God and King. Lord, I lift your name. [Music] My God and all him great I The reason my comfort and king. Oh hallelujah. Raise your hands to our children. Praise him. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord. You've been so good to us Lord God. You blessed us with rain. You bless us there with you, Lord God. Here you are, Lord. You are still amongst us, Lord God. Thank you for your blood, Lord God. Oh, hallelujah. There is none like him. There is none like you. There is none like you, Lord. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Oh, there is none like you. Oh, no one else can touch my heart like you. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like I worship you. Worship you alm mighty God. There is none like you. Oh hallelujah. I worship you. Oh praise of peace. That is what I long to do. I give you praise you Lord. Lord for you are my righteousness. I worship you almighty [Music] God. There is none. [Music] Oh there is not light. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like [Music] there is none. Amen. Let's just lift our hands and give God praise. Lord, we give you praise tonight, Lord. Thank you, Father. Holy Spirit worship. [Music] Glory to your name, oh God. Bless your name, oh God. [Music] Amen. There is none like you, Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless each of you. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord with you tonight. And we come to hear from the word of God and to worship him in spirit and in truth. So good to be back in the house of the Lord with each of you. And may God bless you richly. We're going into the adoption part four and it's a real beautiful teaching on the adoption and positionally placing the believer and how the Holy Spirit has a position for all of us and is trying to place us. Amen. And brother Brandham goes into this manifestation of the sons and daughters of God. I'm really looking forward to uh this portion of the message and it's uh for scripture reading. We'll go into Ephesians chapter 1. I trust this has been a blessing to you. Amen. as you go deeper into it. I've gone through this series, I think, every year for maybe three or four years. And uh it always brings out so much more every time I go through it. And it shows us where we're headed, what the church should be. In Ephesians chapter 1, the prophet of God is going to take, I believe, verse number eight, and we'll just read from verse seven, 8, nine. When you have that, you can say, "Amen." Amen. It says, "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace, wherein he hath abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known to us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure, which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on earth, even in him. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance, being predestinated according to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the counsel of his will. And we're so glad to be predestinated tonight. Amen. He's got a purpose for our life. And we see the great battle, the great showdown, the great test that we're in. I mean, the times have really changed. We're in a really a tremendous testing time. Those of us that follow the word, the message of the hour, and there's been a great attack against this message. It looks like it's against that church or that group, whatever, but they're really after this message because Satan knows that this is the truth. It is the word is it is the truth of God and we have to stand for it. Amen. And um this is where we get our instructions. This is where we get our vitamins. This is the workout room for us. This is how we get stronger so we can fight the enemy in this evil day. I'll tell you this, we won't be able to argue our way out of this. And it won't be an intellectual battle and it won't be me proving you wrong or them proving them right and scripture versus scripture, but it will be a revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ in your life. And that will keep you. Amen. Upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against that. Against what? The revelation. So Lord, give us a revelation tonight. Give it to my children. Give it to the adults. Give it to your pastor. Give it to the deacons. Give us a revelation of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Satan can't stand against that. Amen. So that's what we're looking for. for a little amen moment, a little anointing, a little reare to go there. Let's sing that [Music] composible only. [Music] Oh, holy, holy, all things are possible. All Let's make a confession tonight. Lord, I believe. And Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe [Music] that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Yes, Lord. I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. God bless you. You may be seated. Brother Brandham. Had rather a wonderful afternoon this afternoon talking to a famous doctor in Louisville, his nurse. She heard about the glorious things of the Lord and her father is a doctor and she came over and sat in my room most of the afternoon just come in dropped in wonderful person rather a little hard you know kind of a staunch real Presbyterian to start with but left with tears running down her cheeks. Amen. Oh God's got them just sticking everywhere. Doctor's offices and nurses. I don't believe there's a nurse in Norton's Infirmary Hospital that I didn't testify to about having the Holy Ghost and asked her if she was baptized in the name of Jesus. Amen. Not a doctor I come in contact with anywhere. Nothing. See, tell them about it. We ain't got much time, brother. No matter how hard it seems, just wait till you cross that last breath and see. Then you wish you had done it. Yes, sir. Don't wait till that time. Let's do it right now. This is the hour. Oh, they might disagree and human fuss a little about it, but they don't mean it. They really don't mean it. They they they're all right. And they go to fussing at you. Just just remember they they don't really mean it. They don't mean it. They just maybe been taught something and they just hang to that so you you can see their idea. Don't fuss with them. Don't fuss with no one, but just love them right into it and pray for them. Well, I think we got down to the ninth verse. I'm not sure. That's a long ways from the third chapter, isn't it? But oh, it's honey in the rock to me. Yes. We were speaking now, remember? So, we can get a little background again. And now, Brother Neville, you you pull me a little bit now if I fail to see the time getting away so I can have prayer for the sick. We want to get every little speck that we can. And tonight I want an alder call. Amen. Uh ending up on this which I may be able just to read the rest of it. But the purpose of this is seeing your position in Christ. seeing that it's not something that you just stumbled into or something that might have you merited somewhere, but it's what God did for you himself. Not that you were so good that you went to a church one night that some poor brother led you up to the altar. It wasn't that. It was God before the foundation of the world predestinated you eternal life. When you get there that day, no wonder the 40 24 elders laid off their crowns. Everybody laid down their crowns. Everyone fell on the faces. They didn't have one thing they could say. No preacher, no elder, no nothing. All praise to the lamb. Amen. God will gather in him all things at that day. or if we could ever know and recognize who that was, who they crucified. Now on the we start at the eth verse to get a little background. Wherein he has abounded towards us in all wisdom and prudence, having made known unto us the mystery of his will, the mysteries of his will. And remember how we hung on that? How many were here this morning? Let's see how we stuck on that. The mystery of his will. Now, it is not just a little thing. Then it's a mystery. God's will is a mystery. And each man has to seek out the will of God for his or herself. God's mystery. How do we find out Paul was known to him? He said he didn't confer with any man. no flesh and blood. He went to no school, no seminary. He had nothing to do with it. But he it was revealed to him by Jesus Christ. Amen. Who met him on the road to Damascus in a a light like a pillar of fire and it called him and he went to Arabia and there dwelt three years. Oh, don't you imagine that was some time, brother. Amen. three years Paul down there in Arabia ridden him a little somewhere walking up and down the floor with all the old scrolls. They didn't have the new ones. Paul wrote them mostly riding these old scrolls. How that God at the beginning predestinated us unto eternal life. How that he would send Jesus that through this sacrifice we would all have a right to the tree of life. Those who he forneew, he called. Those who he called, he has already justified. Those who he justified, he has already glorified. God since the beginning of the world predestinated us to the adoption of sons. Now the whole creation groaning, waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Oh, I'd imagine Paul had a wonderful time. I'd like to have been there with him. Wouldn't you? Amen. Now, he said he made known to us the mystery. Get the Holy Spirit on you sometime and start running that and just watch how it goes. This afternoon, I had all about 30 minutes to study just to look the lesson over. Maybe not I I'll say half of that, 15 minutes between the times. And I got to running and I thought the mystery, how mysterious. And the scripture packed me back into the Old Testament. Then back over into the New Testament, tied something together. See the mystery of his coming, the mystery of his will, the mystery of the setting together. Remember, it cannot be taught in any seminary. It's a mystery. You cannot know it by education, by theology. It's a mystery that's been hidden since the foundation of the world. Waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. Tell me, my brother, tell me, my sister, when was the time that the sons of God was ever to be manifested outside of this time now? When was there ever a time in history there's a manifest the time to deliver all nature nature the nature itself is groaning waiting for the time of the manifestation why before the atonement was made before the holy ghost was ever poured out before all the all the old testament on down there there couldn't have been manifestations it had to wait till this time now all things has been brought coming shaping up to a headstone to the manifestations of sons of God coming back and the spirit of God coming into these men so perfectly until their ministry will be so close like Christ to little John him and his church together. How many ever studied the history of the pyrams? I guess maybe one lady here raise your hand. All right. God wrote three Bibles. One of them was the zodiac in the skies. That's the first Bible. Man was to look up to realize that God is from above. Follow the zodiac. Do you ever study it? It even gives every age. Even the cancer age. It gives the beginning, the fir the birth of Christ. What is the first figure in the zodiac? the virgin. What's the last figure? Leo, the lion, the first coming and the second coming of Christ. All of it is written in there. Then the next Bible was written was in stone called pyramids. God wrote in the pyramids. If you study them, watch the ancient histories and wars how they were built before the Andolubian destruction. The third was wrote on paper, the Bible, for the great smart intellectual world to come. Now, as God has moved down through the age, we're at Leo the line. We're at the capping of the pyramid. We're in the book of the Revelations at the last chapter. Science says we're three minutes before midnight. Oh, think of where we're at. And notice, let's take the pyramid. It's easy. It runs kind of like in a triangle. When we were down here, beginning at the early age of the church at the Reformation in Luther's time, just a man to say he was a Christian either meant his life or death. They kill him for even saying he's a Christian. Therefore, to go through persecution, every age through every time there's been persecution. All that live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution. In the age of Luther, it was horrible to say a Lutheran. He was considered a fanatic and could be put to death. Many times they killed him at stakes, burn them, and everything else for Lutheran. Then the church narrowed as like the pyramid. It come into another step of grace which was sanctification. Wesley's time when he protested the Anglican church taught sanctification. It come into the minority again. Then they were called a bunch of fanatics. How many was Methodist or used to be or was once connected with the Methodist church? Half of you. Did you know the Methodist church all almost had the Holy Ghost one time? Amen. I've went to Methodist churches, see them fall on the floor and they throw water and face and phantom of the fan. Keep the Holy Ghost from coming on them. That's right. Now that's the truth. Down the hills of Kentucky where we had Methodists. You guys are church joiners. I hear we had Methodists back there and Baptist. We get out the order and beat one another in the back till we got something. We come through. We live different after that. But you just come up, put your name on the book and say, "I'm a Methodist." and get the salt shaker and sprinkle a little water on you and that's all of it. Go on out, wear shorts, makeup, run the horse races, bet gamble, play slot machines, everything else. Still good Methodist. That's not Methodist. That's just church joiners. That's right. Baptist the same way. Presbyterian on down the same way. As David Duplicitus said, grandchildren. God don't have any grandchildren. God never had a grandchild. He's got sons but no grandsons. Right? You and people that come into the Methodist church or Pentecostal church or Baptist church because your mother and father was Pentecostal or Baptist and you're grandson. They were sons. You're grandson thing. So God don't have anything like that. The church has a lot of that but not but not the not the not God doesn't. Now notice these on down to it comes down now as it becomes to the minority the church the Pentecostal age come in. That certainly cut off a lot of bumps. Then it what did it do? It just left the Methodist and Lutheran on behind. Now the Holy Spirit's moved right on away from the Pentecostal age. What did they do? They organized made themselves we are the assemblies of God. We are the oneness. We are the tuneness. We are the church of God. We are the this or that. You don't belong. You can't get into heaven unless you got your name on our book. Oh, such nonsense. I don't care if you're Baptist, Methodist, Presbyterian. You put your name on the book of life when God puts it on there. If you were predestinated, the eternal life, God will call you some way, somehow, some way or another. He sure will. All the Father has given me will come to me. Amen. Amen. No matter what church you belong to, that has nothing to do with. But the denomination will never do one thing to you, but might hinder you a lot from going on with God, but it'll it'll never do nothing else. That's right. Congregate you together with a bunch of believers and unbelievers. Of course, you hit that everywhere you go. They even had that in heaven. So, it's all right. But you're looking to your denomination. Look to Jesus. Amen. He's the one to look to. Now, as we're coming right down to the How many I'll be this woman here, raise your hand that you'd study the pyramids. You know, the pyramid never was capped, was it? Never did have a capstone put on it. They never couldn't even find it. They don't know what ever happened to it. Why? Why was the capstone put on the headstone, the top of it? Because he was rejected when he come. He was a rejected stone. That's right. But it will be kept. That's right. And then those stones that fit around that head stone will have to be stones that'll be so completely like that stone that'll fit it joint. And every every where the pyramid is so perfect you can't run a razor blade between them where them stones go together. Such beautiful masonry. Some of them would weigh hundreds of tons up in the air and so perfectly set together. That's why God's bringing his church. Yes, we are fitly joined together. Amen. One heart and one accord. Now, somebody say, "Well, the Lutheran back there had nothing." Don't you believe it? The Lutheran will come forth in the resurrection just the same as the rest will come forth in the resurrection. Baptist, Presbyterians, and all of God's children will come forth in that resurrection. That's the reason today people say, "Oh, well, there'll be a sweeping revival that'll go out here and save a 100 million Pentecostals that'll all get saved and that'll be the rapture." You're mistaken. That rapture will be hundreds of thousands. That's right. But there'll be a made up 6,000 years of salvation, too. 6,000 years back. Man walks in the light as the light comes to him. He crosses the bridges when he comes to them. Now, if he refuses it, then he's left in darkness. But if he keeps moving on, now notice, then the coming of the Lord Jesus is so close at hand until the spirit from way down in here, just barely justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Spirit, and now right into the time of the coming of the headstone. The church has got to be so perfectly like Christ until Christ and the church can unite together. The same spirit. And if the spirit of Christ is in you, it makes you live the life of Christ, act the life of Christ, do the works of Christ. He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Jesus said that. See, now we going to have we got a ministry coming. It's just exactly like the life of Christ. Amen. What does that ministry identify? The coming of the Lord. Look at it in the world today. Watch what Kruch's saying and all these other great things and great worldwide conflict right at hand at any time could go to power at any second. That's right. And if that we know that that's closed, any sensible person can read in a newspaper or listen to a radio or know that that is closed. Well, remember Christ comes for his church before that happens. Amen. So, how close is the coming of the Lord Jesus? Maybe before this meeting ends tonight. We are at the end time. Certainly true. Watch the church as it's come as it moved. Just take it in your own mind. You historians to study history. Look at the Lutheran church under justification coming just freshly from Catholicism. Look at it moving. Now look at Wesley coming a little closer in the sanctification weaving into the scriptures. Look at right in between the Wesley. Then the next thing coming was the Pentecostal age. I'm the Pentecostal age with the restoration of the gifts, the spiritual gifts. Now look at the age coming now right up to the headstone. Amen. See what I mean? The coming of the Lord, the Magno and God and all creations is waiting for the church to positionally find its place. trouble day I pretty much everyone I met I was rolled out was taking I have to have a physical examination you know for going overseas you missionaries and so forth and all that and when I was taking examination they brought me out of the room there been drinking that old looked to me like do a meal or something and I I'd been drinking it and come out of there sit down wait for a half hour to see whether it went out of my stomach or not I look across there and there's some little woman look like she's just about to die she's So little legs and little arms and I kept moving down from this man to that man, this man to that man, getting closer to her till I got down to where she was. She looked like poor old thing is about to die. I got up close. I said, "Pardon me, madam." She said, "How do you do?" Oh, she was so sick. And I said, "What's wrong?" She said, "I went to Tucson to visit my daughter. I got sick. They can't find what's right." I said, "One thing I want to ask you." I said, "I'm a gospel preacher. Are you a Christian? Are you ready to go if that hour shall come? And she said,"I belong to such and such a church." I said, "That wasn't the question I asked you." Are you a Christian filled with God's spirit and ready to go when he calls you? The woman didn't even know what I was talking about. See? Oh, what a pitiful sight the world is in. Now make known unto us the mysteries of his will. The coming of Let me read you something. I was reading. Let's turn over now to the mystery of his will. Let's turn to Hebrews here just a minute. The seventh chapter of Hebrews, I believe it is. I'd like to read you something that would just make you feel so good when we think we're sitting together in heavenly places. Hebrews the 7th chapter. For this Melzdc, now watch, king of Salem, priest of the most high God. What's a mystery now? Here's a mystery. Watch this. Who is this fella? Making knowing the mystery of his will. This MelzDC, I'm waiting for everybody here. The Bible still turning. Hebrews 7th chapter Paul speaking same man of Galatians for this Melzdc king of Salem priest of the most high God met Abraham returning from the slaughter of the kings and blessed him to whom also Abraham gave a part tenth part of all first being interpretation by interpretation king of righteousness after that king of Salem. Who is this fellow which is king of peace without father without mother without descent having neither beginning of days or ending of life. Who was this man? Who was he? No, he never had a father. He never had a mother. He never had when he began and never did have a time to ever die. Amen. He met Abraham coming from the slaughter of the kings. What was he doing? He went out to get Lot his lost brother to bring him back. And he slaughtered the kings which them kings and slaughtered I believe 10 or 15 kings in their kingdoms. But Abraham armed his servants and went after him, separated himself by night. See, when he caught him in the night time, now brethren, we're working in the darkness now. The only light we have is the gospel light, but he separated himself and called him and brought him back and on his road back after the battle was over. Let's go to Genesis 14 just a minute to get the story more planer. Let's go over here in Genesis for I believe 14. Genesis 14. Yes. Let's take Genesis 14 uh 18 begin. Let's start just a little before that. Let's start. Yeah. The 18th verse. Genesis 14:18 and Melazedc now that's Abraham returning now from the slaughter of the kings came back on his road back bringing back Lot all the people that they had taken away all like David who went and got the what did David do took the little slingshot went out and grabbed this little lamb out of the lion's mouth think of a slingshot going after a lamb who in the world would do that. Tell me what man in your would do it. Rise up your hand. I'll tell you right quick, you're wrong. You didn't see me put mine up. No, I wouldn't go after him as a 30 six Harley. But he went after him with a slingshot, a little piece of leather length with two strings on it, winding around because and when it come time for Goliath to make his boast, he went out to Goliath and he said, "The God of heaven has let me deliver a lamb out of the mouth of the lion, out of the mouth of the bear." He knew it was a slingshot. It was the power of God that went with him. Amen. He was the one that brought that lamb back. That's what we say today. God's got David sticking around. Amen. Yes, sir. That's feeding father's sheep. And once in a while, a tumor will come or a cancer will come or something and jump out of the hands of the doctor. That won't stop that David. He'll go right on out there after that fella with a little slingshot of ask anything in my name, it shall be given. I don't care. Doctors can laugh and everybody else can make fun of him. me a boy after you anyhow. Amen. Bringing that sheep back to the foe. Yes, sir. He's God's child. Take your hand off of him. Knock this lion down. Then the lion rose up. He grabbed him by the beard and killed him. A little bitty ruddy boy. Probably weigh 80 or 90 pounds. Watch me mazec the king of Salem, which is king of peace, which actually Salem laid across the hill. It's the king of Jerusalem. Who it was? Yes, that's exactly who it was. King of Jerusalem, which Jerusalem was first called Salem, which was peace. That was Jerusalem first before it was called Jerusalem. He was the king of Jerusalem. He was a king of righteousness, the king of peace, the king of Salem. He had no father. He had no mother. He had no beginning of days. He had no ending of life. He had no descent. Amen. Who is this fella? Watch him. After the battle was over, after the victory was won, watch what he said. And Melzdc 18th verse 14th chapter Genesis. And Melzdc, king of Salem, brought forth bread and wine. And he was the priest of the most high God. And he blessed him and said, "Blessed be Abram of the most high God, processor of heavens and earth. And blessed be the most high God, which has delivered thine enemies into thy hand." And he gave him a tenth of all. Let's read a little farther. And the king of Sodom said unto Abraham, "Give me the persons and take the goods for thyself." And Abram said unto the king of Sodom, I have lifted up my hand unto the Lord, the most high God, the possessor of heavens and earth. Listen how he abbreviated that. how he given to him that I will not take from a thread even to a shoe latch and that I will not take anything not anything that may say and not of thine lest thou should say I made Abram rich save only that which the young man eat. Notice this Melchazdc as soon as he met Abraham coming from the slaughter of the kings. The mystery of God now being made known. Who was he? Nobody. They can't find any history of him because he didn't have any father. He didn't have any mother. Amen. He never had any time. He began. He never had any time he'd ever die. Amen. Amen. So ever who he was is still alive. He never did have a beginning. So he couldn't have been nobody else but llo Elohim, self-existence, self-abiding. Almighty God, Jesus had a father. Jesus had a mother. Jesus had a beginning of days. Jesus had an ending of earthly life. But this man had neither father nor mother. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. No father nor mother. Jesus had both father and mother. Amen. This man had neither father. Amen. And what did he do after the battle is over? After Abraham had took his position. After the church takes its position, hallelujah, we're called to the adoption of sons. Oh, amen. By the Holy Spirit, and when each man takes his position, what God has called him to do and stand to the end of the road. Amen. Amen. Going after the lost. First, Paul takes all the scar out of it. Now, if you're called, if you're not just worked up in your mind with some kind of theology, if you're really born of the spirit, then God predestinated you before the foundation will put your name on the lamb's book of life. And now we come together to set in heavenly places in Christ Jesus, a holy people, a holy nation, a peculiar people, royal priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifices unto God. That is the fruits of our lips giving praise to his name. Bless the Lord. People come and say, "That people are crazy." Sure they are. The wisdom of God is foolish to man. The wisdom of man is foolish to God. The contrary one to the other. But a real spiritfilled church full of power of God sitting together in heavenly places offering spiritual sacrifices, praises of God, the Holy Spirit moving among them, discerning sin and calling out the things that's among them. It's wrong, straightened out, making it devil because why? Always in the presence of God is that bloody sacrifice. Amen. I remember we went through it this morning. You wasn't saved by the blood. You're kept saved by the blood. But you were saved by grace through faith, believing it. God knocked at your heart because he predestinated you. You looked up and believed it, accepted it. Now, the blood makes an atonement for your sins. Remember I said God does not condemn a sinner for sinning. He's a sinner to begin with. He condemns a Christian for sinning and then because he has condemning Christ tuck our condemnation. So there's no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Amen. And if you do anything wrong that isn't willfully. You don't sin willfully. A man that sins willfully goes out willfully sins never come into that body yet. Amen. But a man that's once in there, he's dead and his life is hidden. God through Christ, sealed by the Holy Ghost, and the devil can't even find him. He's so far back in there. He'll have to come out of there before the devil can ever get him. For you are dead. Amen. Tell a dead man he's a hypocrite and see what happens. Kick him on the side and say, "You old hypocrite, you he'll not say a word." That's right. He'll just lay there. And a man that's dead in Christ, you can call him hypocrite, call him anything you want to. He'll never rise up about it. Amen. If anything, you sit on somewhere and pray for you. That's right. But oh, some of them is very much alive. That's what I think about. We're supposed to bury dead people. Amen. Damn. It's dead in Christ. We bury them in water. Sometimes we bury too many people. It's alive. Too much malice and strife and it's too much in the church. Help us, Jesus. But we can't separate that that God does. He knows his people. He knows his sheep. He knows every voice. He knows his children. He knows who he can call out. He knows who he's predestinated. He knows who he's given these things to. What he's making himself known to, how he God can put confidence in his children on what to do, knowing that they will do it. Exactly. You believe God does that? Amen. Why? Satan said to to Job one day said to God one day, "Yeah, you got a servant." God said, "There's none in the earth like him. He's a perfect man." Amen. Had confidence in him. Satan said, "Oh yes, he's got everything easy. Let me have him little while I make him cuss you to your face." He said, "It's your hands, but don't you take his life." Amen. And he done everything but take his life. But oh, Job and stood out. What did he do? Did he cuss God when God tuck his children when he done all these evil things to him and everything? Job didn't question. He fell on his face and worshiped. Hallelujah. Cuz the Lord gave and the Lord taken away. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. There you are. God know his trust in Job. God knows how much he can trust you. He knows how much he can trust me. But what we're speaking of now is placing this child. Now when the Bible when the battle is all over, when everything is finished, then what is the next thing we do? What is the thing we do after the battle is over? Did you know what we do? We meet Melzdc. Amen. Let's turn uh Matthew 16:16 right quick. See if that's right or not. St. Matthew 16th chapter and 16th verse. I'm pretty sure that's right. Matthew 16:16. Matthew 6. No, that's wrong. Couldn't be that close. 26:26. Oh, 16. Here he's talking to sign people. Pardon me. I didn't mean to say that. 2626. Cause just last supper. That's what I'm trying to get to you. Matthew the 26th chapter. And this 26th verse, now we y here we are at the last supper. And as they were eating, Jesus took bread and blessed it and break it and gave it to his disciples and said, "Take and eat. This is my body." And he took the cup and gave thanks and gave it to them, saying, "Drink ye all of it, for this is my blood of the new testament, for which is shed for many, for the remission of sins." S I N sins. Christians, who does things wrong? All right. What? But listen, 29th verse, I say unto you, I will not drink henceforth of the fruit of the vine until that day when I drink it and do with you in my father's kingdom. Amen. Hallelujah. What the same thing Melzdc did after Abraham had got his position, set his men in order and won the battle and he come home and Melzdc come out with bread and wine. Amen. After the battle's over, then we'll eat the wedding supper with the Lord Jesus in the new world. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. All right. The mysteries of his will according to his good pleasure. Back over now again in Ephesians 9. Which he has purposed in himself. That in the dispensation of the fullness of time. Remember that we just passed over it. Ephesians first chapter 10th verse. that in the dispensation of the fullness of time. Now we learned that the fullness of time is waiting for what? The fullness of all time. The time that when sin will cease. A time when death will cease. A time when sickness will cease. A time when sin will cease. A time when all of the perversions that perverted things that the devil has perverted will cease. when time itself shall cease. Watch that in the denment station of the fullness of time, that he might gather in one all things in Christ, both which are in heaven and which are on the earth, even in him, together all things through Christ. As I said this morning, all the little nuggets that we find, these great little things, you can polish them in Genesis, you can polish them in Exodus, you can polish them in Leviticus and bring them through and in Revelations, they'll end up being Jesus. You take Joseph, you take Abraham, you take Isaac, you take Jacob, you take David, you take any of those nuggets, those men of God, and see if you don't see Jesus Christ displayed in each one of them. Amen. Amen. That he might gather all things into one Christ Jesus. Now a little farther now. Now the 11th verse. In whom also we have obtained an inheritance. Oh, an inheritance. Somebody has to leave you something to inherit it. Is that right? Amen. An inheritance. What inheritance do we have? What inheritance did I have? I didn't have any. But God left me an inheritance when he put my name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Oh, you say now wait a minute, brother. Jesus did that when he died for you. No, he never. Jesus come to purchase that inheritance for me. Read the very next ver very next line. in whom we also have obtain a par obtained an inheritance being predestinated. Amen. According to the purpose of him who workketh all things after the council of his own good will. Amen. God before the foundation of the world as we've tuck it down through the lesson you people how we seen God was self-existence how that in him was love in him was to be God there was nothing to worship him in him was to be a father he was by himself in him was to be a savior nothing lost in him was to be a healer that's the attributes of him there was nothing there so his own self his own good counsel produce these things that he might through this one man Christ Jesus gather all together again oh I has not seen ears not no wonder it's a mysterious thing look has predestinated us unto this inheritance if I'm a right inheritance of something if God is knocking my heart and saying, William Brandham, I called you a long time ago before the foundation of the world to preach the gospel. I have an inheritance, an inheritance of eternal life. Now, God sent Jesus to make that inheritance real to me because there was nothing I could do to to inherit it. Amen. Amen. It was blank. It was valid. Amen. There's nothing I could do. But in the fullness of time, God standing in his own good time, Jesus the lamb slain from the foundation of the world, his blood was shed that I might go to my inheritance. Amen. To be what? What inheritance? The sunship. Amen. To be a son of God. Amen. And now this may just choke you to death, but did you know that men that are sons of God are amateur gods? How many ever know that? How many knows that Jesus said so? Amen. The Bible Jesus said, "Did not your law say itself that you are gods?" Amen. Amen. And if you call them gods, which God said in Genesis 2, that they were gods because they were had full domain over the dominion of the world. He gave him dominion over all things. And he lost his godship. He lost his sunship. He lost his domain. And Satan took it over. But rather, Amen. We're waiting for the manifestations [Music] of the sons of God who will come back and take over again. Amen. Amen. Waiting for the fullness of time when the pyramid gets up to the top when the full sons of God will be manifested. When the power of God will walk out. Hallelujah. I will take every power that Satan's got away from me. Yes, sir. Belongs to me. Amen. Amen. He's the logist of God. That is true. That was the son of God. Then he made man that little God. And he said, "If they call those who the word of God came to, the prophets, if they call them gods, who the word of God came to," and God said so himself that they were gods. He told Moses, "I made you a god." And made Aaron your prophet. Amen. Amen. Amen. I may act like a religious crank, but I'm not. Oh, when your eyes can come open and see those things. All right. He made man a god. A god in his domain. And his domain goes from sea to sea, from shore to shore. Lord, he has a control of it. And when Jesus came being the one God without sin, he proved it. When the winds blowed, he said, "Peace be still." Amen. And when the trees, no man eat from thee, verily I say unto you, you that's little gods, if you'll say to this mountain, be moved, and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you've said will come to pass, you can have what you've said. Amen. Amen. Go right back to Genesis to the original. What is it now? The world and nature is groaning, crying, everything's a moving what? For the manifestation of the sons of God. When true sons, born sons, fil sons speak into the word is that I believe we're on the border of it right now. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Say to this mountain, "Let it be so." Brother, I I desire so and so a certain thing done. I'm a believer in Jesus Christ. I give it to you in the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. There's a manifestation. Yes. Oh, brother, my crops are burning up out there. I haven't had any rain. I'll send your rain in the name of the Lord now. Come. Amen. Oh, waiting, groaning, all nature. Amen. Waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. God orained it at the beginning. He gave man the domain. He gave Jesus Christ that Jesus gave you the name with this assurance. Ask the father anything in my name and I'll do it. Amen. Oh, brother Palmer. Waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. the position the church as I said the book of Ephesians is the book of Joshua in Joshua placing the people where they belong now if they wouldn't stand still they put Ephraim here were on Manasses land and this come back and fuss and steward how they ever going to get along when one said I'm a Baptist I'm a Methodist I'm a Pentecostal I'm one this I'm two this I'm so how you going to do it stand still Yeah. God's will to place his church. Amen. Sons and daughters of God. Yes. God, let me live to see it. It's my prayer. So close that I can just feel it with my hands. Almost looking just right there. That's what I've longed to see. Waiting for the time we walk down the street. There lays a laying there from his mother's womb. Silver and gold have I none. Oh, waiting for the manifestations of the sons of God. Hallelujah. When God will make himself known. When they'll stop sickness. They'll stop cancer. They'll stop diseases. You think cancer is something? The Bible said there's coming a time when man will rot right in their flesh into buzzers. They'll eat off their carcasses before they even die. Cancer is a toothache to what's coming. But remember that horrible thing was forbidden in that day to touch those who had the seal of God. That's what we're striving for now. To get in and be positionally placed into the kingdom of God before this horrible plagues strike. Oh, how good the dispensation of time, fullness of time, the inheritance in whom we also obtain inheritance being predestinated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank God for his word tonight. That's so so good. It really gives us something to look forward to and believe up to. Believe that with all my heart that um cancer and sickness, of course, he's not talking about the millennium. says there won't be that he's talking about here on this side manifestation of the sons and the daughters of God. I want to find my place in there. Don't you? I want the Holy Spirit to let my spirit stay put, stand still so God can place me positionally where he wants me. Amen. God bless you richly. I missed those um requests, but we want to remember um of course, Brother Noriega, he's 82 years old. I think he'll be 83 in August. Also, brother uh uh Roland McGraw, he's 85 and he'll be 86 in August as well. We'll keep them in prayer. Um Sister Lorie Snow is coming back. I want to pray that the Lord will completely restore her back and give her strength as she's as she travels back. There was one more, Brother Joe, Sister Chris Green. The Lord will touch her and her body. She's low on her soul. Yes. The Lord will touch her, touch my wife Sharon, and um she's not feeling too well. and um and that um the Lord would just bless each and every one of us. Is there anyone that has a request you'd like to make known tonight? Amen. Spoken request. Let's all stand to our feet and um trust the Lord. Amen. What's that play? There's no secret what God can do. Let's sing that. There is no [Music] what God can do. [Music] What he's done for others, [Music] he'll do for you. It's wide open. [Music] He'll pardon you. It is no secret what God can do. One more time. It is no secret. It is no secret what God can do. What he's done for others, he knows for you. [Music] was what I heard you. It is no secret what God can do. Amen. I I have a prayer request and that would be I want to read a scripture in Acts chapter I think it's 17. [Music] Oh my. Let's see. I can find it here. Yes. Acts 17 and verse number 11 and 12. Of course, this is the Apostle Paul going around in his missionary journey. And if we can get that on the screen, that would be good. Thank you. The scripture says these were more noble than those in Thessalonica in that they received the word with all readiness of mind and search the scriptures daily whether those things were so. Therefore many of them believed also honorable women which were Greeks and of men not a few. And that's my desire that I that you would be more noble and that you would take a series like this and the message says that we hear the prophet brings to us and then we would with all readiness of mind and receive it with all of our heart. And that's my prayer for each of you. That God will settle us deeper into his word, deeper into a revelation, and that God will pour out his Holy Spirit upon each and every one of us from our young ones all the way up to the oldest ones. Amen. That's my prayer. That's a request that I have for this church, for my own life and for your life as well. Amen. So, let us pray. God bless you. You can come forward and pray. You can pray right at your seat. Bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. Heat. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Let's sing that song. Uh, once my heart and soul was fettered by the binding chains of sin. We'll sing that. Then I'll have Zach come and maybe sing one or two and close the service for us. Amen. Let's How many caught that in the message tonight where brother Random says when you get the Holy Spirit on you take that word mystery and search it. So just a reminder there I think that'll be a blessing to you. Let's see what number that is. [Music] Once my heart and soul were fed better by the binding chain of sin, [Music] but the great man of murder said, Be free to worship him. Glory. Singing glory. Glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be his holy name. Hallelujah. For he's the great evacuator. And that's the song of the redeemer. [Music] And like a lost lamb. I was ready. I was all so helpless and alone. [Music] But the sinking shepherd found. Aren't you glad about it? And he led me to my father's home. Let's stand and sing that. I'm singing glory glory hallelujah. [Music] Blessed be his holy name. Oh, he the great king. That's the song of the redeemed. Let's hear the third verse after. Oh, I'm so thankful for his mercy and his grace that lifted me. [Music] He alone has made me worthy. Now I'm free to worship him. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. [Music] Oh, he is the great man of faith. [Music] That's the song of the redeemed. Hallelujah. He's our great emancipator. He's our father. He's our brother, our mother, and he's our friend. What a friend we have in Jesus. Right. Let's sing the key of F, sister. What a friend we have in Jesus. All our sins and griefs to bear. What a privilege to carry [Music] everything. God in pray. [Music] Oh, what peace we ofen forit. for what pain we bear. [Music] All because we do not care. [Music] Oh, take it, take it to heart in prayer. [Music] Oh trials and temp [Music] trouble anywhere. [Music] We should never be discouraged. Why take it to the Lord? He has our answers. Can we find our friends so faithful [Music] who with all our sorrow shares? Oh Jesus knows our every [Music] take it to the Lord in prayer. Are we weak? Are we weak and heavy laden? [Music] Come with the load of care. Preious Savior, you are right with you. Take it to the Lord and pray. [Music] My friends despise forsake me [Music] in prayer. [Music] a soulless day. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless the Lord. Oh, bless the Lord, [Music] oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy, [Music] holy name. Oh star, oh my soul and all that within me. Bless him, oh Lord, for he has done great things. done great. Oh, he has done great things. Oh, he has done great things. [Music] He has done great things. Thank you, Lord God. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. Thank you, Jesus. He has done great things. [Music] Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, [Music] oh my soul. And God will be blessed. [Music] Oh, bless. [Music] Oh my soul and all that. Bless. [Music] Oh, thank you, Lord God. Thank you, Jesus. Brother Miguel, can you please close service in prayer? Oh, he's been so good to us. Very good to us. We can't thank him enough. In the Bible, the scripture said to be happy, be good and happy that we are thanking him. [Music] Psalms 27. I just want to read this. If you guys close your your eyes, I had fainted unless I had unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living. Wait on the Lord. Be of good courage and he shall strengthen thy heart. Wait, I say on the Lord. Dear God of heaven, give thanks for this. The morning that you've given us, the evening that you've given us to close once again this day, Lord, with the a praise and off a praise of offering, Lord Jesus, we give you thanks for the blood, like brother Ram says that's keeping us, Lord. We we don't remember much, oh Lord God. your minds. But Lord, that you would just bring your shakina glory, Lord, your holiness. And you look at through that precious blood, Lord, our desire is to be like you, Lord Jesus. And we pray that you can hear our cry, Lord Jesus. That you can incline your holy ear unto our lips and to our desires of our hearts, Lord God. We help us Lord as we we we said our prayers Lord Jesus and we believe our prayers Lord God. We doubted our doubts Lord God and we come and we boldly come to you Lord Jesus. We just give you thanks once again Lord God. Dismiss us from this building Lord but not from one another Lord. Keep us in one accord into in your holiness Lord Jesus. We give you thanks once again and for the thank you again for the healing of our friends and the the healings of those that are out in the world, Lord Jesus, seeking you, Lord Jesus. And for those that are desiring now that we don't even know, Lord God, those the the abomination of desolation of this wicked town that we live in, Lord, we give you thanks that you've given us the voice in this building, the voice, Lord Jesus, of the time of Revelation 10:7. We give thanks once again, Lord. Bless us with your presence always as we are dismissed in the name Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen. Well, thank you all for coming on Wednesday night and may God bless you. You all are dismissed. Thank you, Jesus. Shout to the Lord. My Jesus, my Savior, Lord, there is none like you. [Music] All of my days I want to pray for the wonders of your mighty love. [Music] by your first my shelter. Tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am. Oh never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing in power and majesty. Praise to the king. Be mountains bow down and the sea will war at the sound. of your name. Oh, your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hand. Forever I love you forever. myself. Nothing compares to the promise I have in you. My Jesus, my Lord, there is none like you. All of my names. I want you to praise you, Lord. of your mighty love. [Music] My comfort, my shelter, coward and reuge and strength. Let every breath all that I am never cease to worship [Music] you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. The crown and majesty praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the sea will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the words of yours. We've seen it over. Thank you. The miracles you have. Thank you. Oh, nothing compares to the promise I have made you. Oh, [Music] hey. [Music] Oh, [Music] the word. [Music] Happy birthday. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
