################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-06 - Sunday PM 01-05-25 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-06
Title:   Sunday PM 01-05-25
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VSQCnQq0d2g
========================================

Heat. Heat. Surely goodness, surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days, all the days of [Music] alive. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days all the days of my life. And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I shall feast at the table spread for me. Well, surely goodness and mercy will follow me. All the days, all the days of my life. Amen. Welcome everyone back this evening. We're so glad to have each of you with us once again. If you'll stand with me, those streaming from home and those in Phoenix, God bless you this evening. Brother Trevor, could I pull on you to open in a word of prayer? [Music] God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, thank you Lord so much, Father, for Lord, the opportunity to come into this house and to just worship you, Lord, and draw closer to you. What a pleasure, Lord. And Lord, we just want to thank you so much that we know who you are and we have that revelation, Lord. and don't let it become common to us, Lord. And I ask that you just move in this service, Lord, in the word that's brought forth. Let us just feast on what you have for us, Lord, and to just have a complete understanding of what's brought forth. We love you so much, Lord, and just pray for your will in the service in Jesus name. Amen. And I shall dwell, oh I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever. I shall feast at the table spread for me. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days all the days of my life. Amen. Let's go to Eflat. What a fellowship. What a joy divine. What a fellowship. What a joy divine in all everlasting arms. What a blessedness. What a peace is mine. In all the everlasting arms I'm leaning, leading safe and secure from all harm. Leading leading in all the everlasting arms. How sweet to all in this pilgrim way in all the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright the path grows from day to day. Breathe in on the everlasting arms. I'm leading, leading safe and secure from all alarm. Leading, leading, leading in all the everlasting arms. Now what have I to dread? What have I to fear? Hold in on the everlasting arms. I have a blessing peace with my Lord so dear. Lead in all the everlasting arms. Leading, leading, safe and secure from all alarm. Leading, leaning, leading on the everlasting arms. Yes, I'm leaning, leading, safe and secure from all alarm. [Music] Leading, leading, leading on the everlasting arms. Oh, I'm so glad Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. I once was lost in sin, then Jesus rescued me. I once was lost in sin, but Jesus rescued me. I once was lost in sin, but Jesus rescued me. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus rescued me. I'm on my way to heaven, shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven and shouting victory. I'm on my way to heaven. I'm shouting victory. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Now I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Amen. Let's give our Lord a hand of praise this morning, this evening. You may be seated. Let's go to the key of C. Oh, I have decided. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I won't turn back. No turning back. The cross before me, the world behind me. The cross before me, the world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. No turning back. No turning back. Take this whole world. You take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Oh, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. Just take this whole world, but give me Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Go over me and my house. Me and my house will follow Jesus. Yes. Me and my house will follow Jesus. Yes. Me and my house will follow Jesus. I won't turn back. I won't turn back. Amen. One of the announcements I failed to mention this morning was Sister Ellie had a birthday today. So, we want to sing thank the Lord for her. God bless you richly. We love you guys so much. Amen. You don't have the words for this up. I didn't put it up. We're going to keep singing that medley. Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You healed my body. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. You filled me. Yes, you filled me with your Holy Ghost. Surely being good to me. You filled me with your Holy Ghost. Surely be good to me. You fill me with your Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do last time. Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Oh Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Well, Lord, Lord, Lord, you've surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Amen. I thank him and thank him. Let's go to the key of E flat and sing, Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true, with thanksgiving. living. I'll be a living makes you wearing for you and Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary. Pure and holy, tried and true. With thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you one last time. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true. With [Music] thanksgiving, I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Amen. We'll we'll sing one more worship song before the brothers come this evening for the offerings. There's a sweet sweet spirit in this place. And I know that it's the spirit of the Lord. There are sweet expressions on each face. And I know they feel the presence of the Lord. [Music] Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we lift our hearts in praise. Without a doubt we'll know that we have been revived. When we shall leave this place, there are blessings can receive till you know him in his fullness and Believe you're the one to profit when you [Music] say I am going to walk with Jesus all the way. [Music] Sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly dove, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we lift our hearts embraced. Without a doubt we know that we have been revived. When we shall leave this place. The last verse. If you say he saved you from your sin. Now you're weak. You're bound. You cannot enter it. You can make it right if you yield. You'll enjoy the Holy Spirit that we feel. Let's all stand. Oh sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly love, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we lift our hearts in praise. Without a doubt we'll know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place. Amen. Granted, Lord Jesus, if the brothers would make ready. We didn't have any new prayer requests turned in. We just want to remember come January 12th, that's when the choir will be starting again. So, uh, be in prayer for that. Us, our brother George, more family. They're traveling, preaching this weekend. So, remember them. Our sister Joy in Arkansas while she's visiting family back there. Keep her in prayer for uh safe traveling mercies. Um, also our prayer precious sister Ellie. We want to keep her held up before the Lord this week for a full deliverance and a complete healing. Amen. The Robson's traveling for a couple weeks. Remember them as well. If you have a a need on your heart this evening, if you'll make it known to the Lord with an uplifted hand and brother [Music] Chris, dear Lord, we just want to thank you be able to come to you, Lord, and ask you for requests, Lord. There's requests made yesterday, Lord, in the men's meeting, Lord, that already been answered, Lord. You're always faithful to us, Lord Jesus. For our sister Ellie, Lord, oh Lord, we ask that you touch her body, Lord Jesus. You'll make her whole, Lord. We believe that we can ask anything, Lord. We can lay hands on the sick and they'll recover. Lord, we know this is the truth. Lord Jesus, we ask this for our sister. Lord Jesus, for our brothers and sisters that are traveling, Lord Jesus, ones driving back to Jeff and other places, Lord, and going through this snowstorm, Lord, we just ask, Lord, that you'll be with them, Lord. You'll give them your safety, Lord Jesus. ask you to be with brother George. He's doing your work, Lord, to win souls, Lord Jesus. Help them, Lord. Bless them, Lord Jesus. Sister Joy, Lord, may she have joy with her sister, Lord. Dear heavenly father, the Robson, Lord, keep them safe and bring them back, Lord Jesus. May they have a great time, Lord Jesus. Dear Lord, we just ask you to meet the requests, those hands that just went up. Lord, we know that you'll you're a great God and that you listen to us, Lord Jesus. We appreciate that so much, Lord. We thank you for these tithes and offerings, Lord. May they be used to honor you, Lord Jesus. We ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You were the word in the beginning. One with it's an F. Can we try E flats? You were the word in the beginning. One with God the Lord most [Music] high. Your hidden glory in creation now revealed in Jesus Christ. What a beautiful name it is. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my King. What a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to it. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. You didn't want heaven without us. So Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was greater, your love was greater. What could separate us now? What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ, my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to it. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus. Death could not hold you. The veiled door before you. You silence the boast of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory for you are raised to life again. You have no rival. You have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing compares to it. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Now death could not hold you. Buildor before you. Silence the bo of sin and grave. The heavens are roaring. The praise of your glory for you are raised to life again. Now you have no rival. You have no equal now and forever. God, you reign. Yours is the kingom. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above all names. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. is the name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. Amen. What a powerful name we serve this evening. You may be seated if you wish. Amen. I'm kind of homesick for a country to which I've never been before. No sad goodbyes will never be spoken. For time won't [Music] matter anymore. [Music] in beautiful [Music] land. I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday on thee I'll stand here. My home shall be eternal. Beautiful land. [Applause] [Music] Sweet land. I'm looking now across the river. Here my faith shall end inside. Here's just a few more days here. [Applause] I will [Music] take my heavenly [Music] flies to be the land. I'm longing for you. And [Music] someday on thee I'll [Applause] stand there. My home shall be eternal. You land [Music] sweet land. One last time in beautiful land I'm longing for you. And [Applause] [Music] someday I'll stand. [Music] There my home shall be turn land sweet land. Oh, praise his name. Let's go to the key of G. There came a thirsty woman who was drawing from a [Music] well. Her life was ruined and wasted. Her soul was bound for hell. But then she met the [Music] master who told her of her sin. He said, "If you'll drink from this fountain, you'll never thirst again. [Music] There is a river that flows from deep within. There is a [Music] fountain that frees us all from sin. Come to this water for there is a vast supply. [Music] There is a [Music] river that never shall run dry. There came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind. He filled their hearts with singing. He gave them [Music] peace with him. And the prophet gave this promise that the spirit would descend. And from your inner being a river with no there is a river that flows. From deep within there is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. [Applause] Just come to this water for there is a vast supply. Oh, [Music] there is a river that never shall run dry. Come to this water. Come to this water. Oh, there is a vast supply. Yes, there is a river that never shall run dry. Amen. And as we get ready to change the order of our service this evening, we'll go to key of A. In peace like a river attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea billows grow. [Music] Whatever my lot, thou hast taught me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. But Lord for thee. My Lord is for thee. For thy coming we wait. The sky not the grave is our goal. With the shout of the angel and the voice of my Lord. Blessed hope. Blessed rest for my soul. Oh my sin. My sin. Oh, the bliss of this glorious thought. My sin not in part but the whole. It is nailed to the cross and I bear it no more. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is well with my [Music] soul. It is well. It is well with my soul and Lord haste the day. Oh Lord, haste the day when my face shall be sight. The clouds be rolled back as a [Music] us shall resound and my Lord shall desend even so is well with my soul and with all your heart this evening. Is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. Amen. If you would continue to play that this evening. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Amen. Amen. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, it is well with our soul, Lord, as we think of what you have done for us, Lord, in this last hour. We give you the praise and thanks, Father. We ask for you to come now and speak to our hearts in this portion of the service. We give you all the glory, the honor, and the praise. Take full control, Lord, as the saints are gathered in your name, Lord. Meet them. Meet our portion. We pray and we ask in Jesus' name. Amen. So, God bless you saints. So good to be back in the house of the Lord with you tonight. And um we'd like to go right into the word of the Lord this evening. Just take a moment to go in further portion from the message this morning and we'll take St. John chapter 12. If you would stand with me and turn in your Bibles. Pray the Lord will help us. Amen. Are you happy to be here tonight? Yes, sir. Amen. St. John chapter 12 in verse our main verse is number 34 but let's see yes verse number 30 Jesus answered and said this voice came not because of me but for your sakes now is the judgment of this world. Now shall the prince of this world be cast out. And if I if I be lifted up from the earth, I will draw all men unto me. This he said, signifying what death he should die. The people answered him, we've heard out of the law that Christ abideth forever. And how sayest thou, the son of man must be lifted up? Who is this son of man? Amen. And we take that as our title tonight. Who is this son of man? Let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on the service. Lord, the word that we just read and the scriptures and the quotations that we'll read tonight. May each one receive their portion. Lord, remember the saints that are gathered there in Phoenix, Lord, in Mesa, for the art and the faithful saints there. May you bless them and help them. We pray. We love you in Jesus name. Amen. I bless you. Amen. You may be seated. I had it on my heart to go visit Brother Caleb Duron and just greet his church as we will be uh moving right into that neighborhood. And so, he pulled on me to take that service. That was a 4:00 service and I just finished up over there. So I was running a little bit behind and so we got started a bit late here tonight and we had a treat for you with brother Armando Rivera but he couldn't make it tonight. So I I have a few things that I didn't finish up from this morning. I trust it to be a blessing to you. Amen. So who is this son of man? As we took the scripture in Hebrews chapter 2 to show that this mindfulness, what is man that thou art mindful of him and the son of man that thou visitth him? And we showed you in the scripture, I quoted the scriptures to you that that phrase son of man is not always meaning a prophet. But in the New Testament, it is. And in many of the scriptures in the Old Testament, Jeremiah and Ezekiel are addressed as the son of man. But it's a um it's a phrase meaning human kind or humanity, the sons of men, the sons of Adam. That's the phrase. If you just take it and read it through your scriptures, you'll see that that is absolutely true. But as the prophet brings it to us, he shows us that this office of the son of man, uh, the son of man ministry found in Luke 17:30, one of the main scriptures that were, uh, manifested in our day, as I've said, can only apply to a one-man ministry. And of the three ministries, this is probably the one that's the most controversial because this is actually a son of man office prophet that is now revealing the son of man, the son of God. And God uses that flesh in such a way to bring to pass the scripture for the Gentiles. Remember the son of man came in flesh. His name was Jesus. And he came to the eastern people. He came to the Jews and the Samaritans. But he never came to the Gentiles as the son of man. the ministry of the Messiah, being able to discern the thoughts and intents of the heart. And I would I would argue or contend or I would certainly say that uh that's probably the aspect of controversy is when there is so much um that God used brother Random in such a way that his closest friends actually uh mistook him for the Lord Jesus Christ and he had to correct it. It was an error. But he said if that did not accompany his ministry that his ministry would then be false. It had to. Could you imagine John the Baptist? Now, those of us who preach or minister, who serve, Brother Will, we've never been accused of being Jesus. I would love for that accusation to strike me. Uh but it hasn't happened yet and it's probably not going to happen. Where man, is that the Lord? But this actually happened to John. John the Baptist. They asked him the question, "Are you the Christ?" Now, could you imagine what kind of ministry this man would have to have to get the Jews to mistake him for the Messiah? It's a tremendous ministry. And he didn't have any signs, wonders, and miracles. even just preaching just the just the the just just the anointing of who he was. His message was so tremendous and profound that it had to be God. All the people knew that John was a prophet. The scripture says that they all knew. They wouldn't even speak against John. They all know that that's a prophet. And so they thought that he was the Christ because they were amused about the city and all of the great wonders that were taking place. His ministry was like no other. He used examples from the wilderness. And he he was fearless. I mean, we heard it in Sunday school this morning where he rebukes these are leaders who have the power to take his life. He rebukes them in their marriage. It's not lawful for you to have her. He preached marriage and divorce and it got him. They took his head off of for it. So we say it doesn't matter today. No, it does matter today. John lost his life over a marriage and a divorce sermon we would say and they had it in for him. But this ministry of the son of man. So we can bring the Elijah ministry of course the restoration of the gifts and those aspects and we can bring the seventh angel. The angel is supposed to reveal those seven seals. And I know many ministries love that aspect of the revelation of the deeper things, the third pull and those things. But this aspect of a son of man revealing the son of man. Um, a son of man revealing the son of man is uh part of the contention. So, but who is he? Now, I read this quote for you this morning. I'll read it again because he connects Luke 17:30 with Malachi 4. All right. And it was the quote I couldn't find, but sis found it for me, but it's I'll get it for you. Send a message to trial. I know that. And it's paragraph number 77. Get it in my uh place here. Yes. I thought I would get it, but feels like she has it. And she does. All right. Yeah, but for some reason I want to read it here. Let me get it here. Okay. The trial now. Don't you love the Lord? Yes. Uhhuh. All right. I'll just take it there. Blind prosecutor. Can't you see that his words are true? Not nail scars and prints and thorns. It's the son of God impersonated in his church as son of man. It has to fulfill Malachi 4 and the rest of the scriptures. A call to the court's attention. Look at that real good. Son of man, like God the Father, God the Son, God the Holy Ghost. It's the same God. Three different attributes of the same God. Now, brother man continues in the message uh the feast of the trumpets paragraph 275 and he says this here. So with that in the message the trial he takes this Luke 17:30 ministry had to be manifested in order to go up and fulfill Malachi 4. See how that's connected? Just read it for you there. He uses the the revelation of the son of man, that son of God being impersonated in this office of a prophet to fulfill Malachi 4, which was the Elijah ministry. All right. So in the feast of the trumpets, paragraph 275, the prophet of God says this, "The seventh angel's message under the same trumpet, same everything, exactly the same seal is to what? call the people the bride out of the Pentecostal and world tradition to the genuine atonement the word Christ impersonated in his word here made flesh among us science has proved it by pictures the church knows it the world around we firmly know it for he's never told us one thing and thus sayeth the Lord but what's been the truth Did he not say down there on the river as John the Baptist was sent so will this messenger will pull out? So we see that again it's Christ impersonated in this office. Now he is our brother. Brother Brandham is our brother. Brother Brandham was just a sinner saved by grace. He's a man. He says that throughout this message, but there is an element of his ministry that's so profoundly uh in line with the word that many of his friends and followers mistake him for the Messiah. Amen. And even the Christ, even some will baptize in his name and even worship him. But is that scriptural? Yes, it is scriptural. Is it is it supposed to be? Yes, it's supposed to be. It's not something we run from. I'm not going to not read a quotation or a vision because there's an element of people doing that. No, no, it's there for me to read it, to embrace it. I know it's there. It's supposed to be there. And what many have done, they've, you know, shied away from it because if we start reading that and start saying that, it's going to appear like we're one of those crazies. Well, I'm crazy anyways. That's not going to make me crazy. I'm already crazy. I'm trying to gain my mind. And my mind, my sanity comes through the word of the Lord. Amen. So the, you know, it's a scarecrow that's put up. That's right. So it controls the preachers and what quotes we No, they're all free to read. When brother Joss comes here to preach or brother George or whoever preach, they're free to read any of the quotes. It's free. The Bible, whatever, it's there. I am free to read all of those quotes and you're free to say amen to all of them, too. Amen. Now, this element is there. Now, let's look at it in the scripture just for a moment. It's found in the scripture in Revelations chapter 19. You'll turn there quickly. And I just want you to embrace the fact that this exists. Now, they can publish that in the papers here in Tucson that some people baptize in his name. Some people actually worship him. They have their pictures in his in their churches because they worship him. So the pastors that hear that it's like, "Ah man, I need to take those pictures down or they going to think I'm worshiping him." Stop. You we we we we do what we do by revelation. It's not because we feel pressure this way or pressure that way or maybe the people will understand us better. No, you do. You take a stand on God's word. Amen. So, we find this in Revelations chapter. What did I call? What verse did I want? Can somebody help me? I know I got it here. What verse did I want? Huh? Somebody said 17. Is that the verse I want? Huh? Somebody, Sister Heather, she's on. That's the verse I want. Verse number 10 and 1910. Of course, all the scriptures are good. 19 is good, too. But the one I wanted was verse 10. And I fell at his feet to worship him. And he said unto me, "See thou do it not. I am thy fellow servant and of thy brethren that have the testimony of Jesus. Worship God for the testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy." Now, this is the the great apostle John who fell down to worship this angel. Now, let's take one more scripture. It's the next chapter over in Revelations chapter 22 and we'll see this repeat. And we're going to go deeper to see who this angel is. Brother Vanam actually tells us who it is. Revelations 22. Now, what verse do I want in here? Huh? Eight. Who said that? Yes. Thank you, brother Joe. Brother Joe's an old-timer. Maybe next time Joe let some of the younger ones get it. No, I'm just Thank you, brother Joe. You can't win, huh? You can't win. Verse number eight. And I, John, saw these things and heard them. And when I heard and seen what he do, I fell down to worship before the feet of the who? The angel which showed me these things, then saith he unto me, see thou do it not, for I am thy fellow servant, and of thy what? The what? This is a prophet. Amen. And of them which keep the sayings of this book worship God. So who is John? John is a type of the believer and the angel is a type of the messenger that is revealing to the bride John the great secrets in the revelations. And John got so caught up in who this angel is. And let's examine who John is. He's not a newcomer. He's not a pagan worshipper. He's not somebody just off the streets. This was a man who walked with Jesus. looked at him eyeball to eyeball. He was the one that Jesus loved marketably. One of the disciples, one of the incrowd of the not one of the 70, but he's one of the 12 that when Judas was being exposed, he asked Jesus, "Which one is it, Lord?" And Jesus said, "The one I'm going to dip my bread in at the same time. He's the one that's going to betray me." Boom. And he dips. And then Judas dips. J John was a real believer. John was not like a halfway believer. This is real people, real materials. Yes sir. And he with all his credentials bowed down to worship this angel. Now the angel prevented him and stopped him. Now verse n chapter 19 just shows it was an angel. Chapter 22 shows us that that angel was actually a prophet. I didn't take time to find it, but it's in the message. If the sisters find it for me, I shouldn't ask them to do that. But brother Vano answers that question that that is not um the Lord Jesus that John was worshiping. That was a prophet. You tell me which prophet it was. Yes. Well, we have an example of who that prophet was. It was it was the Reverend William Brham. Ministry so great. It looks like something you would hide from. But it was a ministry so great that true believers would even fall down to worship, get so mixed up. Now, is it right? No, it's not right. It's wrong. Brother Brandon said it was an evil spirit. He said it was contrary. It had to be corrected. He said all that and he told us why it had to be that way because his ministry had to replicate the ministry of of John. John had the same issues. Brother Bham deals with this in questions and answers and he says this here. Don't you love the Lord? All right. I hope this helps somebody tonight. I believe it does. It shows us, you know, that that we're right in the word. You know, there's an element of people that go overboard this way and that way. It's supposed to be that way. We know that they're going to be there. It's part of it. Brother Brandham, this is in questions and answers. They asked Brother Brandham question number 123, 1961. Brother Brandon, we know that you are a messenger sent from God to this church age. The very same signs that follow Jesus, we see following you. We understand why some who know you best think you are Messiah. Would you explain the difference in your relationship to God and that of Christ? Well, I know, brethren, that is true. See, but let's wait. I got something wrote down here just for a minute. Many times it's misunderstood. But now the person sometimes I want some of you to turn with me to Luke the 3 chapter and the 15th verse. While you're doing that, I might be saying when you get it. Luke 3 and going to shut the door. He continues on verse paragraph 384. But listen, brethren, I adjure you before Christ that you you hold this part of your peace. But if you're spiritual, you would understand. See, don't you know what the very first thing he said there down there at the river? Don't you remember what he said? As John the Baptist was sent forth to forrun the first coming of Christ, your message, it's the message that will forerun the second coming of Christ. That's what the angel of the Lord said. Now notice that's John the Baptist. Now all of you have heard that you read it in books. You heard people that standing there hearing it and everything else when the angel itself spoke that message as John the Baptist was sent forth to forrun the first coming of Christ. You are sent with this message will forrun the second coming of Christ. Now, the message. Now, if you'll notice, little Willie out there put my name under the star out there. And that's the reason I passed it over. You see, cuz I don't think, now I'm going to be honest, as I can be, I don't think I'd have anything to do with that messenger. See, that's right. I believe that I may be being sent for a part, this church, to help build that message up to the place where it would be when this forerunner comes, that he will come. But I believe me being what I am, I believe that I have the message of the day. I believe that this is the light of the day and believe it's pointing to that time coming. See, I believe that the message that he said down there, the message that you have. Now if you notice that star that rose back there, brother Bam continues on and he continues on to paragraphs continues says down to paragraph number 426. He says a lot of things there and he says so now the reason that this message this message will have to be looked on in this respect to prove that it is now we know brethren that man cannot be God. Man yet he is a god. Each one of you are a god. You was made to be a god but not while you're in this life. See, Jesus was a man just like we are, but God was in him. The fullness of God was in him. We have the spirit by measure. But being that this little light has come, and if it is true, if it's the true light, that's to herald the message that John the Baptist heralded as he said he did on the river down yonder. Just look how it could be. How it could be anything else. Look at me. See, not even a grammar school education. when he told me these things would happen, not one of them has failed. Brother Am continues on. He says 420, paragraph 4:29. And so he's he reads the scripture in Luke 35th verse there. Just start about the 14th verse. And they read this the scriptures. The soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, "And what shall we do? said unto them, "Do no vice and no man neither accuse any falsely be content with your wages." As the people were in expectation, and all men mused in their hearts of John, whether he were the Christ or not, John answered, saying unto them all, I indeed baptize you with water, but one mightier than I cometh, and the l and the latchet of whose shoes I'm not worthy to unloose. He shall baptize you with the Holy Ghost and with fire. All right. What was it? The people were under such expectations of the Messiah to appear. When they seen this great anointed ministry of a man coming out of the wilderness and having his campaign and going back in the wilderness, many men that was his own followers said he is the Messiah. They were expecting it. See then if this is the true message of God for running the coming of John the Baptist the same like the same thing the Elijah message it'll have to be thought of in the same manner see so that answers that questions I think exactly see it's got to be thought in the same manner see brother asked is there anything that we are responsible to do in order to help anybody that would take in a conflict like that or what could we do? There wouldn't be nothing. There's nothing you can do. The brother says a reprobate mind. Could that develop in a reprobate mind? Well, it would come to a reprobate mind. If it come to this, if the man that was spoken or would witness that he was the Messiah, then we know he'd be a false Christ. See, see, as long as a man would So, Brother Adam continues on. So he showing us that that has to be expected. That's part of the ministry of this ministry as John the Baptist was sent to forrun the first coming of Christ. There's an element in your Bible that thought John was the Messiah. There's an element in the message that think that brother Brandham is the Messiah or was the Messiah. It's part of it. Yeah. And um um but that shouldn't stop me from taking a stand on what he said on the tapes. I shouldn't feel ashamed for following this message the way we do because that element exists. How many you understand that? They said they want to handcuff you. You read that you say that you're going to be identified with that group. What? What? Whatever. What group? I'm trying to be identified with the word of the Lord. Aren't you? Amen. Amen, saints. That's the conflict of the three main scriptures, Elijah, seventh angel, but this son of man part seems to be the conflict many times. But let's take a few quotations that will help you out here, help us all out, and then we'll we'll close. All right, it's already right. The son of man in the message proving his word, paragraph 222. Now, we don't apologize for any of the quotes. We don't I don't apologize for any of the vision. The church age book, I don't apologize from reading from it. I sure don't. No, because I know what brother said about the church age book. I don't apologize for the 1977 uh uh uh things that were said about that. Um uh what what do you say about 1977? About that should terminate the world system that that should bring and usher in the end. I predict as a student of the scriptures that that should be the end. I'm not shying away from Did he say that? He said it. It's on the tapes. I don't have to hide any of those. No, no, no, no, no. I embrace it all. And if they call us crazy, they called him crazy. They said he's a mad man. They said John was a witch. What they're going to say about us. Now look at this. In proving his word. All right. Paragraph 2:22. And the son of man is revealing himself in the same power that he was. Not down through the church age through justification, sanctification, all these things here, but the son of man. Who is the son of man? The word. And the word is quicker than powerful than a two-edged sword and discerns the thoughts that's in the heart. It is the rising of the sun. 1965. We'll take this here. Paragraph 92 says, "And it to be waved again we realize in the last day according to Luke 17:30 in the Sunday again in the day that the sen of man will be revealed." What day is that, saints? What day is that? Is that going to be tomorrow? Is that next week? When is that? Is that this day? Is that on your tapes? Huh? That's on your tapes. Just be waved again. We realize in the last day according to Luke 17:30, in the Sunday again in the day that the sen of man will be revealed or waved again over the people. What does he mean again? It's already waved once to the Hebrews in the New Testament. Now it's waved again. Now, who is the son of man? As I'm quoting now, paragraph 93. Now, who is the son of man? In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And if all the teaching that we have in confirmation of the word of God by word of God by signs by wonders, we see today that in the book of Luke here that as we just quoted Luke the 17th chapter, the 30th verse and Malachi 4 in the different scriptures that we are acquainted with that the word again is waved over the people that the dead traditions of man is dead and The son of God is alive again with the baptism of the Holy Spirit right among us and is giving us life. How many can say praise the Lord to that? H isn't there life in this message? It's only dead to those that are dead, but it's alive to those that are alive. They the the it that song they sing, it's all over me. It's keeping me alive. It's the Holy Ghost and fire. It's keeping me alive. It's the message of the hour and it's keeping me alive. You wouldn't be alive today without this message. No, you'd be doing what everybody else is doing. You would you'd be doing what everybody else is doing. But the reason you're not doing what everybody else is doing is because Luke 17:30, Malachi 4, Revelations 10:7 came into your life. Came into your world view. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me wine. Thank you, Jesus. You saved my life. [Applause] Yes. He saved my life. Brought me from darkness. Into glorious light. How many know what I'm talking about? Yes. Let me read a few more quotations for you. Okay. here in the message trying to do God a service without it being his will that's part of those last messages in November of 65 that I quoted to you this is paragraph 212 and he says this here now he promised that so that sets the Bible just exactly to this day and Sodom and Gomorrah and Elijah that wasn't Elijah that was the spirit of God on Elijah Elijah was just a man now we've had Elijah's Elijah's coat Elijah's mantels, Elijah's everything. But the Elijah of this day is the Lord Jesus Christ. He is to come according to Matthew Luke 17:30 is the son of man is to reveal himself among his people. Not a man, God. But it'll come through a say it with me. Prophet. Now, he never had two major prophets at the same time. Never in the world, no matter how much two heads can't. It has to be one head. God has to get one man under his control. There's one God. There's one father, son, and holy ghost, but one God over it all. Notice, and just use them offices. So has he with Elijah, the spirit of Elijah, he used that spirit, but the same God controlling it all the time to fulfill his word. Amen. I like that. Modern events made clear like by prophecy 65 of December paragraph 233. The messenger says this. Jesus when he come he was to be a prophet. That's right. And today before Jesus comes the full manifestation of the person of Jesus Christ is to be manifested in flesh. Think of it. Jesus said as it was in the days of Sodom so shall it be at the coming of the son of man. When the son of man is being revealed. What is revealed? Unfolded made known. The secret has been brought forth, revealed in the day that the son of man will be revealed. The world would be in a Sodom condition. We've got it, haven't we? Yeah. How many believes that it's in a solemn condition? That's exactly right. Look where it's setting now. Let me say this. I was raised in a Christian church my entire life. My mom and dad raised me in a Christian home. My mom was very religious. taught us about the Bible stories and about Jesus. But I didn't have the revelation of the son of man. You get that? So the world out there has a Bible talking about Jesus that can read the scriptures. But is the revelation of Luke 17:30, has it been revealed or unfolded to them? No, it has not. Not in its fullness. Not according to Malachi 4 and Revelations 10 and Luke 17:30 to fulfill this scripture because you need the office of a prophet to fulfill this scripture. Lord Jesus, reveal the revelation of the son of man. What is the revelation? It's the word being revealed or opened up to you. Not nail scars. Amen. Not a crown of thorns, but the word opening up. Good evening, friends. Glory. It's the prayer lines. It's the recorded sermons. That's the revelation of the son of man opening up. Amen. If it's not that, then everybody that's calling on Jesus, reading their Bible, has to be a part of the bride. And we know that's not true. There had to be a message to open up the word. It's the revealing of the son of God impersonated again in this church. And when you get that revelation, you're not going to pick it up and say, "There's mistakes. That don't mean that, that don't mean this, that." No, you'll know this is God speaking. Amen. You see the importance of the revelation? Yes, sir. Amen. God bless you. Don't you love the Lord? Lord, open up your word to me. Open it up that you can't fail. You sent a perfect message. I don't have to clean nothing up or help God fix anything. He sent the vision the way he wanted it to be sent. Amen. And I want to represent that. Don't you? Amen. Let me take one more as we close here. This one I want to read for you. All right. It brings the fullness the entire deity. I bring that. I have to I like to bring this because it shows us what we're quoting from. It's not a regular. It's not a pastor I'm quoting from. And I'm quoting from the messenger. I'm just quoting some brother who came with signs and wonders. No, I'm quoting the revelation of the son of man being revealed. The son of man being revealed by the office of a son of man. And it can get confusing but it's still the truth. Amen. Now let me see this here. Last one I wanted to read. Yes. This is God's only provided place of worship. 1965 there in Shreport. Paragraph 263. Thank you, sis. You're doing such a good job. I I don't think I gave you any of these. They're finding them for me very nicely. The headstone crying what? Grace. Grace. Pass from death and creed into a living word of the living God. God's only provided plan for his age. His sons in the word age quickened by the spirit like a spark that's lit off of something to make it alive and seated now in heavenly places in present tense already alive and subject to every promise in the word. Then what does that do? You being a part of God's gene, a part of the word, other men a part of God's word seated together manifest the entire body of Christ because there's no leaven among you. See what he's talking about, brother Brown. No leaven among you, just the word only seated in heavenly places in the door where he put his name, Christ Jesus. No leaven among you that brings the entire fullness of the godhead bodily among you. Couldn't do it in Luther's age. Couldn't do it in Wesley's age. Couldn't do it in the Pentecostal age. But in the day when the son of man will be manifested, revealed, brought back the church together with the entire deity of God amongst his people, showing the same visible signs, manifested, manifesting himself like he did at the beginning when he was manifested on the earth in the form of a prophet God. Oh, glory promised by Malachi 4, promised by the rest of the scriptures. Where are you worship at? The house of God seated in present tense. Amen. Don't you love the Lord? We got the fullness of the entire deity among us. How does it happen? How does it make me a son? As I spoke this morning, I'm a son of God. I'm a redeemed son of God because the word has been revealed to me. The son of man has been revealed to me. God bless you. The musicians will come. Amen. Musicians, please come. God bless you. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. Thank God I'm free. A long time I've traveled down a long lonely road, but thank God I'm free tonight. Amen. [Music] For a long time I traveled down a long lonely road. My heart was so heavy and I sang low. Then what? Heard about Jesus. Jesus wonderful hour. Glad that I found out he could bring me out his saving power. [Music] Thank God I am free. Free free this world of sin. Oh, washed in the blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Say, save. Save. Wonderful grace. Aren't you glad about it? Glad that I found out. Bring me out cuz he show me the way. Like a bird out of prison that's taking his life. I'm gone now. Like a blind man that God gave back his sight. Oh, I can see better now. The poor wretched beggar. Hallelujah. Fortune and [Music] fame bow down. He brought me out. Holy name. Oh, thank God. I am free. Free. Free. this world of sin. Oh, washed in the blood of Jesus. Yes, I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Yes, I'm wonder. [Music] He could bring me out. Show me the way like a bird out of prison. How many been set free? Like a blind man that gone. Mama, I can see now. Wretched beggar. Oh, fortune and fame, fortune and fame. That that I found out. He brought me out by his holy name. Thank God I am free, free, free this world. Won't you stand and help me sing it? Blood of [Music] Jesus. Oh, I'm saying wonderful grace. Oh, that I found out it could bring me out. Show me. Now go shake somebody's hand and tell them, "Thank God. God, I am free." Free. God bless you. Thank you. Oh, born again. I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm saved. Found [Music] out. Holy name. Let's take that first verse [Music] again. My heart was so heavy. I was a sinner. on every level. But I heard about Jesus. Hallelujah. What a wonderful, what a powerful hour. So glad that I found out from me. Hallelujah. Oh, thank God I am free. Lord, I am free. this world of [Music] sin. Washed in the blood. I've been born again. Hallelujah. I'm saved. Save. Praise. Wonderful grace. He could bring me out. Show me the way. I'm so glad. I'm so [Music] glad. Yes, I'm glad. I'm so glad. Thank you, Jesus. Glad that I found out. Bring me out and show me the way. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise for showing us the way. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Let's sing one more. All right. 358. The message of his coming. Gladly may we herald the message. Amen. We're looking for his coming. Let's take that. We're looking for his coming in the clouds of heaven. Oh, there we are with the midnight going [Applause] rain. Gladly. Oh, gladly. We heard the message of his blessed appearing soon coming in glory. Tell the one and all awake endless near rain. And we're longing for the glory that awaits the faithful who shall overcome. Press ever bravely onward. The prize is life eternal to all who win. Fight over sin. Gladly, gladly, gladly made. [Music] Blessed appearing coming soon. Tell the one and all. Awake saints of the Lord by slumber when the end is near. But get ready for the final call. [Music] Praying for the advent of our blessed savior who has promised life to all who trust his grace. coming now is spending the message being given. Soon we'll see our Lord face to face. [Music] Oh, he's coming in. Tell the one and all lumber with this near rain bucket ready for final call. [Music] [Music] Oh, we see the signs appearing. We see the signs appearing of his blessed coming. Oh, behold the fig leaves now becoming green. The gospel of his kingom gone to every [Music] nation. Oh, hear the message of [Music] his. Tell the one and all. Waking saints of the Lord slumber when the end is nearing. Get ready for final call. Amen. Let's sing one more. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Just before we do, let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. We'll go to the Lord in prayer. We'll ask our dear brother. We'll have um our brother Trevor to come dismiss us in a word of prayer. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to sing the see the king. Let's take this red mic here. Thank you. God bless you. [Music] Dear heavenly father, thank you Lord for this this word Lord that we're privileged to hear Lord. I ask Lord that you would just help it to deepen our understanding of you Lord and let it just be allow us to just continue to feast off of it as we go through this week, Lord. and give us opportunities, Lord, to Lord, to to to preach this, Lord, to those that we come in contact with, Lord, and to continue to spread the gospel as far and wide as we can, Lord. We thank you so much, Lord, and just continue to be with us and go with us as we go from this place. And we love you and praise in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Amen. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very [Music] soon. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. going to see the king soon and very soon and very soon. Just any day now. Soon and very soon we are going to sing. Won't be very long. Soon and very soon my soul says hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see. No more crying there. No more crying there. He'll wipe all the tears from your eyes. No more crying there. No more funerals. No more sad days. No more. No more crying there. We're going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going. No more dying there. No more dying there. Hallelujah. No more dying. [Music] No more. No more dying there. I'm happy tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. We're going to see soon and very soon and very soon. It won't be long. Oh, very [Music] soon. Going to see the with all your heart. Hallelujah. We are going. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going with all your heart. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. We're going to see. No more crying. No more crying [Music] there. Don't take all the pain. No more crying. Going to see the king. Hallelujah. We're going. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going. Hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] We're going to see the king. Amen. God bless you. God be with you. God take take the name of Jesus with you and may you be blessed. You're dismissed. God bless [Music] you. No more sickness there. [Applause] No more [Applause] sickness. No more [Music] [Music] pain. Very soon. [Music] Soon and very soon. Just any day now. Soon and very soon. [Music] Oh, so many very [Music] soul. Glor. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] singing hallelujah, hallelu, hallelu. We're going to see the king and there will be no dying [Music] there. No more [Music] dying. No more dying. going very [Music] soon. Singing hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to sing the singing. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We're going to see the king soon and soon and very soon. I'll see my loved ones. I'll see my mother. I'll see my father again. Soon and I'll see the Lord Jesus. Oh [Music] yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
