################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-19 - Wednesday Evening 06-18-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-19
Title:   Wednesday Evening 06-18-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_JzIxLnqLPE
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you all this evening. So good to be here. So good to see everyone. Just to ask if um Scott, would you come open the service up for the word of prayer? [Music] Amen. Could we all stand this evening? Dear Lord Jesus, God, we thank you once again. We're gathered together, Father. We're going to hear your word this evening, Lord. It's the highlight of our middle of our week, Lord, to get to come together one more time. Lord, we ask you that you forgive us of our sins, our shortcomings, everywhere we've fallen short, Lord. Every time we've not pleased you, Lord, we just ask that you put that in the sea of your forgetfulness, Father. Lord, we pray your word comes forth tonight into fertile ears and hearts that we can hear and receive your word, Father, and bring it forth, Jesus. Just let everything that's done be for your glory and for your honor. And it's in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Thank you. We'll go to the key of G. You know, Wednesdays are fantastically easy, right? No, they're not. But you know, it's gold when it's put under that high temperature. Super hot and beaten is when you get the best results. So maybe we can just set aside some of the trials and tribulations of today in our mind and just focus on him just for a few minutes and just worship him. Jesus has a table spread where the saints of God are fed. He invites his chosen people come and dine. With his mana he does feed and supplies their every need. Oh, it is sweet to suck with Jesus all the time. Come and dine. The master call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. [Music] You fed the multitude, turn the water into wine. Do the hungry call it now. Come and die. The disciples came to land. Thus obeying Christ's command, for the master called unto them, come and die. There they found their hearts desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. The sea satisfies the hungry every time. Come and dine. The master callth come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turned the water into wine. Do the hungry call. Now come and die. Soon the land will take his bride to be ever at his side. All the hosts of heaven will assemble me. Oh will be a glorious sight. All the saints in spotless white and with Jesus they will be glory. [Music] Come and dine. The master call it come and die. You may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude turn the water into wine. to the hungry calleth. Now come and dive. He fed the He who fed the multitude. Turn the water into wine. To the hungry calleth now come and dine. Amen. Thank you Lord. You may be seated. Go to the key of E flat. We find many people who can understand why we are so happy and free. We've crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. I crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. So when I get happy, I sing and I shout. The devil don't believe it. I see. But I'm filled with the spirit. There isn't a doubt and that's what's the matter with me. This is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. I crossed over Jordan to Kan's fair land and this is like heaven to me. We've heard the sweet music, the heavenly core from glory land over the sea. A soul thrilling message from Jesus our Lord. And this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan to Kadan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. Oh, this is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over Jordan to Canaan's fair land. And this is like heaven to me. Give me heavenly father. I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you. I love you. Adore you. I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate [Music] you. [Music] Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. [Music] You lead me. You guide me. You're dwelling inside me. Holy Spirit, you're a comfort to me. Son of God, what a savior you are. Son of God, what a savior you are. [Music] Son of God, what a savior you are. You cleansed me, my soul from sin and holy ghost within. Son of God, what a savior [Music] you are. Holy Ghost, you're a comfort to me. Holy Ghost, you're a comfort, too. Even on the Wednesdays. Holy Ghost, your comfort to me. You lead me. You guide me. Dwelling inside me. Holy God. [Music] to me. Amen. Some songs you just when you're driving down there and you just got to sing and they just bring you so much peace in your car. That's one of them for me. Go to the key of C. We haven't done this one in a while. Brother Craig Washington did this one at the Mesa church last Thursday. I was there and it was just such a blessing to me. But it's most I think most of you all know it, but we'll have the words up for you. So just join in. [Music] Search me, oh God, [Music] and know my heart today. [Music] Drive me, oh Savior, know my thoughts I pray. [Music] See if there be some wicked way in me. [Music] Cleans me from every sin and set me free. [Music] I praise thee, Lord. for cleansing me from sin. Oh, fill thy word. Make me pure with this. Fill me with fire. There where once I burn with shame. Grant my desire to magnify [Music] thy name. Lord, take my life and make it holy thine. Till thy poor heart with thy great love divine. Take all my will. my passion self and pride. I now surrender Lord in me. [Music] Oh [Music] go revival comes from thee. When a revival starts the work in me, thy word declares Thou will supply [Music] our need for blessing now. Oh Lord, I humble thee. [Music] Amen. Let's all stand as we change the order of the service. Jesus loves me. This I know for the Bible tells me so. [Music] Little ones to him belong. They are weak. But he is strong. Yes. Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Jesus loves me. He who died heaven's gate to open wide. He will wash away my sin. had his little child come in. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. Jesus loves me. Loves me still. Though I'm very weak and ill, from his shining throne on high comes to watch me where? Let's take the last verse. Jesus loves me. He will stay close beside me all the way. If I love him when I die, he will take me home on high. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, Jesus loves me. The Bible tells me so. [Music] Thank God Jesus loves us. Amen. God bless everyone tonight. We're going to be continuing with the study on spiritual adoption, part two. We'll start at paragraph 152. It'll be about 45 minutes. And this is from the text in Ephesians that we've been reading, uh, chapter 1, verse 3 through7. Before we go to uh hearing the message, can we all sing only believe only [Music] [Music] [Music] All things are possible. Holy be Lord I believe. Lord I believe all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I believe. You may be seated, brother Bren. Why do you say Calvin believed something like that? I didn't believe Calvin. Calvin was a murderer. Calvin put a man to death because he baptized in Jesus name. He was a rascal. Need to be converted himself. That's true. But what he said about some of the things he said was right. Amen. Don't. But what he his action a man to kill a man for something like that. That's horrible. That's sinful. All right. Wherein he has abounded towards us. Oh, wait. I didn't get that adoption did it. Am I too late? See what this says up here. What time? All right. Just just let's say 10 minutes for the sake of these people's come so long. Look look adoption. Let me share what I've done. Now, a father has a big kingdom. He rides around. Now, he's got a sunborn. Oh, he's so happy. That's God. So, you know what that father does? He finds the very best razor tutor. You know what a tutor is, don't you? It's a school teacher. He finds the very best school teacher he can find in all the country. And then we're going now. Listen. And he finds the best school teacher he can find. He don't just get just a scall. He wants his boy to be a real fella. Don't you want your children that way? Sure. Best you can give him. Yes, sir. So, if a natural man thought that, what do you think God thinks about for his children? The best he could get. So, he wants a man that'll be honest. Now, he don't man want a man say, "Now, look, I I Junior, you just do anything you want to, honey. Uh uh oh, yes, father. Uh Mhm. He's getting along fine. He's a fine boy. Uh, get a little pat on his back and a straw in his hat. No, no, that guy get fired right now. Sure. He wants a man that'll be truthful. If that boy is coming right, tell him. If he isn't, tell him what's wrong. And if a earthly father thought that, wouldn't you want a man to be honest with you, the school teacher be honest about your children? Sure. What do you think God thinks? And he knows. We don't. He does. We're finite. We couldn't tell, but he's infinite and does know. So, you know what the father did? He never said, "I'm going to get a pope to watch over my children." Neither say, "I'm going to get a bishop." Amen. No. No. He didn't do that. Cuz you know the pope would be wrong. So would the bishop. He never said, "I'm going to get a general overseer to watch over my churches." No. No. He got the Holy Ghost. That was his tutor. Mhm. to raise his children. All right. Then how would you know if the Holy Ghost don't say he speaks through human lips? How do you know then it's tell the truth? When you see the Holy Spirit speaking through a lips that's telling the truth exactly every time predicting it coming to pass just perfectly like Samuel said, then you know that's true. It's coming right because God said if he speaks and what he says don't come to pass hear him because I'm not with him. But if he does hear him cause I'm with him. See, there you are. That's how he does. Now, then he goes around. Now, what do you think that tutor would say if he had to go up to the father and say, "Your your children's acting awful." I tell you, that boy yours eating. He's renegade. He's a rous about I never seen such a fell. Ma, you know what he does? And that girl of yours, oh, I don't know what you going to do with her. Well, you know what? She looks up like she's she's all painted up like some of them girls over here in Philistine. Yes. She wants to act just like they do. My daughter. Yeah. Your daughter. That's what the Holy Spirit has to say about the church today. No wonder we can't have a revival. Now that's true. What about your son? Huh? Same thing. What? Well, you know, you always said that those sheep should heard in that pasture up there on that sheep food up there. Yeah. You know what he did? He drove them down there in that weed pile. Just tuck them down there, dunk them all in that creek and let them raid around that weed pile. Eating them old willers and their support. They can't hardly get out of there. That's bishops, pastors who deny the power thereof. Well, there I tell you the truth. I never seen such a bunch of nervous sheep in my life. You don't like that. No. And you know what? Them cattle up here, you know, you you told them feed on that that although up there, you know, to make them fat. Yeah. You know what he's giving them? No. Them old iron weeds. Yeah. He's making them join societies and everything. You never seen the life in your life. Never seen such an all in your life. You know what he's doing? Going along out there smoking a big cigar back. He's got his wife with him. She's wearing shorts just like the Philistines are doing out there. Yep. That's kind of message the Holy Spirit has to take about church today. Now, what do you think about that? That's adoption. What he did he do? He predestined us unto adoption. He gives us the Holy Ghost. But wait a minute, adoption. That's what we're talking about. Adoption. Well, you know what he does? The bishop come by the other day and he was having a little healing service down there. The bishop come by, some guy, brother come by was praying for the sick. He said, "You stop that." Oh. Oh yes, Father Bishop. Don't you cooperate? Oh no, Father Bishop. Sure. And here I come and tell him the truth right out of your word. See, here it is. I'll read your laws to him exactly what to do. And he won't listen to him. He said, "Oh, that was for another age, another son." Some other time that don't mean me. There you are. That's truth, friend. Now, don't you see where the church misses its places? Why we haven't got revivals? Why we haven't got things going on? That's where it lays. Joshua say, "Uh, Gad, I want you to right in here. Lays your place." According to the blueprint, your place, Lady Sure. Right in here. You get in here, Gad, and stay here. Benjamin, you go right down here. And you all stay away from the border, the Philistines. Joshua comes back here. They all over the Philistines had a big old shindig danced up like that. And all the women painted up and dancing around having a big time. And Joshua scratches his head and say now what? That's exactly what's taking place. Not all. Thank God. Amen. Not all, but too many. All right. Now, what takes place then? That's what happens. Don't you imagine that man, the Holy Spirit blushes before the father when he has to say that. Oh my. Uh, I I told him, but he he he wouldn't listen to it. I told him that and let him read right there in the book. I had I had a little minister come by and show him that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and forever. And you know what? He let one of them let one of them old goat herders come over here and tell him that that was for another age. And he smelled so bad the time he got over there with goat smell, you know, cigars and you know and so smelled so bad when he got over here. But I tell you that gold herder had enough medals pinned on him or I if you'd write his name in the paper it take his obituary would take a half a sheet to make his title. Yes sir. They sure like him over there in that country. But I tell you, he sure don't know how to feed sheep. That's one thing about Amen. Amen. He just won't listen to him, says the Holy Spirit. I've tried to tell him that you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, but he he just won't do it. He's the biggest coward I' ever seen my life. And the church has made him an overseer, bishop, so forth. All the people listen to him. And then you know what? They take those, they got a little old thing down there, they call a television. You turn the little thing on like that. And them women come on and carry on all kind of halfway dresses and you know a lot of your daughters are Oh, surely not. Yes, they are. Yep, they're doing that. Some of them are crying out for revival, Father. Some of them really born. Some of them are really walking the line. Some of them are standing just as true on that word as they can be. Others are don't know what to do. They're they're way out there. You know what them mothers doing? Making fun of them and they're just a bunch of crap. Well, that makes me feel pretty bad. But now, let's change the picture. Now, the father, his son, is a good boy. His father, right, ride right along. Here's the tutor, the Holy Spirit. Which way? The Holy Spirit. He said, "I'm going to walk." Tutor said, "I'm the child said, I'll walk right with you." I'll go right with you. Well, the hill's awful high, son. I'll go right with you. I got confidence in you. Amen. If I start getting tired, you raise my hand up and hold me on. But there's lines up on the hill there. Don't matter. As long as you're around, it'll make a bit of difference. There's trouble up there. Slick rocks. I don't care. As long as you're a home, I walk right with you. I walk right. Oh, you know what? Your dad used to do that. That's good. Yes, sir. Get up on top of the hill there. Oh, he said, "You know what, Father? Your son is just like a chip off the old block. He is absolutely exactly like you. Every word that you say, he says amen to it. I I had him turn over in the Bible the other day and he said Jesus Christ the same yesterday and forever. You know what he said? He screamed and thrown his hands up in the air and said hallelujah. Amen. Oh Lord. And you know what he said here in your words, you know your word, he said the work he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. Yeah, I remember writing that to my son. Yeah, I remember writing that. Oh, when he saw that, he just screamed and jumped up. Hallelujah. Lord, take all the world out of me. Make me like that. Yes, sir. All those things that he done. Oh, the father said is I'm I'm I'm happy for that son. That's a fine son. All right. Keep eye on him for a few years. See how he see how he go comes along, how he progresses. A while the years pass by. How's he getting along? Oh my. He's even growing in grapes. Ooh my. He just He's shelling the woods. I'm telling you. He's He's really Why? He takes them sheep can handle them just just like you do. He'll never give him seaweeds. He'll never give them arm weeds when they come around saying we want to join the church and say, "Shut your mouth. You don't need that." No, sir. Here's what you need. Repent and be baptized. Every one of you name Jesus Christ and shout against the Holy Ghost. Yes, sir. That's what he said. Oh, does he really say that? Yes, sir. He sure does. Well, that's just the way I wrote it. That's just the way he says it. Yes, sir. Some of them said, "Tear you see Jerusalem till you do with power on high since the Holy Ghost come upon you. Be witness to me in Jerusalem, Judea, Samir, and other most parts of the world." When you're ready, hallelujah. That's what you need. Amen. You know what he does? He just gets them right down there to the get it. That's all. Stays right with them. If they start fussing, he said, "Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute." That's the way goats act, not sheep. Or sometimes they get a little peeved at him, but he kind of pat him on the back a little bit. Said, "Wait a minute." All right. He really knows how to control them sheep. Yes, sir. I'll tell you. You know what? I've seen Archbishop so and so tell him if he could come in this town and hold a meeting, but you know, I kind of let him. I said, "Go anyhow." See, went through all these tapes and don't you let them go out. We went anyhow went over in these towns here said, "Well, we won't spot." And you know the devil got down there said, "I bet you I can keep him out of that town." I said, "You can't do it. If I tell him to go, he'll go. I bet you go." No, no, no, no. I'll tell him. I'm going to say, "Hey, all my agents, you all gather together. You don't want that old fanaticism down here. All that old divine healing, that old Holy Ghost stuff that passed back with the apostles years ago, you know, that's no good back there trying to get them old iron weeds and everything like that. Saved it. But you know what? It went right on down there. Went right on down there and begins to ride alpha alpha from And you know what? Them sheep started eating, they get as fat as they can be. Yes, sir. While they're having healings and meetings and you know a lot of them young fellas begin while they seen they got a big bunch of hay like that alone with it. It was so good to run over to their neighbors. They taste this. Taste this. Like this. Right here. Here it is. Right here. Right here. Every one of you be baptized in the name of Jesus. See you get the Holy Ghost for whosoever will. Let him come. Let him come here to see what the Bible says. See, and they're just having a great time down there. Oh, that's my son. That's my boy. Oh, you think he's well matured? Yep. Sure do. Said Holy Spirit. I'll give him test. Boy, I tried him this way. tried him that way. I throw him down sick. I put him on the I stomped him. I let the devil do everything good could do. He come right back up again. Come up again. I made him sick. I done this. I told him in the hospital. I took him out here. I've done this. I've done that. I turned his wife against him. I turned his neighbors against him. I turned everything. That didn't make a bit of difference. He said, "Oh, he slave me and I trust him." Amen. I killed his family. I tucked this. I did this. I done all this. I did this. Still he stood right up. Though he slave me, yet I'll serve him. He's mine. Oh, well, I believe we ought to call him out somewhere to a little special place and have an adoption. Now when the father in the Old Testament understood that his son was come of age and had been seasoned out unto adoption unto they're born a child but what their son right then but then they'll never be no more than just a child just an ordinary son until they mature and show what they are then he calls him out then now here we are church are you ready now it's a little bit state. Everybody bite your finger, pinch your soul, and pluck your heart just for a minute. See? Amen. Now, we're going to place the church. Now, when the church gets to that place, he says, "Manasses, you belong over here. Ephraim, you over here." Then he takes them out to a certain place, the father does, and he sets them up on a high place like this. and he has a ceremony and they all come around and he said, "I want everyone to know that this is my child and I adopt my son. I want anyone to know from hence forth that his name I dress him up with special dress on him. And I want you to know that his name is just as good on any check as my name is. He's my child. I'll adopt him into my family. Although he's been my son since he was born, since he received the Holy Ghost, he's been my son. But now I'm going to place him positionally in authority. What he fires is fires. What he hires is hard. Amen. Verily, verily, I say to you, this if you say to this mountain, be moved and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you said will come to pass. You can have what you said. Amen. There you are. There you are. See, he's my son. How many knows that the adoption if they adopted the son after he had proved to be a Everybody ever read the Bible placing a son. Now, God did the same thing to his son when he took Jesus up on Mount Transfiguration. He talked Peter, James, and John up there. That's three witnesses of the earth. There was Jesus, Moses, and Elijah, and God up on the mountain. There they stood up on the mountain and first thing you know they looked and Jesus was glorified before them. Is that right? How many know that's the scripture? What did he do? He dressed in in the robe of immortality. And he said his raignment shine like the sun. Is that right? And a cloud overshadowed him and Peter and John fell on their face and they looked and there stood Moses and Elisha talking to him. And Moses had been dead on buried in an unmarked grave for 800 years. And Elijah took a chariot ride to heaven 500 years before that. Amen. But they were still there. There they was talking to him. Amen. See, he had taken Jesus up to see them to see what it was all about. See there? Showed him these things and they talked with him, had a conversation with him. Then as soon as Peter looked back again and the glorification was all for Jesus, they seen Jesus only. And a voice come from that cloud said, "This is my beloved son." Here ye him. His name is just as good as mine. Here ye him. That's it. adopted or placed sons. Now, that's where God is trying to get the Pentecostal church in the book of Ephesians. Yes. See, do you do you understand? We got to close because it's getting too late. See, the kid is getting sleepy. And I wanted to get down here to this verse right here, but I can't do it till the uh the 13th verse. See the last part? Sealed by the Holy Ghost of promise. We'll get that Sunday. Look now, how what brings us in and how we're kept by this? But now to place how are you? You're first born into the kingdom by the Holy Ghost. How many know that? All right. The next you are predestinated unto the what? Adoption. What is that? You are predestinated unto the placing. Oh, Sister Scott, I believe this. Aren't you the one who's born today? A teaching going around somewhere in the world around different parts of the country. I've heard of it lots that Jesus is here on earth walking around in a body and he comes in and does this. That's a lie. This Holy Spirit here. Amen. And he is trying to place his church to get his church in order. placed it in the promised land so they could enter so that all the enemies can be drove out. Manasses can't take his land. I can't have a healing service when half of the when the I go out there and preach the baptism in the name of Jesus Christ and the trinitarian brethren said, "Oh, he's on Jesus only. I can't go over here and have a divine healing when a half of them says divine healing is all right." A lot of them enjoy the miracles of the Lord. They say, "Well, I believe Brother Ben's a prophet." But let me tell you something. As long as the spirit is on him and he's discerning, he's the Lord's servant. But his teaching is rotten, it's no good. Who ever heard of such Tommy rot? Amen. It's either of God or it isn't of God. It's either all God or none God. That's the way it is. But how you going to have Manassus won't keep his ground. Ephraim won't keep his ground. Gad won't keep his ground. Benjamin won't keep in town. They're all running out here with the Philistines and all mixed up. How are we going to get placed? Amen. But we have been born by the Holy Ghost. All of us. Is that right? What are we be born to? Predestinated then after being born, we are predestinated unto the adoption to be placed. Amen. In the body of Christ. You see what I mean? What is the body of Christ? Some are apostles, some are prophets, some are teachers, some are evangelists, and some are pastors. Is that right? We're called to others have gifts of tongues, interpretation of tongues, wisdom, knowledge, miracles, working of miracles, all these different gifts. And now what they do? They practice that a little bit. Why? Let it run loose just like I don't know what one raised up speak in tongues the other way talking preacher be preaching make all the calls somebody raised up speaking in tong hallelujah Lord God if the if the preacher happens to go on with his message being anointed then the people say oh backslider see it's because they're not taught the Bible said the spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophets God is no author of confusion and I'm standing You're on our ministry, you're under the anointing of God. No matter how much you want to speak with tongues, you hold your peace for God's finished years. Then if you speak with tongues, it can't be just some repeating of scripture because God said, "Don't use vain repetition." Amen. But it's a message directly to somebody. Ask me one time. Put your finger on one time that the Holy Spirit ever under the discernment told somebody to repeat the scripture over and over. It told them something that was wrong with them and something that they had done and something that they must do or something had to happen or something like that. Is that right? So speaking in tongues and interpretation. If there's one in the church that speaks with tongues and another interpret it, let us say this. Let brother Neville raise up and speak with tongues and this brother here get the interpretation. Say tell man that yesterday you went out here and done something ought to have done. Now the doctor told him he had cancer. Go make that thing right and come back here and get right with God. come and say truly that's the truth then God's with you but how are we going to do it this way see it's just haphazard anyways no placing at all now that's see Ephesians are trying see they miss that see how they miss it we are predestinated unto the adoption of sons now how many understands what I mean raise up your hand adoption we're armed in the spirit of God, sure to receive the Holy Ghost. We cry out ab father. Hallelujah. Glory to God. We're That's right. We're children, but we can't get nowhere. We can't whip the Philistines. Look at Billy Graham standing over there in that Mohamad saying proven. Look at Jack Cole stand down there in that atheist that Church of Christ shaking hands with the atheist out there and taking hands supposed to be a Christian and shaking hands with a devil like Joe Lewis and a free thinker and even cussed God and said there was no such a thing as a god anyhow to begin with and things like that and a church that called themselves a church of Christ shaking hands with them and taking sides against brother Jack. not going to do anything. And the Pentecostals, many of them against him. That's right. Whenever a preacher in Orlando stood toe-to-toe with him and said, "God, send down your power." Amen. See, there we are where it can't be placed. Ephraim don't want to stay. One of them go over here. We find the pastor gets over here. Oh my. The Lord's g me a good cornfield. And here comes over here again. Said, "Well, now wait. I suppose wait. oats. But I'm going to get corn, too. Hallelujah. See, you ain't got nothing to do with corn. Get oats. Oats is your part to raise. You ain't supposed to hurt sheep when you're supposed to hurt cattle. That's right. God wants to place the church. But every one of them wants to do the same thing. Hallelujah. You can't tell them a thing about it. No. No. Just still got that goaty nature. But but but but see, you can't tell them. That's right. Isn't that true? Amen. And you can't place the church. See, the church is supposed to be predestinated unto the adoption of children where a man, God can take a man and adopt him into the family. Give him something that's first. Try that and see if it's right. The Bible said, "Try the spirit." Amen. This man claims a certain thing. Try it and see if it's right. If it's right, move right with it. and say, "Lord, send us something else." Amen. Keep moving. See, just keep moving. Never thought it take his place. Then you're going to see the church of God begin to get its place. Then when the Philistines will go to backing up. Amen. The shorts will go off. Hair will go down. Faces will be washed. Cigars will be missing. That's right. When the church begins to get into its mighty power, when we have an anonym of them. Yes, sir. Yes. You'll see when that holy church stands together in his power positionally placed as sons of God adopted into the family of God. Powerful church standing there in its glory. That's what he's coming for. Amen. See how far we are off, brethren. You can't even get together on scripture. And any man, any man that can't see the water baptism in the Bible in the name of Jesus Christ, he's either blind or something mentally wrong. And that's where the big fight is. Amen. I I'll tell any person that'll bring thee any scripture where anybody was ever baptized in any other name besides the name of Jesus Christ in the new church. or if he was baptized any other way, he had to be baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ to get the Holy Ghost. You come show me. There's not no such. There's no such a commission. When Jesus said over there, "Go ye therefore teach all nations baptize them in the name." Amen. Of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Neither one's a name. None of them. Yeah. Peter turned right 10 days later said repent be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and every word in the Bible and then here was some was baptized down there some other way but John just repentance Paul said you got to be rebaptized again you got to come again oh but we've been baptized by a great holy man John he baptized Jesus like this is the gospel this is the spirit of God that's been to be revealed to me I am an apostle El of the Lord. And if an angel from heaven comes and preaches anything else, yes, let me read that. The Bible said if an Paul said if an angel from heaven said anything else, bishop, archbishop, pope, overseer, whatever he may be, if he preaches anything else besides this that I've preached unto you, let him be accursed. Amen. There's no We have no such customs as that, no sir. You just there's just no such thing. We And then then see why is it people can't see that? Why is it people won't won't believe that? See somebody hit it right there again. Predestinated. Exactly. Why? All the father has given me will what? Come to me. How exactly? All the father has given me will come will come to me. What's the matter me trying to find here? Here we have. All right. Let me just read this verse and then I'll tell you what Paul the things that the very message I preached tonight. Here's what Paul said on predestination on water baptism in Jesus name the Holy Ghost baptism the setting in the church and so forth. Here's what he said. I marvel telling these Galatians that you're so soon moved from him that called you unto grace of Christ. I am so ashamed of you in other words that you let somebody come in and twist you away from that unto another gospel which is not another but there'll be some that trouble you and would prevent the gospel of Christ prevent the real gospel of Christ. But watch now. Remember, it was Paul that constrained every person that had not been baptized in the name of Jesus Christ to come and be baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ. How many know that? How many know it was Paul that said, "These secrets have been hid since the foundation of the world and been revealed to him that we were predestinated to be the sons of God unto adoption." It was Paul. Look at what he says. But though we are an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be a curse. Amen. Just don't say I don't agree with you, mister. Just let him be a curse. Let me read the next verse. As we said before, so say I now again, if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that we have already received, let him be a cursed. That's right. Now, brother, sister, if it was God the other day, and I I say that hop and not irreverence that taken me to see this little I get excited. I don't get to get excited. I just get blessed in preaching. I get beside myself and I keep you here till I know you're sleepy and tired. But oh, I if you if you could only know how I want you over there. And when I once I say this again, when I when he said I said it, would he said, "Would you like to see what the end is?" And I look back and see myself laying there on the bed. Surely you've known me long enough to know that and I'll tell you the truth. I want to ask you something. As Samuel said before the anointed, have I ever told you anything in the name of the Lord but what was true? Is that right? Always been true. Have I ever come begged you for money or anything like that? I never have. Have I ever did anything but tried my best to lead you to Christ? Exactly. Now they want to say I'm a mental telepathicist. you know, uh, super sensient perceptionist. Of course, them things has got to rise. The Bible said they would as Jambers and Jamis withtood Moses. They did pretty nearly the same thing Moses did for it to come to a showdown. That's right. But remember, Jambas and Jambis could not heal. They could not heal. They could bring plagues but not take them away. See? All right. Now, God is the healer. God's word remains true. I have tried to be honest with you. I've tried to tell you the truth. I for about 31 years I've stood at this pull pit off and on for 31 years and someday may leave to go to glory inside this pulpit. There's been a wife, a daughter, father, brothers, all bearded right across their precious friends. I've watched your caskets and the flowers set here and know someday that mine will be too. That's true. But sincerely from all my heart, I tell you with all my heart, I believe I preach to you the true gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. I believe that you should be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ and receive the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And whenever you do, it'll bring to you a joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, meekness, gentleness, patience, faith. And the other day, what happened to me on that morning, I don't know. I can't say yet. Whether I was here at my body and just seen a vision or whether I was taken away from here over there, I don't know. I can't say. Only thing I know that I I was always afraid of dying, that little place of sting, but not afraid that Jesus wouldn't come get me. Now, I wasn't afraid of that cuz I I didn't fear that. But if I'd meet you and just be a little old myth flying out through the air. But I see now. And I've seen those people. They were real. Yes. Amen. They were people who once associated with me here on earth. Even to my first wife. She wasn't my wife. She was my sister. She never called me her husband. She called me her darling brother. There was no sex, no feelings of that type. It couldn't be. It was perfect. It was sweetness. It was perfection. I'm wondering. I don't know. I'm wondering is that what she seen before she left the earth when she was young in the hospital when I called her and she said, "Billy, you have preached it. You've talked about it." But she said, "You don't know what it is." She said, "I have no more desire to say." Amen. I wonder if that's what it is that that godly, saintly old man of FF Bosworth who stood in this pulpit who's preached with me around different parts of the world. Old FF Bosworth, all of you nearly knew him. Godly, saintly old man. Two hours before, well, about a week or two before he left, I went to him and there he laid back there way nearly 90 years old. His little arms reached out, his little bald head and that white whiskers on his face. I'd grab that old man in my arms and I scream, "My father, my father, the chariots of Israel and the horsemen thereof." For if there ever was a man that ever represented Pentecost and was a true apostle, it was FF Bosworth. Clean, straight, real gospel. See, it was Bosworth. And when I held him in my arm and I screamed, "My father, my father, the chariots of Israel and the horsemen thereof," he said, "Son, stay on the field." Said, "Beat some of these young fellas to the foreign fields if you can before they get a lot of fanaticism over there. Take them that real gospel that you've got." He said, "Your ministry hasn't began yet or what it will." Said, "You're a brand new Brandon." Said, "You're a young son." I said, "Brother Boswell, I'm 48 years old." He said, "You haven't started yet." He said, "Don't let these young Pentecostal preachers get over there. That's a lot of nonsense and poison the thing up and get all the the diplomats and all the country against it before you get there." Said, "Move on, brother Brandon. Go on with the gospel that you got." He said, "I I believe that you are an apostle or a prophet of the Lord our God." I looked at him. I hugged him in my arm. I said, "Brother Bosworth, I want to ask you a question. What was the happiest time of your moment of your all your years that you preached?" He said, "Right now, Brother Danny." I said, "Do you know you're dying?" He said, "I cannot die." Amen. I said, "What? Why would you say this is your happiest time? There's a little door." He said, "I'm laying here with my face turned towards that door most any minute. the one that I've loved, the one that I preached for and stood for all these my life. He'll come to that door for me and I'll go with him. I looked at him. I thought I I look at his name as I would be at Abraham, Isaac, or Jacob. I tuck his hand. I said, "Brother Bosworth, we both believe the same God. We believe the same thing. By the grace of God, I'll preach until the last breath leaves my body. I'll stay true to God as I know how to stay. I'll not compromise with the gospel on any side or any place. I'll stay as true as I know to stay. Brother Bosworth, I'll meet you in a better land or you'll not be young, not be old anymore, but young and said, "You'll be there, brother. Don't you worry." An hour before, two hours before he died, about two months later, I thought he's dying. A wife come in, seen him. He always thought so much of her. And then Mrs. Bosworth about two hours he'd been laying sleeping. He raised up. He looked and he jumped up from his bed. He said, "Mother, well, I haven't seen you for years." Dad, brother Jim, why said I see you was one of my converts to the Lord in Joliet, Illinois. You'd been dead for 50 years. Oh, yes. He said, "Your sister so and so." Yes. I led you to the Lord at at the Winnipeg meeting. Yeah. Why? Your sister so and so. I haven't seen you yet. See you come to the Lord at so and so. And for two straight hours, he shook hands with ones that he had led to the Lord. Amen. walked right back to his place, laid down, cross his hand, and that was Did Brother Fosworth enter that land that Jesus let me view the other night? Hallelujah. If it is, is there a young man tonight? God bless his soul. And may I ever live so faithful that I'll enter that land. And may I be so true a servant to Christ. I'm ashamed of my life. I'm ashamed be I sin before you people. You you ought to me to come tell me. See, I try to live upright and everything that God lets me do by his grace. See, but look, friends, you ought to me if you know anything that's wrong with my life, come help me, sir. And look, I owe it to you to stand here and preach you the true gospel. How about you? Because I'm expecting to see each one of your faces, young men and women, just across that border, yonder. That's just one breath between where you are now and there. Now, that's right. It's there. And may the God of all grace, the God of heaven, not sacriiggious, but in reverence Papa on that great day when we be presented back here and have our earthly bodies again so we can drink and eat the grapes and the fruit of the land. They will build houses and another won't inhabit. They'll plant vineyards and another won't eat thereof. See, one man plants a vineyard, his son takes it and then his son takes it and his but not in this case. Amen. He'll plant it and stay there. That's right. We'll be there forever. And may in that land may I see every one of you. And I know that I'm talking in here even a trinitarian minister. And my brethren, I do not say this. I do not say this to her. I'm a trinitarian too. I believe in the trinity, the three attributes of God, father, son, and holy ghost, but not three gods. Amen. See, I believe to be three attributes. Absolutely. I do that with all my heart. Father, son, and holy spirit, but they are not three gods. They're just three attribut sunship and now the holy ghost. It's the same God and three offices. And they have and father, son, and holy ghost is not no name of God. Amen. God has one name and his name is Jesus. Yeah. The Bible said the family in heaven is named Jesus and the family in earth is named Jesus. That's right. So God had one name human name. He was had a name called Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Rabbi. That was his titles of deity. But he had one name Jesus. That's him. And truly, my brethren, if you disagree with me, remember I I'll meet you over there anyhow. See, I I'll be there with you. and God bless you and I love you and I want the church to remember now Sunday morning we're going to pick up from here and I'm going to try not to keep you no longer than 2:00 so you have an afternoon meeting if we possibly can and if I do as well as I've done tonight 10:30 do you forgive me friends we ain't got much time left honey have I call you honey because you are you are my honeys Amen. You know what? Let here's the scripture come. Paul said, "I am jealous over you, his church with godly jealous." Amen. For I espouse you. There you are. That's got it. That's it. Amen. For I expose you, engage you to Christ as the chase virgin. Amen. Now if that was true then on that day he said then the people said to me he said Jesus will come to you and you will present us to him a chase virgin. Amen. Judged by the word that you preached to me. And look if I preach you just what Paul preached to his church if his group gets in ours will too cuz we got this. Amen. Let us bow our heads down while we say God bless you. Amen. That was sobering and powerful. So much in that. Thank the Lord. We have some prayer requests tonight. Um, and we have an update on Sister Lorie Snow that I'll read to you. Let me see if it will enlarge. Okay. Update on my mom. We have just We are just waiting to thank the Lord Jesus. Wanting to thank the Lord Jesus. The doctors had told mom that she wouldn't be able to walk before her discharge date on June 30th. Her legs were just too weak. She had asked the Lord to answer her prayer of walking out of the rehab facility before she was discharged. In just two days, things have changed. Yesterday, she was able to stand and put weight on her legs. And today she was able to walk half of the length of the parallel bars that her physical therapist put her on. Even though her right leg is still weak, strength is coming back. And that has been nothing but the Lord. We give God all the glory for his touching hand. Amen. God answers prayer. Amen. Let's uh continue to remember um the police officer from the Phoenix Tabernacle. Um uh brother Fosio had his funeral already. Understand it was a big big to-do. The family needs prayer. I'm sure sister Gail Fasil in the church in Sacramento over the loss of brother Fred. Of course, brother, sister Lorie Snow continue, brother Bob Figueroa, our pastor, one another. Uh, also, uh, Elis and I have a daughter, Christina, and she is expecting, uh, the doctors have moved up her, she's going to do a C-section, uh, two weeks, so that'll be next month. the baby is not exactly feeding off of the umbil umbilical cord if I said that right but is getting nourishment some way I don't understand at all but if you can remember her and um anything that we've missed that anyone wants to mention mention okay Okay. Amen. Anybody have unspoken requests or lifted up hands? Okay. Wonderful. Let's sing a song before we go to prayer. God is good all the time. Heat. Heat. God is good. He's so good all the time. God is good. [Applause] all the time. He put a song of praise in his heart and God is good all night. [Music] His light will shine. God is good. God is good. [Music] Amen. We're going to go to the Lord in prayer now. And you're welcome to just sit or kneel in your pews. The altar is also open. Just take a little seat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Brother Trevor, if you can come up and close close out the service, the song or two. And when we when we have our dismissive prayer, there's request. I forgot. It's a brother named Leo Dati who uh fell down at his home, caused him to have seizures, went to the hospital, and they found an artery that was torn and something else with his artery and he needs to be switched to another hospital, but they he's too delicate to even do that. So, he's kind of in a predicament. This was from brother But this brother Leo, he does live here in Tucson. If you can some I uh I actually have a testimony I'd like to share. Not mine. It's back from 1883, but if I you know, forgive me if I'm stepping on an informality, but this is for a background to a song. And I think there's a lot of songs that are written with um such a incredible backstory and you know beautiful songs that we have that we take for granted. I think sometimes we don't really understand the you know the trial that went into making that. For me like the Lord gave me a song but I was you know at my house and it just fell on my heart. But I like to just read this one. keep it short. Um, but this is a story about Major Daniel Whittle. He um, he surrendered his life to God. Um, it doesn't I don't remember when. I didn't get that date, but back in the 1800s. And he gave his life to God in a Wells Fargo bank one night. And one day in 1862, him and his fianceé, they got married. And the exact following day, he was uh called to the Civil War. And while leading the charge, he was wounded in his right arm and taken as a prisoner of war. And while in the prisoner of war camp, he grew bored while on the men and noticed a New Testament Bible next to his cot and began reading it. One night, he was woken up by the nurse asking him to pray for another young prisoner of war. He declined to pray, but the nurse said, "I thought you were a Christian because you were reading your Bible." And after some back and forth in his mind, he decided to pray for him. This was in his words what he's uh noted as saying, quote, "I dropped on my knees and held the boy's hand and mine, and a few broken words, I confessed my sins and asked Jesus to forgive me. I believed right there that he did forgive me. I then prayed earnestly for the boy. He became quiet and pressed my hand as I prayed and pleaded for God's promises. When I rose from my knees, he was dead. He took a He There was a look of peace that had come over his troubled face. And I cannot but believe that God used God who used him to bring me to that to the Savior used me to lead him to trust Christ's precious blood and find pardon. I hope to meet him in heaven. And then he later went on to write the verses to the song I know whom I believe in as a testimony of his experience. So I hope that was a blessing to you. So let's all stand as we as we sing that. I know not why God's wonderous grace to me he hath made known. For why unworthy Christ in love, redeemed me for his own. But I know who I have believeth and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how that is saving faith to me he did in part. Nor how believing in his word brought peace within my heart. [Music] But I know I have believe it and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. I know not how the spirit rules convincing men of sin reing Jesus through the word creating faith in him. But I know I have believe it and am persuaded that he is aable to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. [Music] I know not what of good or ill may be reserved for me of weery ways or golden days before his face. Let's take that last verse. I know not when my Lord may come at night or noon day fair. [Music] Nor if I'll walk the veil with him or meet him in the air. But I know who I have believed and am persuaded that he is aable to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. But I know I have believed it and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I've committed unto him against that day. Amen. Brother Tim, would you come forward and close the service with a word of prayer? Brother Joe, what was the the name of that brother Leo? I will remember him in prayer. Jesus, thank you for this day. Lord, thank you for allowing everyone to gather together safely within your presence and in your will. Pray you bless everyone's prayers and that you may fulfill them if they be in your will. And please help brother Leo as he goes through his trials. Lord, be with him. Lord, show him your power and your grace. keep everyone safe and pray that we you may be on all of our minds tomorrow and for the rest of our life that we may never forget to praise you Lord in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be dismissed. [Music] Take the name of Jesus with you, child of sorrow and of woe. It will joy and comfort bring you. Take it every day. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Take the name of Jesus ever as a shield from every snare. If temptations round you gather, [Applause] breathe that holy name in prayer, precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. Oh, the precious name of Jesus, how it thrills our souls with joy. In his loving arms receive us and his songs our tongues employees name. Oh how sweet hope of earth and joy of heaven. precious name. [Music] Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. At the name of Jesus, bowing, falling, bro straight at his feet. King of kings in heaven. We'll crown him when our journey is complete, precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven, precious name. Oh, how sweet. Hope of earth and joy of heaven. [Music] Happy birthday. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
