################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-10 - Wednesday Evening 04-09-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-10
Title:   Wednesday Evening 04-09-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K5XJahyPNRA
========================================

[Music] [Music] to do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] through the world. My heart Hallelujah. Jesus to you. Praise to you. is healing. Jesus your name gives sight. Jesus your name will break every captive. Jesus your name is life. Oh Jesus your name is holy. Jesus your name brings light. Jesus your name above every other than Jesus. Brother Joe, can you come and open your service with prayer? Let's sing that one again, sister. Oh, let's all stand. Jesus, your name is holy. Jesus, your name brings life. Jesus your name. Jesus your name is alive. Brother Joe comes. Brother Joe Robson. God bless you, brother. Welcome you all to Wednesday night's service. Good to see you all. happy faces and my it's getting hotter these days and I know it's the winter's I think it's over spring is here and but here we are thirsting for the Lord thirsting for him and we come into this place and to his presence let's welcome him may all of you be filled and leave a different better so God bless you all brother Joe bless you This one we'll pray tonight. Welcome mom and dad. Nice to have you with us tonight. We got a lot folks out and traveling and different things. So, we want to hold up each one and our precious sister Lori is coming through. So, let's go to the master. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church tonight. Many places we could be, Lord. Busy things to do, jobs, Lord. And we're thankful to be in church tonight. little sacrifice, Lord, and lift up your name and worship all that we have within us, Lord, and just magnify you, thank you, praise you, worship you, Lord, for all you've done in our lives, what you're doing tonight, Lord, as we expect to hear from you and what you're going to do for us. We know the time is very soon, very short, and we want to be ready, Lord. Whatever it is, purge that old flesh, Lord, and make us more like you. be with those that are unable to be here. Lord, the sick, the lonely, our sister Deborah may may be still in the hospital. I know she's fighting the battle and different ones. Lord, pray just continue to bring sister Lori through as our hearts bleed and ache for her and just trusting in almighty God tonight, the power, powerful creator that you are. Lord, we thank you for our brother Zack, our young people, each one that brings a the little light, Lord, that we have a little bonfire here tonight as we worship and love you. Pray for our pastor. We thank you for them, this burden, hold them up each and every day. And again, those are not here, we pray that you'd comfort them at this time as well. We love you and thank you. The name of our Lord and Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ. All God's people say, amen. [Music] Oh, we we're happy to be here. Good to see you all again. God bless you. We can like to greet each other with the blessings. Let them know you're one of the few. One of the few. One of the few. Oh, one of the few. Oh, one of the few. And by faith in God's word, I can claim it. Although may seem long though the opposition strong for the bride. There's a way provided. If I plan to go through just to hope will not do, I must be firmly decided. Those who follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. Oh, one of the few. Oh, one of the few and by faith in God's word I can claim it. Though May may seem long, though the opposition strong for the bride, there's a way proided. If I plan to go through just to burn. Oh, we must be firmly decided. Oh, to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm to follow to follow the Lord. Oh, to follow the Lord by obeying his word and believe that I'm one of the few. God bless you all. You may take your seats. Standing on the promises of Christ, my king. Through eternal ages, let his praises ring. Glory in the highest. I will shout and sing. Standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing, standing, standing on the promises of Christ my Savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises that can not fail. When the howling storms of doubt and fear assail by the living word of God, I shall prevail. Standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing, standing, standing on the promises of Christ my Savior. Standing, standing, I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises of Christ the Lord, bound to him eternally by his love, strong cord, overcoming daily with the spirit sword. I'm standing on the promises of God. Standing, [Music] standing, standing on the promises of Christ, my savior. Standing, standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, standing on the promises. I can not fall. Listening every moment to the spirit's call. Resting in my savior as my all and all. Standing on the promises of God. I'm standing [Music] standing standing on the promises of Christ my savior. Standing standing. I'm standing on the promises of God. Amen. and sister. Let's go in the key of D. Oh, thank you, Lord God. Let's go ahead and sing that song. Psalms 34. I sought the Lord and he answered me. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are [Music] radant. They'll never be ashamed. There'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. This poor man [Music] cried. And the Lord heard me from my enemies. The son of God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name. together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come and exalt his name [Applause] forever. Oh, taste and see. Isn't he good? Oh, hallelujah. Oh, blessed is he who hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all ye saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise may our end. Let us bless the Lord. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name [Music] forever. Hallelujah. Lord, we lift your name, your holy name. We lift him up, Lord. Let's sing that together. Let's shall we stand and sing that to him as brother Israel would come. Yes. Sing the first verse on that. Lord, my heart can grow so far away and cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. Lord, I bend my knee in awe and fear of thee. My head bowed down in reence to your name. I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Follow him the great I am the risen lamb my comforter and oh hallelujah hallelujah Oh Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with spirit. Isn't that your desire tonight? Oh, my purpose is to worship you alone. Oh, open up my soul into worship and adore to be a fragrance offer to your throne. I lift your name. Your holy name. Jehovah God. Hello him. How great. I am the ris lamb. My comforter and king. Oh Lord, I lift your name. name, your holy name, Jehovah God. Elohim, the great. I am the reason I lamb my comfort. Let's harmonize together. Oh, sing it unto him. Oh Lord, I lift your name. your holy name. [Music] Hova God him the great I am the risen lamb my comforter Churcher and King. Oh Lord, I live your heart. God know him. The great I am the risen lamb my [Music] comfort. Amen. God bless you saints. So good to be in the house of the Lord with you tonight. God bless you richly. We like to go right into the word. Um, brother Bham is going to be finishing up the message influence that we started last week Wednesday and his scripture reading is in Isaiah chapter 6. If you'd like to turn there to go read from the word. Amen. We greet the Robson tonight and each of you. God bless you. Amen. Isaiah chapter 6 in a great vision here in verse number [Music] one. In the year that King Uzziah died, I saw also the Lord sitting up on a throne high and lifted up and his train filled the temple. Above it stood the saraphims. Each one had six wings. With twain he covered his face. With twain he covered his feet. With twain he did fly. And one cried unto another, saying, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts. The whole earth is full of his glory." And the post of the door moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke. Then said I, "Woe is me, for I am undone, because I am a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips. For my eyes eyes have seen the King, the Lord of Hosts." Then flew one of the seraraphims unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongues from off the altar. He laid it upon my mouth and said, "Lo, this hath touched thy lips, and thy iniquity is taken away, and thy sin purged." Also, I heard the voice of the Lord, saying, "Whom shall I send and whom will go for us?" Then said I, "Here am I. Send me." Amen. Is that your answer to the Lord today? Lord, send me. Amen. So let's sing that old hymn. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe that all things are possible. Only believe. [Music] Only believe, only that all things are possible, only willing. God bless you. You may be seated, brother Brandham. the Lord. Right now, you've got something, but be careful with it. You'll ruin your influence if that thing doesn't come to pass. You know what I mean? Or you say, "I I don't care where you belong, brother, sister. It's got to happen exactly the way you said it. If it isn't, you've only made yourself a laughingtock. You've only brought disgrace upon yourself, ruined your influence, and ruined the testimony of Jesus Christ that you're bearing. Be careful. Now, your doctrine on them things are all right, but it goes by promise and under conditions. So be careful about your influence. You're God. Sometimes we find that someone spoke in tonesues, the other wants to imitate him. You speak in tonesues too. One sees one given interpretation and say, "I got it too." And you go by impressions and then say, "Thus sayith the Lord." Well, that's wrong. And God will never move you any further than what you are right now. Just an organization until you get out of that. Now, you might not like me now, but at the day of the judgment, you love me. Be sure. Don't you say it unless God says so and you know that it is the truth that God said so. Not your opinion, but not some impression because you can be impressed. Anyway, those prophets down there when Jehoshaphat and and Ahab were sitting in the gates, them men were sincere and they were inspired. But you see their inspiration didn't cope with the promise of the Bible because the prophet Isaiah beg pardon uh the prophet um had prophesied before them Elisha Elijah and cursed Ahab and Jezebel and said what would happen to him. So how could this blessing be on what God had cursed? And how can the blessing be upon people that's doing and acting the way God said not to do? Though we dance in the spirit, though we speak with tongues like men and angels and have not charity, it becomes as a sounding brass, a tickling sin. Now you've got truth, but you've got to come to a different just a a bigity. You know what I mean? Just something to be hollering about. And I believe in hollering about it. He's got something to holler about. But be sure you approach that with the very depths of sincerity. That's right. If you live a different life than what you should live, keep still until you get that life gets the living in you. Then automatically, do you know the sheep isn't asked to manufacture wool? No, he can't manufacture it. These gifts cannot be manufactured by emotion. This church cannot be manufactured by organization. A sheep bears wool because he is a sheep. He can't help bearing wool for his whole system's made up to bear wool. We must be what we are inside, not something outside. How can we know what's right and then speak something contrary? Did not Jesus say, "You hypocrites? How can you say good things when the abundance of the heart speak of the mouth?" We must be sure that when we speak these things that they're correct. now to hurry up and I must hurry because I guess I'm too late now. Will you bear with me just a minute longer? Sure. Yes. Isaiah learned right here. No matter how great the organization was, how great the man was, oh God, to give him thousands and millions of dollars of this uh age that we're living in, that meant not one thing before God. His word was it. His word is his ultimate. That settles it. You must keep his word. humble yourself with it. Notice then we find out that he done something contrary to the word and he was cursed by it. No matter how great he was, how great David was, a man after God's own heart, yet got away from the word, thou shalt not commit adultery. But David is lifted up. He thought, well, God don't pay no attention to this. God pays attention to every thought that you think of. Let your thoughts be exactly right. What was the matter? Now is because that he forgot it. He for he went away from it. Never forgot it because he was told better. Now God puts his man in a place and he will not accept another. There's no one can take the other man's place. A brother Green here a few moments ago. That music I long times I heard brother Green and it was really it thrilled my heart. A good man. But I was reading the days of Mrs. McFersonson. When I seen uh some of the things that went on, Mrs. McFersonson was a was a influential woman. But I noticed that every lady minister had to carry a Bible this way, Mrs. Mc. Oh my. And we we find the same thing as 10,000 Billy Grahams today. Do you ever notice them try to talk just like him? You be what you are. Stay what you are. You can't be Billy Graham and Billy Graham can't be you. Your place is just as important as Billy Graham. If you're working for the popularity of the world you might try to impersonate, you'll get nowhere in the kingdom of God. I'd rather be a doorman at the house of God. Stay with what you are, what God made you. Oh, how we can stay. The reason they do that is because they're not conscious that God's watching. See, you lose the very thought of of God being there listening at you. God's putting down everything you're thinking about. And he knows it in his recording book. Your thoughts are louder than heaven and your voice is on the earth. Think the right thing. As I said to little Joseph, I said, um, a little boy is born in this world. He stands right in the middle of a road and he's pointed to Calvary, to Christ. There's a tree on either side of the road, one on the left side, which I'll call the wrong. If he just starts smacking little boys in the face because they smack him. And if they start doing these things, it pulls that little boy with the influence and it makes him crooked. But if he takes his other side of the road, which is the Holy Spirit, it points him straight to Calvary and keeps him that way. It makes you grow straight. Your thoughts, it's just as easy to think good thoughts as it is to think bad. Just as easy to think good of those who speak evil of you as it is vice versa. And a lot better than make you grow straight. Stay straight with God. Now to hurry up. The vision at the temple, he saw God upon his throne lifted up. Oh no. The heavenly serapens uh which means burners uh special designed person. When this uh Isaiah went down to the temple, he had been leading up on the shoulder of of uh as K. And wherever the king went, he but he found out that when the king, no matter how influenced he had been, influential been to him and the things that he had done that was great. He found out that when he tried to take another's place, he failed. We have so much today of carnal impersonation. What does it do? Let me take ahead. Uh, notice today God sends something on the earth and when we do, what happens? Everybody has to be the same. Not long ago, they brought a little Pentecostal boy up by the name of little David Walker. And that little boy was a preacher. I've heard a little boy saying, "Uh, little baby Jesus born into me. Mama, what was that next?" See, but not that little boy. I went to hear him. He threw off his coat and tucked a text and handled like a virgin. But I believe he belonged to the oneness group. Well, now the Trinity group ain't going to stand stand up for that. I'll tell you that. So, they got them a little David. And when the little boy got down in Florida, he called me come down there and help him. And I took the front page of the paper and they had to put an extra section in it for the little Davids. Little boy, little girls, little B, three-year-old, 2-year-old, everybody trying to hold their little group together. It seems to me like it become a Pentecostal meal ticket. If all them brothers would have got around that little boy and kept him prayed over him and things, he wouldn't get exalted up and sent him into all the groups and make him keep his his doctrine to himself, but just go ahead and preach it for all, you know, one tens of thousands of little children. But they got little impersonations up in the outside world coming in here. They heard of a little David and here's one greater than little David. So they come around and look at it and say, well, they go over there and see a total flop. So then they go back and say, there you are. When they hear somebody speak in tongues and give an interpretation, say the Lord's going to do a certain thing and see it happen just like that. Then they go to another seat just a bunch of carnal impersonations come about. They go around say you're all mad. See, it's carnal comparisons. Don't do that. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Let me humble my pride and just call on his name. Let me wait, Lord. If you never do no more for me and save me, that's what I want. If you have need for me, show me and that's what I'll know and then I'll go. But you tell me first. I'm your servant. Do that and your influence will be great. Notice God is all holy. This prophet had been leaning upon uh this uh king's arms. But when he found out that something taken place, no matter how much a man was blessed, yet when God he steps across that boundary line between error and truth, God calls his hand. Then Isaiah went down to the temple and he fell down on his knees. No doubt he had said, "Yes, honorable king, your holiness, sir," and so forth, but it was uh your majesty, sir, it would have been different now. He fell down on the temple on the altar and began to cry out. And as he cried, God came down in a vision and he saw angels going back and forth through the temple, wings over their feet and wings over their face, flying, crying, holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. And he said, "I saw God lifted up way up above any man here on earth, above a Solomon or a David or Hezekiah." God was lifted to a place that man cannot come. Praise God. Then he become influenced of another way. He saw God lifted up high and he's trained. And when he saw those mighty beings, the place was filled with smoke. and he looked at the pillars of the temple, the post begin to shake at their voice. He never saw that by Hezekiah. He saw that a mortal man can fall. No matter how much he's blessed, he can still fall. But he looked at one that can't fall, whose foundations is sure. Even the pillars of the temple moved at their voices. Think of it. Two wings that covered their faces. They even angels cover their holy faces. Those servants, they're next to cherabans. They are same as cherabans. They're the burners of the sacrifice. And that's making the the children the worshippers way in assuring them the way. And these sabs who stay in the presence of God have to cover their faces. Then we just take the name of God and use it anyway. Prophesy in it one means nothing but some kind of carnal influence and so forth and say things that never happened. Act like it never paid any attention. If you say something and honestly and it didn't happen, repent and tell it that you were wrong. Then your influence will come back. The man's honest. These angels, saraphans never know sin or nothing about sin. They just burn the sacrifice to make a way of the worshipper, the saints, and they have to have their faces covered. What would that be upside of Hezekiah? Cover their holy faces in the presence of God with reverence. Now, there's no reverence. There seems to be that we can just do anything in the name of the Lord and get by with it. Just so long as we belong to some certain group that got a good social standing and they don't take our papers away from us, the presbyvers and the bishops and so forth don't call our papers and we still have a good influence amongst the people. Well, what kind of an influence do we have in the presence of God? Does our prayers return? Are they answered? If you abide in me in my word and you ask what you will and it shall be done. He that believeth in me, the works that I do shall he do also, even more than this shall he do, for I go to the father. Where are we Pentecostal people find oursel on the road map this morning let's not get bypassed there's one road to heaven and that's the road of holiness the righteous walk in it the unbeliever laughs at it depends on what you are now the people don't have reverence and those who try to live right some of them it ought to be respecting that stand that the man is tuck or the woman is tucked laugh at him. A man the other day calls a woman had her hair pulled back and made a bun on the back, took Isaiah 5 and said, "Cut that hair off said because it said they're round tires." Any man that knows more about the word of God than that, when the word of God said it's a disgrace, a shame, a dishonorable thing for a woman to cut her hair. said deflate your spiritar if you're going to come to this church and women laughing at every there you are no reverence don't know the word don't respect it when it is told them ministers see the word of God and refuse to walk in it reminds me coming down I had a one of these cameras and it's it's kind of a new thing to me Billy works at rightmart and it's got one of these rangefinders said, "What is this?" And I looked through something, I seen three or four objects, and they all looked a whole lot alike. I said, "That can't be." So, I looked this way and I only see one. And I looked this way, I seen three or four. I got a hold of this little thing and focused it until it come into one. That's what the church needs. A rangefinder. Use your rangefinder. What is it? Here it is. Amen. For whosoever will take one word from it or add one word to it, the same will be taken his part. Your rangefinder, you got three or four, don't know what to do with it. Pull it down into one. Hallelujah. God is one. His word is one. His people are one. Not 50, 666 organizations. They're one. Just one. That day you'll know what I'm and the father and father and me. I and you and you and me. Right. Take your rangefinder, pull it in. No reverence. So people try to do right, man. Take a stand for the word of God and say, "I'm going to have my congregation cleaned up." The first thing you know, a complaint comes in from somebody else. And they oust him. Yes. Get out on the street. Why? They're not convinced of his presence. You ought to do like David said, "Put the Lord always before my face. I shall not be moved. Let the Lord be before me. I'll have him on my right hand. He'll be before my face. Wherever I see, I only want to see Jesus in it. I'll go no place. I'll do nothing. My influence just let it be for him. Then your rangefinder has found the truth. For if the life of Christ, let the mind that was in Christ be in you. And he always was about the father's word to do his business. Said, which one of you can accuse me of sin, unbelief? Everything the Bible said that I would do, I've proved it. God's proved it through me that I am the Messiah. Which one of you can accuse me of sin? Until you can do the things that I do and make the word prove by you that the words prove by me, then keep still. Because sin is unbelief in the word of God. He that believeth not is condemned already. Where we standing, church, where's it at now? They had two wings over their feet. What was that? Humility in his presence. Moses took off his shoes in the presence of God. Paul fell down to the ground to kiss the ground as it was. He was in the presence of God. John the Baptist said, "I'm not even worthy to loose the shoes on his feet." Wings over their feet, humility, watching where they walk, what they do, realizing they're on holy ground. Oh, if we would do that, we'd never walk in the these places. It's wrong. We'd never do these things. And that's wrong. Now notice, always listen, be conscious of your littleness. Who are you? Stick your finger in a bucket of water and pull it out and find the hole you put your finger in. Then say that was me. You're a nothing. You'll not be missed a little while after you're gone. They have a funeral possession out here and that's all. But your influence, we live on and on and on. That's why today in the midst of infidels, they've never been able to explain and get away from the influence of one man, Jesus Christ, who was God made flesh. When he stuck his life down here on earth, it made a suction of a place that draws all man under him in the great whirlpool of his life that was once on earth. You can't get near it without being drawn into it. Right? But you and I, we're nothing. We're nothing. Let's think what's drawing us. I'm my little boat up on the sea of time. Don't mean nothing, but that great thing is drawing me. It's what I'm trying to pour to you. This is it. Oh, good. Be conscious of your little. Thirdly, let's think. He with two wings he had over his face in the presence of God, humility and or reverence. And secondly, he had two wings over his feet. What was it? In humility. And third, he flew with them. Put himself in action. He he put himself in action with two wings while two more wings covered his face in reverence. Two wings covered his feet in humility. And two wings he was in action. What was he doing? He was showing the prophet. By this he was showing the prophet how his prepared servants must be God prepared service must be reverent, humble and inaction. Hallelujah. But now if you uncover your face, uncover your feet, your action isn't going to do no good because you're stirred wrong. Takes it all to guide you. Reverent, humble, and in action. That's what God wants this Pentecostal group to be. What God wants his church to be in action like the woman at the well as soon as she stood there and looked upon this Jew that was speaking to her and he said woman bring me a drink and she said well the the the well is deep and said you have nothing to draw with and by the way first said we have no dealings with one another. You know this segregation here. Well we don't have any dealings. You're I'm a woman of Samaria and and you're a Jew. We don't have anything. See, she went with the old trend. But he said to her, "If you knew who you were talking to or who was talking to you, you'd ask me for a drink." She said, "The well's deep. You have nothing to row with." He said, "Go get your husband and come here." Well, she said, "I have no husband." He said, "You told the truth. You've had five, and the one you're living with now is not your husband. Look quickly." She backed off. What was it? Not like the Pharisees when they seen that did. They said, "This man's beubb fortune teller. He has mental telepathy. We'll have nothing. We'll explain it all the way to our congregation. After all, he don't know the word. We come out of school. We have no record of him ever coming out of our seminaries." But he had truth. Vindicated Godgiven truth. Yes. What happened? Her wings quickly went over her face. The wings went over her feet. She said, "Sir," not Belub, "Sir, the best I know, you must be a prophet." Now, I know we haven't had a prophet for hundreds of years. But the scripture says that when the Messiah comes, he'll be a prophet like Moses. And we know when Messiah come, he'll do these things. But I don't understand who are you? You must be a prophet. when this Messiah comes, he's going to do the same thing that you did because he'll be the God prophet. He said, "I'm he that speaks to you." Then she went in action. Come see a man. Amen. What did he do today? What do you say today? You don't belong to organization. No reverence, no humility to join up with our groups. When they see a church rise up like that, it's it's a Pentecostal rank. Look where it come from. Birds of a feather. That's good. Doves always are together. So he pine said certainly they eat dove food too, not crow food. A crow's a hypocrite. He can eat dove food and be a vulture at the same time. But a dove can't eat crow food. He has got no gall, right? He'd eat the killing. But the old crow can sit down and eat a mess of of of his own scavenger appetite fill it and go right out and eat corn with the dove. But can't do that with a dove. He can only eat his own food. And a real dove of God only eats the word. He can't take the things of the world. No sir. He can't stomach it. It's all killing. So he just can't stand it. But they all set on the same roost. And there that's they did it in the ark and they've done it ever since. So there you are. Jesus said, "Let him alone." said at that day the wheat and will be taken to the garner and so forth. I'm holding you long, but I I hurry. If I can notice just quick, I don't mean to say it any, you know, this is not a joking paraphrase. This is scripture. See, humble. The woman went in action. Why? First, she revered. Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet. Wings over feet, over faith. She recognized you are a prophet. I believe that. We know when Messiah come. Now, we haven't had a prophet since Malachi. But we are taught down here that someday there will rise one on the scene among the Jews and he'll be the Messiah. And Moses said, the one that we're told, if there be a man among you who's spiritual or prophet, and what this man says comes to pass, then you know it. That's just the same thing that Jeremiah said to to Hannah and so forth. If this comes to pass and we know it's vindicated, that's the truth. And now here you tell me that I have five husbands and that's the truth and I'm living with another man now. So I know that you must be a prophet. I know it's time for the Messiah to come and he'll tell us those things. And he said, "I'm he." And as soon as he identified himself, she went in action right down through the city and said, "Come see a man who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the very Messiah? Don't miss it, man. He's setting out down the stump." Hallelujah. Oh, could I say it this morning? That same Messiah in the form of the Holy Ghost is right here now. Don't miss it, church. Glory to God. showing the same signs and same thing. The works that I do shall you do also same signs of if a life is in a grape vine growing if if you could transfer the life of a pumpkin into a grape vine well it would grow a pumpkin or watermelon whatever life is in it. If the life of Christ has been transferred into you by the Holy Spirit you bear the fruit you live the life. So you see if we're bearing pumpkins over here and should be bearing grapes, there's something wrong. See, so get that knife out of you. You don't have to take that. The transfusions open this morning. There is a fountain filled with blood. Gone crummy Emanuel's veins. Praise God. Where sinners plunge beneath the flood. Impersonators can plunge there and lose all their impersonation. You get something that's real. And then your influence will be greatly among the people in the presence of God. The woman went in action, Peter. One day he was a little in doubt. Maybe he loaned his boat to a Galilean man that was pretty well uh down in the low bracket amongst the people as a beelub, a fortune teller, some evil spirit was upon him. We know that thou art a Samaritan and mad. We know you have a devil. And all the churches that ousted him out and yet he was just as straight with the word as could be. Dare any of you say he wasn't. That's right. Don't say he wasn't. He was all contrary to any of their beliefs, but he had exactly the word could prove it right in the scripture. He said, "Who can accuse me of sin?" Now, he had it. And when Peter loaned him the boat, he said, "Cast out into the deep and let down for the draw." Said, "I'll feast all night. There ain't nothing out there." Said, I said, "Cast out into the deep." Well, if this man is the Messiah, he's prophet. So, I'll pull the boat out here. And he threw the net over and he said, "At your word, I'll take it because I don't know you, but your your your speech sound all right. So I'll throw the net out and see. And I throw the net out and when it went down, he said, "Depart from me, Lord. I'm a sinful man." Same thing Isaiah had to say. Depart from me, Lord. I'm a man of unclean lips. I dwell among unclean people. He found out that the word of God worked when you take God at his word. The blind man, when he was healed, he couldn't hold his peace. Why? He is in action. Peter went in action. The woman went in action. the blind man. He couldn't hold his peace. He said, "Is this man uh give glory to God? We know this man's a sinner." So, it's a strange thing that you all don't know who he is. And being leaders, it's a strange thing. The day has arrived on us that a man could open the eyes of a blind man and you clergymen don't know who he is. That man had some good theology. Said, "That's a strange thing among you people are supposed to be the spiritual leaders of the day. And a man's eyes has been open here. Me being blind, you know, I'm blind. You know, I was blind and now I can see." said whether he's a sinner or not, I don't know, but I do know one thing. I can see where I was blind before. He went in action. He covered his face, covered his feet. He said, "Lord, who is this that I might worship him?" Man, he wanted to know the blind man. Sure, he scattered his fame abroad everywhere. Listen, the people at Pentecost, they covered their feet. They covered their faces. They didn't care what the Jews said. They had a commission from God, a word of God to go up to the temple to Jerusalem and wait up there at Jerusalem until the Holy Spirit came. And there they was obeying his word. Humility bowing when the church is laughing at him. A bunch of heretics is in the upper room up there. Face is covered in the presence of God. Oh Lord, you gave the promise. If there's any evil in me, cleanse me, Lord. All at once, there came down wings of action and they went into action. They who were scared wouldn't give a testimony out on the street. They were in the street speaking with other tongues and and in action in so much as the people said, "These men are full of new wine." And then Peter, the one who could keep the scripture scriptures straight, said, "These are not full of new wine." But this is that. And I've always said, "If this isn't that, I'll just keep this to that comes." So I I like this. Well, I'll just stay with this until that gets here. I believe this is that. All right. Yeah. They seen God's promise fulfilled. It put them in action. And what we have seen, what we have seen these promises in these last days, what we have seen ourselves ought to put each one of us in action. But you know why? We don't cover our faces and our feet, right? Our wings won't work. See, we got these wings spread out and these wings spread out and trying to spread these two. We're just faning air. Cover yourself, humble yourself, then get in action. Amen. Oh my. What we've seen happen should put every soul in action. It should make a church that would make a revival here in Phoenix that people be flying in from Europe to see what taking place. They said there's a place in Arizona called the Maricopa Valley, a city called Phoenix. There's something broke out there until the seven thunders of Revelations 10 is not even wrote in the Bible is being manifested. The power of God, the end time is here. The angel has gathered up the loose ends and we're here. He's about to write those thunders. And he said, "Don't write them. Seal them up." And at that day of the sounding of this last seventh angel, seventh church age, the lady of sin church age, the mystery of God, all about God, how God's not a big bunch of gods but one God, and all these other things should all be finished in that time. The great battles back before it's got the loose ends hanging out at RP all racked up together. in this last age said then when that sound an angel come down and said time shall be no more I'll swear of him that lives forever and ever time shall be no more oh we are here brother sister we're at the time let's let the holy spirit influence us through the word of god let's let god do the influencing in our hearts and not be influenced by others see this ought to put us in action with reverence and humility the pillar of fire vindicated among us again like it was to bring the children of Israel signs of his coming is at hand. Oh my the word by the word being fulfilled. We see the promise the last days he pour out his spirit. Look at the Presbyterian Methodist and Baptist. They're coming into this move. Did you know that? Listen, brethren, do you not understand the scriptures? The Bible said when the sleeping virgin come to buy or that was the time that the bridegroom came. I notice in your full gospel businessman, how you bring in father so and so the Presbyterian, you bring in father so and so the Catholic and all of this. By the way, they're not fathers. The Bible said call no old man father on this earth. They're ministers and I respect them in every respect they can be respected, but you're not to call them fathers. And you businessmen, I hope that editor's here this morning. How comes you write a decoration on the back of what your creeds are and things like that and be in a denomination? You better get out of that. All right. Notice my brethren. Listen. When the bridegroom came, the sleeping virgin woke and the sound come. Behold, the bridegroom cometh. Is that the day we're living in? And the sleeping virgin rose. And the Methodist and Presbyterian, Catholic, all come. Oh, oh, give us some of this. We see it. They said, "We just got enough for yourself. Now you have to carry it for it yourself." And while they were carrying the bride come and never in the history of the church age, never in the history of the Pentecostal realm in these last 50 years has ever been a time that the denominational world is sweeping in like it is right now. Don't you realize that this is the last call? That's it. That's it. And yet we just haphazardly go on like it wasn't even nothing happened. Glory to God. I can dance in the spirit not oh my Jesus said many will come to me in that day say Lord Lord haven't I done these things sincerity your influence my yes what we've seen come to pass should put us in action we like the prophet Isaiah we have seen the self-exalted denominations lose their place what happened when the revival come with Luther What did they do? Just a little while and they organized, made a Lutheran organization, draw a little line, said we're Luther's arrested, he's out. God broke it up with John Wesley. And then when John Wesley left, Charles and John and Asbury one day left off the scene. They organized it. What did you do? Draw the same line like the Catholic Church did. Made an organization. There was an organization to the Catholic Church. It's the mother of all of it. You that know history knows Council. Now we find out there you organized. What did you do? It died. Methodist died right there. It's never moved since. Up come the Pentecostals and what did you do? The general assembly known as the Assemblies of God. Oh, you organized yourself. What did you do? Begin to quote. Then along come the one that's called the new issue. What did you do? Went out and organized yourself. God add a little something to the church and you Oh, we got it. You all are out of it. Oh my brother, that's not God. Don't you see? What did you do? died right in the track. God raised up the Christian businessman here in the last days and if they start the same thing, they'll die right there. Exactly right. You never do that. What? What happened? Isaiah saw a great man lose his influence and die. And so have we seen the time in this last day that when God is don't have to raise up a Pentecostal, he can raise up a Presbyterian apac. He could raise up somebody that's from none of it, right? He's able of these stones to rise children Abraham. Hallelujah. And we see him go right outside of the ranks of Pentecost and raise up a man that knows nothing about you and make a make you ashamed of yourself. Then you turn it down and say, "Oh, nonsense." While the praiser put me right out. Oh, brother. You see where you got? Isaiah saw that lose its hope. And we see those denominations lose their hold. Oh, you're great in number. That's true. You'd be better. God said, "When you was little, you revered me." And and I when you was little, I could talk to you, but when you got so big, I couldn't talk to you. Then you had to run on your own. That's what we're doing. Like a great Regina, a 16cylinder Duenberger. We got a political machine in the regime in the and the movements. It's presbyers and and all these other different things that dominate the thing and the Holy Spirit's counted out. You try to do something that's a little contrary to your doctrine, then say, "Oh, nonsense." Check it with the word. If it's a word, believe it. If it's not, leave it alone. God will vindicate his word. Right? how is seen that that man I'm going to say something and I don't want to hurt but I want to make it stick he saw a man with great influence what lose his hope because he failed to keep the word is that right now we have lived to see the same thing that all these great denominations are losing their influence Amen. God reaches over in another section somewhere, picks up something has nothing to do with you. See, we see it. These great denominations by their creed lose their hope. Why? They're trying to manufacture something to take the place of the office of the anointed. You know that's the truth. You'll never be able to do it. Hallelujah. God will take his anointing and you cannot impersonate that office. God anoints. He chooses who he wills. He condemns who he wills. It's God that does the justifying. It's God that does the choosing and he raises it up and we reject it. And then we see the influence lost. God moves right on in his humility and his way of humbleness and brings a group right out for his name's sake as he promised he would do. Yeah. We like you. We see the great denominations lose their place because they try to take the place of the anointed with the denomination instead of taking the anointed work. Hezekiah was a great king. God made him a king. That's all right. But when he tried to take himself and make himself a priest, he couldn't do it. We can make ourselves nothing. You can't make bishops and prophets and so forth. You can't manufacture them. It's got to be born in you. Amen. Got to be the spirit of God predestinated from the foundation of the world. God said in the church, God did what he did. And when we try to impersonate, we lose our influence. Oh, church, why can't we listen? It's like a ball game. Somebody in a football game, somebody gets the ball and every one of his own players try and take the ball away from him. You can't win the game. Be a guard. Guard the ball. Not try to take it away from the next man. Glory to God. If he can do it over here on this corner, God bless him. I I'm a oneness. I can do it. I'm a trinitarian. I can do it. He ain't got no business doing that. You're knocking the ball out of your own players hands. All you Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, oneist, tunist, if you're riding a one hump camel, two hump camels, or you got a dozen humps, what difference does it make? Let's all come to this well. A fountain filled with blood coming in. Let's guard the ball. This is the ball. The Holy Spirit's trying to pack it. It'll condemn communism. It'll condemn sin. It'll condemn unrighteousness. It'll manifest and glorify Jesus Christ and bring his person into the midst of the people. Amen. Praise God. Sure. Praise God. Oh, that's good. Yes, sir. The vision of the prophet caused a confession. You just get in the presence of God once. You see a vision, a true vision from God. You see how little you are. That's why I'm on the West Coast now. No, it's just get in the presence of God once and see what happens. That's it. See, it calls a prophet. What did this prophet really? I'm going to close. A prophet, a man of influence, a tall man beyond a bishop, beyond a state president, beyond a clergyman, a doctor of degree. He said, "I'm a sinner, and I'm a man of unclean lips, a man who had an office as a prophet, and when them angels come around him, he recognized that he was a sinner. And yet our women can wear short hair, dance in the spirit. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. Our men can clean their organizations and call everything else a devil. is not with them and still dance in the spirit and preach the gospel and call themselves. Oh brother, there's something wrong. It's right. Don't Don't get angry. You believe just just be sincere before God while I finish a minute. It calls this great prophet to say, "I'm a sinner. I'm a man of unclean lips." Then when he ready to confess, then come to cleanse him. Did you notice that? He said, "Oh, I'm a man undone. I'm a man of unclean lips. Oh, I'm the highest order of spirituality as a spiritual office in the land. I'm a prophet of this land, but I'm unclean. My lips are not clean. I'm all undone. Woe is me. I see the Lord God of hosts." Hallelujah. When them angels had their faces covered to stand in his presence, then you realize if the church could only realize that this Holy Spirit is the Lord God of hostise. Cover your face, your feet, get down. He confessed. Notice then come his cleansing. Now I'm going to say something, but don't get hurt. His cleansing never come by a creed. It come by fire. His cleansing never come by the declaration of some book. What so and so said, his cleansing came by the fire. The angel went and got fire off the altar and laid it on the prophet's lips. The cleansing comes by Holy Ghost and fire. Not a new bachelor of art or doctor's degree or something. As Paris Reed had said not long ago when he received the Holy Ghost in my front room, he said, "Brother Bram, I've got enough degrees to plaster your wall, but where's God in all of it?" He said, "Is the teachers been wrong?" I said, "Me with the seventh grade education say the teachers are wrong. I'm not that." They were right in what they taught against, but they never taught far enough. Like the man eating watermelon said that part was good, but he said, "More of it. Just give him a bite, then take it away from him." No, sir. It's like feeding a canary bird uh great big humps of vitamins to make great big fine speckle wings or wings and make fine bones and make him a big strong bird and then put him in a cage. You can't use it. Let him loose. Amen. Let God go to work on him. Put him in action. If he's ready to cover his feet and that's right, but remember it won't work until you cover your feet. You just stand fan. I'm assembly. I'm a one. I'm this. You just stand there faning the wind get nowhere. But once cover your faith, cover your feet. Then ain't going action. Lord God, you're here. Hallelujah. First there comes a cleansing. Notice and following the cleansing was a commission. Oh my. Yes. First a confession, then a cleansing, and then a commission. After the cleansed Isaiah was cleansed by the fire, then he cried out after he was cleansed, "Lord, here am I. Send me." Amen. Oh, church, businessman, let's not lose our influence. I'm closing. Let's cover our faces this morning. Thank you, Lord. Lord, I'm nothing, Lord. Mold me and make me a new. I'm down in the temple. Let me cover my feet. Lord, I'm nothing. I'm willing to forget all I ever know. Like Paul, I'll know nothing but save Christ and him crucified. Let me Lord humble myself. And then when you raise up from there with a real confession, real cleansing, then when the call comes, who will go forth? Then Isaiah, you can answer here am I send me. Your life will influence your family. It'll influence your neighbors. It'll influence your church. It'll you just put one or two good members in a church that's really on fire for God. It'll do something for that church more than 40 revivals you could have. That's right. A good cleansed member. Set an example with a face shining with the glory of God, sweetness, and humility to stand there in the power of God and watch when somebody gets sick. They'll call that person to come pray. Or you might make fun of them and their tires deflated and so forth. You might all this nonsense say, "But let death strike you one time." You'll find out when them struggles begins to come who that real sincere person is in the church. Here am I, Lord. Send me. Let my influence be upon others. Lord, for me to live is Christ and to die as gain. Let this word influence me in my prayers. Lord, while I'm in this valley here of the Maricopa Valley, the little sunspot of the world, may I be able to be in contact with the son of God that would scatter sunshine of the Holy Spirit throughout the valley and will cause brethren and women, sisters, and even sinners to find this fountain filled with blood. May we all come to the place of the temple where we can recognize ourselves unclean and live such a life that'll influence others to love Christ. Let us pray. While we have our heads bowed, I'm going to hum real I can't sing. Y'all just hum it with me when I speak the words. When the coal of fire had touched the prophet, making him as pure as pure could be. When the voice of God said, "Who go for us?" Then he answered, "Master, here send me. Speak my lord." All together now. Speak my lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord sincerely now listen. Millions now and sin and shame are dying. Listen to their sad and bitter cry. Hasten, brother, hasten to their rescue. Quickly answer, Master, here am I. All it wants to go raise your hands now. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me. Heavenly Father, let that be the depths of our heart. Truly millions now in sin and shame or dying. Right here in the city of Phoenix, literally thousands groping in sin. And here we stand this morning and shrouded with the presence of the Holy Spirit. We're all conscious of his august presence. I feel him in my heart. I feel him upon the people. Oh God, may a vision come to us that we can see the holiness of God, see how little we are. May the temple post be moved in our presence and there while we're in his presence. Lord, may the power of the Holy Spirit just shake us, oh Lord, that not only the temple post to be moved, but the post in our heart will be moved. the post of indifference that let the door of God's opportunity to come in be moved away the stone of unbelief taken away and let us Lord answer quickly master I humble myself I want wings over my feet and over my face first Lord humble me that I might be influenced to the others grant it Lord bless this convention bless this meetings coming on in these churches these is my brethren, Lord. In the face of opposition, they've called me and asked me to come down and speak in their churches. Oh God, light each candle. Granted, Lord, may there come such a light, such a great revival across Phoenix. Grant, Lord, that this will be done amongst all the churches and all your people and all the places and all the denominations. And many of those precious souls out there on the street are looking and wandering and waiting to see the life of Christ being manifested among these people. Granted, Lord, we might not be able to influence the whole city. Hardly ever that was ever done because in there the wheat and terriers are together, but Lord, may we be so enthused that we'll try to light one little candle each day by telling someone else, doing something that will influence others to know you and to love you. for to know you is life. We pray this blessing. Bless our brother Williams here, Lord, and Sister Williams. We love them. They they're they're your servants. We believe in humility, Lord. They are bowing at your feet. We're so glad to see how you are working among their family with their their daughters and their and their sons. How gracious you are to them. Brother Rose and so many of the others here, Lord, a man, a a great man and my minister brothers that's around over the town and my sisters, Lord, that's that they're your children and I I want to put my shoulder with the with them, Lord. I want to press hard. Help me, oh God. I'm small. I'm little and I can't push very hard. Lord, let me stand there and you do the pushing. Grant it, Lord, that we might be able to move the great load of God into the kingdom of God. Granted, Father, we commit this all to you now as we go forward from this day and we commit ourselves and we pray for a great revival and a may the Christian businessmen be able to pick up from there and go right on and may it as soon as they the convention's over. May the churches be all on fire and the revival moving on and on and on. May we be able to start the fire, Lord. May the Holy Spirit fan those blazes until the whole community around is burning with Pentecostal fire. Granted, Lord, we commit it all to you in the name of Jesus Christ, thy son. Amen. I'm sorry to have held you so long because now it's almost noon time. We might as well stay for dinner, I guess. And so, but I'm I'm grateful to be here. Your fellowship, your cooperation has been much. And my brothers, how many in here that I'm going to be in your churches this week? Raise your hands around. That's fine. Brothers and sisters around, thank you. And we all invite you over this week to the meetings. Now, I'll turn it to brother William now for the closing. He can do this job better. Bow your head just a minute. How many wants down to the altar this morning? Really truly wants an altar call in your heart. Raise up your hands. God, make me what I ought to be. I I'm the clay. You're the father. God bless you. God bless you. Now, as you put your hands down, is there someone here that never has accepted Christ? Don't know what it means? You maybe you just, oh, maybe under some influence that never did you a bit of good as soon as the influence like went off some little spell of emotion, but you went on living the same life. Or maybe you never have accepted him at all. and you'd like to say this morning, God, let that word sink into me until I can cover my face in humility and cover my feet and kneel at your altar until the the seraraphins will wave the glory of God over my soul and cleanse me with his holy fire. Would you raise up your hand say, "Brother Brand, pray for me. I'm here in need of prayer." But God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Boy, God bless you. That you raise your hand. You make a decision in your heart. God bless you, my brother. Someone else some of our sisters here raise your hand say brother Brandham I don't believe it it's so that you're that you say that call you a woman hater I don't believe that I believe you love me as your sister and I do sister but I'm only trying to tell you I'm don't want you to be influenced by Marilyn Monroe I want you to be influenced by Jesus Christ and by his word he is the word and if the word don't influence you then Christ came because he is the word you know that I dreamed the dream not long ago vision rather it wasn't a dream. And I stand I was out in the woods on a patrol and I seen two women and one of them had one Pentecostal church wrote and the other and the other and he said one said sister do you think it's right for brother Brand to ball us out like that said if Jesus was here said he probably wouldn't say it and they didn't know who I was and I stand I said well now listen the man must be right no matter whether you've never seen Jesus yes or no or whether he sure he can't change his word he'd be just the same they said well that's really right isn't oh can't you see it's right brother sister can't you see it Christ can't change his word. He is the word. Would there be some more? Raise your hand. Say, "Remember me, Brother Brandham. I know I'm not right." Pray for me now. Would you just raise your hand? God bless you. You mean that. Bless you. Bless you. That's good. That's fine. God bless you. Just really mean it from your heart. We're coming to the end of the road now. Just a little while longer. Maybe in the convention, new nights to speak. And I have a night, one night at least in the convention. I want to speak on some of those things. Just something that's from my heart. And the very reason I'm standing here this morning, there's people riding here can say amen and amen. The reason I'm standing here this morning, something has happened that never happened before in my life. That's right. This happened and he called me right here to Arizona. I'm here for something. Millions now in sin and shame are dying. Just listen to their sad and bitter cry. What makes people do wrong is a thirst in them. God made them to thirst. See, thirst after him, and they're trying to satisfy that that holy call with things of the world, joining a church, being influenced to a dance or something. They're trying to satisfy that holy thing that God put in them to thirst after him. And what they're doing, they're trying to to let the devil uh satisfy him by giving them some other thing that isn't satisfying. Oh, God, let it be taken away this morning. Oh, how I'd like to see this group of people just so anointed with the Holy Spirit that you go out of here to just be something happen to you. Just something that would take us all from here, me with you, Brandon, all of us together go out of here under the influence of the Holy Spirit to win souls for Jesus Christ. Now, with been about 30 hands up that wants to come to get right with God, there's been at least eight or 10 or more that sinners has never have accepted him. Let us pray. And down in your heart, you believe it. That's all you can do is believe. It's up to God to do the rest. Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness. That's all Abraham could do. He had to believe. God had to do the imput. That's all you could do is believe. Just sincerely now bow your head over your table or wherever you're at and let's pray. Lord God, I do realize if there had only been one hand, what sort of a prayer could I make for that person? Just as the Holy Spirit would lead my heart, I once set where they are as a sinner, knowing not Christ and his salvation. One day I accepted you, Lord. I didn't know how to. I'll never forget it. Lord, it changed my life. And I know that's not contrary to the word. It's with the word. So, Father, in my humble way of doing it, will you receive those who raised their hands? And even those who did not, if they have indeed receive it, Lord, take all the world out. Take all the desires of the world out. Take it from my brethren, from my sisters. Take it from me, Lord. I'm with them. We're all in the temple of God. And we realize that our littleness, how little we are, how small and insignificant we are and how great thou are. Oh Jehovah, be merciful to we sinners. I plead for us all, Lord. Take this little group and I this morning, cleanse us, Lord. Make us new creatures. Won't you plead? In my little humble way of asking you, Father, I offer this in the name of Jesus Christ that you'll receive us. I now commit myself to God. I commit my ways, all my thinking, my doing. May I not think the more my thoughts. May I not more have any ways of the world. May they all be cleansed. May I just have pure holy thoughts from this day on. May my whole life be his. Speak to me. I wouldn't say do that unless you had ordained it. You ordained your gospel to be preached by man. You could ordain the wind to preach it. You can ordain the stars to preach it. You could ordain the moon, the sun to preach it, but you ordained man. You won't change it. You're waiting on man. Amen. You're not waiting on the stars. They're obeying you. The winds are obeying us, but Lord, we man, we're no good. We don't obey you. Lord, forgive us. Won't you? Won't you forgive us? Forgive us, Lord, to make us ministers, all of us. Each one in his own his own way. Each one in these his own environment. Each one in his own way where you do the best. We just commit ourselves to you now. Make us servants of yours, ministers of the word. In Jesus name, I offer this prayer. And you taught us all that we must pray like this. Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive those that trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen. Don't never let it die. He careth for thee. [Music] He careth for you through sunshine our [Music] shadow. [Music] He for you. Did he not express it? Now right across the table, let's shake each other's hands. Just remain seated. He cared for. Say, "God bless you, pilgrim. [Music] Amen. We thank God for his word tonight. Amen. God bless you. Let's all stand. We have a few prayer requests. Of course, for Sister Lorie Snow, she was in the hospital with multiple surgeries for her heart and things in her body. Very serious. And the Lord has been with her all the way through. We thank the Lord for that. Amen. We've been praying for her. He's been praying for her. Oh my, it's so good to be in contact with people who will actually pray for you. That's really valuable and we thank God for it that she's a part of our family here and uh for the Randy and the whole situation there. So we'll keep continue to keep her in prayer. Is there another request you need to make known tonight sister? Okay, for that someone else sister Emma's traveling to Pennsylvania will be with her. Any other ones? I just sent a text to Aaron Melissa in the back there Timothy Williams pastor in Baltimore. He's been with us at the other building there. He um this church building there, someone ran into it at night and caught on fire and so forth. And so they uh have a need there in their building. And um he believes it's all of the Lord, but they have It'll be on the website there. There's a lot of pictures and stuff so we can post that. But Pastor Timothy Williams from Baltimore. Keep him in prayer in that church there. Remember brother James from Baltimore, good brother sings and then brother Timothy would come together. Yes. So you all know who he is. So this happened a couple of weeks ago and I fa to post that sent it again tonight. So we'll keep those requests in prayer. Yes, brother. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord hand of praise. Amen. Amen. See the the cloud like a man's hand. Not all the way. We're not all the way there, but we're certainly further than where she was before. So we just continue to pray for her sister. No. Okay. Just praising the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. So thank the Lord for his word tonight. May the Lord Jesus bless each of you. We have our youth meeting coming up this Friday. Uh the meetings in San Carlos. We want to pray for those. Um oh traveling to Africa, the Lord willing. Uh next Monday is when I leave and the way it turns back. I can't hear but um traveling Liberia Elijah Church quite a trip for me. So I trust the Lord will bless the trip and this is not a trip that I just desire to go take pictures and so forth. Lord is on our heart this opportunity. So maybe seems like maybe a different time would have been better. But the Lord knows all things. So we have our concerns and our cares, little struggles and battles that we all have to go through and hear things and we just have to we just have to be faithful. And so that's what we want to do. And uh it's all in God's hands. Amen. And so the Holy Spirit is what we is is in charge of the church. He leads us and guides us by his holy spirit. So we trust in him. Amen. And so coveret your prayers. That'll be next Monday. I'll be gone for two weeks. We'll be well cared for. And I trust that you will pray for me. Amen. We'll keep that in prayer and then so let's sing that song um have faith in God and we'll go on our knees and pray and then afterwards I'll have brother Joe take the remainder of the prayer meeting if that's okay Joe [Music] Roa in [Music] Have faith in God. Hallelujah. Have faith in God for thee. Have faith in God. One more time. Oh, have faith in God. Glory. Amen. Have faith in God. [Music] Have faith in God for the answer of [Music] pray. Amen. The altar is open. You can pray right at your seat. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] God bless you, saints. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. So thrilled to hear this positive report of Sister Lori. You know, you hear that and your heart and you just trust the Lord and we know where she would be, but her family needs her. We need her and believe we'll see her real soon. So, we'll just thank the Lord tonight. In moments like these, I sing out a love song to Jesus. Let's sing that together. Let's all stand as we prepare to go tonight in his time. I'm sorry. In moments like these. In moments like these. Yes. I I sing out a song. Oh, I sing out a love song to Jesus. Oh, in moments like these. Yes. I lift up my hands. Oh, I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you. Singing I love you. Singing I love you Lord. I love you. Yes. In moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to my Jes. In moments like these, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you. Singing I love you, Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. I [Music] love singing I love you. Singing I love you Lord. singing. I love you, Lord. I love you. Okay, now we can do in his time. I think it's C. In his time. Yes. In his time he makes all things beautiful in his time. [Music] God, show me every day as you're teaching me that you'll do just what you say. Amen. That's what he did for us in your time. Yes. In your time. In your time. You make all things beautiful and your tone. Lord, my life to you I bring. May each song I have to sing be to you a lovely thing in your Amen. I'm sure we get to be in church and go to the knee with each one of you. Maybe they could put those prayer requests back up there just as a reminder as we look up at those one more time and just run through for our complete recovery. We're believing for our sister Lorie Snow, for our precious brother Randy, for sister Heather's request, Sister Emma the Moors Traveling, Brother Timothy Williams Church, Brother Dave Cook Jr. don't have a report today, but I know he's real positive and just trusting in the Lord. We're going to trust the Lord with our precious brother in Canada, Sister Deborah McGinty. Is she still in the hospital? Uh, no. But we want to hold her up and u the battle that she's fighting. Sister Deborah McGinty, a Bible study on Friday, the San Carlos meetings with brother Will, uh, orchestrating, facilitating those with brother Daryl Ward and brother Nathaniel Barrett, I understand, will be speaking there. always remember our precious pastor and all the work that he does and and the the great work and I I give him I tease a little bit about I'm scared a little bit about that that long flight over across the seas but uh the Lord called him and he's going. I know each one of us would do that. We want to be in prayer for him in those meetings in Liberia. Anything else before we go saints? Then Sister Ellie, we've been missing her too. So, thank you, Sister Joy. We certainly want to hold her up. There's a few missing that we normally see. They're traveling, fighting some battle, or working or something. So, um, want to hold up each one of them. I want to do a hand clapping song. Nothing comes to mind. Um, the last page of the book has some good ones. We'll turn there unless someone has something else. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good. Is that what she said? Okay, we could. That's a good one. We'd do that. He's been good to us, hasn't he? Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Yes, my Lord, Lord, Lord, well, you surely been good to me. Well, you have done what this world could not do. What has he done for you? Well, you saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. You surely been good to me. You saved my soul when I was lost. Surely been good to me. Well, you have done what this world just could not do. And you healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. You healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. And you healed my body when I was sick. Surely been good to me. You have done what this earth could not do. Yes, my Lord. Lord, Lord. Oh, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world just could not. Let's listen to the musicians play around, love it. Brother Chris, would you come while we sing it one more time? My brother, well, you filled me up with the Holy Ghost. You surely been good to me. Yes, you filled me up with the Holy Ghost. With the Holy Ghost. Surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. Lord, Lord, Lord, you surely been good to me. You have done what this world could not do. Can we uh sing? He knows my name. [Music] I have a maker. He's formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. He knows my [Music] name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me no matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that fall and he hears me when I call. Dear Lord, you always hear us, Lord. And you see the tears, Lord, for our sister. Sister Snow, Lord Jesus. your true blessing, Lord. We can come to you, Lord, as a body of Christ, Lord, and ask you, Lord, for mercy, healing, Lord Jesus, and you'll hear us, Lord. We love you, Lord, and we thank you so much that you've chosen us, Lord. Given us this opportunity, Lord, to have the revealed word, Lord, in this day, Lord. What a blessing we have, Lord Jesus. To know the message is perfect and the word is perfect, Lord Jesus. What a what a gift that is, Lord Jesus. We thank you so much. And what a father we have, Lord. A maker, Lord. Thank you so much, Lord, for the healing you've done for our sister and comfort you bring into the family, Lord. The faith they have, Lord, just Lord, please continue, Lord. Thank you so much, Lord. We ask this all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, brother Chris. And all God's people say, "Amen." So be it. And there's a lot going on this week, a lot to participate in. If you can get up to the meetings in San Carlos, we sure want to be in prayer for those. It's a long drive. If we can't make it the Bible study, if you can't uh or are too old for the Bible study, you're welcome to join us at the home uh for a potluck on Friday night. Anything else? All right. You can be dismissed. We'll sing it as we go. Oh, he knows our name tonight. He knows my [Music] name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears. Hears me when I call. I have a maker. I have a maker. He formed my [Music] heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hands. Oh, he knows my day. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear and falls and hears me when I call. [Music] Do it. Heat. Heat. [Music]
