################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - Sunday Evening 04-20-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   Sunday Evening 04-20-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CreNxGGXgk8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Here we go. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] We're singing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. And so we lift up holy hands in one accord singing blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We're singing. Blessed be the name of the Lord. He is worthy to be praised and adored. And so we lift up holy hands in one accord, singing, "Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name." Oh, blessed be the name of the [Music] Lord. Amen. Let's stand together tonight. Key of C. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. There's joy, joy, joy in my heart, for Jesus made everything right. I gave him my old tatter garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feasting today on the manor. And that's why I'm happy tonight. For the windows of heaven are open. God's blessings are falling tonight. Oh, there's joy. There's joy in my heart for Jesus made everything right. I gave him my old teddy garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feasting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy. Sing it one more time as you shake hands. The windows of heaven are open. The blessings are falling tonight. Oh, there's joy, joy, joy in my heart, for Jesus makes everything right. I gave him my old tatter garment. He gave me a robe of pure wine. I'm feasting today on the mana and that's why I'm happy tonight. Amen. Brother Joseph, would you come and open our service tonight with a word of prayer? [Music] It's on. It's always a privilege to come up here and being able to say a word of prayer before service, after service, just it's very humbling to stand here and look at everybody. You don't get to see this view often. So, if we can bow our heads. Dear Lord, thank you for this beautiful day that you've given us. Another day to praise your name, fellowship with one another. and reflect upon how you affect our lives spiritually, faithfully, however we need you. We know you're there. Let us partake in the word. Let the let the tapes we hear today be a blessing for us. Let us talk to us and let us understand that our faith is what drives our lives and we put all trust and love in you. Under your name we pray. Amen. There we go. I'm happy to be here tonight. We just sang that the windows of heaven are open, but I always enjoy the Sunday evening service. We sometimes it's it's hard on Sunday morning. We're out of our normal routine. We're not at work. We're not It's It's just It's a little different and it takes a while for us to sometimes just to get get focused. And that's behind us now. And we can recall how God came down in the cool of the evening, visit with Adam. And I just always so look forward to the Sunday night services where God come down and just walk and talk. Walk the aisles, talk with us tonight. You know what we have need of. And Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. We want to sing that song, Key of G. Sister Sharon. He gets sweeter as the days go by. Well, he gets sweeter as the days go by. Oh, it gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer. It's deeper. Oh, it's fuller and it's sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Oh, yes. He gets sweeter as the days go by. It gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer. Oh, it's fuller, deeper, and it's sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter. As the days go by, let's sing the first verse now. Well, the more I trust him, the more I love him. Nothing good for me and I. The longer I know him, the better I can show him. I could stop now if I tried. Boy, he gets sweeter as the days go by. Oh, he gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer. Oh, it's deeper. Oh, it's fuller and it's sweeter. It's sweeter. Sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. The moment he saved me, his good grace he gave me. Places love down deep in my heart. His great joy of knowing with him I'm going. And never more from him to depart. For he gets sweeter as the days go by. Yes. It gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer. Oh, deeper is fuller and it's sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. Sing it one more time. Oh, it gets sweeter as the days go by. Yes. He gets sweeter as the moments fly. His love is richer, deeper is fuller and it's sweeter. Oh, sweeter, sweeter, sweeter as the days go by. [Music] And as I journey through the land, just singing as I go, pointing souls to Calvary, through the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from without. But my Lord leads me on and through him. I must win. Oh, I want to see him to look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace. And on the streets of glory, let me lift my voice. Cares all past at last, ever to rejoice. And when it's service for my Lord, dark may be the night, but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me light. Satan snares me, vex my soul, and turn my thoughts aside. But my Lord goes ahead and leads whatever time. Oh, I want to see him. I want to look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his saving grace. On the streets of glory. Just let me lift my voice. Oh cares all pass. Home at last. Ever to rejoice. And when in valleys low, I look toward the mountain high. And behold, my savior there leading in the fight. With a tender hand outstretched toward the valley long. He's guiding me. I can see as I onward go and know I want to see him. I want to look upon his face there to sing forever of his saving grace on the streets of glory. Just let me lift my voice. Cares all pass home at last. ever too. I love this last verse. When before me billows rise from the mighty deep, then my Lord directs my bar. He does save the king and he leads me gently on through this world below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. I want to look upon his face. Let us sing forever of his safe and grace on the streets of glory. Just let me lift my voice. Cares all pass. Home at last. ever to rejoice. Somebody can say, "He's a real friend to me." Amen. Amen. Let's go to the key of Eflat if we could, Sister Sharon. Down from his glory, ever living story. My God and Savior came and Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own a strangeanger. A man of sorrow, tears [Music] and Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my [Music] sunshine, my all in all. Well, the grain creator became my savior and all God's [Music] fullness dwell in him. Think of this. What condescension? Word [Music] contention bringing us redemption. That in the dead of night, not one saint inside. God gracious [Music] tender laid aside his [Laughter] [Music] splender stooping to wood to when to save my soul. Oh, how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my [Music] sunshine. He's my all in all. The great [Music] creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. The last verse together. Without reluctance and with reluctance, flesh and blood is suess. He took the form of man and revealed the hidden lamb. And oh glorious mystery, the sacrifice of calary. And now I know thou art the great I [Music] am. Oh how I love him. How I adore him. My breath, my sunshine, my all in all. The great [Music] creator became my savior and all. God's fullness dwell in him. Let's sing that last part. The great creator, the great creator became my savior and all God's fullness dwell in him. I call you holy. Your name is holy. You are so holy to me. I call you holy. Your name is holy. Holy you are. And holy be. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, I call you holy. Your name is holy. You are so holy to me. I call you holy. Your name is holy. Holy you are and holy you'll be. How many can say I call him righteous tonight? Oh, I call you righteous. Your name is righteous. You are so righteous to me. I call you righteous. Your name is righteous. Righteous you are and righteous you'll be. We can all say, "He's been faithful to me tonight." Oh, I call you faithful. Your name is faithful. You are so faithful to me. I call you faithful. Your name is faithful. Faithful you are. And faithful you'll be. I call you awesome, Lord. I call you awesome. Your name is awesome. You are so awesome to me. I call you awesome. Your name is awesome. Awesome you are. And awesome you'll be. How many can say he's all of those things to you tonight? Oh, I call you all that. Your name is all that. You have been all that to me. I call you all that. Your name is all that you're all that you are and all that you'll be. Amen. There's about a thousand verses we could make up to that one. Amen. He's our provider. He's our protector. He's our peace. He's our shelter. Amen. So, we just say he's awesome and he's all that. Amen. God is so good to us. Let's stand. Brother Joe, if you could come and take the request for us this evening. Brother Joe Galante. I was looking at Joe Robson, but it was Brother Joe Galante. So, [Music] God bless you. Let us all bow our heads and pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful, Lord. We believe we call you all things, Father, that we have heard, Lord, we're thankful for your word that we can hear it in this building tonight, Lord. For it has the power of God unto salvation, Lord Jesus. thankful for what we have learned today Lord that we can speak to the six sense which is faith and faith only feeds upon the word of God. Well, Father, Lord, cause us, Father, to dig deep, Lord, to study and, Father, speak those things that you have given us, Lord. May your Holy Spirit build us up in that most holy faith. Also, Lord Jesus, we're thinking of the our pastor, Lord, that is traveling brother Israel on his way home. Father, we pray that you'd just keep everything safe. Help him through the long journey, Father. Give him the strength he needs after, Lord, two weeks of laboring for you, Lord Jesus. We pray, Lord, that you just fortify him, Lord, in every way that he may need, Lord. And we thank you for him, Lord. We pray for Brother Jim Alexander, Deacon and Mesa, Lord. We pray, Father, that you just raise him up, Lord. We know the enemy is fighting him. His one side of his body, Lord, is paralyzed. But father, we speak healing into his body right now. Father, for Lord, when our five senses and our physical body is saying something contrary to the word of God, we call it a lying vanity. It's just a lie because your word says, Father, that by your stripes, we are healed, Lord. And we speak that for him tonight in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord. Thank you for all things. Take over the service. cause our hearts to lift you up ever more. Father, in the precious name of Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. Oh, there is nothing. Oh, there's nothing. There is nothing our God can do. Miracles and wonders. There is nothing. Oh, nothing that my God can do. Amen. Before we start the tape, you can have your seats if you if you'd like. And brother Joe at the end of service this morning, he got up and just mentioned something in in in general that before brother Brandham started talking about the five senses, he was just saying, you know, now just talking to my group here and and I had made a note of if you go back and look, it's paragraph 39, but this really stepped on my toes and is something that you you feel like you're maybe moving on and then and then God comes and corrects you. And he's like, "No, what you're thinking isn't what I'm thinking, and there's a higher plane for you to walk on." And so this paragraph 39 on there says, he says, "No matter when anyone says evil, return good. Don't think evil. If you do think evil and you're just hypocritically saying it, then you're wrong. You just keep on consecrating yourself to God until you really feel good to that person. That's the way to do it. Then the sweetness of God's blessings will just oh, it'll just cover your soul. That's the way to live victorious. Then nothing can harm you as long as you're in love. Amen. I can look at myself and say, you know, there's a lot of times where it's just lip service and you're trying to keep the right attitude. You're saying the right things and but I know my heart. And God looks at our heart and it's something that you're holding some bitterness. You're holding a grudge and it's like, Lord, that's wrong. help me just continue to to pray for that situation, pray for that person until this is the result that's coming forth in my life. How many can just say that's your desire tonight as well? Amen. Maybe before we start the second half of this service, the key of G. At night I lay in bed and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. I can't explain with tongue or pin the spirit's groanings deep within. It must be gone here in my soul cuz I feel the pull. Yield yourself to him tonight. I feel the pull. I hear the call and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the P. Second verse. I went to hear the word. I went to hear the word and with each line and phrase he was calling me to give a higher praise. Oh, there's a deep called to the deep. Just like a great magnet pull in me. Oh, I know for sure I'll reach the goal. I feel the pull. Maybe we just raise our hands to him as we sing this chorus. I feel the P. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. [Music] And I [Music] agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the pull. Maybe the musicians should just play it one time before we start the tape. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Hey. Hey. [Music] God bless you saints. Sure to be in church with each one one of you tonight. Let's all stand and we'll sing only believe and we'll finish this tape. We've heard about and listened to and believed super signs and super sense and faith tonight. Amen. Only believe. Only [Music] believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Yes. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. only baby. Amen. You can be seated, brother Brandham. That's super sense. It's super above the senses. It's a greater sense. It's a faith. It's a power that stares and draws. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, praise God. It's something he makes you do things that you never thought you would do. It's the six sense, the super sense. You get prayed for. Say you got got a crippled hand. You get prayed for your hand. You come up there and you believe that God's going to heal you. The pastor prays for you. You go back. The old natural man will say this. You don't feel any different in that hand. You're no better than what you ever was. But the six sense comes along and said, "That's a lie. You've been prayed for. That settles it. Amen. Like a woman had come to a meeting one time and she come to a meeting. Two of them. They crossed the platform. They'd seen the discernments. Them women were just just swallowed up. They were both real Christians. one come up and the spirit came and said, "You are suffering with a stomach trouble and her face lit up." She said, "That's true." Uh, and the Holy Spirit said to me, he said, "And it's an ulcer. It's caused from a nervous condition. You've been examined by a certain doctor." And he said that you could not have that. I had to have an operation, have it cut out. She said every word of that is the truth. And then seeing she's such a great believer. Then it said your name is miss so and so. You come from so and so and such and such a place. She said that is the truth. But was it the six sense catching it? Amen. The six sense and the holy spirit was standing side by side. The holy spirit was speaking. The six sense was saying amen. There it is. Something has to happen. Hallelujah. When Martha run out to find Jesus and when she said, "Lord, what's the six sense? If thou would have been here, my brother would not have died. But even now, whatever you ask God, God will give it to you." There's the six sense. Hallelujah. Jesus pulled himself together and said, "I am the resurrection and life." He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. Amen. Whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this. What are you going to say? Reasoning there's a man laying on a dead and the worms is crawling through him. But he's just got through saying he was the resurrection and the life. That's God's word. That's six sense. Beyond the doctor's care, beyond the thoughts of scientific research, defile defy all reasonings and casts them down. [Applause] It's witness into God's word. I am not I will be, I was, I am now. Resurrection. Amen. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet he shall live, and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this? He said, "Yay, Lord." Six sense, I believe that you are the son of God that should come into the world. Hallelujah. Thy brother shall rise again. Oh, amen. Oh my. To the grave they went. them two together, something had to happen. That was a super sense with God standing present. Something had to take place. The sense was super sense was God. There was something telling Martha that she had seen him. She knew him. She didn't recognize him to be the very Messiah. And she know if she could only get to him, if she could only get close to him and present the case. Just hear one promise come from him. That's all she wanted. When he said, "I am the resurrection life. Ye that believeth in me, though he were dead." That's all Martha wanted to hear. all she wanted because the sixth sense, the super sense, her faith was moving her to confess him, believe him. This woman when she left the platform, it was thus sayaeth the Lord, go home and eat. Jesus Christ makes you well. Lord, she went home. That night, a friend of hers living in the neighborhood was third or fourth behind her, and she had a big knot on her neck. And here she come all thrilled about her. Her neighbor was going to be healed. That ulcer that had bothered her so much. This is one of the hundreds of cases, thousands of them. And this big knot sticking out on her neck. And she come up. I said, "No one would have to discern that." But you're happy about something. You've been thrilled because that woman sitting over yonder is a neighbor of yours. Holy Spirit, she thought, "How in the world could that man know that? It has to be something to reveal it to you." So when that was said, it said, "You're thinking about your neck?" "Yes." "Do you believe it'll leave?" "I believe it." She said with all my heart, I said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, go home and you will receive your healing." The natural man looked around and couldn't see no sign. The woman with the ulcer went home and tried to eat and my she liked to died. Oh, the natural man, the natural sense of feeling still declared the ulcer there. So after about a week or two had passed, she went to the neighborhood to all of her people in the church testifying, "The Lord has healed me." And they said, "Are you eating now?" "No, not exactly everything I want." But she said, "I'm already healed. For by his stripes I am healed." No matter what it was, she's healed anyhow. One morning the children had gone to school and she got real hungry. She was standing washing the dishes by the window. She came to the meeting another meeting about a year later and she was washing the dishes and when she uh first thing she felt a real funny feeling go over and she thought what was that? Felt like I wanted to scream. And her husband had told her said, "Honey, you quit talking about that healing that because although he was a Christian, said you're bringing a reproach upon the cause." How can you bring a reproach when you're testifying to his word? Amen. You bring a reproach if you don't testify to it. Amen. Said if you were healed, you were healed. He said that man stood and looked me in the eye and told me my conditions and the things that I had done and who I was and where I had come from. She said I hadn't been the building 15 minutes when he come to the platform. How in the world could this man know that I never saw him in my life and he told me thus sayeth the Lord. Amen. You're healed. And she said, "I'll believe it until I'm dead." She said, "I'll believe it anyhow." So her and her sister bel friend had covenant to God that they'd hold that faith. That morning she felt real funny. And in a few minutes, she got hungry. So the children had left some oats in a plate, a little dish, and said, "Oats always just burn her up. If anybody ever had an officer, you know what it is." So she reached down and took a couple bites of those oats. Oh my. She said, "I I have to pay for it, I suppose, but one of these days I'll be all right." But she noticed she was still hungry. So she just finished up the dish. She waited a few minutes. See what happened? Nothing happened. Felt good. Still hungry. She fried her a couple eggs and poured her a cup of coffee and got some toast and had her real jubilee. She just ate all she could eat. She went ahead washing the dishes and about a half hour later she was hungry again. Hallelujah. No ill effects. She put on her little bonnet and down the street she went into this neighbor's house and when she got there she heard she thought there'd been a death baby in her family. They were screaming and shouting and walking around. The woman had slept late that morning and got up looking for the growth that was on her neck and it had disappeared during the night. Hallelujah. Praise God. What was it? God at work up here at Kat Tabernacle when we had that meeting. That crippled boy that come in there and was prayed for. many of us there to see him. They brought him back in that emergency room. Billy led me to him. They had him on a platform for three or four nights or on the in the building. He didn't get a prayer card, so they put him in the emergency room. I went in and prayed for him. Looked at him. He said, "Mr. Brandon, can you tell me some consolation?" I said, "Yes, sir, son. Holio got you this way." He said, "That's right." I said, 'Your name is such and such and come from a certain place.' That's right. He said, he said, 'What about my healing? I said, by his stripes you were healed. He went home testifying, giving God praise, and he brought such a reproach they claimed in the neighborhood until one Sunday a group of ministers come in and sat down by him and said, "You must stop doing that. You're bringing reproach upon the cause." And the young man sitting there said, "Mister, if you were sitting where I am, if you were in the chair that I'm sitting in, you wouldn't try to rob me of the last hope I got in Christ. That by his stripes I am healed." And he no more said that, sitting there, paralyzed, feet, hands, body, back. And no more than he sat there and out of the chair he went glorifying God. Hallelujah. But his natural senses said he'll sit there. The doctor said he'll be there forever or as long as he lives. But the six sense says by his stripes I am healed. And he wouldn't have nothing to do. It's casting away everything contrary to what God said. That's what the six sense is for. Old John Ryan, not the R Yn or RH YN. That was the blind beggar Fort Wayne. There where we went that day and he was prayed for in the meeting. That was the night before the piano played the great position. Now he's near without anybody by. And when he was blind, he's Catholic by faith. And he he stopped in the line and I looked at him and I said, "Your name is so and so, John Ryan." "Yes, you're a beggar on the corner. You've been blind for years." "Yes, that's right. You're a Catholic by faith." "That's right." I said, "Thus sayaeth the Lord, you receive your healing." Said, "Thank you, sir." I said, "Thank the Lord." He said, "But I can't see." I said, "That has nothing to do with it. You are healed." And he said uh he went down along to helped him off the platform. The natural man couldn't see nothing. They couldn't see no results from that at all. Why? I said he's just as blind as he ever was. So two of his friends brought him back and put him in the prayer line again and run him through again. Hired let him pass through. When he come back again, he said, "Mister, you told me I was healed." I said, "You told me you believe me." He said, "I do believe you. I have no reasons not to believe you." Said, "You've told me all things in my life." And he said, "I don't know what to do." Said, "There was a woman back there testifying she had a daughter a few minutes ago and it's gone away." I said, "Then if you believe me, why are you questioning me? I'm telling you the word of God." He said, "What must I do, sir?" knowing he was Catholic and had to have something physical and he told you. I said just keep testifying by his stripes I am healed and give him praise. The old man for the next two weeks or three he stood on the corner and he sold papers. He would holler extra extra praise the Lord I'm healed. Extra extra praise the Lord I'm healed. When he come back to the meeting the next night I couldn't hardly preach for him. He'd raised another. Everybody keep quiet. Praise the Lord for healing me. Praise the Lord for healing me. Hallelujah. As a Catholic, he didn't know how to take a hold of faith. But he know if he kept on saying it, kept on kept on kept on until that sick saints would go to work. That's right. Praise the Lord for healing me. You stand on the corner. Praise the Lord for healing me extra. Praise the Lord for healing me. And he walked down the street and there somebody come say, "How are you, John? Praise the Lord for healing me." "All right." And they laughed at him and made fun of him. And another little news boy led him over to the barber shop for a shave about two or three weeks later from the meeting. And that barber put him up in the chair and lthered his face. And he said, "John," he said, "I understand, some little smart addict." And he said, "I understand that you was down to see the divine healer when here. He said, "Yes, I went down." He said, "I understand that you got healed just to make fun of him." And the old man said, "Yes, praise the Lord. He healed me." And his eyes come open. Amen. Out of that barber chair, he went with a towel around his neck. The barber trying to catch him with a razor in his hand. And down the street they went. Amen. God's word had went to work. Hallelujah. Little Georgie Carter laying down under which you all know some people share close. Laid there for 9 years and 8 months. Couldn't even nothing but pull a draw sheet from under from the kidneys and bows. She weighed some 35 pounds laying under Miltown, Indiana. and our people belong to a church that when I went to hold a meeting there at the Milltown Baptist Church and praying for the sick. That church said, "If any member of this congregation attends that fanatic, we'll excommunicate him." And her father was a deacon. But she'd got my little book called Jesus the same yesterday and forever. Brother Hall, take me to her one afternoon. Her mother run out of the house. Wouldn't have nothing to do with it. I went in and prayed for her. Said, "Well, how about that male girl?" She'd know about the vision. I said, "That was a vision, sister. I can only pray. You have faith." The poor little thing had been caught against it. A few days from then, I was standing up there baptizing. She was down there crying, which promised that she'd come and be rebaptized again in the name of Jesus Christ if God would only heal her. There she old legs just about size of a broomstick. They couldn't even put her on a bed pan. Her mother yet a young woman sat there broke with pausing gayheaded from watching her daughter laying there dying by inches to bark the female glands and went all the way through her. She weighed some 37 lbs I think it was. They judged her couldn't raise her up high enough to put the blood pen on her. Had to pull a draw sheet from under a rubber one. Nine years and eight months she'd lay there not even able to raise her head to see a tree that was by the window. One day standing back up on top of the hillside at George Wrights, the Holy Spirit said to me, "Rise to your feet." I was looking there as a light shining out through a dogwood tree said, "Go by the way of rights or go by the way of Carter." When I got there, the Lord Jesus had showed her mother a sign that I was coming. Walked into that girl laying there on that bed so weak that she couldn't even raise a spewment cup. Her mother would hold it just trying to spit in the sputum and cup with the TV. I said, "Sister Georgie, Jesus Christ, the son of God, let me yonder in the wilderness about a half hour ago and told me to come lay hands on you. Thus sayeth the Lord, stand on your feet." The six sense went to work. A power struck that girl for the first time in three year or nine years and in eight months she'd ever been on her feet. Jumped to her feet running to the yards and blessing the trees and the grass and everything and went in and set out the piano begin to play. There is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's name. Why reasons would have cast down? She couldn't do it. I don't know now. I'll never know. only the power of God that held her up. Her legs wasn't that big around up here at the joints. Nothing like just like broomsticks. That's been some 12 years ago or 14. And today she's strong and healthy going for the glory Jesus. What was it? The first time there wasn't nothing seemed to happen, but reasoning would have said it couldn't happen. But brother, she held on to that word. If God could take that crippled girl up there at Salem, that nailed girl had been crippled and paralyzed. Her arms hung down like that could heal her, she could heal her, too. She believed it. Brother Hall laying down her dying with a cancer. The same man took me over there. His doctor in Miltown sent him up to this doctor that in New Albany down here that's there to the St. Edwards Hospital. I forget. He brought my children. Fine man, good doctor. He examined said cancer said to Dr. Brown down Miltown said he's dying. Dr. Brown said I thought so. Tuck him up to his sisters down here which is a a relative of Mr. Cop used to be the judge in the city. And when he got down there said just keep him here till he dies. And they sent for me to come down. I went day after day with my wife back there. We prayed for brother Hall. I loved him. He'd been one of my converts to Christ. And he got lower and lower and he couldn't move his hands. Miss Hall said, "Billy, is there something you can do?" I said, "There's nothing I know, Sister Hall, I can't hear a word from the Lord." We I said, "I'd like for my doctor to look at him." Said, "Who is your doctor?" I said, "Dr. Sam Adair." And I called Sam. Sam said, "Only thing I can send him to Louisville, Billy, for X-rays and things." Said, "I'll give you the report." They sent an ambulance down, picked him up, tuck him, come back. Sam called me up and said, "Billy, he's got cancer of the liver. We can't cut his liver out and him live." Said, "He's a preacher. He ought to be all right now. You might as well tell him he's going." I said, "He's ready to go, Sam." But the thing of it is, I just hate to see him go. He's my brother and I love him. I thought, "Oh, God, do something for me." I started to go squirrel hunting that morning. I looked out before day nobody was out in the yard, picked up a rifle, and started the house. There was an old rugged looking apple hanging on the wall. I thought, "Why did me put that on the wall?" I looked and another and another and another till six of them hung there. I jerked off my hat and fell on my knees on the floor. Looked up there and then a great big beautiful apple come down and eat all those apples up. I looked standing above there and there's that same light hanging on that picture yonder standing there milling around said, "Stand on your feet. Go tell Mr. Thus sayeth the Lord, you'll not die but live. I went down and told him he wasn't any different. But he believed it. He held on to it. There was no difference. Seemed like a day passed. No difference the second day. No difference about the third day it started. And here he is a living today after years and years. Amen. Notice sitting right here, Miss Weaver. If I'm not mistaken, when her daughter came after the helium RG Morgan, I went down there and there wasn't nothing that woman could do. She'd be dead within the next few hours. They had a shot or two they could give her and that was all. They had a female operation, cancer run through her spine. They scattered it when they operated. There was nothing to do for the woman. I want to talk to her about healing, but she said, "Sir, you are a minister of the Lord God, and I'm not worthy that you would come into my house." Counting herself unworthy for a minister to come. She said, "I've lived a life. I've danced and I've done things that I should not have done. I've used bad language or whatever more." She told me her sins and she said, "I'm not worthy of it." I seen she was hitting the right line. She'd have to get Christ in here before that six super sense would ever go to work. We knelt down. I talked to her about though your sins be a scarlet. She gave her life to the Lord Jesus Christ. And when she did, she said, "Oh, oh, I feel so different. Something's happened to me. Something's happened to me. I want to shake hands with all of you." Just then, I looked out. I seen her in a vision going back behind the house to a chicken coop. I said, "Mrs. Weaver, thus saith the Lord God, you'll make a trip to that chicken coop and you'll live. She couldn't go over the way she felt. Cancer eat her up. She couldn't go to what the doctor said she was dying. And that's been, I guess, 14, 15 years ago, Miss Weaver. 14 years ago, she staggered up to this tabernacle when she was simply didn't look like she's able to get out of bed. little old bony arms because she promised God she'd come and be baptized in the name of Jesus. We picked her up out of a wheelchair almost a chair, took her down in the pool and baptized her in the name of Jesus. And there she sits tonight. Look at her if you want to see a species of hell. Why? Hallelujah. Casting down reasonings and scientific researches and everything else. Amen. Because the six sense went to work. That's it. Look, let me just say this again just for a minute. Jesus passed by a tree one time and it was a fig tree and he looked at the fig tree. Now, please don't miss this. He looked at the fig tree and there was no figs on it. And he said he cursed the tree and said, "No man eat from thee." The disciples looked around, tree looked like it always did. An hour from that, it still looked the same. God never opened up the earth and swallowed it up. God never sent a barking lightning out of the skies and burned it to a charcoal. He could have done it. Sure, he could. He never did those things. What did happen? The tree had been cursed. The faith of God had placed against that tree's life. There was nothing physical you could see. But way down beneath the earth, down in the roots of the tree, death was setting in. It had been cursed. The six sense had come against it. It had to die. Amen. Amen. Started dying from the roots. That's the same thing takes place with a cancer. That's the same thing takes place with a tumor. That's the same thing takes place with any disease. When that sick sense of power, but the Lord God raises up against it. And Satan come out of there. You might not see no physical condition happen right away, but that faith holds there just the same. It's been cursed. That six sense won't, that super sense won't let it go. It won't pay attention to how you feel, how you look, how you act. It won't have one thing to do with it. God's word's been applied. The six sense takes a hold of it. That's all. She goes to work. The cancer begins to dwell away. It dies from the roots and it's gone. Certainly by this same forceful six sense kingdoms has crumbled. Lap one wall against another six since the Red Sea pushed back. Amen. and a dry ground made a way for our children of God to escape on. By this same six sense, Samson defied a thousand Philistines armed with armors and spears. Amen. He had no way to defend himself but the jawbone of a wild mule. That six sense went to work. And he beat down a thousand Philistines. Hallelujah. By this six sense, the dead's been raised. By this six sense, mighty miracles has been performed. It's the most powerful force that ever hit the earth. Amen. is that super sense called the six sense has nothing to do with this down here. If this down here declares it and says amen to it, all right, you're moving on. But regardless of what this does, believe that. Amen. There's where the power if you believe in your heart. Your fifth sense of thinking lays within your brain, but your sixth sense lays in your heart. Amen. Amen. You believe with your heart. Confession is made by the mouth. You believe with your heart. Yes, sir. That six sense, that powerful force. Listen. Because of that six sense, there was a prophet thrown into a lion's den. And because of that six sense, the lions couldn't eat Daniel. Amen. They couldn't they couldn't get near him because of that six sense. That super sense by that same six sense. Three Hebrew children are sold into a fiery furnace and they defied the flames of the furnace. That six sense. All reasons would prove that they'd be burnt to death before they got to it. But that six sense stayed them in there for two or three hours. And when they opened the furnace, they seen one standing among them like the son of God. That's the sixth sense. Fires wouldn't burn it. Yes, sir. Was that same six sense one time that the apostle Peter was laying in jail and they were going to beheading the next day and down at John Mark's house. had a prayer meeting. That six sense begin to accumulate around that jail where he's been covered by prayer. That six sense went to work. The pillar of far came in the window and touched Peter and said, "Come home, get out of here." The six sense, it was that six sense that wouldn't let St. Paul be drowned on that mighty sea when that little ship was water logged. Amen. It was the six sense that kept him from being drowned. That super sense. It was that six sense that when the serpent bit him on the hand, he shook it off in the fire. Hallelujah. Amen. It was the six sense that did that. It was that six sense that raised Jesus Christ from the dead after he laid in the ground because he believed the word of God. Amen. said, "Destroy this body and I'll raise it up again on the third day. For David said, I'll not leave my holy one see corruption, neither will I leave your soul in hell." Hallelujah. Was that super sense? Cast down the reasonings of these senses. Believe the super sense, the sense of faith that Jesus Christ gives. By that same sense, God spoke when there was nothing. What is that sense? That super sense is God. The faith of God in you, the part of God that comes into you gives you the super sense. But that same super sense, God framed the world together with things which was not and did not appear. He spoke his word and believed his word and a world shook into existence. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The six sense, the super sense. Oh God, pour it out on me. Amen. Give it to me and everyone who needs it. Pour thy six sense into me, Lord. I'm willing to surrender these five my own knowledge thoughts, casting down all reasons. Lord, let thy word be true and every man's word a lie. Amen. Every reasoning, every doubt be cast away and let me walk by the super sense. The sense of the Holy Spirit. Don't you want that? That's the thing that we want. God bless you, friends. That's what you need. That super sense will ask for something. And it knows that he'll give it. It's persuaded. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek him. If the six sense says God keeps his word, I give myself to him. I surrender all I got to him. My sense says this will bring it to pass my faith in God's word then call anything else contrary to it as though it wasn't. Abraham met God and God said, "You're going to have a baby by Sarah and him 75 and her 65." Abraham called everything that wasn't God was contrary to that as though it wasn't. He walked as if he seen God and he he believed. He called anything that said that it wasn't any reasonings, anything else that the doctor might have said, "Well, Abraham, you're too old to do that. That don't make a bit of difference. What the doctor said, what anybody else said, what his own mind said, what anything else said. God was right. He stayed with it. That's the sixth sense, the super sense. God, give it to me. God, let me have more of it to minister to his people is my prayer this morning. When that mother brought that little red-headed baby standing here, the tears running down her cheeks, I said, "What's the matter, sister?" She said, "Brother Brandon, it's got leukemia." I felt something rise up. Amen. Oh, he's a very present help in a time of trouble. Remember, not long ago, Billy and I was going down the road driving. some colored boys come down the road and they were driving fast and they'd sideswipe the car and turned around and around and around and throw boys all over the road and one little fellow was pinned under the car with his back laying against the car. The boys jumped out and started to raise it up. He said, "Oh, please don't. My back is breaking. Don't you kill me. You'll kill me. Don't do it." And they said, "Oh, we've got to get it off if he's catching a fire. Don't move it. You mashing me to death. Don't do it. Don't do it. I holler there, son. Are you a Christian? He said, "No, sir." I said, "You better pray." He said, "Yes, sir." The six sense went to work, walked right around behind the car, and I'll never know till the judgment. But all of a sudden, that car flicked over and was off of him, and he jumped up and was all right. What was it? a present help in a time of trouble. Hallelujah. We were coming down from a a young colored lady was driving a car in the road, New Plymouth about 400 miles on it. She had been driving a pretty good speed and I seen the car drove it crank past shaft all the way into the tree. Billy and I stopped them in a snowy slick road ahead of us, but it was dry there. And the girl, the wind's blowing so hard up in Minnesota, tell it to blow the car off. You remember, Billy? I run down there to her and there she's sitting there. She said, "Oh, I'm dying. I'm dying." They called the ambulance. Ambulance come. And they had a dead man laying in the back of the ambulance. He said, "I can't take her." And so the farmer said, "Well, send somebody else quick. The woman's dying." I walked up there and I said, "Lady, just a minute." She said, "Oh, don't touch me, sir. Don't touch me my back." I said, "Lady, are you a Christian?" She looked at me and I said, "I'm a minister of the gospel. If you're dying, how is it with you and God?" She said, "Sir, I want to be right now." And the six saints went to work. Hallelujah. The power of God came down. She could walk out of the car without anybody helping her. The power of God present, the very present help. In a time of trouble, we walk by faith. We live by faith. The just shall live by faith. We must live that way. Yeah. How many would like to have more of the six super sense? Let us bow our heads and while we pray. Precious Lord, our God and our father, thou art so good to us. You give us five senses to live by and to walk by in this earth or to or to touch the earth. We can feel things that's that's to be felt with our hands. Tangible things. You give us hearing that we can hear. We're so glad of that that we can hear the word of God. And by that faith cometh by hearing, hearing the word of God. We're thankful for these six senses. Lord, may we maintain them all the days of our life. But may this super sense, may the sense of faith that belongs to the believer because he has to have it in order to believe. Lord, give us more of it. Oh, purge it, Lord, and try us and fill us with thy goodness and thy power. Let us walk all the days of our life by the six sense, by the sense of faith that's only given by Jesus Christ, that what we pray for, may we believe that we receive it, have no doubt in our heart, and you promised that it would come to pass. These who had their hands up, Lord, I'm praying for them. They had needs. You know what they were. I pray that you'll bring them to pass. Every one of them. May it be fulfilled their desire. I ask it in Jesus name. Amen. Faith in the father. Faith in the son. Faith in the Holy Ghost. These three are one. Demons will tremble and sinners awake. Faith in Jehovah will anything shake. Did you ever hear it before? Not without the music. Just need faith. Faith in the Father, faith in the Son, faith in the Holy Ghost. These three are one. Demons will tremble and sinners awake. Faith in Jehovah makes anything shake. Amen. That's right. Oh my precious faith. Precious, glorious faith. Hallelujah. God, give me faith. By faith, Abraham. By faith, Isaac. By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain. Him being yet dead yet testified. Oh, how we need faith. I love him. I want more faith. My desire in this life and for this new year coming is more faith in God. God take away any doubt that's in my mind. If there should ever arise one, Satan fights at me. He fights at you. He tries to shoot his arrows, but may I have that shield of faith always before me to withstand the ws of the devil to but to knock off his fiery darts is my sincere prayer. God bless you. Anything you say? We need to announce. Can you say amen tonight, church? Amen. If you've got something on your heart, on your mind, hold that before him as we sing Have Faith in God. He said, "Cast down reasonings and science. Let's have faith in him." The most powerful forth. He called it the six sense. [Music] Oh, have faith in God. Have faith in [Music] God. Have faith in God. for the [Music] answer in God. Have faith in God. Oh, have faith in God. Have faith in God for the answer. Have [Music] faith in God. Hold your need before me and as we sing it once more. Oh, have faith in [Music] God. Have faith in God. Have faith in God for the answer. Have faith in God. Thy loving kindness is better than life. We ask brother John to come up as we sing thy loving kindness. And certainly we'll be in prayer for our P pastor, brother Israel as he comes back over the next couple of days comes home. Believe there's a Bible study coming up and a potluck next Friday. This Friday. So want to be in preparations and prayer for that. Uh those that are missing among us, keep them held up in prayer. Brother Levi, Brother Chris, am I missing anything here tonight? Alrighty. So we have plenty of time to worship the Lord together, Brother John. So take your time just worship together and God be with you. Been so good to be with you. Brother David, thank you for joining us here tonight. You're not a visier visitor just home folk. Uh sister RV love and appreciate each one of you so much. And uh we'll sing thy loving kindness. It's better than life is love tonight and praise and worship him. And then we'll lift our hands. It says hands like two hands. So we'll get there and worship and lift our hands together. Thy loving kindness. Yes, it's better than life. My love pink. Oh yes, it's better than life. Well, my lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Well, I will lift up my hands in thy name. Oh, let's lift our hands now. Well, I lift my lips shall praise thee and I will bless thee. Oh, I in thy name. For thy loving kindness is better than life. My love, come up here, Levi. This Oh yes. Is better than life. Oh my love. I will lift up my hands to thy name. Amen. God bless you all. Um, dad told me to uh mention a couple things to you. So, he said that he would like for me to greet the people on his behalf. Um he said tell them I said thank you for praying for me and it's nice to see you even from afar. So we've got some cameras in here and and they've been capturing your smiling faces and uh yeah he also said to greet the saints at Mesa as well. Uh we're happy to have them. and he said that he had his final service on a radio broadcast that led to a woman that called in to find out more about the ministry there, which was the first response they ever received from from starting the broadcast in February. So, yeah, just that update. I believe he'll be home in a couple days, so we will keep keep him in prayer and hope that everything goes well. God bless you all. Thank you for that, Brother Levi. So good to have a little report there from his natural blood here. So God bless you. We'll uh do it one more time. Brother John, thy loving kindness is better than life. [Music] I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. I lift my hands, Lord, unto thy name. My lips shall praise thee. Thus will I bless thee. Oh, I will lift up my hands unto thy name. [Music] Amen. F. Let the church say amen. Let the church say amen. God has spoken. And let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. God has spoken and let the church say. Let's stand as we sing it one more time. Oh, let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. God has spoken and let the church say amen. [Laughter] Oh, let the church say amen. Oh, let the church say amen. God has spoken and let the church say amen. Yes, God has spoken. And let the church say [Music] amen. Touching Jesus, that's all that really matterers. [Music] And your life will never be the same. For there's only one way to touch him, and that's believe when you call on his name. touching Jesus. That's all that really matterers. And your life will never be the same. for there's only only one way to touch him. Oh, and that's to believe when you call on his name. I was shackled by a heavy burden beneath the load of guilt and shame. [Laughter] But then the hand of Jesus touched me. And now I am no longer the same. For he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. for something happened. And now I know that he touched me and he made me whole. And since I've met this blessed savior. And since I've met this blessed [Music] savior. Yes. Since he cleansed and made me whole. How many want this to be your testimony? Then I will never cease to praise him. I'm going to shout it while eternity [Music] rules. For he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And oh, the joy that floods my soul. for something has happened. And now I know he touched me and he made me [Music] whole. May Tim, would you dismiss us with a word of prayer tonight? Let's bow our heads. Dear Lord, we just want to thank you for today and we just thank you for the services that we had today. And we just thank you for blessing us with a place where we can just come together and and worship you, Lord. And we're so thankful for that. And we we're thankful for this church and this group of believers that you place in our lives, Lord. And we just ask that you would continue to draw us closer to you, Lord. We just ask that you would go with each one as we go throughout our week, Lord. We just ask that you would be with us and that we would just give you the time that you deserve, Lord. We we fall so short in so many areas and we just want you to be first in our lives, Lord. And we just thank you for today and all that you do for us, Lord. We just ask these things in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] And all the joy that floods my [Music] soul for something has happened and now I know he touched me and made me whole. Amen. So good to be together again today. Amen. You're welcome to go when you feel like it. We'll just continue to worship a little bit if you want to stay in worship with us. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save a rest like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. It was grace that taught my heart. It was grace that taught my heart to fear. And grace my fears relieved. How gracious did thy grace appear. The hour that I first believe. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] Savior has ransomed me. And like a blood his mercy reigns unending love. [Music] Amazing grace the Lord has promise good to me. His word my hope [Music] secure. He will my shield and portion be as long as life endures. The last verse, the earth shall soon, the earth shall soon dissolve like snow. The sun forbear to shine. The God who called me here belong. He will be forever mine. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] Savior has ransomed me. And like a [Music] blood his mercy reigns unending love. Amazing grace. The first verse. Oh, it's amazing grace. How sweet the sound that say a rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I [Music] see upon life's boundless ocean where mighty billows roll. I fixed my hope in Jesus blessed anchor of my soul. In trials, fears assail me. Storms are gathering. I rest upon his mercy and trust him more. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, the storms of life all break. I've anchored in Jesus. Oh, I fear no wind or waves. I have anchored in Jesus. Oh, for he has power to say, I'm anchored in the rock of [Applause] aes where he keeps my soul from evil. He gives me blessed peace. His voice has stilled the waters and bid their tumbled seas. He's my pilot and deliverer. to him my all goodbye. For always when I need him, he's at my side. For I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life all break. I've anchored in Jesus. I'll fear no wind or way. I have anchor in Jesus for he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Well, he is my friend and savior. In him my anchors cast. He drives away my sorrows. He shields me from the blast. By faith I'm looking upward beyond troubled sea. I behold a haven prepared for me. Oh, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life all break. I've anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or wave. I've anchored in Jesus for he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of aes. Oh yes, I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life all break. I have anchored in Jesus. I fear no wind or way. I've anchored in Jesus for he hath power to save. I've anchored in the rock of [Music] aesence. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey, do you [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
