################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Sunday Evening 06-08-25 - Pastor Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   Sunday Evening 06-08-25
Speaker: Pastor Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-5MNu-z7IA
========================================

[Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] My hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever Lord, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Just sing that again. Yes, my hope is in the Lord from this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope is in the Lord forever more. Stand as we sing that one more time to Yes, my heart is in the Lord. From this time on forever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Brother Tim Robson. Would you come open our service with a word of prayer [Music] tonight? Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for gathering us all together here safely. Thank you for being within our midst and for your promises. Thank you for brother John as a song leader and for all of the musicians and for the people doing the sound. Thank you for brother Israel. Pray you guide his lips and keep them in your will. Dear name. Amen. Amen. De, we have a lot to be thankful for tonight. Amen. Happy for the opportunity to be able to come again and worship him. Amen. We'll just sing a couple choruses if you don't mind before we're seated. Sister Sharon KVF, he counts the stars one and all. Let me pull it up here. I'm [Music] sorry. He counts the stars one and all. knows how much sand is on the shore. Sees each sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything of all creatures, great and small. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain and can't see the light of day, I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. Don't have all the answers to the questions of life. But I know in whom I have believed and he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, and he knows my name when I'm overwhelmed by the pain. Can't see the light of day, but I know I'll be just fine. Yes, he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name when I'm overwhelmed by the pain. Can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. Yes, he knows my [Music] name. Yes, he knows my name. You can be seated if you'd like. And I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, Lord. I'll say yes. Tell him that again. Oh, I will say yes, Lord. I'll say yes to your will, Lord. I'll say yes where he leads me. Oh, and where he leads me, I will [Music] go. I will say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. Just surrender to him tonight as we sing it again. Lord, I'll say yes. I'll say yes, Lord. Oh, I will say yes to your will, Lord. I'll say yes. Where you lead me, Lord? where [Music] leading I will [Music] go. Oh, I'll say yes, Lord. I'll say yes. But I've got peace like a river. I've got peace just like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. I've got peace just like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace just like a river in my soul. I've got love. I've got love just like an ocean. I've got love like an ocean. I have got love like an ocean in my soul in my soul. I've got love like an ocean. I've got love just like an ocean. I have got love like an ocean in my soul. I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy. Just like a fountain. I have got joy like a fountain in my soul. I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy like a fountain. I've got joy like a fountain. One more time. I've got peace. And I have got peace just like a river just like a river. I have got peace like a river in my soul in my soul. I've got peace just like a river. I've got peace like a river. I've got peace like a river in my soul. Amen. Let's go to the key of E flat. Sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. What a wonder you are. Sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. What a wonder you are. You're brighter than the morning star. Oh, you are fairer, much fairer than a lily that grows by the wasteland. Precious, more precious than gold. You're like the rose of Sharon. You're the fairest of the bear. You are all my heart could ever desire. Oh, sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. What a wonder you are. You are precious. More precious. Is he that to you tonight? Tell him that one more time. Oh, sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus, what a wonder you are. You're brighter than the morning star. Oh, you are fairer, much fairer than the lily that goes by the wayside. Precious, more precious than gold. You're like the rose of Sheron. You're the fairest of the fair. You are all my heart and soul desire. Sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. What a wonder you are. You're precious, more precious than gold. We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. [Music] Let your glory fill this sanctuary. Be enthroned on the praises of your people. Lord, we agree in unity. This is your house. [Music] Father, come and dwell. This is your [Music] house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. Let's invite and make a welcome now tonight. Oh spirit, overflow this place. Decorate our walls with grace and mercy. and healing and redemption. Find searching souls. Lord, have your way. We humbly pray. For this is your house, Lord. Come and dwell. This is your house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burden and their care. This is your house. This is your house. Come and dwell. [Music] Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Oh Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest. Can we just sing that verse to him again tonight? Oh yes, Jesus, you're the sweetest name of all. Jesus, you always hear me when I call. Jesus, you pick me up each time I fall. You're the sweetest, the sweetest. Let's sing the next verse together now. How I love to praise your name, Jesus. [Music] How I love to praise your name, Jesus. You're still the first, the last, the same. Oh Jesus, you died and took away my shame. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. And you're the soon and coming king, Jesus. You're the soon and coming king. Lord Jesus, we need the love that you can bring. Oh Jesus, we lift our voices up and sing. You're the sweetest. Let's stand and sing that verse one more time as the deacons come for the offering. You're the soon and coming king, Jesus. You're the soon and coming king. Jesus, we need the love that you can bring. Oh Jesus, we lift our voices up and sing. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. Do we have any prayer requests with Joe? Amen. Amen. Amen. We we had a big list of prayer requests this morning and just touch on a few right now. First is a praise report from Nash Silva. All pain went away. Praise the Lord. Wonderful. Amen. We're thankful for that. Let's just continue to remember brother Bobby Figueroa, Sister Lorie Snow, Brother Snow, Fred Fasil from the Sacramento Church, Brother Tovar from the Phoenix area, of course, Brother Israel, Brother John as he's recovering, the musicians, the travelers, or just pray generally for everyone, each of us together, for one another. Amen. Let us bow our hearts. Father God, we're thankful that you take our burdens and our cares. Thankful, Lord, that you have your hand upon those that we have been lifting up before you. Father, you said the prayer of faith would save the sick and the Lord would raise them up. Father, we also know that we're to do just one thing, and that's believe. Father, it covers a lot, but Lord, we're not of those that draw back, but we believe unto the saving of the soul and body. Father, Lord, take this request, Lord, send thy mighty angels, Lord, where all may be in their homes, in their beds, whatever the situation is, Father, and just, Lord, give them a charge like, Father, a battery in a car. Help them to know, Father, that there's prayers being made for them. Encourage everyone, Father. Lord, we're just grateful to be able to be here and share burdens, Father, knowing that you care, Lord Jesus. Take all unbelief away from us, Lord, as we would hear the word of God tonight. Let us embrace it, Lord, with new revelation, Lord, new inspiration, and we'll give you all the praise and the glory for it. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask it. Amen. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. Yes, [Music] Jesus. How I love to praise your name, Jesus. You're still the first, the last, the same. Oh Jesus, you died and took away my shame. You're the sweetest, the sweetest name of all. Amen. You can be seated again. Could I have just a little more monitor volume? Let's go to the key of G if we could. [Music] You're beautiful beyond [Music] description. Too marvelous for words. Too wonderful for [Music] comprehension, like nothing ever seen or heard. Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? Who can fathom the depth of your love? [Music] You are beautiful beyond [Music] description. Majesty enthroned [Music] above and I stand. I stand in all of you. Yes, I stand. I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. I stand in all of you. Tell him again. Oh, I stand I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in awe of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. We stand in all. Let's just sing the verse one more time. You're beautiful beyond description. You're beautiful beyond description. You're too [Music] marvelous for words. You're too wonderful for comprehension like nothing ever seen or heard. Who can grasp your infinite wisdom? And who can fathom the depth of your love? You are beautiful beyond description. Majesty enthroned above. And I stand I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praises do. I stand in you. Yes, I stand. I stand in all of you. I stand I stand in all of you. Holy God to whom all praise is due. I stand in awe of you. And you're my glory, Lord. You're the lifter of my hand. You're my glory, Lord. You're the lifter of my head. For thou, oh Lord, you are a shield to me. You're my glory. You're the lifter of my hand. Oh, let's sing that again to him. Why don't we stand and worship him? You're you're my glory, Lord. Oh, you're the lifter of my hand. [Music] Yes, you're my glory and you're the lift of my head for thou. Oh Lord, you are a shield for me. You're my glory and you're the lifter of my head. Let's try singing the verse on that. Sister Sharon. Well, when the terror of the enemy seems to rise all around me. Well, I I will not be araid. Oh, for there there is one greater. Oh, he's my shield. He's my defender. And he will stand beside me till that day. Oh, you're my glory, Lord. You're the lifter of my hand. Oh yes, you're my glory, Lord. You're the lifter of my hand. [Music] For thou, oh Lord, you are a shield for me. You're my [Music] glory and the lifter. For you are my glory, Lord. You're the lifter. Yes, you are my glory, Lord. You're the lifter of my hand. Oh, we've been made more than coner. We are overcomers in this life. Amen. We've been made victorious. We've been made victorious. Thank you for your blood, Lord, through the blood of Jesus Christ. One more time. We have been made more than [Music] conquerors. I'm an overcomer in this life. Oh, I have been made victorious through the blood of Jesus. Just continue standing and worship him as the musicians play it again. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Overcome [Music] us. In this life we be made [Music] victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let us bow our head for a word of prayer. Lord Jesus, we thank you for the opportunity to come and worship you again in spirit and in truth. Lord, as the song said, Lord, you've made us more than conquerors. You made us victorious. And Lord, we're not the tail, but you made us the head. Oh God, you have given us a place in your great economy as sons and daughters of God, Lord. And we're not ashamed of you. We're not ashamed of your message. We're not ashamed, Lord, of the blood. We're not ashamed, oh God, to take a stand for you in this hour. I pray, Lord, you'll give us the courage that is needed to overcome right now. It's very dangerous and a lot of fear on every hand. But give us faith, Lord, to take a stand for you as our prayer. Oh God, bless us we pray. Thank you Jesus for this great opportunity. Lord remember the saints that are on the stream. Lord bless everyone. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless each of you this evening. We're happy to be in the house of the Lord with you again tonight. Amen. Aren't you happy to be here? Amen. Praise the Lord. I went over to the old building there on Broadway the other day and uh there is no building there and I just felt kind of funny sitting there and looking at that empty space but it's you know that's how life is. Time is like that. Nothing stays the same. You got to keep moving on. Amen. And so but I'm glad to be here tonight with you in this lovely place of worship. And we just like to go right into the word and uh continue from this morning just a little bit asking the Lord to help us. I want to take a scripture in Proverbs 28 and in Psalms 32. I certainly love talking about Rahab and what the Lord did for her and Ruth, two Gentiles, which that's all of us. I don't think there's any Jews in here. Any Hebrews? Any Jewish people? No. Huh? Brother Lazy. Yes. Brother Lazi's his mother was a Jew. But for us Gentiles, they represent us very well, don't they? In Proverbs 28, we'll take a scripture. I trust it'll be a blessing to you tonight. Verse number 13. He that coverth his sins shall not prosper, but who so confessth and forsaketh them shall have mercy. He that coverth his sin shall not prosper, but who so confessth and forsaketh them shall have mercy. Let's take Psalms 32 just for a moment. Verse one. Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered. Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth not iniquity, and whose spirit there is no guile. When I kept silence, my bones wax old through my roaring all the day long. For day and night, thy hand was heavy upon me. My moisture is turned into the drought of summer. Sa I acknowledge my sin unto thee, and mine iniquity have I not hid. I said, I will confess my transgressions unto the Lord, and thou forgavest the iniquity of my sin. Sa for this shall everyone that is godly pray unto thee in a time when thou mayest be found. Surely in the floods of great waters there shall not come nigh unto him. It goes on to the Lord being in his hiding place. Beautiful portions of scripture. If you hide your sin, you will not prosper. But then there is a there is a way for your sins to be covered and that is under the blood. That's through our confession. So we ask the Lord Jesus to bless us. God bless you. You may be seated. We ended with speaking on Ruth just a little bit and um talking about Rahab, of course. And we're in the book of Ephesians talking about our inheritance. Amen. And how that inheritance is what belongs to us. And we brought out to you that the position for the believer is a prayed up position. Just one little piece of the scripture is our portion to be prayed up. And the prophet brings out and the scriptures bring out this great inheritance. These are the things that belong to us. And um I read a few of those definitions, but it's um um a quality, a characteristic, a predisposition genetically from one parent or ancestors to receive or be left with. a situation, an object from a predecessor or former owner. It is to receive money, property, or a title as an heir at the death of a previous holder. And so these um positions and places in the scriptures that belong to the believer, we inherit those. We they belong to us as a believer. Amen. And these are the heavenly places that the scriptures are speaking of. The apostle Paul is trying to show us and brother Brandham is bringing to us that Joshua was a type of the Holy Spirit. And I like how he says it in the message the adoption. He says this here in adoption number two, paragraph 19. The prophet says, "Then did you notice Moses, the great miracle performer that brought down Israel down through the land and brought them up to the promised land, but did not place their inheritance to them." He did not give them their inheritance. He led them up to the land, but Joshua divided the land to the people. Is that right? And Christ brought the church up to the place to where their possession was made to them, was given to them, just the Jordan to cross. But the Holy Spirit is the one who sets the church in order. The Joshua of today puts the church in its order, giving to each one gifts, places, position, and he is the voice of God speaking through the inner man that Christ has saved the Holy Spirit. Now, do you get that much of it? Now, we're getting over in the book of Ephesians. Now the same way he positionally places placing the church where they belong. Now Joshua placed them in the natural land. Now the Holy Spirit is placing the church positionally in the land that they in the position that they belong in their inheritance. So who's doing the placing here? Is it the pastor? Is it yourself? Is it someone else? Some great person. No, it's the Holy Spirit. And I think if we came with that motive and knowing that it's the Holy Spirit that's trying to persuade you one way or the other, we might approach our service a little different and the vessels that God may use in bringing you the word of the Lord. It is not your pastor trying to do anything to you. It is the Holy Spirit that is trying to place you in the position according to the scriptures. And it's so beautiful that he speaks to the inner man. He speaks within that inner man to place that believer. It's the Holy Spirit that wants you to find your place. Amen. Now we know that Israel their position in the scripture was they went from Egypt then the wilderness and then into Canaan land. Three stages of the journey. So we the believer that are in Christ. We're not in Egypt. We're not in the wilderness. We represent Israel in Canaan land. Here we are now fighting for the blessings that God has given to us. It's not heaven. It's not the millennium. It's Canaan land. We're fighting for a position. We're fighting for our loved ones. Fighting for the Holy Ghost and the Holy Spirit for all of the great things that take place in our life. The Holy Spirit, the Christian is in that battle. And the only thing that would hinder us from attaining and achieving is sin in our lives. Is that right? It's the unbelief that would cause us to falter. As we've been bringing to you the last couple of times, sin is unbelief. Now, here what brother Adam says in the message Perseverance 1964, paragraph number 94. And he says this here very clearly. A real Christian fights for his position. He has to stand alone, him and God. And he fights every inch of ground. So you don't have to baby them around. That's what's the matter with the Pentecostal church today. We got Pentecostal babies that just been sprinkled and sprayed with this and that and the other till it's run out to a bunch of hybrids. What we need today is a house cleaning from the pull pit all the way to the janitor and starting over again and get some genuine faith born into people. Yeah. And brother Madam continues on um that this is the Christian's position that we fight for our position that we're not babies and we fight for every inch of ground. Nothing is going to be given to us for free. Amen. The Holy Spirit moving in our midst, moving in our lives has to be a fight. We're going to fight for that. Not going to be given to us. And this is what we do. And this is what the true believer does. He finds himself seeing himself in the word of God. He takes the extra time to pray, to study, to search out the scriptures to see where he may be weak or may be faltering. Uh the true believer is really concerned that they're walking in the perfect will of God. Amen. That's the true believer. And we are trying with all of our heart knowing that it's the end time knowing that there's a great promise of a great power to surge and take the church home. It's mentioned in many different ways. The gift, signs, wonders, miracles. But yet even the third pull, the manifestation of the last day move of God that is going to happen saints that is in the word is very clear. I want to be part of that. And I believe the group that's prayed up will be a part of it. There'll be a lot of churches filled and people sitting doing whatever they've been doing, church normal, church usual. But there's a true bride of Jesus Christ that they're reading the message again. They're reading their Bible again. They're taking it to heart and they're really believing God with all of their heart. And I believe that it starts right here. an oldfashioned Sunday night service starts on a Wednesday prayer starts on the Sunday morning starts right there that this believer is finding his position. Now I read this scripture in Proverbs and in Psalms talking about he that hideth his sins will not prosper. You know, this is where this great man Achin comes into play. Um, we'll take a scripture here just for a moment and it's found in the book of Joshua, the last chapter of Joshua, I believe it's 22. in verse number 20. Yes. And these are the children of Israel. They were upset with Dan and uh the halft tribe of Manasseh and um another tribe Gad I believe it is. And uh because they had erect erected an altar on the other side of Jordan. If you remember that was the agreement that they would help Israel uh uh possess the land in Canaan land. But they were cattle farmers and they had a little better spot on the other side of Jordan. And their agreement was that they would help their brethren fright and get their property and then they would go back. Well, they went back. And when they went back, they wanted to erect an altar there. And when they did, it made all the other Hebrews, the Israelites, upset. And the reason they got upset is this man aching him. They bring him up. Now he's already dead and gone. And they bring up the sin of Bel Pora, how that angered the Lord. And then they bring up this sin of Achen in verse 20. And it says this says, "Did not Achen the son of Zarah commit a trespass in these thing? And wrath fell on all the congregation of Israel? and that man perished not alone in his iniquity. And so it made them quite aware of not just our sins but other sins. And and this is probably one of the points that I want to bring out tonight is that, you know, it's one thing if you do wrong, but if you cause someone else to stumble, don't you feel like that's another level of crime against God? I mean, if I if if you decide you didn't believe or you decided you didn't like it and you wanted to move a certain way and go a certain way with how you're going to do whatever you decide to do. But then I told you if you do that and that's your choice to do that. But if you do that, here's a list of people that's you're going to hurt. You are going to hurt them if you do that. And it brings in another level of responsibility. So these Hebrews, these Jews when they saw Dan and this tribe doing this, they are well aware what happened at Belor. How many people died at that sin? And here is Achin now, the son of Achin, son of Zimry, son of I forget his Corser or Zim. He was of the tribe of Judah. He committed a trespass. And the sin that he committed, I mean, you think I mean, he just he really didn't hurt anybody personally. He just stole a piece of gold and he stole a little Babylonian garment and he hid it to himself. It was a secret sin that he covered to himself and no one else knew about it. And the Lord saw it. Of course, many of the Israel did not see it. Obviously, they didn't see it because they go on in the battle to take Ai and then 36 men lose their life because of this sin. And when Joshua wasn't aware, Joshua says, "Lord, what's going on? We've never lost a battle. We've never lost a man. What's going on here?" So, he goes and he goes to the Lord. He says, "Lord, what's it going to be when the nations begin to hear that we really can't fight? we really don't have a defense like we thought we did. And the and the Lord says, Joshua, don't don't come at don't come at me that way. The only reason why you got problems is because something is wrong in your church now. And the Lord knew who they were, but he says, "You go find him. You go figure it out and go through the discipline of running through the camp and finding out what's going on here cuz something is wrong." Amen. And so they go through that and they take the tribes and the tribe was taken. The tribe of Judah was taken and then this family was taken and then it's narrowing down. I wonder what Achen was doing all that time. It's like are they going to catch me? You know you're the sinner. And and here's the thing. If Achen did that wrong, and we all do wrong. If Achen came back from Jericho after doing wrong, making it in his mind to do what was wrong, but then somehow he comes to himself, he says, "You know what? You did wrong. You need to go make that right." Now, if he would have went and made it right, I believe the Lord would have had a place for him. I believe the Lord would have forgave him. But they moved on into another battle and another campaign with this sin. and he let the armies go forward and he wasn't even and and he and he let it all take place and he was hiding this sin. It's called the unconfessed sin. It's called the secret sin. How many of you ever had one? Let's be real. Let's be honest. Let's be clear. It's a temptation for us to hide our sin. When we've done wrong, it's very difficult for a man to stand up and say, "I was wrong. Please forgive me." But it is necessary for every man, woman, boy, or girl. If you're a Christian, you've got to come to that place to say, "I was wrong. Amen. I made the wrong judgment. I was wrong. I was greedy. I was wrong. I did that. was wrong. Please forgive me. That's a part of your heritage. Sage Achen did wrong. And if he would have confessed it, he probably would have found some grace and we could have spared your family. We could have spared these 36 men. So let's say there's 40 to 45 people, innocent people that died because one man did that which was wrong. Now, brother Brandham brings this up in the adoption message and he says this about Achen about the unconfessed sin and he says this why this needs to be taught. He says it in the adoption number one 1960 brother Brandham says this paragraph number 53 and now after you are in that don't mean that you're out free from war you still have to fight for every inch of ground you stand on. So see, Canaan did not represent the great heaven because war, troubles, killings, fightings, and so forth. But it did represent this that it must be a perfect walk. There's where the church is failing today on that walk. Do you know that even your own behavior can knock somebody else out of getting healed? Your misbehavior of unconfessed sins of you believers can cause this church to bitterly fail. And at the day of judgment, you'll be responsible for every bit of it. Oh, you say, "Now wait a minute, brother Bannon." Well, that's the truth. Think of it. Joshua after he crossed over into the land, God gave him the promise, just think, to fight an entire campaign without losing a man, without even getting a scratch, without having to have a nurse, a first aid, a band. Amen. God said, "The land's yours. Go fight." Think of fighting a campaign and there's no Red Cross around at all. There's nobody going to get hurt. and they slay the ammorites and the Hittites, but there wasn't one heard among any of them until sin come in the camp. And when Achen took the Babylonian garment and that gold wedge, hid it under his camp, then the next day they lost 16 men, Joshua said, "Stop. Stop. Wait a minute. There's something wrong. Something wrong here. We're going to call the seven-day fast. God made us a promise. There will be nothing hurt us. Our enemies fall at our feet. There's something wrong here. Something went wrong somewhere cuz we got 16 dead men laying here. They're Israelite brothers and they're dead now. So, pretty striking, isn't it? The secret sin. What's the secret sin? It's the unconfessed sin. It's even the sin that you know you should make something right and you don't. It's easier to easier to to, you know, we're going to bump into each other all the time. We're going to, you know, we're going to we're going to say something, do something, you know, mishandle something. We're human beings. I don't know. Last time I checked, I haven't not any angels in this church from the pull pit all the way through. Even the little ones in the nursery, no angels here. We're going to make mistakes, aren't we? Yeah, but there's a way that we we handle those mistakes. We don't cover them. We don't act like it didn't happen. Huh? We actually we actually confess it and we keep the church clean that way. We keep our dealing with one another clean. We keep our attitudes clean as we approach one another because with that little wedge, it starts it starts to grow and it starts to animosity and funny feelings and then you start shunning a brother or sister or family and those little things they they uncover. And that's why we need to we need to confess those things and keep everything clear and clean before your brother and your sister. Amen. We don't want that. that there's enough challenges out there in the world and you don't come to church to build another grudge in the church. It's enough of those outside. Huh? We want it clear. We want it clean. And do you think Satan wants us all to stay clear and clean before one another? Do you think Satan wants us all to have the respect towards one another like we should? You think Satan is going to leave us alone just because we want to do better? He's not leaving you alone. He's on your track. He wants to get you involved in some kind of foolishness with brother or sister and then keep moving on like nothing happened. Unconfessed sins. And then there's the secret sins. You do those sins, you hide them, you don't make them right before the Lord, and you continue moving on. It is actually hurting other people when you do that. It's hurting this church. It's hurting your family. It's hurting your ministry. It's hurting your gift and your talent. Yes, we've seen a few places in the Bible. Remember when David numbered the people? He wanted to number Israel and find out how many people were in Israel. He numbered them. And his servant is is one of his chief captain says, "David, it's the heritage of the Lord. Why do this? Why are you want to know how many people are in there? You're not going for war. You're not asking for a census. It's you just want to know." And the Lord warned him. David, don't do this. He number them anyways. He numbered him and God got mad at him and began to strike the people of Israel. People started dying. It's like why? What's going on? What happened? David numbered the people. Well, other people were dying because of it. Yes. Then he had to go and make it right, didn't he? Remember there was a famine in the land. There was a a famine over the whole land there. And David intreated the Lord and says, "Lord, why is there a famine? We're not getting rain when we're supposed to get. And they went to the Lord and the Lord said, "There's some famine because the way you guys treated Saul, the way they buried him, the there's a group of people, they didn't bury him properly. These are enemies now." And David went to those enemies and found out and he says, "What can we do to make things right with you?" Because the Lord is holding it against, we're talking about Saul now. We're talking about a backsliding king, a king that didn't have the anointing and God is holding it over the entire nation. It's in a famine and a drought. And David says, "Lord, why? Why? What's the drought for?" The drought is because of what they did to Saul. Saul's people are are or this this enemy territory. I can't get it just right, but I can find it for you. It's very accurate. And then they go and make it right with these people and they take Saul's sons and go and deal with him properly and then the famine leaves. And so we see these cases. Joshua, Caleb, all of Israel had to go through the land 40 extra years because the people wasn't ready. And here is Achin's sin that he kept hid a secret sin. I'll ask it one more time. Don't answer it, but just think about the question and the answer. Have you ever had a secret sin that you kept hid and you kept covered and you had to hide it and you can't talk about it because it's a sin and you know it's a sin and it's not right and you kept it covered. You know that thing will bind you up. You can't praise the Lord properly. That's right. No, you can't. You can't really even go forward with the Lord properly with a secret sin, an uncovered sin, a sin that's been unconfessed. But it's so nice when the Lord makes an opportunity for you to uncover that sin and then you're set free. I'm reminded of this when I was in Liberia. One of the brothers there, brother Amos, he's from Nigeria, young minister, and he he gives a testimony of a young man in their church. This young man was working for a uh a particular boss and this boss had caught him, a supervisor had caught him stealing chicken from from the job there. And so he the supervisor told this this boy, you know, that was wrong what you did. He said, "Yeah, it's wrong." He says, "Please, please don't rat me out. Don't tell on me." And so fine, I won't tell on you, but you got to do me some favors. And so this supervisor had this guy doing all kind of little favors, extras for him. And when the guy wanted to resist it, it says, "No, no, that's not fair." He just say, "Chicken. And we say no more. Okay, I got to do it. Had him under the gun like that. And it it kept kept like a like a puppet. It was playing this kid. And every time he you know he wanted him to do some kind of favor and the guy resist says no that's not fair. Say chicken. They mean I'm going to go tell the boss about that chicken that you stole. And he hung her down. He hung down and one day he ended up talking to someone and told him about, "You know what? You need to just make that right with the boss." So one day he mustered up the courage and he goes into the boss's office because he was act he was actually a Christian. I get the story right now. He was a believer and he was working on this job and it was just it would have just been so you know embarrassing for him as a believer to be caught doing such a thing. So he tried to keep it hidden. So this this unbeliever had him under the gun that way. And finally he heard the message in the church service about making everything right and making everything clear and clean and just making it right. So he goes to his boss. It was one of the hardest things he had to do. But he confessed to stealing. I mean, it's a dirty bird anyways. But look how Satan is playing the game over him over a piece of meat that you stole. And he goes and he confesses to the boss. And the boss tells him, "You know what? I'm so glad you told me that. We're we're square. We're good. It's fine. You're not fired. You'll keep your job. I I I appreciate that. And so he's cleared up with the boss. All the chains is off of him. And this supervisor came to him and tried to run that threat over him again. He says, "Chicken," he says, "It's all been taken care of now. No more holds on me." And when you have a secret sin, that's from this pew and that's where all the pews going in the back. And this one going all the way in the back. And even the ones on the stream, I think they're over here tonight. There's an unconfessed sin. You can't be free. Can somebody help me preach? What do you got to do? How do you deal with an unconfessed sin? You confess it. You go make it right. And then when you make it right, now you're free. You're clear. You're clean. your conscience is clear. And Achen, if he would have confessed it, he would have gone on with the Lord. But he did not confess it. He tried to hide it. And he caused other men to die because of it. And this is the seriousness of what's taking place here. Now, the prophet tells us this is the reason why this needs to be taught. Did I read that already? There's a reason why this needs to be taught. We're failing on that walk. And brother Bannon goes forward in that and tells us these things. Let's take the message as I was with Moses paragraph 60 1960 paragraph 116. Now what a great leader Joshua became. Never losing a battle less something went wrong in the church. When Achen took a wedge, it wasn't Joshua's faith that did it. It was he took a Babylonian garment, a wedge of gold out of the camp. And when he did, it hindered the whole battle. One member suffers, all members suffer. What God is coming to one of these days, brother, is a church without spot or wrinkle. He's coming to a spiritfilled church that divinely love of God so welded their hearts together that they walk as one. Amen. Presuming 1962, Achen thought this little old wedge, it won't make any difference. The rest of the ladies are cutting their hair. I'll do the same thing. It won't make any difference. But what did it do? It never brought pleasure to his family. It brought death to every one of them. And when we compromise on any commandment of God to please the people, we kill the the thing right there. One little wedge, one Babylonian garment, stop the marching army, brother. One thing that we permit the church to do that's wrong, one thing that we won't call out against and make the people straighten up, it'll stop the march of the church. Amen. How many wants to fight for your position? How many know that if Achen fails, we all fail? And if there's a sin in the camp, I'm not interested in it being covered. How about you? Well, I don't want to, you know, I don't want to say I don't want to, you know, it's got to be confessed. It's got to come out. It's got to come clean. I don't want it here. You don't want it here. Huh? Is that right, saints? That's a believer's position. And these other believers are now more accountable. So, when these brothers want to erect this altar, they needed a reason for it. cuz you already know what happened when Achen did what he did. This is that accountability that we all owe it to one another. They might say you're a little nosy. They might say you always in business. Stop asking so many questions, Brother John. Why are you checking up? Why are you looking to see who what I'm doing and where I'm going? Hey, hey, you're part of this group. You're part of my family. to mind your own business. You are my business. And it starts by me praying for you and having a burden for you. If I really care about you, I won't gossip about you. I'll come I'll pray for you and I'll come with come to you not with some funny feeling. I come to you with a scripture or some quotations that here brother sister maybe you don't know this but here want you read that and it might help you and that's between me and you that's it if I love you whole church doesn't need to know what we talked about huh no not if I really care if I really care the The only one that needs to know is you. I saw it on you. I saw you doing something. I saw some little behavior. I saw you and now not my responsibility to get on the phone and tell everybody else. I need to go to you and say, "Brother, maybe you're not aware, sister. Maybe you're not aware, but here's a little quotation. Here's here's a tape. Listen to this tape. Here's a few scriptures for you. Why don't you read those?" I think that's the right attitude. I think that's what believers do. I believe that's what the message supports is this kind of behavior right here because that's our inheritance and we stay with that inheritance. So we know it's the Holy Spirit placing us. It's God that giving us this ground and this position that we stay in. And then we see Achen how he compromised that with his secret sin. Now let's talk on this this ground in this position of the believer just for a moment as brother Bham gives an example as he got into Ruth and he talked about that minister that got off of his ministerial grounds. Look at this in the message kinsman redeemer. And anytime that a believer gets off of his god-given ground, many times in politics, this election coming up and so forth, a good man can be a good man and he'll wander off on those grounds like a certain minister I know run to be mayor of the city. And when he did, got off of his ministerial ground and Satan overtook him. If any Christian gets off of those grounds, well, I'll just go down tonight, sit with the boys in the pool room a while. I'll do no harm. I'll just take one little drink. You're off your ground. Come back. You're only setting your course for trouble. Oh, all the rest of the girls smoke. I'll just try one. You're off your grounds. Don't do that. Stay in the homelands. Well, everybody over here, they call me old folky. They call me oldfashioned. They stay here. Stay there anyhow. That's your place. Stay in Christ. Are you receiving that tonight? Are you Naomi? Because of the famine wandered out from the lands and went to Moab, finding bread. She didn't have to do that because the rest of them stayed in Judea, Bethlehem. Bethlehem means the Bethl house of God, house of praises. And they stayed there and she wandered away with her husband, her two sons, married a Moabitete girls. But if God has ordained something to be done, it'll happen anyhow. That's the reason I certainly believe in predestination, God's fornowledge of things. Then we find over there death struck the family. They started back. The boy died. Both boys died and the father died and Ruth started back. Oprah and Naomi. So, Brother Vanna was talking about minister getting off of those ministerial grounds. What about a believer? What about a a Jew is supposed to be in his homeland and sometimes they leave that homeland because there's greener territories or more opportunity in other places. But God promised to bless Israel in the promised land in the homeland. Stay there. When you leave from there, you're in a vulnerable position. The protection leaves you. And this is what this morning Boaz told Ruth. Stay in the field that I called you to. There's your protection. Stay with the original message that God has given to us. That's our protection. Amen. Amen. Stay with the Lord Jesus Christ. Stay with Christians. I know it's a temptation for young people to get caught up in some other friendships. It comes under the banner or the heading of a friend or a friendship or a co-orker or someone that is a nice person that you're familiar with. And this happens to old people too, not just young people. But you'll find yourself hanging out with people, you know, they maybe swear just a little bit, few curse words, few uh things that are contrary, and you get used to hearing it. We're not to just separate ourselves from them, but we we should approach those areas very prayed up. Very prayed up. you get into those atmospheres, it's going to affect you. It will influence you. Amen. And so we stay on our grounds and before you know it, you have their ways and the way they do and the way they talk and then you'll find yourself maybe doing a little bit like how they're doing. And you now you're being influenced. This doesn't just happen to young people. This happens to preachers and ministers, too. It happens to groups and churches. I've seen it. You know, people approach the word a certain way and they handle it a certain way and then you start getting around that, then you feel like that's the way it's supposed to be handled. No, no, no. You got to stay with, you know, you you the just walk, they live by faith. You got to have a revelation of what you're doing. You have to know what you're doing. And when God reveals something to you, you got to stay with that and be respectful to all people. But don't let people infl Don't follow other people follow other people, people that are not Christians, people that don't follow the word. Huh? Our influence comes from the word of the Lord. I know this is old. We heard it before this. But this is the truth. This is the reminder. This is where you know I I you know Achen I want you to think about Achen just for a moment. Achin had overcame so much to be where he was. This young man was a part of the greatest army under the greatest general that the world has ever known. Joshua was a part of that ministry. He made it through the wilderness. however old he was, he comes across and now he's with Israel overtaking and you're a part of an army that doesn't lose Achen and you get in a situation where you I don't know what happened. And I don't know what's going on in your life where you felt like it was okay to take a little piece of gold and a little Babylonian garment, whatever it was, and then hide it. Was it worth it? Aching? That's a secret sin we're talking about. And with all of his conscience and all of the time between going to the next battle, he had opportunity after opportunity after opportunity to make it right. And if he would have made it right, he would have saved some lives, but he didn't make it right. And now he's a he's a testimony. When you look up Achen in the scripture, he's tagged as the troubler of Israel. you do it in your strong research or your concordance, your Bible concordance, and look up Achen and look how they describe him. It's not it's not it's not a it's not a beautiful testimony at all. He's known as the troubler of Israel. He's known as the troubler of Shalom Tabernacle. He's the problem. But his example becomes a stepping stone for us. Is that right? It becomes a stepping stone for us. We see what he did and we don't want to go down that path of the unconfessed sin. Can I take one more on that? We take one more and then we'll by God's grace we'll close just now. All right. Praise the Lord. Yes. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. 1954, paragraph number six. Look, if a person has got unconfessed sin and something in their heart, you could pray for them all night long and it'll never do no good. That demon will hold right there. Or if that person was supposed to do something that didn't do it, and God put that disease on them to bring them to reconciliation or to correction, you just can't do it. That's all. And then what if he did do it and God gave a man the authority to take sickness off of there and would take it off when God put it on them for a purpose or God didn't put it on them. He let the devil do it. God doesn't make people sick. Sometimes he permits the devil to do it. But God couldn't do it himself because he's mercy can't be mercy and death. He's life or death one. And he's life through Satan comes death. So we see the danger of the unconfessed sin. Huh? So what do we do? We confess our sins, don't we? We make those things right. We keep our we keep our keep our faith clear and clean. Just keep it light. Keep it nice and just no issues there. Just roll it off. Let it roll off. Don't let people hang you up and get you bothered and get you tied up with this and that. Just keep moving on in the grace of God. Keep your faith free from that little un those little uh sticky places, things that don't really promote faith. Amen. How many can say amen to that? Yes. Can I close? Woo. In the message, since you didn't answer, I'll answer it for you. Questions and answers, 1959. I I wanted to read this one. This is talking about us being in Canaan land and being on our ground. And here's what brother Brandham says. What are you doing? Paragraph 176. What are you doing? What do What do you do in Canaan? They were possessing their rights. glory. They were possessing their rights and they could not possess their rights till they got into Canaan. They didn't own nothing in the wilderness. Then when they come into Canaan, then they had rights. And we've got rights. When you receive the Holy Ghost, you're in Canaan. You have to fight for it. Every inch of ground, you have to fight for it. Yes, sir. That's the reason people say, "Brother Brandham, you pray for me today." All right, we'll see. Get over in Canaan once, brother. And you'll realize where you belong. Watch prayer start being turned around. Yes, sir. You say, "Look here, Satan. This is mine. I'm a possessor of this." God said, "So move out." That's right. That's right. Move off my ground. See your ground. Satan says I an abstract deed to it. Move out. You don't. I'll serve notice on you by the Holy Spirit's guidance. He moves out. Sure. He has to. That's a believer now. That's a believer in Canaan land. That's you and I. Once we know our ground, we know our rights. It's a birthright. It's an inheritance. It belongs to us. And that's how we approach it. Amen. God bless you. Lord be with you. Let us pray. Musicians come please. He that coverth his sin shall not prosper. But when I acknowledged my sin, he was faithful to forgive me. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you for these. There's so many jewels of truth that lays in your word. And this little example here, I can recount and I know of many that can really understand what it means to live under unconfessed sin and to live in a place that is not clear. It's foggy. It's not full of faith. It's something that's hidden. It's not free. It's bondage. But Lord, you're faithful to forgive us if we acknowledge our sin. And Lord, we don't want to be in denial. We want to acknowledge our carnality and thereby ask you to perform a great change in our life as we turn it all over to you. I can't help myself. We can't help oursel. We can't change our ways, but you can, Lord. But we can present. We can confess and and place it in your hands. And then he gives you the the great Holy Spirit, the free will, the free course to begin to work on the areas of our life that we need it. We know a chain is as strong as it weak weakest link. And Lord, I can say a church is as strong as its weakest member. So Lord, strengthen every member of the church of the living God. Strengthen that believer, that man, that woman that's not what they should be in their faith. Lauren. Oh God, we pray that we would have the courage like Joshua be strong and of good courage that you will anoint us with the courage Lord to stand for you in such an evil day. Father, we commit each one into your hand Lord tonight. We thank you for the great gospel of truth satisfies our souls. It meets the needs of our life. It encompasses every age group, every social status, every race, every gender. It's the word of God. It deals with every single aspect of our life from the beginning to the end of our life. Lord, there's nothing greater. And so, we'll promote that tonight. We stand on that tonight. We look into that tonight, Lord. We pick it up. We read it again and again and again. And pray that you would open our understanding to it that we can walk in these principles, the principles of life. May you grant it, Lord Jesus. Oh God, rebuke any evil that's trying to influence us in any way, any negative, anything that's contrary. And Lord, if there be any secret sin that I've done today, Lord, please forgive, reveal it. Lord, don't let me hide it. Lord, let me uncover it in your presence and ask you to make me more like thee. Lord Jesus, don't let me hide it like Adam hid himself after sinning, but let him come forth and confess this is what I did wrong. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. Please help me, Lord. Let that be our attitude today. May you grant it, Father. It's in Jesus name we pray and we thank you. Amen. Love the Lord. I want to live. I want to live the way he wants me to live. I want to give till there's just no more to give. I want to love love We just love your word, Lord. What it brings out in us, Lord Jesus. A living word, Lord. A spirit, your spirit, Lord, dwelling up among us, Lord. [Music] making us perfect through you, Lord Jesus. Dear Lord, we appreciate your word. We heard tonight, Lord Jesus. May it go to our heart, Lord. May we any unconfessed sin, Lord. Bring it to our mind, Lord. May we make it right, Lord Jesus. Thank you so much, Lord, for everything you've given us, Lord. opportunities that you've given us. Thank you, Lord. Just ask that you be with us. Just guide us through this week, Lord. We ask this in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. My [Music] god. knows my every thought. He sees each tears and long and he hears me when I call. Yes, he hears me when I call. [Music] And there is a river that flows from deep within. Oh, there is a fountain that frees the soul from sin. [Music] So come to this water. There is a mass supply of life. [Music] Yes, there is a river that there shall run dry. Do we have the verse? There was a thirsty one. There was a thirsty woman who was drawing from the well. Well, her life was ruined and wasted. and her soul was bound for him. Again, she led a master who told her great [Music] things. He said, "If you'll drink from his waterers, you will never thirst again. [Music] There is a river that flows from deep [Music] within. Oh, there there is a fountain. that frees the soul from [Music] sin. Oh, just [Music] come to this water. There is a bless of God. Oh, there is a river that never shall run dry. Amen. Didn't you enjoy that tonight? Amen. I've shared with a number of people that feel like God never lets me get away with anything. And I am just so thankful for that because he says that those that he loves, he rebukes and chasens. And he says, "Be zealous, therefore, and repent." And I'm just so thankful that his arm is not too short to reach wherever Satan tried to pull me from. And he's a God of mercy. He's a God of forgiveness. And Amen. If he's got his arms wide open for you tonight. Amen. Just sing that chorus. Think about his love. The key of F. Just think about his love. Oh, just think about his goodness. Just think about his grace. That's what's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's [Music] love. Oh, great is the measure of our father's love. love. Oh, think about it as we sing it again. Oh, think about his love. Think about his goodness. Think about his [Music] goodness. Oh, just think about his grace. That's what's brought us through. For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] [Applause] Oh, so great is the measure of our father's love. No one knew how alone I was [Music] feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I had cried. But then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called [Music] Calvary. Oh there you died. You purchase my redemption when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. I'm amazed how you love me. Oh, I'm amazed how you came through your preious blood I found pardoned. And my sins are washed. They are all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I've failed you, Lord. You know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my [Music] weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Under friends could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Oh, you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious love. I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed [Music] away. Oh, I'm amazed that you love me. [Music] Oh, I'm amazed how you [Music] came through your preious blood. I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed. [Music] away. Hallelujah. Give him a praise offering. Let's sing one more before we go to the key of G. Oh, I've been changed, [Music] healed, free, and delivered. And delivered. I found joy. I found joy. Found peace. I found grace and favor. Let's confess that one more time. Oh, I've been changed. I've been healed. I've been free. I've been forgiven. I found joy. I found peace. I found grace and favor. And right now is the moment. And right now is the moment. Today is the day. I've been changed. I've been changed. And I've waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. And I won't go back. Can't go back to the way I used to be before his presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way I used to be before your presence came and changed me. [Music] All my [Music] shame, all my guilt, my sins, they're all forgiven. There's no more chance, no more fear. My past, my past is over. Yes. All my shame, all my guilt, my sins. Lord, they are all forgiven. There's no more chains, no more [Music] fear. My past, my past is over. And right now is the moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. And I've waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass me by. Oh, I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and change me. I won't go back. Can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. I've been changed. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name, Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been healed. I've been free, delivered. I found joy. I found peace. found grace and favor. Yes, I've been [Music] changed. Hallelujah. Amen. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. You're dismissed. We'll sing one as we go. I love him better every day. I love him better every day. Close by his side. That's where I will abide. I love him better every day. I love him better every day. I love you better every day. Lord, close by your side. That's where I will abide. I love you better every day. Yes, Lord, I love you better every day. Lord, I love you better every day. and close by your side. That's where I will abide. I love you better every day. I love him better every day. I love him better every day. Close by I will abide. I love him better every day. Oh, I love him better every day. I love him better every day. Close by your side. That's where I will abide. I love better every day. Every day. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh [Music] my heart. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. All [Music] right. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
