################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-10 - Wednesday Evening 07-09-25 - Bro Bill Lingar.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-10
Title:   Wednesday Evening 07-09-25
Speaker: Bro Bill Lingar
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7P8w6nUaElc
========================================

[Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I will trust in you. Let the weak say I am strong in the strength of the Lord. I will trust in you. God bless you all. It's so good to see everyone this evening. Like to welcome you all out to the house of the Lord. If we could, let's all stand. Ask if um Brother Tim Robson, would you come and open the service up with a word of prayer? Jesus, Lord, Savior, thank you for keeping us safe throughout the day. Each and everyone, Lord, thank you for your blessings, Lord, for this building, for everything you've given us. Please help us be a light in the world, Lord, to spread the gospel wherever we go. Keep us in your will and bless the service be within each one, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. I'd like to read a scripture before we before we praise him. In Luke 19:37-40, it says, "And when he was come nigh, even now at the descent of the Mount of Olives, the whole multitude of the disciples began to rejoice and praise God with a very loud voice. I like to imagine that they were just praising and worshiping him for all the mighty works that they had seen. I know I would have been pretty ecstatic and pretty man I can only imagine. But they so they began to rejoice and praise God with a loud voice for all the mighty works that they had seen, saying, "Blessed be the King that cometh in the name of the Lord. Peace in heaven and glory in the highest." And some of the Pharisees from among the multitude said unto them, Master, rebuke thy disciples. And when he answered, and said unto them, I tell you that if these should hold their peace, the stones would immediately cry out. So obviously tonight, that's not going to happen. We're going to praise him with a loud voice. We're going to make our love to him known. Amen. It's not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, says the Lord. It's not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. For this mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit say, you may be seated. It's not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. It's not by might nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. [Music] This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. This mountain shall be removed. By my spirit, saith saith the Lord. By my spirit saith the Lord. By my spirit saith the Lord. [Music] Amen. We're going to sing I shall not be moved. And last time we sang this, I did two verses then a chorus. Two verses and a chorus. And that kind of took a long time. So this time we're going to do three verses and a chorus. And hopefully we'll have a little bit more success with getting through that song so it's not so slow. So we'll start with the chorus, then we'll do one, two, three, and so on and so forth. Amen. I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And in my Christ abiding, I shall not be moved. In his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved and I will trust him ever. I shall not be moved. He will fail me never. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the wall on earth. I shall not be moved. No, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. On his word I'm feeding. I shall not be moved. He's the one that's leading. I shall not be moved. Just like the tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And glory, hallelu, I shall not be moved. I'm good in Jehovah. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And in his love of hiding, I shall not be moved. In him I put fighting. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water, I shall not be moved. Though all hell assail me, I shall not be moved. Jesus will not fail. Amen. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that planted by the water, I shall not be moved. And though the tempest rages, I shall not be moved. On the rock of ages, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. [Music] I shall not. Only one more verse with all your heart. And when my burdens heavy, I shall not be moved. When my burdens heavy, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by a water, I shall not be moved. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's go to the key of E. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Halleluah. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. It won't be long. We are going to see the king. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going. Let's sing that bridge. Should there be any rivers we must cross, should there be any mountains, we must climb, God will supply all the strength that we need. Give us grace till we reach the other side. [Music] Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon. It won't be long. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. Halleluah. Hallelu. Hallelu. Halleluah. We are going to see the king. [Music] And in the name of Jesus, in the name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Applause] Yes, we do. Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. For when we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before in the precious name of Jesus. We have the victory. Let's sing that second verse. Tell me who can stand before us when we call on that great name. Jesus. Jesus. Precious Jesus. We have the victory [Music] in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] Oh, in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, demons will have to flee. When we come in the name of Jesus, tell me who can stand before. In the preious name of Jesus, we have the victory. [Music] I'd like to read a story behind a hymn if I could. In the garden was written in 1912 by C. Austin Miles, a former pharmacist who became a gospel songwriter. One day, while reading the account of Mary Magdalene visiting Jesus's tomb in John 20, Miles imagined the emotional moment when Mary encounters the risen Christ in the garden. Inspired by this intimate and powerful scene, he penned the lyrics and music for In the Garden in just a few hours. The hymn reflects the personal and tender relationship a believer can have with Jesus, like walking and talking with a close friend in a peaceful garden. Let's sing that. I come to the garden alone while the tomb is still fresh on the roses. And the voice I hear falling on. I hear the son of God discloses. [Music] He speaks and the sound of his voice is so sweet that the birds hush their singing. and the melo that he gave to me within my heart is real and he walks with me and He talks with me and he tells me that I am his own. [Music] And the joy we share as we tear [Music] there another has ever known. [Music] Let's all stand. Let's sing that song in the sweet by and by. Thank you. In the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore [Music] in the sweet. [Music] Amen. We shall meet on that very beautiful shore. Hallelujah. In the swing. In the swing by and by. We shall meet on the beautiful shore. To our bountiful father above. To our bountiful father above. We will offer our dreams praise. for the glorious [Music] gift of his love. Hallelujah. And the blessing that horde our name. Oh, in the sweet in the sweet vine [Music] we shall be [Music] beautiful in the sweet in the sweet by and Hallelujah. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. God bless you. What a wonderful day that will be when we will meet on that beautiful shore. Amen. God bless each of you. We welcome you to the house of the Lord. Tonight we have our good friend, Brother Bill Lingard, here with us. He slid on in here in the city of Tucant. He was speaking for brother Bob, I believe, last weekend. And uh he carved out a little bit of time to be with us tonight. He's on his way overseas, I believe, in the next few days, week or so. And so we're so happy to have him with us again. And we thank the Lord from him for him and his love for the word of God. He's a old sacri a Sacramento uh native. We come from the same city there and we're happy to have him. Ham's glad to have our brother with us. Amen. Let's make him feel welcome. Amen. As he takes the platform tonight. Amen. God bless you, brother Bill. Amen. God bless you. Let's sing that song again. How many are thankful for that gift of his love? All right. Let's sing this now with all our heart. He wants it to come from here. in that sweet by and by. Oh, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet my and mine in that beauty for sure. All right. Now, you're a professional. I know it. Just a little bit faster. Time. Come on now. [Music] I got some moves. I got to have the music. Praise the Lord. All that you for. So by and by the heart we shall be on that beautiful shore. With that sweet by and by, we shall be on that beautiful shore into our bounding father of what it church. We will offer our trees of praise for his glorious gift of his love. This is it and the blessing that I from here now in the sweet of by and by and by. But we shall be on that hill for sure. In that swing by and by we shall be on that beautiful shore. One more time. Now listen to my bounty father. Can you lift your hands? We will offer our tribute in our praise. What more? This is it right here. and glorious gift of his we shall sing on that beautiful shore in that sweet by and by we shall be on that beautiful shore. Thank you musicians. God bless you tonight. I'm really happy to be here with my brother Israel and knowing how things go back in time. Thank you musicians. And brother Israel, what has he done for us? How has he changed us over time? How has he brought us to where we are tonight? Amen. Many dangers, many toils, many scenarios I have been through. But I thank the Lord Jesus for the grace of God, the power of his blood, the power of the Holy Ghost to take the voice of God, his prophet, and make it live in my life. I'm so thankful for that. Thank you, brother Israel, for the opportunity. I pray that this will bless you and help you to come closer to the Lord and one another. Yes. So, thank you. And uh I have uh two places for my main scriptures, but I'm going to read two scriptures out of James. You don't have to turn with him just so you're reminded of the terminology of the Bible. This isn't my terminology. This is his. And so the first one is uh they're both in James James chapter 2. If you fulfill the royal law, can you say royal law? If you fulfill the royal law according to the scripture, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. We do well. Now, why would that be a royal law? Because no greater love has a man for his brother or his friend than to lay down his life. And the Lord Jesus Christ fulfilled the royal law. Okay? And then I'm going to read also right across the page in James the first chapter verse 25. Now, the royal law, and this just came to me within probably the last three months, the royal law made a way for the perfect law of liberty. The blood made a way for the power of the Holy Ghost. How many believe in the power of the Holy Ghost? Without the Holy Ghost, you don't have the power to live a Christian life. So right here it says, "But who so lookth into the perfect law of liberty and contin thereof, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed." And so what I'm coming to, and I'll just have you stand for just a very short while, two places for a subject tonight. My subject is love's viewpoint. Love's viewpoint. Your viewpoint is how you see things right or wrong. Would you agree? It's your perspective. And we want the right perspective to judge ourselves, the situation, and others. Right? We want that. We want the right perspective to judge ourselves, situations and others rightly because the right judgment is based on the right perspective. Okay? The right judgment is based on the right viewpoint. So we want love's viewpoint, the love of the Holy Spirit in our hearts. to give us his faith, his spiritual discernment by the word of the hour to judge righteously. That means to judge right. And so now we're coming to John chapter 7 and verse 24. And I remind you again, my subject is love's viewpoint. And I'm emphasizing to you and especially to me, I got three fingers pointing back at me. Am I justified? Am I sanctified? And am I filled with the Holy Ghost? Okay. And so our subject is love's viewpoint. And the emphasis is sound judgment is based on sound vision. Can I repeat it? Sound judgment is based on sound vision. The right judgment is based upon the right perspective. John 7 and verse 24. Judge not according to the appearance, but judge righteous judgment. How many would be your prayer? Lord, let me have love's viewpoint. Brother and sister, this is not just a sermon. This is a reality we must come to in this late hour because all the signs say he's coming. So, my hands up with you. Let us just pray. Heavenly Father, we want love's viewpoint. Help us tonight, Lord, to make it a reality in our life so that we can be so that we can our judgment will become sharper, right, and on time in Jesus name. Help my brother Israel, the deacons, the trustees, the musicians, and his people. May you become closer together in Jesus name. Amen. You may be seated. A fisherman don't have any hooks on his pulpit. Praise the Lord. Well, I thank the Lord Jesus. Jesus tells us to judge righteously, not by the sight of the natural man, because he looks at the outward appearance. And he also leans on the intellectual view of the word. He can't help it. See, he can't help it because he's not born again. All right? And so he looks on the outward appearance and it causes us to misjudge. But to judge righteously is to have the right viewpoint or perspective. Are we together? All right. I've been preaching with my brothers in Zambawi. See, and I learned from them. See, to judge righteously, you have to have the right viewpoint or perspective. And the only way you can have the right viewpoint or perspective is your heart has to be right. Your heart has to be right because you see through your heart. You see through the eyes of your heart, not the outward man. The heart controls you by the Holy Spirit through the blood according to the voice of the prophet. It controls you and and the Holy Spirit when he sees through your heart then he that's the love of God shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Ghost to give you love's perspective. Then in Matthew 7 1-5, that's the second major scripture I have or main scripture tonight. Jesus tells us how to judge righteously. And he tells us why it's so important to judge right. And the and and this is God Almighty. This is the Lord. I mean, who made all things and made all things for himself. He's not He doesn't use idol words. I just saw somebody I knew. Jesus tells us how to judge and why it's absolutely important to your eternal destination. Matthew 7 reads, "Judge not that ye be not judged." Now, here it sounds like don't judge. But when you look at the other scripture, Jesus is telling us, "Be careful how you judge." Okay? And he says this, "For with what judgment you judge, you shall be judged. And with what measure you meet, it'll be measured to you again. And then here's this parable. Why beholdest thou the moat that is in thy brother's eye, but considerth not the beam that is in thine own eye? In other words, why are you looking at the splinter that's in my eye and you're not first taking care of the log that is in your eye? See, the log in your eye is blinding you to your own condition. I'm preaching to myself. Okay? It blinds you to your own condition. So, how can you, excuse me, how can you help somebody else that has a splinter in their eye without first judging yourself by the royal law and according to the law of liberty so that your heart is clear and right with God so that you can project the right spirit to somebody else. Maybe I'll just read a quote right here. I I put it in here. I didn't know when I'd read it, but I'll read it. This is from the message 1954, seven church ages. Now, the modern church, which we call the denomination, we like to point at them. We call the denomination, we holiness people, you know, we call them the modern and they go out there and they start in their revival too. You say, you say they're not getting anywhere. But now wait just a minute. What have we got? Got nothing. No more than they got. That's exactly right. And as long as we fuss and stew and carry on among one another, we still walk as man. Until a man can get down at the altar altar and get right with God, till he can overlook little things. No, no, no. Grace is not wishy-washy. Grace has the power of the blood and the spirit to make a heart right. We ain't talking about wishy-washy religion. Get down at the altar, get right with God until he can overlook little things and move on like a Christian ought to be. Pot can't call KD black, right? Don't holler at them. Let's clean our own steps first. And so to judge right, you have to first pull the log out of your own eye before you can see clearly to remove that little splinter that's in my eye. And so we have to ask ourself the example he gave us. Do we want to be judged by the letter of the law that has no power to make things right? Has no power to change the heart? See, some of those situations you're in and you're praying for, you need the royal law and the and the perfect law of liberty, the Holy Ghost flowing through you to break that bondage. So I don't want to be judged by the law or the letter or the intellectual view of the message because it has no power to change me or you. I want to be judged by the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ. I want to be judged by the blood. That's the royal law. I want to be judged by the royal law because what does it do? By one offering, it made my heart perfect. Now, Satan doesn't agree with that. And Satan's going to try to tell you that. He was talking to me today about some things when I was a teenager, and I said, "I don't remember that." We got to get used to doing that. That's the word. No repenting for that. It's gone. God don't remember it. I make mistakes. Absolutely. Satan attacks you daily. And so by the royal law of the blood, he's judged our hearts perfect. He judged our hearts perfect. to release the Holy Spirit into us to manifest not just a perfect heart but the perfect life of the stature of a perfect man. Are we together? Yes, sir. You know, brother man preached the stature of man. Peter preached it. Paul preached it. Is it is it just a nice slogan like I'm Pentecostal or could we go on more? Is it just a slogan or is it a reality? So I in this age, the royal law of the blood of Jesus Christ laid down his life for his church so the Holy Spirit could manifest what he purchased, a bride in his image, a church in the stature of a perfect man. And then you try to show that God is showing you this by William, Mary, and Brandham. And I get a push back. You're making too much out of a man. They're bugs. They're Roman bugs. They either they they come on both sides. Okay. They make him something that he's not. And he preached on that in the bruised serpent as we used to know, right? You're making me Christ. I'm not. It's Antichrist. And then the other ones come on the other side, which is worse. He's just a man. And they start finding fault and they start doing what Dayan and Kora. They thought they were just messing with a man with Moses. But they weren't just messing with Moses. They were representing God's representative says, "I have come down to deliver them and I'm sending you God going in the form of a man. God's gift of deliverance to that generation. And so the truth is in the middle. Okay? So you don't have to wonder whether I'm over here or over there. I'm not over there. I'm in the middle. John the Baptist said, "There he is." But Malachi 4 said, "Here he is." And that's the difference. That's where the razor's edge is. Who manifested the stature of a perfect man? Hello? Who manifested it? Amos 3:7 says, "The Lord will do nothing until he first does it by his prophet." This is not the word only. This is the power and demonstration and the manifestation by this cloud that appeared outside of this city to vindicate the revelation that he wants you to have. I do get a little excited about it because every day out there alls I see is darkness. Alls I hear is darkness. All I hear is evil. Everywhere Satan's reminding you of evil. But when I hear the word, when I read the Bible, when I pray, God reminds me the work I started in you, I will finish it. So, I'm going to walk around with my head down. I ain't going to let the revival that started with me at the blood and the spirit, I ain't going to let it die. Well, aren't you groaning? Yeah, I'm groaning to keep it alive. All right. Who had the log in their eye and who had the splinter? Who had the law and who had the splinter? When the religious leaders under the law, they brought the woman taken in adultery. and a master. Moses said, the prophet said, the Messi said, right? Isn't that what we're dealing with? What do you say? You see, they were bringing her to him because they had the wrong perspective of his ministry. Why are you healing on the Sabbath? Why are you claiming you and God are one? God was showing them that the ministry was changing from the old ministry of law to the new ministry of grace. Because the old ministry of law had no power. So now they bring they bring her to him. and they say, "What? What do you say?" In other words, you know, they misjudged him because they had the wrong perspective. And now they were looking for another reason of indictment. And so the wisdom of God said, "Let him that has no sin cast the first stone." and he paused and they knew right there they weren't going any further. Right? Cuz guilty of the least is guilty of the whole. And so after they walked away, he said,"Woman, where's your accusers? I have none, Lord, neither do I." Who had the log and who had the splinter? They had the log. She had the splinter. They were blind to their own condition. They were blind to the ministry of the grace of almighty God that was right in their face. They were blind to it. And when they misjudged him because of the wrong perspective, they judged themselves. Come on now. unworthy of eternal life. Did not Paul say it in the book of Acts. You have judged yourself unworthy. Lo, return to the Gentiles. They had the log. They're selfrighteous. Moses said, the message said, blinded them to their own condition that they were a bunch of legalists that had no power. And she had a splinter. She knew she she had a she could see she was wrong. The splinter doesn't blind you. The splinter just You know what? She could She knew she was wrong. I knew I was wrong in the world, but I'd never met a man that had that power that could make a difference in my life. Could somebody say amen? That's the Jesus we're talking about tonight. That's the Christ that came down as a pillar of fire in this age and challenged the cold formal churches. And then the Pentecostals, the formal churches, they rejected the first pool. They didn't believe in them signs, wonders, and miracles, right? The Baptist minister. But the Pentecostals rejected the second pool. They blasphemed the sign of the Messiah because not not because he he wanted to rub his nose in him because he wanted to help them get right. He says speaking in tongues is not the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Sister, wash your face. Okay, brother, take your place. All these things. You see, but the leaders of Pentecost had a motive and objective. They had a position. They had money. They had popularity. And they weren't about to give it up. So they blasphemed the Lord Jesus. And now the third pool. So you see the Holy Ghost in the first pool, the Holy Ghost in the second pool, greater, a greater witness. It wasn't just a gift of knowledge, which it was, but God was showing, hey, this is the spirit of truth. And if I can tell you what you did, why you are, and what your future is, I can do the same thing with the word of God. And they blasphemed it. Now, here's the shocker. The third pool is the called out. The third pool is the called out. And how many of the called out made it from Egypt to Canaan? Two. So now the called out, what's their attitude? What's their Yes. Help us, Lord. I'm this, I'm that, I do this, I do that. It becomes a slogan. I don't want a slogan. I don't want a a a a large name. I'm a I'm a Pentecostal. I'm a Baptist. I I want a reality that I am a Christian. And you know it because you see the grace of God in my life and you can feel the love of God coming through. I understand where you are. I was there. And so you see what happened to the Israel, right? Because of the wrong perspective, self-righteous viewpoint, legalistic viewpoint, they misjudge the new ministry of grace. And it's repeating again with the seventh angel with his new ministry of the third pool which is the Holy Ghost coming down in perfection. Now I can't give you revelation. Brother Rel don't claim to give we don't claim to give revel. The only thing I can do is try to help you and point these out that you will go church the scripture and the message and pray about it. Say that brother's saying something. I see these dots. They're connecting. I don't quite get it yet. Get down on your knees and groan and pray and get serious with God. The hour is late and he is coming for a church that is in his image. And so now what have they done? The called out, whoever, you know, I got to take care of my doorstep. I'm part of the called out. But the called out are misjudging the new ministry of William, Mary, and Brandham. Why did God change his ministry from the old to new? The old ministry, it caught the attention of the bride, but it produced impersonators, right? Why didn't it produce impersonator? Instead of just believing he was sent to do the work for them, they wanted to do the same thing. Now, how simple can it be? Everything he said is just believe me. And I and I, you know, and he's explaining, well, you know, all the the Oral Roberts, they get more people prayed for and I'm getting criticized because I don't get as many through, but I have a different gift. And then I hear him say, "He's here." Okay. If I can pray for one and they're all and that one's healed, I can pray for 30,000 and 30,000 at one time can be healed if they would believe what he said. Amen. My my my Lord, open my eyes to what God has done for you and me. Sorry, I I'm just preaching from my heart. This all ain't in my notes. But can you see the parallel under the third pull? The Holy Ghost coming down in perfection in a prophet to rip off the seven seals and show us the perfect law of liberty manifested in the stature of a perfect man. It wasn't his flesh that was perfect. It was the Holy Ghost that was perfect. And what were that Holy Ghost trying to show us? That was the power ready for the changing of the bodies. How many times did he rehearse Abraham and Sarah? Abraham and Sarah. And he kept telling him, "I know you're choking. I know you're choking. I know that didn't go over." See, and so that's the next step, friends. The next step is the changing of the bodies. mortal to immortal, corruption to incorruption. And the word of God, the bi the messenger of the hour, he laid it out. But you got to be hungry to want to see it. He reveals himself to those who are looking for him. Yes. So Lord, help me. I don't want to have the wrong perspective of William Mary and Brandham's new ministry. Now you judge this statement. I believe I have enough sense and you can tell me if I'm wrong. Serely, I'm not I'm not trying to be arrogant or hottie, but I know I don't have the third pool. I didn't have a first pool. I didn't have a second pool. And the man that had the third pole had the fishing pole. And the And what he caught was the rainbow trout. And I'm happy to be caught. Brother Israel done lost time. I better get going here. I want to help you, brother and sister. I'm trying to conserve a little bit for Norway, but no. No. I going to conserve nothing. I'm just going to pray. Lord, strengthen me. And the brothers, they pray for me when I go. And the family, the hour is late. And so, I'm going to read to you now what he said about where we are in this hour. And so what what you want as a Christian is you want the Holy Spirit to give you the perspective you need when you hear this message and read the Bible. See, so you don't misjudge William Brandham's ministry. So this is from warning then judgment. He says, "Don't you love him? Think of what we are. Look how far up the road we are, friends. Just look back down the road from way down yonder in the days of Luther and Wesley and on down through the ages. Look, he keeps saying, look here where we're at. Right at the top of the pyramid. right here where God has proved it. That the Bible through the seven seals has perfectly been revealed, waiting only now for them seven mysteries right at last on the coming of the Lord and the rapture of the church that might happen before morning. Oh my. Now, I ain't going to preach on those seven mysteries, but we'll just stay with the seven seals. Okay? Now, I only said that to say this. You can't add to what he said, and you can't take away from what he said. Okay? Waiting only now, he said, for those seven mysteries on the coming of the Lord. That's good enough for me. Amen. That's good enough for me. Well, but other brothers, they put it together that way. That's their privilege. They're called out. But for me, I'm going to leave it just like he said. And I'm going to pray, "Lord, help me line it up. Give me the right perspective so I don't misjudge what he said." All right. And so where are we at church proven? Are we at the top of the pyramid? Were there seven mysteries in this pyramid? And is not this the capstone of love? So, how did we see this perspective or this viewpoint if it wasn't by the eagle eye in the cap breaking the seals to show the Holy Spirit standing in perfection right before you the perfect law of liberty by what? The blood of Jesus Christ. He paid for this. He died for this. Or do you maybe just want to stay back justified, sanctified, baptized the Holy Ghost, and then go to the grave? Is that what you want? I'm talking to myself. I I'm I'm just trying to You know what I mean? Just make it a little bit of a shock to you now this morning. See, so this is Mount Zion. We've gone to the top of Mount Zion, the pyramid mountain, the stature of a perfect man. And so this morning, I got up early and I said, I want to go back up Mount to top of Mount Lemon because I've been there once, you see, and it reminded me that along the way from the bottom to the top of the mountain, there's a lot of vista points. Vista point. What's a vista point? It's a viewpoint. And so at that particular vista point, I could see only that particular landscape. Is that true? But when I finally drove to the top, then you get a panoramic. Amen. You can see all the way around. And S is a complete circle of light that gives you a complete panoramic view of the Bible, not as a theology, but as the stature of a man made perfect. And so then when I got up to the top, I was reading all the signs all the way. I took my time. I was honestly I was reading the signs, studying and learning a lot. And then when I get to the top, I learned that there's actually four different ecological and geological zones from the bottom to the top. But you got to go on the top to find that. Ain't that amazing? And so in the natural right going up the road there a lot of a lot of scriptural perspectives a lot of scriptural perspectives but the reality that brother Brandham gave us is there's four is there's four you know uh uh viewpoints from the bottom to the top but in the natural the first was the sonoran desert it's beautiful those soros and swirl national park when you start is absolutely majestic And then the second level was what they call the oak woodland and it's at 5,000 ft. The third level was what they called the ponderosa forest. It was at 7,000 ft. One, two, three. Okay. And the fourth level, which was on the top, was at 8,000 feet. And they called it the mixed conifer. It had the the the quaking asp and the Douglas fur. I thought, my, that's just exactly justification, Luther's view. sanctification, Wesley's view of the scripture, baptism of the Holy Ghost, the Pentecostal view, and right at the top of the mountain on the eighth part, Elijah, the eagle eye in the capstone is giving us a panoramic view of God's letter of divine love. I I could have been shouting. I I could have been doing my own little jig, but I conserved my energy for tonight. Now, you hear brother Bam preaching all the time and he all he'll go to nature. He'll go to show what God showed him in nature and he'll bring it right out. And so, we can see it. You're privileged. You're living in the capstone age to see by God's eagle eye love's viewpoint. The complete revelation of God's great mystery of love that started in Jesus Christ the royal law to lay his life down to produce the blood. So at this day, the Holy Spirit could come down in perfection and show you the perfect law of liberty. A man totally set free. Praise the Lord. God has done great things. And then to hear people, well, he was just a man and he was this. To me, that's Dayan and Corora's anointing. Get away from it. Brother Brandham is our brother. Brother Brham is a part of the bride. What part is he? He's the eye in the body. And if the eye has light, the body has light. You take the eye out and I'll guarantee you the light will go out that you had in your life. All right. So, let me read another quote here and then I'll hurry. Try to hurry. So, Christ the mystery of God revealed. Where are we at? The top of the pyramid. Okay. And Christ the mystery of God revealed. So he says this is God's great mystery of love expressed that God and man became one. The whole thing is God and man one. God and man was one there and God and man is one here. So when you take the pictures out, here's the royal law. He laid his life down. Okay, so let's read the quote. So that the Holy Ghost could come down in this day and do what he's doing for you by the new ministry that broke open the seals to bring down the Holy Ghost in perfection. And you'll find that quote on uniting time inside. All right. So God and man was one there. God and man is one here. See what is it? being filled with the spirit him having the preeminences that was God's achievement that's God's purpose to do that he might be in Christ and Christ in us and all together one the Holy Spirit same thing it revealed it to Christ reveals it here the supernatural creative power did did the Holy Ghost have brother Brandham in supreme control h how how did he create the squirrels how did when he meant the bull and the bull was going to kill him and brother Brandham said on one of the tapes at first their fear struck him that's a natural reaction but then God unfolding his gift the gift of perfect love amen then all of a sudden amen by sovereign grace of God that super anointing of love came on him and look what it did I'm g I'm dramatizing okay I'm God's prophet. Don't you know? No. I'm sorry I disturbed you. God, make me like that. Make me like that. I'm sorry I disturbed you. Same thing with the hornets. I'm sorry I disturbed you. And that anointing said, you know, I'm sorry I disturbed you. would you just go back into your your your your nest there, your house, and I won't I won't bother you no more. And do you know that he put a white steak down by that tree? And Sister Hoover, who was the nanny of the family, he told her, "You see that white steak? I don't let my children play by that tree because I promised." How powerful is his voice? He's trying to get you to have perfect confidence in his voice. So now we see love's viewpoint. We see the blood of the royal law that rent the veil so that we could judge our hearts by the blood of Jesus Christ. Is that what you want? Do you want to be judged by the letter or do you want to be judged by the grace of his blood? Then judge others the same way. See? And why did he judge you by the royal law? Just to make your heart perfect? No. So the Holy Spirit, the power of the royal law, could come into you and come down in this day and show you the perfect law of liberty. Amen. You're hearing it on the tapes. We're everything that you need to make ready for the rapture. It's on the tapes. I came in the message in 73. I've been a tape boy since 73. I never pointed my family to anybody but to Elijah. So by God's grace, I have love's viewpoint. The blood of Jesus Christ has perfected my heart. The Holy Ghost has opened my eyes to see the right view of this end time ministry, which is God's gift for your perfection. Perfection means two words. One, you're sinless. It is in his sight. And two, you're mature. You're mature in the Holy Spirit. He was mature in the Holy Spirit. And you could tell he was mature because of the five vindications of the third pool. God wouldn't just give that to anybody. All right. And so now what's happening? The word test is on. The word test has been on to see what your viewpoint is. To see what your perspective is. to see if your heart has been washed in the blood and filled by the Holy Ghost so you can get the right revelation of this word to judge not only the ministry of William Brandham but yourself your situation and my brother here and my sister here to judge them properly and even the sinner and your enemies. Yes or no? Here, I'll read you this other quote because it it brings it home. This was from 1955. And when you separate from divine love, then you can't overlook your brother's mistakes no more. Hello I've known brother Israel for a long time. He knows my mistakes. Have you ever said something that been taken the wrong way? Have you ever done something that was right, but it was just the wrong time? I've done a lot of that, but I died daily to maintain what the right mental attitude. Okay, you're reading the quote and I'm preaching. Let me come back to the quote. All right. When you separate from dime love, you can't overlook your brother's mistakes no more. How many would raise their hand say, "Lord, help me. You got to ball them out for it. That's right. You can't overlook sister's mistakes no more because you got away from the divine part, that love part. But if you really love the Lord Jesus, if sister or brother does something to you, oh well, that's all right. They didn't mean to do it. That's the kind of love that Christ had. Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. What if he held my sins against me? What an awful person I was. But he loved me so well that he forgave me for them. When I was undone, he forgave me. He loved me a pure love. And when Adam separated himself from the pure love of keeping God's word in his heart, when he did that, then he begin to these other faculties come in. Malice, envy, strife, hatred, so forth. What are those attributes of an evil spirit? What happened when the evil spirit came on King Saul? These are exactly the attributes. King Saul was saved. I'm judging myself, sis. I I I I don't want this. You know, you you've had people that have made you angry. You've had people that want to tempt you with a grudge, right? When are they going to ever change? You've been praying, right? There's your challenge. And so, if you'll look back at brother Brandham's ministry when he come, what'd he come do? He found them all fussing with one another and he came to help him. But, you know, and then the Pentecostals embraced him. But you know what? If he was, if the oneness was over here and the Trinity was over here, they were fighting and he tried to settle them down. Now, now, now, you know, become a little lamb and the devil will take you on. Love. All right, so let me give you this. Here's the big word test of the hour for me. Okay, that's a word test. It happens every day and it's real and it's painful and we're not just saying it's an easy thing. No, that's why you got to have your Calvary daily. That's why prayer is important in your life. If you want to get up shouting and jumping, which I love to do, get down first on your knees so it's not hollow in here. All right, here's the one. This is from warning then judgment. Back to it. Now when he speaks of his vision, he's talking about the prophet. Whether it's wrath or whether it's healing, it may linger, but it's got to come to pass if he speaks it in the name of the Lord. See, it might be a blessing he speaks for you. He might tell you a certain thing and you can't see it at all. Can't see it at all. Might be a blessing. He speaks for you. He might tell you a certain thing. You can't see it all. And you say, "How can it be?" Why? It's uh I I I He told me, "Thus sayith the Lord, this is going to happen and that was going to happen and it ain't happened. The man is wrong. Now you'll be judged for disbelieving it." That's sobering, isn't it? That ties with with scriptures, what Jesus said, isn't it? You see why we need love's viewpoint in this age? You see we why we need the blood applied to our heart, the Holy Ghost in us to reveal to us that whatever this prophet said, it will come to pass. No matter how much Sarah judged by the outward appearance and said, "Abraham, we're too old. Your body's dead. My body's dead. There can it be any union of oneness? There's no way at all. And brother Brandham said on tape, it never was about Sarah's faith. It was always about Abraham's faith. He stood for her. Sister Hattie Wright said the right thing. Sister Brham, who brother Brandham loved with all of his heart, and she loved him as much as any human being could love him. She said the wrong thing. Did God spare her? Not until Abraham, I mean, Brother Brandham stood in the gap. She said the right thing and the Holy Ghost poured out eternal life. She said the wrong thing and she was plagued. God help us to have love's viewpoint so we can see the right thing about his visions and say the right thing so that we can be judged right. We don't want to be wrong for misinterpreting his visions. Now, I pray I can have the grace to say this. I'm not going to go into depth, but the tent vision, you need to determine, has that been fulfilled? Yes or no? Just that part. Just come to that part. Okay. If yes, when and where? If no, why not? Now, why would I say that? Um um it's the love of God, friends. It's the late hour. Look into the word. Go back over the word. That vision he said was the greatest of them all. But what I believe about it, what he believes about it, that ain't how you're going to be judged. It's what you believe. You see, it's what you believe. It's an individual. That's why I'm not judged whether I go to Tucson Tabernacle, Shalom Tabernacle, or whatever the other fellowships around here. I'm not judged by that. Is that the truth? Your judge is an individual. He's not calling Tucson Tabernacle. He's not calling Shman Tabernacle. He's not even calling the Brandom Tabernacle. He's calling individuals out under the blood of Jesus Christ. the Lord to be filled with the spirit so you have the revelation in this hour of what God's trying to do. Now, let me just say this. I didn't say anything against the Brandom Tabernacle. I didn't say anything against Shalom Tabernacle. I didn't say anything against Tucson Tabernacle. The pastor of Tucson Tabernacle. I love that brother. He's a precious brother. But what we have to learn is though we don't see always eye to eye. We have to remain hearttoart. Now, I know me and my wife, we were the only ones that ever saw eye to eye 49 years. I have to I'd have to repent of that one. Even Zapora and Moses didn't see eye to eye. But what is it? You love her. She loves you. It comes down to love, brothers and sisters. It comes down to love. And so the last example, when the musicians can come and maybe play softly until we get ready to take it up an octave. Is that is that the right word? Octave. The great emancipator. The Bible says be slow to to quick to hear and slow to speak. How many says amen? Quick to hear, slow to speak. In the business world, it was seek first to understand and then seek to be understood. Okay? Seek first to understand and then to be understood. And the reason the Bible said that [Music] was because the wrath of man doesn't work the righteousness of God. [Music] and by your words you'll be justified and by your words you'll be condemned. Think of Sister Hadtie. Think of Sister Brandom. By thy words you'll be justified. By thy words you'll be condemned because out of the heart the mouth speaketh. I want my heart judged by the blood, empowered by the Holy Spirit. Lord, help me to say the right thing at the right time in the right place. And when I don't, I am genuinely ashamed of myself. And I'll tell you because you know he sees everything. Young people even if you're struggling to live the Christian life because you only have the knowledge of the truth. Moses couldn't even fulfill his commission with the knowledge of the truth until he met the pillar of fire. And here is where I'll borrow a statement from my brother here. Tell God, "Lord, I'm struggling." Tell him. He knows. But God can work with that. He can work with that. Don't leave him. He won't leave you. [Music] But the knowledge of this message alone, [Music] you need the pillar of fire. You need your lick of fire. You need the spirit of truth, excuse me, to give you the power to give you love's perspective to come to those situations that you can judge right and wrong. And many times I haven't judged it right the first time. I had to go back and pray again. That's why it's knowledge, temperance, and patience. Knowledge. After all this time, sis, I finally got the answer on how to handle it. Temperance. Hold your peace. What? I got the answer. Hold your peace. How long? Patience. Till God's time. With what measure you meet, it'll be measured to you. Be slow to wrath, quick to hear. Nathan the prophet, he came to David with love's viewpoint. You know the story. David, there was a rich man. He had lots of lambs. There was a poor man. He had one little lamb and he cherished that lamb. That was wives. [Music] But a man came to visit David. Instead of taking one of the little one of the 500, one of the lambs, he took the poor man's lamb and he had them killed. And what happened to David? The man will pay with his life. [Music] Can you stand? The man will pay with his life. David, you're that man. But you won't die, David. God's grace. [Music] But he had to pay for sewing to the flesh. So will I. So will you. But aren't you thankful for the blood of Jesus Christ? Aren't you thankful for the Holy Ghost? Aren't you thankful that God sent the eagle eye that we could see the perfect law of liberty? And he started when they were all fussing, right? Don't you think the bride should stop her fussing? I think we should. [Music] You love the Lord wants my heart and soul. head [Music] in chain of [Music] set free to worship you. Sing glory glory hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. [Music] The great man of the pain. What is it? That's the song of the [Music] in lost left. I was 50 years and oh so helpless and alone. [Music] the sinking sheer bow. I we thank you Lord. You led me to Father's home singing glory, glory, hallelujah. and blessed be his holy name. He the great man of the reading [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He the great immaculate. There the song go. Can we sing that one more time with all your heart? Glory. Singing glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He the great man appear [Music] that the song of the redeemed. Amen. How many love the Lord tonight? Did you enjoy that? Wasn't that really good? I really enjoyed that. Amen. Praise the Lord. love's viewpoint. So good. I thank the Lord for that message tonight. That last quote, Brother Bill could have kept reading that. That was so nice. It's going to you'll be judged whether you receive it or not, but it's going to happen anyways. That's what the prophet said on those visions and all those things that has taken place. Um this Sunday, Brother Castillo will be with us. Brother Mark and a pastor from Madrid, Spain will be speaking and brother Castillo, Mark Castillo will be with us on the Sunday evening. So Sunday morning and Sunday night, they'll be joining us. So we'll be in prayer for that. Also, we want to keep this sister Dell McGra, brother McGraw's wife. She had a um the heart a pacemaker put in today. I haven't spoke with them and she's really been low um and um trying to care for her husband and he's very low as well physically and we just want to pray for brother Roland and sister Dell Mcgra. Brother Art is traveling in Alaska there and they'll be coming back shortly. Remember the Bible study. There's a Bible study this Friday for the youth. And then there's an adult Bible study coming up on the what's the date on that again? On the 25th. August 25th or July the 25th. And um um you want more information on that, anybody is welcome to be a part of that Bible study. Pray for me, the pastor. Pray for the board and the members. We certainly appreciate the board and the people that try to serve you the best they can. Amen. Uh remember our youth. We still have some details to do with the church and the construction and so forth and pray that the Lord will just bless us. Amen. As we move forward one step at a time. There's a prayer request also for sister Lorie Snow for guidance to the right physical therapist and for strength. Also for her daughter Jessica who has a bad eye infection. So we want to keep the snows in prayer tonight and the Lord will intervene for them. Amen. So is there any requests that we want to make known here? Anyone has a prayer request they'd like to make known? Amen. sister. Oh my. Mhm. Okay. But sister Heather's coworker, this person, the baby that drowned, we'll keep them in prayer. Amen. So, we'd like to take some time to go to prayer to the Lord and uh we'll take these requests before him. Just take a little time and pray. Pray for brother Bill and his trip. What what country you're going to, brother? Germany and Norway. Germany and Norway. And he'll be ministering there. And uh once again, I really enjoyed that tonight. Judge that you be not judged. And God help us. Amen. we pray. So, let's go to the Lord in prayer and you can pray at your seat. The altar is open. You can take some time and pray. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey, [Music] hey, hey. [Music] Let's sing that song. Change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God, make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. Change my heart, oh God. So change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. [Music] You are the part. I am the clay. [Music] M. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. You are the potter, Lord. You are the potter. [Music] I am the claim. [Music] Hold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. Amen. Let's stand to our feet and we'll sing one more. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, I want to see you. [Music] And open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you and open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. See you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. Wishing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. And open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you singing. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. To see you high and lift it up. Shineing in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love and we sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. Let's bow our heads. Brother Bill, would you come and dismiss us in a word of prayer and pray for us and our church? And God bless you. Amen. Amen. God's going to hear our prayers, brothers and sisters. Just hold it there. Woman came through the prayer line. Brother Bannam told her, "Thus sayaith the Lord, you have the baby." Five years later, she had the baby. Let us pray. Dear heavenly father, how precious it is when the saints of God can dwell together in the unity. It's like that anointing oil, Father, that came down from head to toe. Oh God, we need more of you, Father. Lord Jesus, we thank you, God, for these saints of like precious faith, Lord. They believe this messenger that you sent them. They believe this message, Father. They want more of you. I want my hand up right there with them. Lord, I want more of you. And tonight, Lord, these prayers, these petitions that we put on the altar, Father, thank you for hearing our prayers. Lord God, there may be 600 Philistines come against Shamgar. And those Philistines may say, "You know what? You remember what happened last year, Shamgar? We took everything you got." Oh, God. Satan's a liar. Amen. There was a brass cap, Lord Jesus, on top of his stick. That means our sins are already judged. There's nothing against us. There's not 600 reasons to put fear on us, though how long they've been bound. Don't you worry. You hold to God's unchanging hand. Lord, help me to do that in my own life with these precious saints, with the pastor. Lord, help us, God, to hold on to thus sayeth the Lord and the blood of Jesus Christ and the promise I'm a present help in time of need in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. And Satan say amen. I want to see you. I want to see you. help you high and lifted up shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you open and open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you singing. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. I want to see you. See you. I am lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Lord, pour out your power in love. We sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. High and lifted up to see you. High and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you. God bless you. You're dismissed. I'll be with you. Send my heart, Lord. [Music] I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you singing. Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Open the eyes of my heart. See you. [Music] I want to see you. See you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy. Holy, holy, holy. I want to see you high to see you high and lifted up. Shining in the light of your glory. Pour out your power and love. worship. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see you, to see you high and lifted up. [Music] Pour out your power and love. We sing holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Lord. [Music] Oh. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
