################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - Sunday Morning 04-06-25 - Pastor Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   Sunday Morning 04-06-25
Speaker: Pastor Israel Powe
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WnXbYJK-8es
========================================

Right? He is every bit of it. That's reason. He's deity made flesh among us. Now, in order to get I I won't take time for this cuz I got I see it's nine and I I got another thing I want to get in tonight. if God willing. And I want you to just put this down and you read it tomorrow. You put down Numbers 22-2. I want you to read that now. And you can follow behind me. And I now numbers 22-2. We know that Israel Israel was the chosen people of God. Is that right? They were the They were Pentecostal. Amen. They had the spirit among them. You remember last night's message how that Moses when he had crossed over the Red Sea or the Dead Sea and found behind him in the Red Sea of the blood representing the blood all the task masters that ever beat him and all the children of Israel. Moses raised his hand and sang in the spirit. Oh, every one of us can be a Moses. When we look back in the red blood of the Lord Jesus and see every old drunk, every old bottle, every old vulgar woman, every old dirty thing that we ever done in our life, all dead in the blood of the Lord Jesus makes us saint in the spirit. Cigarettes, tobacos, and bad habits and everything else dead in the blood of the Lord Jesus. And we can raise our hands and sing in the spirit. Hallelujah. Look what Miriam done. The prophetist. Now remember, she was a prophetist. She took the tambourine and began to beat the tambourine and dance in the spirit. And the daughters of Israel follow her down the bank beating these tambourines and dancing in the spirit. Real Pentecostal. And then if you notice when they come to Moab, now we're getting back. We're on the scripture now. The doctrine of Balum. And in Moab, Moab was Israel's brother. How many knows where Moab come from? All right. Moab is what I would call the hybrid because that Moab started from Lot's daughters. Lot had a baby by his own daughter and the two children and Moab was one of them. And he formed the nation of Moab, the tribe. And actually Lot was a nephew to Abraham which actually come back in that same line. We know that. Now I want you to notice they were not pagans as some of our plays recently would give you to remember they were believers. Amen. Amen. Now, when here come Israel up on their road to the promised land, making their way right in the line of duty, and here laid Moab right in the way, they sent messengers to Moab and said, "Let us pass through your land. We are your brother." Now, Moab represented the Nickelians. Now you see just in a minute Israel represented the true churchmen and Balam was one of the bishops popes watch and see now carnal Christianity now we'll notice that he was gifted there's no doubt about it many of them are fine speakers doctors of philosophy and and great man you can't deny that but having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof called back to that original Pentecost. Amen. Don't get away from there. When you do, you're lost. Stay with that blessing. That's it. The blesser of the blessing. Now, notice as they journeyed, they come up to this formal hybrid church and they said, "We are passing through to a revival. We're going over to the promised land. Will you permit us to go through? If our cattle lick up any grass, if they drink any water, we'll pay you for it. Then what did the king bail? He got all excited and he didn't want such a meeting as that in his church or his land. So what did he do? He sent over to the Pope or to the bishop, Balam, a Harland prophet, one that loved money more than he loved God. And the king Bail told him, "If you'll come out here and curse this people, I'll make you a great person." And God spoke to Bailo. And I wonder if it had to be I mean Balum. Wonder how many balms is in this world tonight. Methodist ministers, Baptist ministers, Catholic priest mercy that knows that God that you read the same history in the same book I do. Balam now notice then he said come down and curse the people. And Balam said uh I'll ask God. God said don't you go. But the next morning he said went told the priest or the the king and he come back said oh I I'll make you a great man. So Bam kept on. God said go on then you go on. Amen. See if you won't follow truth. You think nickeladenss that because God's doing for you what you're doing like that there's original truth. You're only taking God's permissive will. Amen. You say God gives us the Holy Spirit or blesses us and we're baptized in the name of father, son, holy ghost. You balamite doctrine of balum. God did tell him after you're so arrogant, he just let him go and hang his own self. Amen. You got to get back to truth. Foundational truth. Amen. Back to the Bible. Well, he's blessed us. Oh, I know that. He did told Bam said, "You go ahead. If you want to go that you're bound to go that way and you want your organization route, take it. Go on." Then Balam started jumped on his mule or not his mule, his donkey. Down through there he went. And the first thing you know, the uh angel of the Lord stood in the way. And you know that prophet, that pope, bishop, cardinal, whatever he was, was so blinded to spiritual things, the thought he was going to get promoted because he lived on the river Euphrates. I guess he thought that some inheritance like upon this rock I'll build my church Peter on some rock was in Rome or something. But when he got to the place, there stood the angel with a draw sword. And he was so blinded that he couldn't see it. And the mule smashed his foot against the wall. And then he rolled him on and the the angel stood in the way again. God will block every door. Amen. And this mule still turned around and he jumped off and tuck his stick be to whail him with it. This little donkey laying there getting beat on the head. And I sure what changed him, what let him have the notion or told him where he was wrong. He let that mule speak in tongues. Not a mule. He was a donkey. Don't say it was a mule. He couldn't have got it. He was a hybrid. See, he was original seed. [Music] Hallelujah. Moab was signs past. All things are passed. Israel had signs following. Amen. But this little donkey turned around and said, "Haven't I been your donkey? have ever uh and that that blinded bishop sitting up on there still beating that mule and the mule got talking to him in unknown tongues to the mule and he said yes you're you're my donkey and have I have I ever not carried you have I ever failed you no you haven't if I had a sword I'd kill you I'd stop this meeting I'm on my road down there to stop that bunch of holy rollers from coming through this land I' I'd put it on See, and the first thing you know, you had to look around. You thought, "Well, this is funny. I can hear that mule talking." Oh, Bum. See, God's always spoken unknown tongues to people. Even in the days, you said that's just on Pentecostal. Oh, no, no, no. That bell says your feast. He spoke in tongues. Amen. Wrote it out on the wall. They had a man there had the gift of interpretation. So he interpreted for him. Told him what it was. Same things today. So being that there was no interpreter to it, God just let this old bail him wake up this cardinal and realize what it was. And did you know that blind fellow went right on anyhow? Sure. That's the way they do it today. Same thing. the Moanites, Nickelians, going right on. And he went right on over there and he went, now watch, if God had to regard fundamentalism, he was duty bound to bless Moab because notice Balum built seven altars. That's exactly the number seven. Seven church ages. See how the spiritual application? Now, hold that. Now, spiritual application, I'm going to get to it in a minute in a hard place. See the spiritual application. Seven altars, seven blocks, clean animals, and seven rams. Speaking of the coming of Christ, hundreds of years before he came. But they believed. What did they believe? They believed in Jehovah God. What else did they believe? They believed that a clean sacrifice was to be offered. That's right. And they claimed that they believed that the Messiah was coming because he offered a a male sheep which was a ram. Is that right? Now you just tie for the Baptist one time. Find out if you don't do the same thing. It's exactly right. Well, what's the difference? Here's Israel down at the bottom of the hill offering the same offerings that they offered up here praying to the same God. Can't you see the Nickeladians? Amen. Amen. The hybrid. Amen. See it? Don't you see the true spiritual? What was the difference of them? One of them had signs following. Amen. The other had the farm. The other had signs following. Amen. That's the same thing had taken place here. The nine council nickelians formal Christianity. And the Holy Spirit comes back and said, "You've got the doctrine of Balum among you." Amen. See, and you I hate them deeds of the nickels, them doctrines that they got because it's a doctrine of Balum who taught the children of Israel to stumble. How did he do it then? When he went out to curse that people, God said, "I'll type your tongue. You can't stand what I tell you. You can't curse what I've blessed." So he looked down there and look at this hypocrite. Oh, we just run on out with it. See, look at this old king big the the the the head of all of it. Told this your false prophet said, "Go down there and just look at the back part of them." That's the way the the big churches like to say to God's little minority. Amen. You know what? I know one of them, boy. You know what he done? He he did this and he did that. That was Pentecostals. Sure. Oh, but if you just know the truth about them, but papers and things will keep that quiet. But let a little Pentecostal get out of the rise sometime and watch how the whole country blars it out. Sure. Yes, sir. But now notice he said just look at the back part. The back the worst part of it. They don't said, "Yeah, I just look at the back part, that bad part. What they do? That's what I'll do. I'll just look at the their honoriness. They're no good because he's looking at the no good. They wasn't." That's right. They had done every sin on the calendar. But what he failed to see, he failed to see that smitten rock. That bright serpent, that joy of the king among them, healing signs, wonder, that poor fire hanging over him. That blinded prophet couldn't see it. No, sir. But he's showing the dirty part of Well, I know one runway with another man's wife. I I know this. He stole some money. That's right. That's right. I'll admit that they got the same thing over there, but they didn't say anything about it. So just showing the worst part, but [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Let's just sing that with them. [Music] Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Jehovah Gyra. Jehovah Gyra is his name. Let's stand as we sing this. For he provideth all my need. Yes, Jehovah Gyra is his name for he provideth all my need. Brother Chris, when you come open in a word of prayer. [Applause] Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Dear Lord, we just thank you, Lord, for the truth, Lord, that you've given us, Lord Jesus. May this truth be brought to us today, Lord, through your word, Lord. May you join us, Lord. Bless this group this morning, Lord. We thank you Lord for everything that you provided for us. Lord, you're a great and loving God. We just thank you Lord. We ask this all in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. How many can say I was happy they said let's go into the house of the Lord. Amen. I I'm happy to be here today. Amen. We have just been having seems like the service just getting better and better and more expectation and just the freedom of of the spirit to move in our midst. And I just pray that he just continues to finish. We don't have to pray. He's going to we have the promise. He's going to finish the good work that he started in us. But let's just pray that anything we're doing that slows down that process that he would just show it to us, quicken that to us, and and we just die out a little more to ourselves today. I think that's each of our desire today. Amen. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus always sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus, oh, I love him more and more. For Jesus saves and keeps me. He's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus. Oh, is sweeter than the day before. Yes. Every day with Jesus. It's sweeter than the day before. Every day with Jesus. Oh, I love him more and more. Oh, Jesus saves and keeps me. And he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter. Let's sing that one more time. Can we? Yes. Every day with Jesus. Oh, it's sweeter than the day before. every day with Jesus. Oh, I love him more and more. For Jesus saves and keeps me, and he's the one I'm waiting for. Every day with Jesus is sweeter than the day before. You can be seated if you'd like. Well, he is my everything. He is my home. He is my everything. Both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything new. He is my everything. Now, how about you? Well, some folks may ask you. Some folks may ask me. And some folks may say, "Who is this Jesus that you talk about every day? He is my savior. He set me free. He set me free. Now listen. Now listen while I tell you just what he means means to me. I trust we can all sing this morning. He is my everything. Yes, he is my all. He is my everything both great and small. He gave his life for me. Made everything new. He is my everything. Now, how about [Music] you? Well, you know, we sing that song sometimes and that he's my Lord and that he wants to be ruler of all the kingdoms of your heart. And, you know, just we're thinking that he's my everything, both great and small. And I just think of it that way. You know, is he my everything? Is he Lord of every kingdom of my heart or is there a door that I'm keeping shut from him this morning? And so let's just How many want him to have complete control? Get out of the flood light in your lives this morning and just search and we can leave here and say he is my everything. Maybe he wasn't when I walked in, but Lord I I thank you for showing me where I was falling short and Lord you are my everything. Amen. Oh welcome Holy [Music] Spirit. Oh we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. Sing that again. You're welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Live inside of me. And you're the living water, the never drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete control. Oh, welcome Holy Spirit. For we are in your presence. Fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. You're the living. Yes, you're the living water, the ever drying fountain, comforter and counelor. Take complete [Music] control. Welcome Holy Spirit. We are in your presence. Fill us with your [Music] power. Live inside of me. Hallelujah. Let's change the key of B flat if we could. Amen. Thankfully, he brought me out the miry clay. He set my feet on the rock to stay. My heart was distressed neath Jehovah's red frown. Oh, and low in the pit where my sins dragged me down. Cried to the Lord from the deep my clay who tenderly brought me out to golden day. And he brought me out of the mighty clay. Yes. He put a song in my rock to stay. And he puts a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise. Hallelujah. And then he placed me upon a strong rock by his side. My steps were established and here all abide. There's no danger of falling well. Here I remain, but I'll stand by his grace until the crown I gave. For he brought me out of the mighty clay. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. It's a song of praise now. And he gave me a new song. Well, he gave me a song. Was a new song of praise. By day and by night, the sweet notes on my heart, my heart. I'm so happy and I am free. I'm going to praise my redeemer who's rescued me. For he brought me out of the bar. And he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. And I'll sing of his wonderful mercy. I'll sing of his wonderful mercy to me. I'm going to praise him, too. All men's goodness shall see. I will sing of salvation and all men abroad till many will hear the truth and trust in God. Oh, he brought me out of the mighty glaze. Yes, he put us on the rock to stay. Hey, he put a song. Oh, hallelujah. Wonder if we could just sing that third verse one more time together. He gave me a song. It was a new song of praise. He gave me a song. It was a new song of praise. By day and by night, his sweet notes. Oh my heart, my heart is overflowing. I'm so happy and free. I will praise my redeemer who's rescued me. For he brought me out of the mighty claim. Oh, he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song in my soul today. A song of praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner. I'm a prisoner of love divine. Now I live and now I live to praise his name. Oh who I am Lord who I am. Oh I can see now just who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. On Calvary, he died to redeem his lost bride. The king of kings became my [Applause] savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. Oh I am Lord. Oh, who I am. Oh, I can see now just who I am. I'm a part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who? Let's sing that first verse one more time. Oh glorious victory. Oh glorious victory. That day he set me free. The day he set me free and he made my heart his very throne. My heart is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of love divine. And now I live. Let's stand as we praise his name. We praise his name. Oh, who I am, Lord. Who I am. Oh, I can't see now just who I am. I'm a part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination. It's predestination of who? Of who? Sing that one more time. Oh, who I am, Lord. It's who I am. Thank you, Lord, for I can see now just who I am. A part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a [Music] revelation. It's predestination of who I [Music] am. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Ben, if you could come and take the prayer request for us and and the offering. Amen. God is so good. How many just want to slip their hands up? Maybe they didn't take the time to write out a request this morning, but just have an unspoken need on your heart. Amen. We didn't take the time to turn in a praise report, but my sister Jill had their fourth grandchild was born yesterday, so sharing a birthday with my daughter-in-law Emma. So, we just are thankful for for both of them. Amen. But we just thank God for his goodness, his faithfulness. Amen. He knows what's behind each hand that was lifted this morning. If you could take the rest of it, I guess we don't have any petitions this morning. So, kind of want to share a little thought that's in my heart real quick. Let's pray that God would give us a tender heart that we can be pliable to his will. Because I was thinking, who are we anyhow? You know, sometimes the prophet said that we go out with our noses up high that if it would rain, we would drown. And I'm speaking to me so you won't get [Music] offended. But the prophet said we're only 84 cents. That's all we're worth in this flesh. 84 cents. You know that we could be a corpse in the morning and be six foot under and no and we'd be forgotten so quick. That's something to think about. But you know what he the prophet said? That that seed that's inside of us is worth more than a million worlds. Brother Joe, you could you could fact check me on that. That's the truth. He said that we are this seed is worth more than a million worlds. Isn't that tremendous? Oh God, help us this morning, Lord, to open our hearts that he could give us a heart of flesh and be tender. Why shouldn't we worship him with all our hearts for what he's done for us? I got a gratitude in my heart like never before. I love the Lord Jesus with all my heart. Thank you, Lord. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, we want to thank you this morning. Lord, for being so good to us, Lord, for giving us a predestinated seed inside of our heart, Lord, that's worth more than a million worlds because you created the universe and we were in you even when you were creating the universe. Oh God, the prophet said without one of your predestinated seeds, you're incomplete. Oh Lord, that's how much you love us. We got to admit it. You love us, Lord. And we love you, too, Lord. We were with you before the foundation of the world. Back in your mind, the prophet said, "Oh, how grateful we should be this morning, Lord. We want to worship you, Lord, with that thought in our heart, Lord. That you're so awesome, Lord. You're the creator of the universe. Everything that was created, visible and invisible, oh, and you're our father. We come from your loins, oh God. Oh, God. I pray this morning that you would speak to us, Lord. That you would use Brother Israel, Lord God. that you would place it in his heart, Lord God, that speak the words of life, Lord, to us. For you, you you you said that you wanted to use man to bring the gospel. You could have used the wind. You could have used trees, but you use man, the foolishness of preaching. Lord, you woke that seed up inside of us, Lord. Oh, God. Thank you, Lord, this morning, Lord. We bless you. Give you honor and glory. Lord, we pray for the sick and the afflicted, Lord. Those that are tormented in the mind. I go down the streets driving the streets and I see their faces, oh God. Tormented, Lord, in prison. So in prisons now, oh God. But it's not so in our case, Lord. because we have rapturing faith to be changed and taken away. Quoting a song, Lord. Glory, glory, glory, Lord. Thank you, Lord. I love you, Lord. Bless the tithes and offerings, Lord, that you could use them for the furthers of your kingdom, Lord, as we commit this service into your hands. Let your will be done, Lord. Thank you, Father. We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. of [Music] Jehovah, God Almighty. You're the prince of peace. [Music] Trles [Applause] van hearts are [Music] mened in the presence of the king. Amen. We'll sing one more chorus as the Ray family comes to sing for us. So good to see them this morning. Welcome. I don't think brother John's going to be singing, but the rest of the family will be singing for us this morning. So, amen. How many can say, "Lord, here I am to worship this morning." So good to see our brothers and sisters, but Lord, the reason I'm here is to worship you today. Amen. Light of the world, you step out into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. [Music] Lord, here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You are all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days. King of all days. Oh, so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. And humbly you came to the earth. You created all for love's sake became [Music] poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You are all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. So here I am to [Music] worship. Here I am to worship. Here I am to [Music] worship. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You can be seated. And just just kept thinking that I should mention there's was announced Wednesday last Sunday there were several conventions that were going on. Different churches were hosting this past weekend. So, we have looking out. There's a number that are missing from us this morning that are gone. But just pray the Lord will keep everybody safe on the road. Just uh nothing is ever too small to ask and just comes on your heart. Just ask that we would just remember each of of them in prayer as they're traveling back and Lord will refresh them wherever they are and they'll be a blessing wherever they are but just keep them safe till they come back again. Amen. We're so happy to be here and see all of you guys again. We missed you all. Hope you guys know that we love you and just a really simple course. I'm just getting my voice back. I didn't have any voice a couple days ago. So, just bear with me. [Music] I've [Music] been right from wrong. But in every situation, God gave blessed consolation that my trials only come to make me strong. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. I've been a lot of places. I've seen a lot of faces. There were times I felt so all alone. But in my lonely hours, yes, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know that I was his own. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Still a work in progress. I can't say that I always just completely have faith in God that he's going to honor his word. And there's times we do have anxiety. Even though he tells us to be anxious for nothing, but in all things and prayer and supplication, but we find ourselves worrying and how's he going to take care of this and how's he going to work this situation out. But he just wants us to trust in him. And I'm so glad that we have his word that we can depend on this morning. It changes not. It's And we have the promise. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. So we can look back at a Bible full of things that he's done and know that he's the same God today. Amen. So thankful for that. Amen. Fill my way every day with love. We'll sing that. We turn the service over to our pastor this morning. Well, let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above, just giving cheer everywhere to the sand and alone. Fill my way every day with love. Just fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly dove. Just let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Keep me close. will keep me close to the sight of my savior and God. Let me never in darkness roam. Just keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love as I walk with a heavenly dove. Just let me go all the while with a song and with a smile. Fill my way every day with love and soon the race will be yours. Soon the race will be old and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. So let me sing. Oh blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with let's stand as we worship him again. Oh, fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly dumb. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Sing that last verse one more time. Oh, soon the race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. Let me sing. Blessed King all the way to the shore. Lord, fill my way every day with love. Lord, fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly d. Let me go all the while with the song and with a smile. Build my way. [Music] way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with your love, Lord Jesus. As I walk with the glory, hallelujah, amen. Let me go all the while and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's our desire to be filled with the love of God. Amen. God bless you, saints. It's so good to be in the house of the Lord with you, to see our friends here and each of you that's gathered in his name. Let us go to the Lord in prayer a moment. Heavenly Father, we come before you this morning asking your blessings on the preaching of your word. We feel your presence already, Lord. And your Holy Spirit is with us and we're so glad for that, Lord. I wouldn't take nothing for the old fashioned meeting, Lord. The Holy Ghost coming down and washing us and Lord, and praising and giving you thanks. You've been so good to us, Lord. We have a reason. We have a reason to shout this morning and to call upon your name in thanksgiving. Oh God, you redeemed your people today. You set us free, Lord. And I'm so glad to be set free. Lord, we ask your blessings now as we come to this portion of the service. Speak to every heart, the youngest one to the oldest one is our prayer in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Amen. So God bless you saints. Amen. So happy to be with you this morning. We like to go right into the word. So good to see the rays, my good friends. Amen. God bless them and each of you. Any other visitors that are here? Good to see the brother Allan, John Allen there. Amen. And saints there. Each of you glad to have you here with us. And greet the saints in Mesa as well. Pray the Lord willing bless them. Brother Art and the faithful ones that are helping us helping out us out with the work there. Um, in the scriptures, we like to turn to uh two places here in Hebrews chapter 10. We actually have three places. Hebrews chapter 10, Hebrews chapter 1, and also in Numbers. The prophet of God picked up Numbers in the Sunday school this morning. Those of you that were here, and he asked us to read that, if you caught that, he said, "Read that when you get a chance." And it's it just worked right in line with what we were bringing on this great purge that we've been talking about. Hebrews chapter 10, we'll take first verse number one and two. For the law having a shadow of good things to come, and not the very image of the things which can never with those sacrific with those sacrifices which they offer year by year continually make the comers there unto perfect. For then would they not have ceased to be offered because that the worshipper once purged should have no more conscience of sin. Amen. Hebrews chapter 1. God, who at sunundry times in diverse manner spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets, hath in these last days spoken to us by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds, who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and and upholding all things by the word of his power. When he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high, being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. Amen. God bless you. Uh we'll take one more scripture. in Numbers. Chapter 22 and verse chapter 23, pardon me. In verse 11, and Ba said unto Balam, "What hast thou done unto me? I took thee to curse my enemies, and behold, thou has blessed them all together." Amen. Let us pray one more time. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on your word. bless your people we pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. We're speaking on the great purge again. This is number five. But uh the title is our sins purged. Our sins are purged. How many thank God for that? Amen. Amen. Now last week we uh took the book of Jude and we read out of the book of Jude where the Cain and Bale and um um Kora rose up against Moses and we had to bring out those things that these false brothers and the il illegitimate child came a false prophet in Balum and then a disgruntled first cousin of Moses Kora. We had to bring those out. But then at the end of the chapter there, we read in Jude, "But ye beloved, building up yourselves on the most holy faith, keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ unto eternal life." Verse 22 says, "And of some have compassion making a difference. and another save with fear, pulling them out of the fire, hating even the garment spotted by flesh. Look at 24. Now unto him that is able to keep you from falling and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy. Now, he's able to keep you from falling, and he's the one that presents you or that will present you faultless. um this um portion of the word that we read here, keeping yourselves from the world, unspotted from the world, and this great sacrifice that was laid for us at Calvary. It is open to us in a greater measure as a prophet has revealed to us the revelation of the seven seals. Because of this great revelation, we can go deeper as the word directs us through the opening of his word to us in this hour. We know that many things were hidden from before the foundation of the world. Jesus spoke of this and he said that he would speak to them in mysteries and that uh things that they had never heard before. This is why he spoke to them in parables. Let me find one place here where Jesus speaks of this. It's in I believe it's in Matthew um 13 and verse 34. All these things spake Jesus unto the multitude in parables, and without a parable spake he not unto them, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables. I will utter things which have been kept secret from the foundation of the world. So our Lord Jesus is speaking parables and opening up things scriptures to the Pharisees and Sadducees who were students of the law of Moses. They were professionals in the law of Moses. But here Jesus is now speaking things that had been hidden from before the foundation of the world. And he spoke to them in parables and he laid it out to them ever so like a childlike ministry. It was unlike any other ministry that we've heard. But it was the greatest ministry. It was the God of creation now revealing himself to his people in the office of the son of God. Amen. Now, the prophet of God shares with us, and I've done this before, some of the things that had been revealed to us since the opening of the seven seals. And in the message, is this the sign of the end, sir, as the prophet brings out Revelations 10:7 that this great angel to come would bring the mysteries to us. Now, our churches, saints, are not like any other church, or it shouldn't be. Um, people that are listening to this message are different than people that are not listening to it. The way we conduct ourselves is a reflection on what we listen to on them tapes. the way we praise and worship the Lord. It's a direct reflection on what we've listened to in the message of the hour. So, I can't I can't compare myself with no other group of people. I can only compare myself with what's on them tapes, what's in the Bible, because that was the example set for us in the days of the voice of the seventh angel. When he shall begin to sound, the mysteries, the mysteries of God should be finished. Is that right, saints? We're not just anybody. Don't downplay yourself. God has opened his word to you. He's done the greatest thing that he can do to you. He has revealed his secrets to you. There's many that go to school looking for these mysteries, looking for God to speak to them. And God has spoke to us. And we are the people of God. We are the children of the most high God. Our God is God and he's revealed himself to us. We're not ashamed of that, saints. Yes, sir. There's no there's no Pentecostal that can out praise me. There there's no Baptist that can worship beyond what I can worship because I am a part of the original seed from before the foundation of the world. I was in his mind before the foundation of the world. And Job says, "Where were you?" God asked Job, "Where were you when the sons and daughters of God shouted for joy?" They praise the Lord. Before the foundation of the world. Is that right? Now, the prophet of God goes forward in the message uh Revelation chapter 5 number two, and he says this here. Now it's a book of revelation. Paragraph 153. Say it's a book of revelation. God revealing himself. And now through these great mysteries, he's revealing the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in baptism. He's revealing that there's no such a thing as eternal hell. It cannot be. There's no scripture in the Bible says there such a thing. Now, there's a hell. There's a lake of fire where the wicked will where they're punished, but they're finally consumed. maybe 1000 million years, but they're finally consumed. Drop down to paragraph 155. Now, security. Those who he forneew, he called. Those who he called, he is justified. Those who he is justified, he's already glorified. Paul told us in the first chapter of Ephesians that God before the foundation of the world has predestinated us unto the adoption of sons through Christ Jesus. John tells us here in Revelation that the enemy in the last days, that religious enemy would get amongst the people and have organizations and so forth and cults and so forth as they have today and would deceive the very elected if it was possible and would deceive all whose names are not put on the Lamb's book of life since the very foundation of the world. When was your name put on the lamb's book of life? Before the foundation of the world. When was Christ slain? 1900 years ago. No, sir. Before the foundation of the world. The lamb was slain before the foundation of the world. See what it's doing? See what it's doing? It's these seals opening up. just begin to reveal the plan of redemption, how he did it. It's all over now. Just about finishing up. So, we're at the end time. So, that's why things are being revealed. Now, this is in 1961. This is before he even preached the revelation of the seven seals. And he's talking about how these seals reveals it. It opens it up. Let's go a little bit further. In the message, a man running from the presence of the Lord. This was the message brother Random preached. He was very nervous as he was bringing out the things he had to bring out the truth of marriage and divorce. Before he brings that out, he preaches this message, a man running from the presence of the Lord and talked about your responsibilities and how we all have responsibilities and we can't run from those responsibilities. as uncomfortable as they may be, as you know, challenging as it may be, we everyone have a responsibility and it would be nice if we can have things our own way, but life doesn't work that way. And neither does the word of God work that way. We have challenges that we must face. We have to go through some things. Can I get a witness here? And these are our responsibilities. My test is not your test. Your test is not somebody else's test. Everybody has their own tailor tailor made tests. They're tailor made. They're made just for you. And you've got to go through that. And God has equipped you with the power and the grace to make it through whatever you're going through. If you're 20 years old, God knew you. It'd be 20, 25, 50, 60, however old you are. God has equipped you to face the challenges for your life. No matter how old you are, single, married, grandpa, whatever you are, God has given you a responsibility. Amen. There's no dish rags here. There's no crybab in the kingdom of God. I'm talking about every member of the bride can handle the sword. If he has to cut a devil's head off, guess what he's going to do? He going to chop I don't care if it's a sister, she'll take the word of God and she'll chop that devil's head off. Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Precious little sister so and so. whacking devil's heads off by the word of God. There's no crybab in the kingdom of God. And ain't nobody feeling sorry for nobody. No. We're believer saints. We're soldiers. And we are going to overcome. In fact, we have already overcome. You got the victory right now, sister brother. You got the victory. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. The prophet of God is in this running from the presence of the Lord. He says about this marriage and divorce, I wanted to speak on it. Ever since the time that those seals, you know, all the mysteries are supposed to be made known in the opening of them seven seals, all mysteries of the Bible. I'm thinking now I'm getting old, kind of old. And brother continues on. So in the marriage and divorce he says this about this opening of the seals. Of course he goes forward and he speaks about and who is this mechdic? Uh the opening of the seals is because the opening of the seals it revealed who this Melzdc was. But in this marriage and divorce he says this in paragraph number 80. We have also two thoughts of this marriage and divorce. Now that our Lord has opened the seven seal mystery of his word to us in this last day. Now many of you this might be Greek to you but my church understands. So he's opened up this mystery. He moves forward in paragraph 233 and he says this about this great mystery. But now that the seals are open, the spirit of truth directs us to the word. That explains why all the mistakes has bound down through the ages because the seals was not open. This was not revealed. Amen. Prophet of God continues in paragraph number 272 and he says this in this marriage and divorce. Uh he's opening it up to us. He says, "Now on the marriage and divorce," see, it has to be revealed. Until it's revealed, you don't know it. But he promised in the last days, in this age, that every hidden mystery in the Bible would be revealed. How many knows that? Revelation the 10th chapter, 10th chapter, Jesus promised it that all these hidden mysteries on marriage and divorce and all these other hidden mysteries that's been would be revealed in the end time. Now you remember the voice said go to Tucson. Remember the mystic light in the sky, the seven angels standing there come back and the opening of the seven seals. Where my picture at? Remember that mysterious light? Remember it was like a pyramid first, right? And then he was looking at it after that. Get a good look. Somebody say, "Amen." Who believes this here? Then the picture said, "Turn it to the right." He turned it to the right and what does he see? Oh. Oh, they don't like that one. They don't like these pictures. They try to take them out of our churches. No, no. We putting them up again. Praise the Lord. God likes taking pictures. And when God takes a picture, put it on the wall. You don't take it off. You put it up on the wall so you can see with your eyes. This is what I'm identifying myself with. He takes a picture. to prove that this word is true. There's a lot of pictures taken. There's a lot of pictures taken. Got your family albums and albums in your phone and photo scripts of family. You look what I ate today and picture of this and a picture of that. Look me on the mountain. Look at this picture right here. That's a picture worth showing somebody. Yes. Amen. Because the seven seals are now being opened, the prophet of God continues in paragraph number 311 in the same message on marriage and divorce. Just to highlight the message that we're in, saints, it wasn't so from the be paragraph number 11. Now, yes. Now, you believe this to be true. Believe it to come from God. By the vindication of his cloud, and his message has brought me this far. Should not God upon the mountain permit me to do the same thing, to suffer you to go the way you are, and do it no more? Go with your wives. Live in peace, for the hour is late. The coming of the Lord is at hand. We haven't got time to break these things up. Don't you dare to try to do it again. I'm speaking only to my congregation. But if you are married, God has bore me witness that on the mountain that I could say this a supernatural revelation because of the opening of the seven seals. This is a question in God's word. Let them go on in as they are and sin no more. Now, what a beautiful thing. Now, if you was never in that problem, maybe you couldn't enjoy the how beautiful it was to say your sins are forgiven. You're living in a condition that is contrary to the word. But because the seals are open, this is to my people only. Because the seals are open, you are forgiven. Go and sin no more. Isn't that nice? That is very nice. A and if you go deeper, you'll see how nice it is. But it's because it's not just marriage and divorce. It's our first original nature we were married to. He tells us in invisible union, our first nature was adulterous. Our first nature was sinful. And then the invisible union of the bridey ties that in that we were sinners to begin with. Oh, but because of the opening of the seven seals, there's grace for you. Because somebody died at Calvary, there's forgiveness for you because somebody loves you. I forgive you. Now go and sin no more. Go and disbelieve no more. I wonder how many people can receive that today. Forgiveness is a wonderful thing. But it goes even deeper than just forgiveness. Yes, it does. And we'll get into it here for a few more moments. Okay. Brother Vanov tells us God's power to transfer, transform. He says this here, paragraph 77. Now, it's hard to say this. It's very hard because speaking to people who feel the same way I do and the way I've been for many years, but since the opening of those seven seals of them angels just behind the mountain yonder, this has become a new book. It's the things that's been hid is being revealed as God promised in Revelations 10 he would do it. And we are the privileged people that God has chosen of the earth that we might see and understand these things which is not some mythical fleshly mind of a person trying to make it up. It's the word of God made manifest. Proven that it's right. Proven not by science but by God that it's right. God, as I've said before in a message, God doesn't need anyone to interpret his word. He's his own interpreter. He says it'll happen and it happens. He confirms it. That interprets it. Now, so how many's happy because the seven seals have been open? Oh, you should be grateful. This is why we got a church today because the seals have been open. This is God we got something to preach on. This is because this is this is this is why we baptize the way we baptize because the seven seals has been open. This is why you can marry somebody and trust them all the way to the end because of the seven seals. Where'd you get your wife, brother? Where'd you get your husband, sis? It had to come from the word of the Lord. And you ought to be grateful. You ought to be thankful. You ought to be the most happiest person to know that God has provided you everything that you have need of. Amen. Okay, let's go a little bit further. Now, another great mystery. As brother Brandham brings out the invisible union of the bride of Christ, he brings this great truth. Let me get one more spot that he deals with on this revelation of the seven seals. He says this in a message, Revelation chapter 5, part number two. And he makes this statement here. All right? He brings in the Old Testament type of the year of Jubilee. And as brother Brandham is bringing that type, he's showing that there is coming another year of Jubilee. And it's not an Old Testament jubilee. It's a jubilee for you and I. Huh? Looking at some of y'all, y'all need a jubilee. Your face needs a jubilee. Your praise. Your excitement needs a You need a jubilee in your expectations. Lord, send me a jubilee. What's a jubilee? That's a good time, my sister. That's a wonderful time in the things of the Lord. Lord, send this church a jubilee. Send the pastor a jubilee. Send our young people a jubilee. What is this jubilee? The jubilee says that you're free. You're free. You're free. You're free. You're free. You're free. Say it low. You're free. You're free. Spread the word you're free. Whisper. Tell somebody you're free. Yeah. Then shout it out. You're free. Glory to God. That's something you don't whisper all the time. We are free. Prophet of God takes this 1961 Revelations chapter 5 number two. Just showing that this message is a seventh seal message. It is the revelation of the word that has been open to us. Not just a series of seals 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, but it's the entire message. That's where your liberty is. You got to eat the whole lamb. There's no quotations that we throw to the side. We want it all. If there new tape comes out, when that new tape comes out, I'm already going to say amen. If it's the prophet before I even hear it, I can say amen to it because I'm saying amen to this ministry. I say amen to the tapes that I haven't heard yet before. Amen. Amen. Yes, I'm crazy like that. Now, some of y'all got to read it all and then after it's all said and done, you can say, "Amen." Amen. But I can say amen just so they crap. Only Billy. Amen. Sooner before they start that tape, brother John. My amen. I'm already on. Ready to go. Praise the Lord. Somebody remember in the Old Testament, a man lost his inheritance. a squatter come on his land and he could not hold it any longer for annaliation from the owner until 50 years. After 50 years, the year of Jubilee came by and the year of Jubilee, when the year of Jubilee come along, then everything went back to its original beginning again. All slaves that went back to the original beginning. If a man was hoing in the field and the trumpet sounded, he heard it, he'd throw down the hoe and say, "I'm no more a slave. I go back home to my family." Everything was given back. If a squatter was on the ground, he had to get off the ground. That's all. He's got off the ground because why? The legal owner was coming back. He had to give away. Hallelujah. One of these days, the kingdom of this world will fall and the legal owners will come in. One of these days, I'm so glad that one of these days that the meek shall inherit the earth. It belongs to the meek. It belongs to the beloved. Come on. They're destroying it today. They're fighting about it today. They're arguing today about it. But it belongs to the meek. And now there was a time it was in dispute. Let's move forward just a little bit. That's a very nice piece. I hate to skip it, but to save a little time, brother Bam goes forward in paragraph 177. Now, brethren, not to hurt your feelings, anything about it. If the organization is right, you're just a Catholic by organization. Paragraph 179. Drop it down a little bit for me. Thank you. This is what I want. Now, there will come another year of Jubilee. And that we've had it just about this time. If you notice, Pentecost has been falling in America for about 50 years. Somewhere on that time, just about 50 years ago, Pentecost begin Pentecost began to fall. Now, what's happening? The church is receiving the seven sealed book of the revelation of Jesus Christ of the seven seals and not one tenth of them can receive it. But when you begin to see the year of Jubilee where you don't have to fuss and strain and pull like this, but we're already secured in Christ. We're already have the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in baptism. We have all these great mysteries that we're going to bring up in these seven seals and prove to you them was the seals that were sealed from the eyes of the people of God being my helper. I prove to you that they could not see that by the Bible. Then sure, if the Bible said so, you'll believe it that they could not see nothing but father, son, and holy ghost until this time. They could not see that there was no eternal herald until this time. They could not see there was no eternal security. I mean, for the real believer, of course, there's been a mock of it all the way around. Uncertain sound they give. That's the reason the people they say why look at them Presbyterians and so forth smoke drink everything else and claim they got eternal security. Brother Bam continues on yeah but you see that's to that's to throw off the real trumpet. Now we have had a trumpet sound and it's because of the opening of the seven seals that we see the things that we can see. I like in Hebrews chapter 8, it says verse one, it says this is the sum of what we've been talking about. Then he goes into we have a more excellent ministry. We have a better covenant. He says we have better promises and we have a new covenant. And what is this new covenant? The new covenant is I will put my laws into their mind. I will write them in their hearts. I'm going to do it. This is what God is going to do. I'm going to put my laws into their minds. I'm going to write it in their hearts. Does God know how to write? Yes, he does. I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people. They have it there. Thank you so much. For this is the covenant that I'll make with them, the house of Israel, after those days, sayeth the Lord. I will put my laws into their mind and write them in their hearts, and I will be to them a God, and they shall be to me a people, and they shall not teach every man his neighbor, knowing uh uh say uh shall sorry, every man his brother, saying, "Know the Lord, for all shall know me from the least to the greatest, for I will be merciful to to uh h um to their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more. Now these iniquities and these sins, let's talk about that just for a moment. It seems like our Christian experience has been relegated to from when we were forgiven by our Lord. We seem to go to that as our pivotal point many times. the day we got saved or we got baptized and we look back to when he forgave us and our sins seem to define us. Uh but let's let's not look at from when we're our sins when we committed sin and then we repented and then we experienced the beautiful thing of forgiveness. But let's look at before we ever sinned. That's really the true picture to look at. See, we're constantly looking at when we sinned and then we were forgiven of our sins and then we were saved in water baptism. We thank God for Calvary. That's beautiful. But really, when did Calvary happen? Not 2,000 years ago. It was before the foundation of the world. And what were you before you sinned? So Satan is always trying to bring up our past sins, but he only goes so far. What were you before sin ever entered? That is our original inheritance. That's our identification for the bride of Jesus Christ. And brother Brandham brings this revelation out to us after the opening of the seven seals. And he uses this word Romans chapter 5 verse one. Therefore being justified by faith. Now this word justified the Greek word is uh Greek word 1344. I won't try to pronounce it but he said look it up. He brother says look up the word. It don't even mean forgiven at all. It means that you were declared righteous. you were made righteous. It's so far beyond forgiveness. And forgiveness isn't something that we, you know, forgiveness is a real thing because we commit sins and we have to ask God to forgive us every day. But what about justification? How does that play into the believer? Justification says you never sinned in the first place. You're all stressed out because of the mistakes that you made. But what were you doing before you ever made a mistake? What were you doing before the foundation of the world? Job says we were praising him. We were worshiping him before the foundation of the world. Amen. This is our Sunday school lesson that we saw the prophet bring to us about Balam and Bao. Let's go there quickly. It's in Numbers chapter 22 and verse number 12. It's an interesting thing it brings up here and so we'll get it. I know I won't be able to finish but I want to touch this part here. Numbers 22:1. The children of Israel set forward and pitched the plains of Moab on this side of Jordan by Jericho. Bailo the son of Zippor saw all that Israel had done to the Amorites. And so he goes forward and hires a prophet to uh stop Israel. This is where Bale's ministry begins. so to speak, doesn't really begin here because he already has a reputation that whatever he blesses, God blesses. This is why Bailo hired him. Balam was gifted. He had the same anointing that Moses had on him. He had a genuine Holy Ghost anointing on him, Brother Brandham tells us. And here's a king that has his own personal interest in his kingdom. He didn't want to lose. He didn't want his people being defiled. He didn't want to come under. He sees these people just taking up all of the country. He's heard about them. They're doing all the things that they're doing. They're moving forward. And they're not one of him. So, he needs to answer. Instead of fighting them, instead of building an army to go out against them, he hires one of them. And he he he was he was one of them in the sense of coming up under Moab and and under Lot's children because they they still had the same sacrifices Balam did. He knew about how to enter into to find the will of God. This is probably why his ministry was successful. He was a prophet with the true anointing on him. But then he got caught up with false teaching because of of an offer that was given to him. And if you're talented, gifted, or whatever you are, pretty or handsome or available, Satan always gots an offer for you. Could be a job, could be a promotion, it could be something, but it's always going to be something that causes a conflict with your relationship with the Lord. That's what you need to watch out for. I'm not talking about growing a garden. I'm not talking about fishing or riding a horse. I'm talking about anything that's in conflict with your relationship with the Lord. Remember that. Money, women, and popularity as it relates to your ministry or your calling in God. Amen. So, let's look at this just for a moment. I think I'm going to stop right here cuz I can feel this is where I need to sit down. Just on this spot right here. Here. Here is a man that wasn't looking for no position. They actually called him. Bam is doing his own thing. He's got his anointing. God has used him. He has a reputation. Read the text. This is why Bao called him. Because we know the people that you bless Yes. are blessed. So come and help me deal with these Israelites. Now remember in our journey this is after these are the years of wandering. Remember that. Remember Israel as a whole has rejected God at Kadesh Barnea and they're wandering through the wilderness now and they got 40 years of this wandering. How many saints are with me this morning? And they come up to this prophet. Bail hires Balum. Let's look at verse number 12. Verse 19. I'm I'm sorry, not 19. Verse number nine. Numbers 22:9. And God came unto Balam and said, "What men are these with thee?" Wow, that's pretty nice. God would even come and talk to him. This was a gifted man. This wasn't a nobody. This man had a gift in his life. God would hear his prayer and he was vindicated. Brother Branna brings it out to us so beautifully. It's a beautiful example and a learning spot right here. And some of y'all want me to move on, but you ain't said amen to this part yet. So, I'm gonna stay right here. And if I got to close right here, I'll close right here cuz I can't finish. I can never finish anyways, Brother Rick. I ain't going to get done. Look at your neighbor and tell him, say, neighbor, he's not going to finish today, so relax. Verse number nine. And God came unto Balam and said, "What men are these with thee?" And Balam says unto God, "Bail the son of Zapor, the king of Moab, hath sent unto me, saying, Behold, there is a people come up out of Egypt, which coverth the face of the earth. Come now, curse me them. free adventure, I shall be able to overcome them and drive them out. And God said unto Balam, "Thou shalt not go with them. Thou shalt not curse the people for for they are blessed." What? These are the people that rejected God at Kadis Barnea, but they were still God's people. Oh, they are blessed. Leave them alone. Don't bother them. Just leave them alone. Leave them alone. Leave them alone. You know, we need to learn that lesson. We don't understand all ministries. We don't understand Reverend so and so, Pastor So and So, but that's not my business. My business is to leave them alone. They ain't got nothing to do with me. Leave them alone. Hallelujah. Amen. They are blessed. And Bale rose up in the morning and said unto the princes of the bail, "Get you into your land, for the Lord refused to give me leave to go with you." And the princes of Moab rose up, went to Bailo, and said, "Balam refused to come with us." Bail sent yet again princes more and more honorable than they. They came to Balam and said to him, "Thus said Baleo the king, the son of Zapor. Let nothing, I pray thee, hinder thee from coming unto me, for I will promote thee unto very great honor, and I will do whatsoever thou sayest unto me. Come therefore, I pray thee, curse me this people. And Balam answered and said unto the servants of Bailo, if Bail would give me his house full of silver and gold, I cannot go beyond the word of the Lord, my God, to do less or more. Now therefore, I pray you, tarry ye also here this night, that I may know what the Lord will say unto me more. It looks innocent. It looks like he's just trying to check and cover his bases. But God didn't stutter when he talked to him the first time. And God wasn't playing around the first time. So what you think? God didn't mean what he said the first time. So now he's going to come back to the Lord again and ask him say, "Lord, should I go or should I stay?" Now, what's causing him to ask the Lord the second time? I'll tell you what's causing him. First of all, the prophet of God tells us in his heart, he didn't like the children of Israel anyways. Number one. Number two, that pay raise. I've been thinking about that because I had a vacation I was planning on going to anyways. And that promotion, that's exactly what my family needs. Y'all ain't going to let me preach this morning. Oh yes, that promotion is exactly what we wanted, what we needed. But you know what? No. No. I don't have my mind on it. I'm gonna go pray about it again. God already gave you the answer, my sister, my brother. What's there to pray about again? Huh? Your motive, your objective is now going to be highlighted. And the Lord's going to expose it right here in his word. Verse number 20. And God came unto Balam at night, and said unto him, If the men come to call thee, rise up, and go with him, but yet the word which I shall say unto thee, that shalt thou do. Oh, wow. The Lord said, I can go, Brother Ben, I can go. He said it. Did the Lord Yeah. The Lord told me I can go. I got the quote right here. He said, I can go. And the Bible, if you keep reading, it says the angel of the Lord was kindled against him. Let's read it. We're here. And Bale rose up in the morning, verse 21, saddled his ass, and went with the princes of Moab. And God's anger was kindled because he went. And the angel of the Lord stood in the way for adversary against him, adversary against him. Now he was riding upon his ass, and his two servants were with him. And the ass saw the angel of the Lord standing in the way, and his sword drawn in his hand, and the ass turned aside, out of the way, and went into the field. And Balam smoked the ass, and he turned her into a way. But the angel of the Lord stood in the path in the vineyards, the wall being on this side, and a wall on that side. And when the ass saw the angel of the Lord, she thrust herself unto the wall and crushed Balam's foot against the wall, and he smoked her again. It's the It's the ass's fault, right? It's the beast's fault. It's everybody else's fault. Maybe you're outside of the will of the Lord. Maybe that's why your ass is running into the wall. And you got to take that into context like how I said it. Okay, read the scripture. That's the word of the Bible. Now, that's the reason why things ain't going right for you. Maybe because maybe you're out outside of the will of the Lord. And this donkey better. This ass can see what the prophet can't see. He's blinded. He's already on his way. Don't even know God's mad at him. All he knows is God said he can go. He has permission, but it's the permissive will of God, not the perfect will of God. And the bride of Jesus Christ is not interested in the permissive will of God as it pertains to the revelation of his word. Amen. Now, we live under his permissive will for many things. our clothes, the way we eat, the way we raise our children. That's all permissive will that he permits. But we don't want the permissive will of God as it pertains to his word. Is that right, saints? And now the the beast can see the angel. And this this animal's like, "This man don't know where he going. He want me to go that way, but I ain't going that way, man. It's like, man, what's wrong with you? And he beat her on her. And she run that way. And he beat on her. And then finally she stopped. She's like, man, what's up? Why are you hitting on me? Can't you see the angel? And then finally, his blindness, he was caught. He realized that he was operating. And the prophet brings it out. The Lord did tell him to go, but it was his permissive will to go. Now, I have to stop here on this this little truth here because this, my brother and my sister, is where many of us will fall prey to bending a quote or bending a scripture for our own personal and as a pastor or a minister, you know, the discipline must be there. I can't bend the scripture for myself or for nobody else. And we're not interested in twisting the quote or bending the word of the Lord to make it fit 2024. Remember in 1966, 67,68, 1970, most of the pastors in the message all believed in all of the pictures. and all of the visions. I've asked them. Yes, but somehow someway because of time, because the, you know, it didn't happen the way we thought it's going to happen. So, that quote, let's don't read that one. I'm not interested in bending any scriptures, bending any quotes, twisting the truth, expanding it out so it can reach more people. Can I get a witness here, somebody? You know, God keeps his word. When it's all said and done, you got to leave from here. And when you leave from here, you don't want nothing against your record. You don't want to record something against your record where you played with God's word over a temporary high over a temporary fix over a temporary whatever advancement in your personal life. You got to stand before God. It's just a few more days. You'll be coming to one of our funerals. Keep living. You got to bury me one day. Huh? And all would I preach what it mean? What did it mean? I failed to preach that. I failed to preach that. Oh, God, help me to stay with the word. Just a few more days and we'll be out of here. Stay with God's word, not his permissive will. We want his perfect will because that's where the blessing of God is. That's where the Holy Ghost is. That's where the rapture is. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many folks are compromising today because of these few things? Can I go a little bit further? Yes. Just a few more moments. I want to get into what Balam tried to do. Balam now goes to curse God's people after God already said they were blessed. And what was he looking at? He was looking at brother so and so's attitude. He was looking at sister so and so. She's a gossiper. He's looking at this one that can't get his act together. And this one can't know how to raise his family. And this one's all messed up. this one's all messed up. And he has evidence. He has proof that these are sinners worthy to be cursed. But when God looked out over him, he didn't see none of it. All he saw was the blessing of the heritage of my son Abraham. These are Abraham's babies. These are the children of Abraham. They are righteous in my sight. I don't see any sin among them. Amen. So, let's go a little bit further. Five more minutes. All right. So, let's let's look at this for a minute. We're always looking at from when we sinned and then we've asked forgiveness from that sin and then God forgives us. And that seems to be our reference point. You know, 1992 I got baptized or 1993 I got saved or 2005 I received the Holy Ghost. Whatever it is, but before the sin, where was man? Now the seventh seal with the prophetic utterance shows us the original man. And this is the jubilee that I'm talking about. Your original inheritance that you lost is nothing here earthly. It was beyond. It was way before the foundation of the world. And brother Manam goes into this. Ain't no message like this message. I tell you that the message God hiding in simplicity. He says this here. Now when paragraph number sorry 4 95. Now, when man before he sinned, I'm closing, but don't you miss it. When man sinned, he separated himself from God and crossed a great chasm, put himself in death on this side. He left. There's no way back. Exactly. There's no way for him to get back. But then when he did, God accepted a substitute, which was a lamb or a goat or a sheep, something with blood, which Adam spoke of, Abel spoke of on the other side of the chasm. on that side. He's a son of God. He's an offspring from God. He is an inheritance of the earth. He can control nature. He can speak into existence. Why? He's a creator himself. He's an offspring of God. But when he crossed, he separated his sunship. He's a sinner by nature. He's under the hands and dominat. And God took a sacrifice, a chemical of the blood. But the blood of bulls and goats did not divorce sin. It only covers sin. If I got a red spot on my hand and cover it with white, the red spot is still there. See, it's still there. But God sent down from heaven a bleach for sin. It was the blood of his own son that when our confessed sin drops into God's bleach tried to find it again. The coloring of sin goes back through the mediators down through the time until it hits the accuser Satan and lays on him till the day of the judgment. What happens to the son? He becomes in perfect fellowship with the father again, standing on the other side of the chasm with no remembrance of sin against him. No more. There's no more stain of bleach can be seen anywhere. He is free. Hallelujah. Just as the Clorox or the ink can never be inked no more because it's broke up and sent back again. And when confessed sin is confessed and been dipped into a man or a woman that's been dipped into the blood of Jesus Christ, it kills all symptoms. And every molecule of sin goes back to the devil and laid on him to the day of the judgment where his eternal destination will be thrown into the lake of fire. And the chasm is bridged and never to come into remembrance no more. And man stands justified as a son of God. Simplicity. Brother Bam continues on and he says this here paragraph 48 4:16. He's talking about how Moses entered that spot under the blood of bulls and goats and he was able to say frogs, fleas, lies. He was able to speak into creation under the blood of bulls and goats. And he continues on verse 14, "Let there be frogs." And there wasn't a frog in the country. In an hour's time, they were 10 foot deep in places. What was it? It was God the creator hiding himself in the simple man. Now I want to ask you something. If the blood of the bull of a goat be used for bleach which can only cover could put a man in position to speak the creative word of God and bring flies into existence. Why would you stumble at the bleach of Jesus Christ blood who can speak a squirrel or something into existence? Don't you do it. Don't stumble over simplicity. Oh my. We don't stumble over it, do we? We embrace it. They say, "Oh, stay away from that." I want to know what you staying away from. Pull it out. Let me see it. If it's a quote, I want to say amen to it. Let me get my hands on it. Let me highlight it. Brother Bobby, highlight it with the yellow pen. Then grab my pink one and highlight it. Then grab a blue one and highlight and say, "Amen." Oh, every time I'm highlighting, there's none of this stumbles us. Huh? We enjoy. We embrace it. Why? I'm not talking about when I was a sinner and I was out in the hood doing the things I shouldn't have been doing. I'm talking about before the hood ever existed. Where was I? Who were you before the sin? We were sons and daughters of God of the most high God. And when he justifies us, he pulls us past forgiveness over into justification where we never even did it. Nowhere in the memories of God. How many love the Lord today? Amen. We love the Lord. Let me close here. I'll read one more portion of quotes. All right. Let me read this last little part here. Okay. You need some water? We'll bring it to you. Sit right there just real quick. All right. All right. Hear what the prophet said in the message justified. You never done it in the first place in the invisible union of the bride of Christ. Paragraph 225. Just a little bit about now you're not only forgiven. Now verse two 224. Now your name is now in the new book. Not the book of life, but the lamb's book of life, but the Lamborghini. Not the old book of your nature union, natural union, but your new bride. Hallelujah. Your new life is in the lamb's book of life, your marriage certificate. Hallelujah. Where your true eternal germ from the beginning takes hold. Now you're not only forgiven, but you're justified. Glory. Justified. Romans 5:1 says said, "Therefore, being justified by faith, look up the word." So I did. Amen. Amen. He said, "Look up the word." The word don't mean forgiven. The word means justified. It don't mean you're forgiven. For instance, you heard I got drunk and done some evil things and everything. Then you come around and say to me, "You found out I didn't do them." Then you come around and say, "Brother Brandom, I forgive you. Forgive me. I didn't do it at the first place." See, now if you did do it, I'm guilty. But you could forgive me. I wouldn't be guilty. But yet, I'm not justified because I actually done it. But the word justified is though you never done it. Amen. It's not even regarded at all. How is it done in God's book of the sea of forgetfulness? Your old book of marriages, divorce and dead. It's not even in the memories of God. Amen. You're justified. Therefore, being justified, it was accused. You was accused. You never done it in the first place. Oh my. That was that's heavy to embrace, but it is the word of the Lord. And Satan with my carnal mind doesn't want me to embrace this. But this is what the word says. Justified as though you never done it in the first place. You didn't do it. Not guilty. You didn't do it. Never even happened. Can I receive that today? Lord, help us to receive it. The word justified as though you never done it. You are standing completely justified as though you never did it at the beginning. This is my message to the church. Now, how many like that? How many like that message? Oh, the message don't make you sad. The message makes you glad. This is my message to the church. You never done it in the first place. But look what brother so look what brother so and so. He's supposed to be a preacher. He's supposed to be an elder. He's supposed to be a deacon. Look what he did. Look what he did. God look and say, "I don't see nothing. I ain't see nothing. All I see is the blood. Amen. Blood of my son. Therefore, being justified by faith, we have peace with God. His our iniquities and our sins, we he remembers no more. Now, if he doesn't remember them, what do you think you should be doing if the mind of Christ is in you? The mind of Christ is he doesn't remember your sins once they've been placed. Now remember, you got to go through the process of forgiveness. You can't just skip to justified. There is a forgiveness process that's through Calvary. Amen. Amen. I have the quotes on that. When you're when you've done wrong and you've done sin and you haven't and you know you've done wrong and you won't make it right. Brother Brandham calls that iniquity. There sins and iniquity. He holds that iniquity against you because you haven't repented. And God's not going to repent for you. You have to repent for yourself. You have to come to within yourself. Lord, forgive me for this sin. Then he forgives you for your sins. And if your name's written on the lamb's book of life, it goes further than just forgiven. It goes to justification that you never done it in the first place because he has no crimes against you held against you. Wow. I wonder what that thing what that thought is like to really think I never even done it in the first place. But that's our original inheritance and that's the direction that we're going. Lord, please help us. Help us, Lord. Amen. To embrace that, to receive that, that the Lord Jesus doesn't see our sins once they've been placed in the precious blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Once we have confessed those sins, he doesn't hold us hold it against us anymore. Said he will write the laws in their hearts and in their minds and their iniquities I will remember no more. How many's grateful for that? Thankful for that. That's not just a salvation message now. That's being made justified. God bless you if the musicians would come. That's being made just. Being made righteous. He makes you [Music] righteous. My Lord, please help me to embrace my inheritance that belongs to me today. I bless you. Let us pray. I should play something softly there tonight. Brother Perry, Benny Perry, I believe, will be with us from South Carolina. He's in the city there of Phoenix and he he'll come by our our way, the Lord willing. Pastor Benny Perry, let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on the word of God today. Lord, that this truth would settle into our heart and in our mind. That you wrote, you write your laws in our minds and in our hearts. A new covenant, a better way, better promises, true hearts. Oh God, that's our desire today. May you bless your people that's gathered here today and the other places they're gathered gathered, Lord. And may they receive this truth of the word that's been revealed or open to us because of the seventh seal. And the enemy is trying to lower our standards. But there is no word like the seven seal word that's been open to us. It doesn't exist anywhere else except for Revelations 10:7. We know the voice has the release for justification for the true bride. It washes us by your word, Lord. And may we climb up higher into those realms today. Rise up in our faith, Lord. moving from just what Balam had to really going into the perfect will of God. Oh Lord, we don't want to just be anointed and blessed. As many of the children of Israel, they were blessed, but they were lost. Many of them. But there was a Joshua and Caleb, there were some young people under the age of 20 that you had your covenant with them. Oh God, we are those people today. Lord, we are part of the covenant people that believe and receive every word. Lord, we just commit each one into your hands. Lord, we labor with all of our heart. Some things are said that causes us harsh or hurt feelings, things in our life, things that are sent to our way, Lord, and it burdens us. It bothers us. We're only human beings and we hurt. And but Lord, a message like this raises us up out of any kind of hurt or depression, any kind of oppression, any kind of past shackle that the devil had against us. Lord, this seven seal opening to me, to your people, makes this Bible a new book to us. Romans 5:1 is new to me. It's new to us. May you grant it, Lord Jesus. Bless every heart. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Magnify your name. Heart is filled with praise. Love you, Lord. Said I love you. He care for me special way. And I praise you. I lift you up. Magnify your name. name. That's why my heart is filled with your praise. My heart and my mind and my heart, my mind and my soul belongs to you. paid the price for me that day on Calvary. And I praise you and I lift you up. Oh, why my heart is filled with praise. My heart and my mind with all your heart. Won't you sing it? And my heart and my mind, my soul belongs to you, Lord. You paid the price. Yes, you did. Oh, and I praise you, Lord. I lift you up. magnify your name. That's why my heart is filled with praise. That's why my heart. Oh, that's why my heart is filled. My heart is filled with your praise. That's why my heart is filled with praise. Amen. Don't you love the Lord today? Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Yes. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. He's the lily of the valley. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Oh, everybody ought to know. who Jesus is. Let's stand and sing that. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to [Music] know who Jesus is. He's the lily. Oh, he's the lily of the valley. Oh, he's the bright and morning star. I'm so glad that he's the barest of 10,000. And everybody [Music] ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Hallelujah. Everybody ought to know. How you ought to know. Oh, everybody ought to know who Jesus is. Oh, he the lily [Music] of the bright and star. [Music] We have another verse up there. He's the healer of How many's ever been healed by the power of God of my body? He's the savior of my soul. So glad he's the Holy Ghost baptized. Glory. Hallelujah. And everybody on the He's the healer. The healer. He He the healer of my body. [Music] He's the savior of my soul. And he's the Holy Ghost baptizer. Everybody ought to know. One more time. Everybody. Everybody ought to know. There. Let me hear you sing it. Oh, who Jesus is. Everybody. Everybody ought to know. Yes. Everybody ought to know. Everybody ought to know. Oh, Jesus is He's the lily of the valley. [Music] He's bright and morning star. So glad that he stopped very softbody. [Music] He's the lily and he's the li of all of my valley and he's he's my bright and morning star. [Music] How everybody are. He's my healer. My healer. Yes, he the healer of my body. I'm so glad. He saved my soul. He saved my soul. He the Holy Ghost. [Music] Yeah. Everybody ought to know. Amen. Let's give God some praise. Put those hands together and praise the Lord. Put those hands and give the Lord a clap offering. Just clap, clap, clap. Lord, you're worthy. A clap offering to you, Lord Jesus. Oh my. I'm justified, sanctified, baptized with the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. And the reason we have a praise is because of this word that's come down in this day. God richly bless each of you. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. We'll go down go to the Lord in prayer. We'll ask our brother Joel Jensen to come and dismiss us in a word of prayer. Amen. Yes. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Father, for some of it, some of us, Lord, has been a short journey. Others 40, 50 years or more. Lord [Laughter] [Music] [Music] Oh Jesus. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. [Music] [Music] of our [Music] Lord. Father, sometimes there's not words to express it. We're grateful, Lord, that of all the billions of people on planet Earth, you put a special divine call in our lives. [Music] And Lord, you said I'll never lose a one of [Music] them. And Father, we thank you for reminding us this morning the food you gave us justified. justified. We cease from our labors. There's a rest in Christ. There's no more struggle. Oh God, as your servant, Lord, I pray for Shalom Tabernacle that you will take take us in deeper depths and higher heights. That Lord, you will take us into a place before you. That Lord, we can truly say when you go to that place, the book of Acts is being manifested. The glory of God is resting on the people because they've learned to humble themselves. They've learned to get small so Lord, you can big. And we want Mama Eagle to wave her wings over the nest. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh dear God, we thank you for your sweet presence, Lord. What would we do without it? We're going to leave for a little while and let Lord come back for communion foot washing. And Lord, as we do that, we just pray that the spirit of Melzdc will come while we do foot wash and communion. And Lord, there'll be a supernatural happening. But that's why we come here, Lord. We don't want to come just on an intellectual basis or come be see what we're dressed at, but we want to be with you. We want you to we welcome. And Lord, you know, you are not just a welcome guest, but you are King of Kings and Lord of Lords. You are the great I am. You're the lily of the valley. You're the bright and morning star. You're the rose of Sharon. You're the fourth one in the [Music] fire and we love you. We love you, Lord Jesus. And I just ask, Lord, as we're dismissed that you'll bless each person that is here in Jesus precious name. Amen. Thank you, Mel. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. Amen. There are people almost everywhere. Hearts are all on flame with a fire that fell across burn and made them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come, my brother, seek this blessing. Come, my brother, seek this blessing that will keep your heart from sin. It will start the joy bells ringing. Keep your soul on flame. It is burning down in my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. I'm so glad. I'm so glad. I can say I'm one of them. I'm glad about it. One of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Glory. Hallelujah. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of one more time with all your heart. One of them. One of them. One of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Tell somebody I'm one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of I'm so glad. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of I'm so glad. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Shake somebody's hand and tell them one of them. God bless you. Yes, I'm one of them. Oh, amen. Yes, sir. I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. God bless you. Oh, glad I can say I'm one of them. God bless you. God be with you. There are people Where whose hearts are all on flame with the fire that fell at Pentecost and then make them clean. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes. Yes. I'm one of them. God bless you. You're dismissed. one of them. [Music] Oh, I'm one of them. One of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And though these people may not learn to be or boast of worldly fame, they have all received the Holy Ghost baptized in Jesus name and are telling now both far and wide. Power is yet the same. I'm so glad. [Music] Oh, yes I am. I'm not ashamed about it. I can't say I'm one of them. Glory. Glory. One of them. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Glad I can say I'm one of them. Oh, and they were gatherred in the upper room all praying in his name. When baptized with the Holy Ghost, powerful service came. Now, what it did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. Oh, for the rest of my life, I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Hallelujah. So glad I can say I'm one of I'm so glad. I'm so glad I can say I'm with all your heart. I'm so glad. Glad I can say I'm one of them. Hallelujah. By the grace of God. Amen. God bless you richly. Amen. Service tonight at 5. One of them. One of them. Yes, I'm one of them. Hannah. [Music] one up [Music] there. I'm so glad I [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
