################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - Sunday Morning 06-29-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   Sunday Morning 06-29-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wt3BbUgWaBg
========================================

[Music] [Music] Good morning everyone. Can we all stand? God bless everyone richly. We're going to be continuing with the Philadelphiaian church age from Revelation 3 verse 7-13. We're going to start at paragraph 146 and end after 194. Let's all pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful to be here this morning. Thank you, Lord, for the faithful, Lord. We desire to hear your word, Father, and hear from heaven this day, Lord. And we're asking all your blessing on the Sunday school classes, everything that would be said and done. Amen. Lord, as we listen to this Philadelphiaian church age, Father, it speaks of an open door that we know is the revelation of your deity, Lord, and who you are. And we're thankful for that supreme deity, Father, that you opened our eyes to Lord Jesus. And it's only you, Father. Not a revelation of another, but just you. And so we're grateful, oh God. be with everyone that may be traveling and may be on the way. And Father, let us have eyes to see, Lord, and ears to hear this morning. And we'll give you the praise for it all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Can we sing only believe? Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Holy be. You may be seated, brother Brandham. Don't say, "Well, I slip around this way." There's a man one time slipped around and got in another way. Do you know that? You ever read the parable of it? There's a man slipped around, got in the other way. Now, I'm the or at the wedding supper. We pick it up in the morning. At the wedding supper, how that man got in there. We'll try to take that in the morning. I was going to sit down. I'm going to let it go in the morning. How that man got into that place from the wedding supper or for the wedding supper. All right. Straight is the gate, narrow is the way. Water is the gate, the entrance unto the Lord God. I have set the open door. I have the keys. I'm the only one can open it. I'm the only one can reveal it. I have the keys. Amen. Is that right? Amen. Then no man can come to me except my father draws him and all the father has given me will come to me. No man can be saved only through Jesus Christ. Not through any church, any organization, any bishop, pope, just through Jesus Christ. He has a key. He's the only one. The keys of what? David. The future coming millennium where he'll sit on the throne of David. I have the keys of David. Amen. I'll open this door and nobody can shut it. Nobody can open it but me and nobody can shut it to me. How can it be? How can a man know he is a Christ until he's revealed himself to him? He reveals himself. He has the key. He can open it or leave it alone. See, I have the key to the door. I am the door. I am the way. I am the truth. I am the light. I am the alpha. I am the omega. I am the first and the last. I am the father. I am the son. I am the holy ghost. I am not I was or will be. I am. That I am the whole thing. I am not I was or will be. I am. That means living presence for eternity. I am always was, always will be. I am now as though always was and always will be. See, he he just I am have the keys of David to the kingdom. No man can shut it. The seventh verse proves that. All right. That he has the keys of David. No man can shut. Now, let's see what the next thing is. For thou has a little strength. Oh said to this little group down here, you got just a little strength now. What does that mean? Just like a man that's been dead and kind of shaking himself. Coming to life, reviving up a little. Amen. Coming to life. You've come out of them old dead creeds and everything. You begin come to life a little bit. Shaking yourself. Kind of waking yourself up. You got a little strength, but I'll set a door before you now. Amen. As soon as it come out of of Lutheranism and papalism and all those other isms and and Methodistism and everything, he said, "I put a door before you now. You got a little strength. What are you going to do about it?" It's set before you. You can walk in or walk out. Either one you want to. The door is set before you. You've got a little strength. Just come into life. You're just beginning. So it was with the early church. Notice at the end of the leady age went back to works again. Now if you notice over here to to show that this church is between these two if you get over into the lady of sin age or the lady of sin church age I know thy works right the end of the lady age what was it thy works in a seat where Satan's at what was the seed of Satan see went right straight back into denomination again you semblies of God and Pentecostal oneness and church of God oh don't you see brethren what you've done you went right straight back to the thing that God hated Amen. Break up brotherhood. Look at the Assemblies of God. Some of the finest people in the world's in them assemblies of God. Look at that United Pentecostal church. Just as fine as you ever met in your life. Look at the church of God. And because of those organizations, they fuss and squealing and fussing one another and call one another buzzers and rat den. Well, it's a disgrace. One thing God hates is sewing discord among brethren. That's right. Organizations is what does it sows discord among brethren. We should be standing the bricks and saying we are brothers. We are not divided. All one body. We one in hope and doctrine. Doctrine of the Bible. One in charity. I like that old song. Onward Christian soldier. Yes sir. The end of the ladies s went back to works again. Our Pentecostal denominations went back to the denomination. Let's get verse 15. I got here verse 15 of Revelation 3 and see if that isn't right. Revelations 3 and um and uh or let's see if I wrote that down right. Revelations Oh, no. No, I I wrong. Verse 15. It's a verse 15 of this same chapter shows the same thing down here. Yeah. I know thy works that are neither cold or hot. I know thy works. So they went back to their first thing again. Went back with their strength and went back to the Pentecostal denominations. The fifth verse of u of the same chapter. All right. Uh between the two ages they got a little strength between the two denominational nickelian doctrinal age. Now when the Lutheran year had formed went back into the nickelian the great archbishops and so forth. Then along come Wesley, they form the archbishop of Canterbury and all these different great all of that in the churches and so forth and in that age. Then over here in the Pentecostal, they go right back to the same thing again. All the great denominations, the doctrine of the nickelians. But between these two ages, he opened the door and give the church a little strength to revive it enough that they shake his head. Look out and see where it was at. Amen. Get the revelation. Amen. You didn't see anything knocked out, you know, and first thing shake his head and look around and shake his head. By the way, I was dreaming about that last night. Charlie had thought a shot of squirrel knocked him off a limb and I seen an old woman over there. Oh, was she ever angry with me? She's going to come get me. This squirrel had a little white spring around his neck. That little thought shook his head too many times, looked at me and he took off as hard as he could go. Right back to the woods. You know that old woman might miss the church. Amen. She tried to stomp me. I got away from her somehow. Huh? But uh oh, just a little life. Enough to know to to uh I know I went down the street and she's going to cut me off down there and I turn my phone around so quickly I had a trailer back up. Flipped the whole thing around and cut off the other way. Keep her from just did get by. Now you have a little strength left. So you want to use the strength to really turn about faith between the two denomination. Do you notice kept his word? Watch the next verse here. Now you have a little strength and it's kept my word. Kept my word. That's how they got the strength. That's how they got the revelation. The one that got a hold of the Bible when Luther printed the Bible and come down through the westerly age and so forth. They got a hold of kept the word and seen the revelation of Jesus Christ being God made flesh among us and the water baptism in the name of Jesus. So they went right into her. Amen. There you are. They they got his name. Amen. See, why it's just as plain as plain to read a newspaper just and you can't deny cuz right here it is figured right here in the Bible and here it is right here and we got it's a history it's exactly where the Pentecostal church started got its name about 198 10 12 somewhere along there it begin to fall now or has not denied the name has not denied my name now I like that has got the got the keys to David. Now he can keep his word and and put you into the kingdom. His name had been revealed. They got out of the church that had a name that they were dead. And now they got into the church that's got the name that is got life. Come out of the dead. Father, son, holy spirit name of father, son, holy spirit. That don't even make sense. Amen. See, it's give there for a revelation. His whole book is wrote on revelation. That's what it is. He reveals himself. Now, he said, "Go baptize the people in the name of the father, son, holy ghost." Matthew 28:19. Now, what one of them names you going to use? Now, most of the trinitarian people baptize in the name of the father, in the name of the son, in the name of the holy ghost. That's not even scriptural. Ask anybody say it's in the name sang or not names. name. Name of the father and the son and holy ghost. See? All right. Father is not a name. Son is not a name. Holy Ghost is not a name. So what is it? Something dead. There's no name to it. But through those dead titles by the life of Christ, it reveals. And Peter must have had the he was standing right there with the keys of of the kingdom of heaven in his hand. And the kingdom is the Holy Ghost. Hanging on his side, the keys of the kingdom are always the revelation because Jesus told him, "Oh, brother." Don't you see that? Peter was the one that was blessed with the revelation of truth. There he was standing right there and he heard Jesus say, "Go ye therefore teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Peter turned around and said, "Lord, I sure got the keys here. I got the revelation what that meant cuz I know father's no name, son's no name, and Holy Ghost no name, but I know what that name is. I baptize you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Right now, it's like if you reading a love story and that's the last book of Matthew, last part of Matthew. If you picked up a love story, some of you ladies, I know you don't do it. See, but if you did when he was a sinner, see, you picked up the story down to, you know, his little old girl and picked up this story and said, "John and Mary lived happily ever after." Huh? Who's John and Mary? Now, there's only one way if you know who John and Mary is. That's go back to the first book and read it. Is that right? Well, then in the last book of Matthew, the last verse that Jesus said, "Go ye therefore teach all nations baptizing them in the name of the father and of the son and the holy ghost, teaching them to observe whatever I've commanded them." Now, if if father's no name and son's no name and holy ghost is no name, you better go back first of the book. See, now if we go back to the first book, first chapter of Matthew, you find this. I just like to give this little illustration kind of might be somebody here that's never seen. Watch this. This is the father. This is the son. And this is the holy ghost. Now watch closely. Father, son, holy ghost. That's what Jesus said. Matthew 28:19. Is that right? Father, son, holy ghost. Now who is this? Father. Listen class. Father. Holy Ghost. Son. Now who's this? Holy Ghost. Who's this? Who's this? Son. All right. Now this was the father of who? Jesus Christ. Is that right? Now Matthew the 1st chapter 28 verse. Let's read it. We take the love story now and see what it reads like. Lord we see who who this fellow was of that he said go baptize him in the name of the father and of the son and holy ghost. All right. Now the first chapter of Matthew starts out with the genealogy. the book of the generations of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham. Abraham got Isaac, I got Jacob, and on and on on and on on down till it comes to the the 18th verse. Now you see go ahead down here to the 17th verse. And so all the generations from Abraham to David were 14 generations and from David until the carrying away of Babylon 14 generations and carried away of Babylon of Christ for 14 generations. Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise. When his mother Mary was expoused to Joseph, are you reading behind me? Amen. Listen close. When his mother Mary was expoused to Joseph, she was found with a before they came together, she was found with a child of God the father. Does that read like that? Found with a child of what? I thought somebody said this was his father. Now if the Holy Ghost is one person and the father is another person, then he had two fathers. What you got? I legitimate child. Oh, he said it slipped up for me to misprint there. All right. And Joseph, her husband, being a just man, not and not willing to make her a public example, was minded to put her away privately. But while he thought on these things, behold, the angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, saying, Joseph, thou son of David, fear not to take unto thee, Mary, thy wife, for that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost, the two or three witnesses, let every word be established. Amen. The Holy Ghost was his father. Well, he said God was his father. Amen. Now, if there were two different people, which one was his father? See where you get yourself? You just hang yourself right out in the middle of midair. Amen. Now you've got to say that the Holy Ghost is God himself. It's the Holy Spirit which is God. Amen. Now you got two now instead of three. All right. All right. 21st verse. That which is conceived in her. Who who was one conceived this? The Holy Ghost. All right. and she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name name Jesus, for he shall save his people from their sins. All this was done. Now all this was done that it might be fulfilled which is spoken of the Lord by the prophet saying, "Behold, a virgin shall be with child and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, being interpretated God with us." Amen. What was his name? Amen. Now, who is John lived happily ever after? What is the name of the father, son, and holy ghost? When Jesus was born on earth, he was Christ the Lord. At his circumcision eight day later, his mother gave him the name and his father gave him the name of Jesus. He was Jesus Christ the Lord Jesus Christ. Then he was Lord when he was born he was Christ the Lord. And then when he received his name with Jesus that made him Jesus Christ the Lord. Amen. That's exactly what was revealed to Peter. You know who John and Mary was when he said go baptize in the name of father, son, holy ghost. So it could be revealed because Jesus know that Peter had the gift of revelation. He know because it already been revealed to him by the spirit above. And when God sees that a man can receive revelations from above, he can trust that man do something with him when it's revealed to him because he said no man can reveal this but his father. God's the only one who can reveal it. He know Peter and was in contact with the spirit. So he Peter knowed the revelation and then he went up there and said repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for remission of his sins. Now just a few days before that Jesus told Peter the same time when he told him who the revelation was upon this rock I'll build my church and gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I say thou art Peter and I'll give thee the keys oh the keys to the kingdom. Praise the Lord. I'll give you the keys. Whatever you bind on earth, I'll bind it in heaven. What you loose on earth, I'll loose in heaven. Then on the day of Pentecost at the inauguration of the church, 10 days after Jesus said, go baptized in in the name of the father, son, holy ghost, Peter by spiritual revelation. No, there was no such a thing as name of father, son, holy ghost. When nobody else taught that to a Catholic age. Amen. And every person's baptized in the name of father, son, holy ghost is actually baptized in the Catholic faith. Amen. Right? Not in Christian baptism. There was reference. Now on the day of Pentecost, they were all filled with the Holy Ghost and speaking in tongues and and acting like they were drunk. And they were drunk. They were drunk on new wine. The new wine had come from heaven out of Canaan and above. And when they were all screaming and shouting and acting like they were drunk and so forth, Peter stood up in the midst of them and told them that they were not drunk, but they were they were this was that that the prophet had said would come to pass. He poured out his spirit. And now they they said, "Man and brethren, what can we do?" Man and brethren, what can we do? That's the question. How are we going to get it? Amen. Who's got the keys? Come here, Simon. You got the keys. Well, I'm going off your side. What are you going to say? I remember Jesus Christ said, "If you abide on earth, I'll abide in heaven." If you loosen on earth, I'll loose in heaven. If he's God, he has to keep his word. Amen. Amen. Now you Catholic priest, show me your forgiveness of sins. A Catholic priest told me one time said, "Didn't Jesus say, "Whoever sins you remit to them, they're remitted." That's what he said it. "Whoever sins you retain, to them, they're retained." Yeah, that's whoever you forgive, they're forgiven. Whoever you don't forgive, they're not forgiven. I said, "That's correctly what it said." He said, "Then didn't Christ give his church, which we are his church, the power to forgive sins on earth." Certainly did. I said, "Now, if you'll forgive him the same way that they forgive him, I'll go with you." Amen. I said, "How' they forgive him?" They tell him, "Go do an Oveni or something way you do." No, sir. Peter said, "Repent." Amen. Amen. Repent every one of you. Amen. And be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins. And then you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The key went click on earth and went click in heaven. That's it. That's the reason when Paul met some had already been baptized for the same man had baptized Jesus. He said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" He said, "We know that there be a Holy Ghost." He said, "The what?" You take the Greek word said, "How was you baptized?" They said unto John. Said, "That won't work anymore." Heaven's done closed. Come be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. So they heard this. They were baptized over again in the name of Jesus Christ. And when they did, Paul laid his hands on them. The Holy Ghost came upon them. He spoke in tongues and prophesied. Oh, brother. That's back in the beginning. That's exactly that's the open door that was set right here. Geographically, it's right. The evening lights and every scripture in the Bible leads right to it. We could stand here for hours and we got 15 more minutes time about 35 different comments to make here. We'll get them in the morning if we don't get them tonight. All right. Now, all right. and no man shutth it. Or thou has a little strength and has kept my word. All right. And has not denied my name. [Music] Oh yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, Oh, [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Are you [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up, every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Yes. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load, the more that I release my cares, the more I take control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up every day. Let's stand as we sing that one more time to him. [Music] Yes. The more that I surrender, the lighter my love. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. [Music] Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see the beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. And here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together love. [Music] All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. Oh king of all days. King of all days. Oh so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake became born. [Music] Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. You're all together wonderful to me. Sing that one more time. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. You're all together wonderful to me. So here I am to worship. Oh Lord, here I am to worship. Tell him one more time, Lord, that's why I'm here. Here I am to worship. Amen. Amen. Brother Ly, would you open our service this morning with a word of prayer? We come to this house to worship you Lord Jesus Christ. We want to hear your word and learn some more about your word. Bless us. Bless the musician and the song leader in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Just sing that chorus one more time. Yes. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow. Here I am to say you're my God. You are all together lovely. All together worthy. All together one of me. Yes, here I am to worship. I need you more, Lord. More than yesterday. I need you more. more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you more. I need How many can say that? Tell him that one more time. I need you more, Lord, more than yesterday. I need you all, Lord. So much more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, more than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing, more than the next heartbeat, more than anything. And Lord, as time goes by, I'll be by your side. Cuz I never want to go back to my old life. [Music] I need you more. More than yesterday. I need you more, Lord. So much more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. more. I need you more. [Music] I need you more. Amen. You can be seated if you'd like. [Music] You saw me in my knee. You paid the price for me. Through your love, I have been set free. Now I'm not the same. Now I am not the same. You took my sin and shame. You took my sin and shame. Forever I will bless your holy name. Oh, I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. [Music] Oh, I adore you. I adore you. Jesus, you mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. Let's sing that one more time. You saw me in my need. [Music] You saw me in my You paid the price for me. Through your love, I have been set free. How many can say this morning, I'm not the same. Oh, I am not the same. You took my sin and shame forever. I will bless your holy name. Lord, I adore you. I adore you, oh lamb of God, savior, prince of peace. Oh, I adore you. I adore you. Jesus, you mean all the world to me. I adore. Let's sing that chorus one more time. Oh, I adore you. I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. Oh, I adore you. Oh, I adore you, Lord. Tell him one more time. Oh, I adore you, Lord. And there's power in the name of Jesus. There's power in the name of Jesus. us whenever we say his name. Things begin to change. There's power in the name of the Lord. Sing that one more time. There's power in that name. There's power in the name of Jesus. Yes, there is power in the name of Jesus. Whenever we say his name, things begin to change. There's power in the name. Amen. There's healing in that name. There's healing in the name of Jesus. Oh, there's healing in the name of Jesus. Whenever we say his name, things begin to change. There's healing in the name. Amen. And there's deliverance in that name. There is deliverance in the name of Jesus. There's deliverance in the name of Jesus. [Music] Whenever we say his name, things begin to change. Deliverance in the name. One more time. Thankful for that power in his name this morning. There's power in the name of Jesus. There's power in the name of Jesus. Whenever we say his name, things begin to change. There's power in the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. just like to share something that has been uh going through my mind the last week. I was reading a little devotional book and came across something that uh Hudson Taylor had said and how many have heard of Hudson Taylor missionary to the AA Indians and um we're had this on my heart and the first song we're singing here I am to worship but talk about how Christ all for love's sake became poor and Hudson Taylor was was born in a wealthy family I believe he was going to medical school and felt the call to be a missionary and just like you know I just going to have to be a big change for me in in my life and my expectations, but I need to get to where I just completely depend on God. And I remember reading his um his biography and one time before he left um England, he's like, I need to get to where God proves himself just like with David where he killed the lion and the bear before he's ready to take on Goliath. And he was like, I need to be able to trust God. So he was working for a guy and the the man that he was working for it knew the family well and but the guy was a good boss but he didn't pay on a regular basis and he would pay but maybe two three months would go by like Hudson I'm sorry I forgot to pay you. Here's your wages for the last three months. Well that can be difficult to pay your bills if you have monthly bills or get groceries every day. Um, and so Hudson was like, "You know what? I am going to," his boss told him, "Look, if I forget, just tell me." And so it was just a little thing, but Hudson said, "You know, I'm I'm going to I'm going to just take God at his word that he will he's he's he's my provider and I'm going to believe that and I need to be able to trust on him and not take matters into my own hands." So, he just purposed in his heart, I'm not going to ask my boss for the money regardless of how badly I need it. And so, um, his rent was due and he was like, "Okay, today is due and Lord, I I I don't want to be your servant and and have this reputation that I'm not able to to pay my bills." And so he's uh he's at work, half an hour left in the day. And and you know, his boss, you know, Hudson's like, "Okay, God, you know, I'm waiting on you." And about a half an hour left. He says, "Hudson, it's been a while since I paid you, hadn't it?" And he, "Yes, sir. Well, it's" He says, "Well, I'll take I'll take care of that Monday." It was a Friday. And um he's like, "Okay." You know, that's God's going to provide somehow. And so he um um he left and and later that evening after dinner he's walking down the street he runs into his boss Hudson. He says come here. He says after you left somebody came and paid us in cash for you know a large bill that was owed. So here I have your wages here for the last three months and paid him a couple hours left in the day but he was able to go and pay his rent before. So, you know, he um he left a comfortable lifestyle and one of the quotes that we're so acquainted with was with Hudson Taylor was that one that said, "He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain that which he cannot lose." So, he gave up his earthly possessions and traded it in for for eternal life for the exceedingly great riches that Paul talks about. And um so that's the that's the quote that we're so familiar with. But I I came across another one this week and just thinking about the mountains in our life and the tests and the trials that pastor's been talking to us about the tutors that that that children had back in in Bible days and how that the Holy Spirit is our tutor today. And and and God loves to test his children. And um so just you know along those lines I was reading this little devotional and this was what Hudson Taylor said about he says in every he says there are three stages in every great work of God. First it is impossible then it is difficult then it is done. And that just that just hit home with me. First it's impossible, then it's difficult, and this is then it's done. Think of Mount Everest. You know, 150 years ago, people looked at it impossible, could never be climbed. People tried it, they lost their lives. Today, there's hundreds, sometimes there's a hundred in a day that climb it. And so, you know, it's just a matter of perspective, but from God's perspective, it's done. It's finished. And I'm just I'm so thankful for that. So, Before we brought the prayer request, I just wanted to to to share that. And and then one one other thing that just struck me this morning um was along those same lines. This is the front of our of our bulletin. And we see this so much. Be still and know that I am God. But I just want to go with you into the Psalm 46. And maybe we could just read that because that's a psalm not about we always, you know, I I grew up, you walk into church, be still and know that I'm God. Be still and I know that I'm God. And it's like, let's be reverent. Let's be quiet. But in context of that chapter, God is talking about all of the awesome things that he's done, that he will do, that he can do. and he's saying, you know, just sit back and watch because I'm an awesome God. And so I I think as we come into church and we see this, don't look at it as, you know what, I'm here to be quiet. No, I'm here because we serve an awesome God and he specializes in things thought impossible. So just maybe we can just read this and just maybe it'll change your thinking a little bit about this verse. It did mine when I when I took it into context. says, "God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Therefore will not we fear, though the earth be removed." I'm going to just stay with on there. Uh, and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea, though the waters thereof roar and be troubled, though the mountains shake with the swelling thereof, seal, there is a river, the streams whereof shall make glad the city of God, the holy place of the tabernacles of the most high. God is in the midst of her. She shall not be moved. God shall help her. And that right early, the heathen raged, the kingdoms were moved. He uttered his voice. The earth melted. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. Cila, come behold the works of the Lord. What desolations he hath made in the earth. He maketh wars to cease unto the end of the earth. He breakth the bow and cutth the spear and sunder. He burneth the chariot and the fire. Be still and know that I am God. I will be exalted among the heathen. I'll be exalted in the earth. The Lord of hosts is with us. The God of Jacob is our refuge. So the whole thing is talking about how God is with us. And just just watch. Look at the impossible things that he's done. And so be still and know that I am God. He is God. He doesn't never change. He's the same yesterday, today, forever. Amen. So let's just stand together this morning. As the brother Joe Galante comes to bring the request to us, you just want to think of the Mount Everest in your life, what you think is impossible. God's already said is done, but we'll just sing that chorus. God, any rivers you think are uncrossable? God in any rivers you think car uncrossable God any mountains that you can't tunnel through God specializes in things thought impossible. And he will do what no other power can do. [Music] God bless everyone. Got to give you a Sunday school report today was we had 10 children, nine Bibles and $4. And we have a prayer request or two here. Let me give you a praise report first. Sister Lorie Snow will be coming home this week. So, praise God. Amen. [Music] And we we see brother Robert Figareroa here. So we thank thank God for that. Amen. From Sister Kama Figareroa. Um Eloise is going flying to Canada for her camp this Wednesday. So let's pray for that. The whole camp in fact the Pole family. And um I know there's always more, but that's what we've got for this morning. But can we all bow our heads and pray? Father, we're thankful that there's healing in the name of Jesus today, Lord. And all that you have done for us, Father, Lord, your word is true, Lord, that we can prevail in prayer. And anything we ask of the Father, in your name, you'll do it. Lord, we're just grateful in our hearts. Father, be with Sister Eloise. and the camp that she's going to, Lord, in all safety, Lord, for every young person that'll be there, all the workers, Father, Lord, may may you become new to everyone. May you save, Lord, and heal and deliver and fill with your spirit, Lord. And everything uh Sister Eloise needs, we pray that you would just grant it, Father. Thank you, Lord, for what you've done with Sister Snow. Lord, Brother Snow, Brother Robert here. Lord, we thank you for the Pole family, Lord. Keep them safe, Lord, as they would be traveling back tomorrow. Lord, we pray today's meetings would be a great blessing there in Canada also. Thank you for their lives, Lord, and their dedication, Lord, the whole family, Lord, and the music ministry. Father, Lord, for everyone here today that may have some something on their heart, Lord, we pray that you'd meet them in a special way, Lord, as the word comes forth, Lord, that you just quicken it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we'll thank you for it. Amen. Amen. Oh, there is nothing. [Music] Oh, there's nothing there is nothing that my God can do. [Music] Miracles [Music] and wonder. There is nothing, no nothing that my God can do. Amen. You can be seated. I don't know that we've sung this song as a congregational, but the words for it. Joy knows it. I know it. Just follow along and and it'll be a blessing to you. Think of the words. If you don't know it, just read the words and it'll encourage you. So, Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, your perfect love is casting out fear. [Music] And even when I'm caught in the middle of the storms of this life, I won't turn back. I know you are near and I will fear no evil [Music] for my God is with me. And if my God is with [Music] me, whom then shall I fear? Whom then shall I fear? Oh no, you never let go through the calm and through the storm. Oh no, you never let go in every high and every low. Oh no, you never let go. Lord, you never let go of me. And I can see a light that is coming for the heart that holds on. It's a glorious light beyond all compare. And there will be an end to these troubles. But until that day comes, we'll live to know you here on the earth. And I will fear no evil. [Music] For my God is with me. And if my God is with me, then whom then shall I fear? Whom then shall I fear? [Music] Oh no, you never let go. Through the caling, through the storm. Oh no, you never let go. in every high, every low. No, you never let go. Lord, you never let go of me. Yes, I can see a light that is coming for the heart that holds on. And there will be an end to these troubles. But until that day comes, still I will praise you. Still I will praise you. Yes, I can see a life that is coming for the heart that holds on. And there will be an end to these troubles. But until that day comes, how many want to say, "Lord, but I will praise you." Still, I will praise you. Oh no, you never let go. Through the calm, through the storm. Oh no, you never let go. and every high, every low. Oh no, you never let go. Lord, you never let go of me. One more time. Oh no. Oh no, you never let go. Through the calm, through the storm. Oh no, you never let go. In every high and every low you never let go. Lord, you never let go of me. Amen. As our brother Robson comes to introduce the tape this morning, we'll just sing one more song together. This one we all know. My heart was distressed neath Jehovah's. Well, I just need to be in the right key, don't we? Stay in G. It's um I I'm singing the wrong one. That would help if I looked at the right one. We're singing He Abides and that's in the key of G. And I was singing I'm sorry. I was singing He brought me out of the myy clay. We're going to sing He Abides and it is in the key of G. So, all right. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. to God. All my life I see. And the reason of my bliss, the secret all is this, that the comforter abides with me. Yes, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow. Brother Joe, as we sing the last verse, he's with me everywhere. [Music] Oh, he is with me everywhere. He knows my every care. I'm as happy as a burden, just as free. For the spirit has control. Oh Jesus sisfies my soul now the comforter of He abides. He abides. Halleluah. He abides with Let's stand and sing now this morning. rejoicing night and day as thou art and there will for the comfort of my There's no thirsting for the things of the world they've taken place long ago I gave them up instantly my night was turned to day all my burden way. Now the comfort of my me. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides in me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. for the comforter abides with me. Let's listen to him play a verse. [Music] Beise, be of us. Oh, hallelujah. Be abides with me. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise his name this morning. So good to be with each one of you. Love to be in church. Love to sing that song. Brother John. Here I am to worship. You know, we've been talking and thinking and listening and hearing about being tested and tried. He was telling my story the other day. How the devil will tell you this thing, that thing, take you through the other thing. Only the Lord allowing it though. And we're being tested because we know character is a victory. Just not a gift. I give you character today, Brother Joe. No, I've kind of had to earn it different ways. And you see the little problems and things. It's just a test. And I I just keep my test. I hear about your test, but I'm just going to keep mine because a lot of times mine seem a lot easier. And so just real thankful to be in church. We missed the pose, but just trust uh in the perfect will of the Lord this morning. And yeah, I was just touched. If you weren't here on Wednesday, make sure to listen to that. If if the Lord would give you the time, if you could take the time to do that, it'll tell teach you about those tests and how we sometimes it's the same test Brother Joe's got to go through to to make sure we're getting on track. So, do that. Listen to that. The Lord would teach you and lead you that way. And uh just been so good to be reminded of these things. Brother Rams tells us constantly we're in the last days and we know what the time piece is and people are wondering and did we successful there or not and how's Israel doing today but with the time piece reminding us to get ready. So want to do that this morning we'll be listening to Jezebel religion Elijah and talking about there's not going to be any rain till I call for it. So what would that mean today for God's people? You know, sometimes I get a little daydreamy in the back, but let's hear from heaven this morning. Something Elijah would tell us about the rain. Speaking of rain, our precious sister. So nice to hear this report of our precious sister Lori come back to the dry desert from the Seattle area and maybe she'll maybe the Lord would allow her to bring some rain our way or he would touch us this week. I think that might be in the forecast. So let him speak to you, rain on you this morning. Only believe as we go to this table. Only believe, only [Music] all things they are possible if we would only be. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only. Let's confess that we are believers this morning. Yes, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe all things are possible. Say, Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible Lord I believe. Amen. Brother Van let's remain standing just a moment while we offer God thanks today. Let's bow our hands. Gracious and holy father God, we are so glad that you are a a God and a very pleasant help in the time of trouble. We thank you for what you have done for us. We just cannot express from our hearts how we appreciate this and how you've come to our rescue when we're in trouble. We have learned through the years to trust you and believe you. And I pray this afternoon, Lord, that you'll pour your blessings upon this people. May there not be a feeble person in our midst when this service is ended. If there would be one in here who's not right with God, may the power that raised Jesus from the grave quicken their mortal bodies, Lord, in their soul and turn them to you. Granted, Lord, those without the Holy Spirit, may this be the one great day that they'll never forget. or may it be the day that God pours his spirit upon man. Granted, Lord, forgive our sins. We would pray that you would bless Brother Sullivan, our gracious and precious friend, and his thoughts for the people, and to try to bring them every possibility that he can to help them. I pray that you'll bless brother Sullivan. Bless the ministers throughout the land everywhere. Give to them exceeding abundance. Lord, may they stand gallant in the pulpit and proclaim the word of God. For we're living in the closing hours of the history of this world. Let thy goodness overshadow us in these times. For we ask it in Jesus name. Amen. We be seated. I am so grateful to you people as to God for this. Brother Sullivan tuck it up on himself. You see, it would be right for brother Sullivan to do that. So, we were fix to prepare for it. We thank you for your kindness and now for the the blood offering. If you didn't have to do that, you know, that wasn't necessary. Just uh they paid the expenses, the hotel and the food, what we had that that's all was necessary. But thank you very kindly and it'll go to help missionary and bring people to God. It won't be any cigarettes bought with it, any whiskey, nothing. It's wrong. It'll go for the right thing. And I pray that God will put that on your account up there. and multiply it by 10,000 each dollar, a penny or nickel that you gave towards this service. And now I want to thank the United States Army for letting us have this building, the setting to have these services. I certainly do thank them with all my heart and as I understand Sullivan said everything will be paid up right. We've never left a city yet on one cent what everything is taken care of. We just don't believe in anything else. Um you mustn't owe anyone. You must be square and straight. And if you owe somebody, go face them and tell them that you owe them, but just give you a little time, you'll pay. See, always that's a better that's a good mark of Christianity being honest upright. You want to live just what you talk about. If you don't live it yourself, how you expect somebody else to live it? See, so you are written epistles read of all men. So always be honest, just true. Tell the truth. No matter how bad it hurts something, tell the truth anyhow. Of course, you can always tell it the same way each time. And if you tell a lie, you'll have to go a million miles around and still you come back to that lie again and you just made an awful thing. Just be honest, and you can always tell it the same way because it's the truth. That's the way it's the Bible. Tell it just the way the Bible says it. Don't compromise with it. see it just that way. If it's written right here and and you can point your finger to this. It's that that's where you defeat Satan. Satan said to Jesus, "If thou be the son of God, let's see you perform a miracle. They say you're a miracle worker. Turn these stones to bread and let's see you're hungry." He said, "But it is written, man shall not live by bread alone." He took the father's word and defeated the devil right on his own ground. So you can do the same thing. defeat the devil on his grounds with the word of the law. Then I will always be grateful to brother Sullivan. This excuse this expression highly when they made brother Sullivan they throw away the pattern. None of you there's only one man I ever met in my life that reminded me of brother Sullivan. That was eh Howard Cable. I don't know whether he ever know him or not from the from brother Caleb was just a good old country boy like brother Sullivan and he'd stick his hands down his pocket so far to his suspenders and draw way down talking his head sideways and he was just one eh hard kid and so I'm I'm so glad to have brother Sullivan as a friend and a brother in the gospel and I pray that God will bless him and his little church up here, his precious wife, his loved ones, and to you, the other ministers that's here, to you and your congregation, full gospel preachers upon all the little technical things of the scripture, we might disagree with one another. I disagree with my wife on some things. You know what that's on? She likes apple pie and I like cherry. So we disagreed. Now I tell you what I do with mine. I like a good hot piece of cherry pie. I can stand it right now and pour butter on top of it. Then pour molasses on top of that. Or rather you got something to eat. My wife's afraid of it. I think she's afraid of the calories. she might like it, but you know how the women are. They're afraid they get so thin you could stick them with a pen, cut them to the bone, and yet they want to they want to reduce. That's the nature of them, I guess. So, and um but I like that and we disagree upon that. Other things were all right, but you see, we're not perfectly in agreement. So, we would see the same thing, brethren. But the main thing, we're eating time. That's the main heaven principally upon the baptism of the Holy Spirit in the coming of Christ and the great evangelical fundamental doctrines of the Bible. We certainly stand arm in arm with that as one big united brethren without a denominational barrier without anything to hinder us. We marched towards calary as one great army together. If I can ever be of any help to you, I'll be glad to do it. And I'm sure you'd say the same thing to me and you can be a help to me. And that's one thing you can do that I know is pray for me. That God will never let me go wrong. I I it's not in my heart to go wrong. I I want to go right. I want to do what's right because I realize as brother Jack Moore told me one time, he said, "Brother Brandon, I wouldn't stand in your boots for all your experience at the day of the judgment because God's going to require you a great answer." That because he's given you millions of people in your hands. Now, if I'm no longer going to stand there and answer for those people, then what kind of a gospel have I got to preach? What kind of a sincerity want to hold the purchase of his blood in my hands? And as he's given me a gift uh beyond a shadow doubt any sensible thinking person would know it has to come from God. And with that if I lead somebody off on the wrong path just because a certain group said that God would make me pay for it at the day of the judgment. But when I seen the vision here not long ago and heard them people scream out. Did you get your little book last night? The businessman's voice. That's good. And in the vision sometime we'll have it printed in full detail. That's not all of it. But in that and seeing that and I stood there just as just as I'm standing right now and I was looking at myself laying there on the bed watching my wife and yet standing here looking at myself and here was those people standing around like that when I said will Paul have to be judged for the gospel he preached. Said yes. I said, I preached every word just exactly the way he did and the million street out. We are resting on that. That's the way I want it to be. Want to cross everything. I want to be that way. Just like that. Just what Paul said. I want to add one thing to it. Take one thing away from it. Just what the Bible said. That's the way I want to keep it going. So, and of course you keep it like that. Denominations on every side is going to rise up a barrier against it. And then many times the brethren think that I'm against my brothers. God knows different than that. As long as he knows what's true. See, it's not against brethren. It's a system that's make us not to be brothers. It isn't the word of God keep us from being brothers. It's the system that we join into that keeps us from being brothers. That's right. So where must we stand? Stand on the word and God will draw men to it. That's right. moment that don't never organize it, denominational it just keep it though in God and just keep moving on. Just watching the end, hold steady. God will bring the rest better. There's been some many things you've done for me. I appreciate it. Now, if I can help you towards giving you a prayer cloth or something. Now don't ask me doctrine because I I don't desire to do that. So many people writes me questions about marriage and divorce and so forth which is a tangle in the church. I always refer them back and say ask your pastor. People's wrote me letters here and say what about this and what about that? I refer the letter back. You'll get it. See your pastor on little things because after all he's your shepherd. He he's he's the one that God sent to watch over you. And we might disagree upon it, then that cause a confusion in your church. We don't want that. No, no. We just want you to quit doing things that's sinful, things out of the Bible, just keep moving on towards God. See, and if you cause little frictions and things like that, that upsets the church. So, I'd rather your pastor tell you about marriage and divorce and these things and them things. Let him do it. He's God's servant, too, and he's equipped to do that. Remember the good Samaritan that found the man wounded. He brought him to the inn. That's the church. And gave the man there two pints and told him if he need any more. He pay him when he come. So he's got two pints. He's able to doctor up. If he's a man of God, if he's a man of God and stands on the word of God, he's got what God gave him. The spirit and the word. Is that right? How is it we're to worship in spirit and in truth? And the word is the truth. Is that right? Now, thank you very kindly again. And now I'm awfully tired and real tired of this afternoon. I never didn't stay in another hotel as long as I live. Big drunken party and all night long beating the doors and screaming and winning. I just sat up all night. That's all. And so I I never intend to have another hotel. I'll go to a motel. I'm going to get me a truck so I can sleep in it outside or the ground somewhere. I'm going get me a tent and a sleeping bag or somewhere where I can get to myself somewhere. That's right. It's so sinful this nation. No wonder it's honeycomb and rotting to the cold. Right up here in another place in your state, not only this state, everywhere. Right up here. A few years ago, I was in a religious meeting up here in the state, a big city. And that night a religious group, a Orthodox church with teenagers had a convention. I never I've been in Africa under a voodoo and everything. I never heard anything like that. And the next morning, I can't tell you exactly what a mixed audience laying on the floor immoral things that have been done. Whiskey bottles over and then young kids, boys and girls in the same room all night together. And the next morning, the Holy Father sitting out there come up bowing to him right now under the name of Jesus Christ. Have I gone crazy? What? What's the matter? I just can't stand those things. And something shakes me to pieces when I see that. Is that to represent my Lord Jesus? a drunken immoral party with immoral things that used on them young men and women laying on the floors and the waste baskets and bottles and oh my goodness. Could you call that Christianity? No wonder the world's in a sinful condition. Well, what does a sinner say when he looks at that? Thousands of them. Them young girls so drunk they couldn't hardly stand up and in the room all night them boys and all the dirty talk you ever heard in your life. I put pillars over my head like this to try to go to sleep out in the floors drunk and run up and down the floors like that. Religious. Now I can expect these sinful people like now that call themselves sports out here in a bowling game. One of my kids to start throwing a bowling alley out and running out of the country. Call that sport. That's not sport. What's this? If you want to be right, get right with God through I want to read for you just the words out of the Bible. You find this few words I want to read here text found in the 17th chapter first Kings first verse. As the Lord God of Israel liveth, before whom I stand, there shall not be due nor rain in these years according to my word. First Kings first chap uh 17th chapter first verse. If I can send you a prayer cloth anytime, just write it to me. My secretary here is present now. Brother Maguire, how many's ever got a prayer cloth from us? Let's see your hand. Stand up, brother Jim. I want to see you and your wife, too. Here's my secretary and his wife, the ones that works. That's a boy and girl that sends you your prayer cloth from the meeting. Both consecrated Christians. And the voice, that sweet little boy you hear on the phone when he call me, that's the little lady sitting there, his wife, her father, mother here with us today and and the loved ones all around. So, and then you know my field secretary, Mr. Mercer, brother Leo Mercer is here somewhere and brother Jean Golden and uh so if we can send you a prayer call anytime, anything we can do, pray for you on the phone, anything we can do, we'll do it. This strange looking man with his staff in his hand, his step study, his eyes gleaming with the glory of God, his beard glowing on the side, an old hairy piece of sheep skin wrapped around him. He's making his step just as sturdy as he walked down the road to Samaria. He wasn't very much to look at, but he had thus sayaith the Lord for that great nation of Israel. Yeah. Elijah the Tishbite, a prophet of the Lord. He wasn't much to look at, but he had the word of the Lord. He wasn't afraid to stand before the king, for he had been in the presence of greater than a king. He'd been in the presence of Jehovah. Therefore, he knew where he was standing. And when he walked before the king, he didn't stutter and stammer. He know what he was talking about. He could say to the king, "Thus saith the Lord God of Israel, there will be no rain or no doom until I call for it." Why did he say that? Till I call for it according to my word. Because he had the word of the Lord. He was a prophet. The prophet has the word of the Lord. It's a striking thing to see the parallel between Israel of the Old Testament and America. Now both of them are great nations. Both of them had been founded and their people had come there because of religious persecutions. Israel had been persecuted by Pharaoh and had been in bondage for hundreds of years. Or they were deprived of worshiping the true and living God and have been deprived of that privilege and they become slaves. But God had made them a promise in his Bible or in his word and by his prophets that he'd give them a land and they'd come into this land and drove back the occupants of that land and had possessed their inheritage. For God had a purpose of doing that. And so is this great nation of ours. We come here and on Plymouth Rock, this nation was founded on freedom of religion because our forefathers had fled Roman persecution of the modern Jezebel system and had come up and stood many great persecutions and martyrdom under that false system of Jezebel. And according to the Bible of Revelations the 13th chapter, God had promised them an oath and a place for the woman was carried into the wilderness where she was fed for a time, time, and a dividing of time. God had made the promise to America or to the church, to the woman to come into this country. Did you notice Revelations 13? All the other beasts that come up out of the sea waters. Revelation 17:17 said the waters which thou saw us as thickness and multitudes of people. All the other beasts that come up out of water, thickness and multitudes of people. But when the United States come up, it come up out of the earth where there was no people. And remember when it come up, it looked like a little lamb. Now a lamb has two horns and that's civil and ecclesiastical powers. But when they united remember then that lamb spoke like the dragon did before him and the dragon was wrong. [Music] When the dragon stood before the woman to devour her child as soon as it was born, the red dragon who stood before the woman Israel to devour the child as soon as it was born and stand out of persecution, killed all the children from 2 years old. Rome the dragon stood at the woman to devour her child as soon as it was born. And then we find that this country came up as a freed country and was had a lamb which means the lamb of God. But after a while this same system that we have spoke like the dragon and exercised all the power the dragon had before him. They parallel one to the other perfectly. And remember when these Israel came up and took her homeland in Palestine, drove back all the occupants of that land and possessed the land. We came in and took it from the Indians, drove them back and possessed the land. God had a reason for that. God was going to show the world what he could do with a a little band of people that wanted freedom and freedom of religion to serve God. What did they do for Israel? He made Israel the most mightiest nation in the world. And she stayed that way until she got out of the will of God. What did he do with America? He made her the mightiest nation in the world until she's getting out of the will of God. Parallel one to another. Exactly. When Israel came over in the land, they were a a great people because they had great leadership. They had god-fearing men over them such as David, King Solomon. All the world feared them. And they enjoyed that privilege of no wars, no troubles, and living under the power of God until people from all over the known world come to sin. God gave him a gift of discernment. is up on Solomon and the queen of the south from Queen of Sheba came all the way across the Sahara desert, taking her three months just to hear the wisdom of Solomon. And when she saw that Solomon could discern spirit and made known to her the secrets in her heart, she said, "All I heard about you was right and more besides." She was convinced that that was God and America upon the basis of our forefathers who came here for religious freedom. We had godly man in them days as leaders. George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, man of renowned character, man of God. America was America in those days. George Larson here at Valley Forge before he crossed the Delaware praying all night until he was wet come to his waist kneeling in snow and the next morning when the Americans started to crosses only about 20% of them had shoes to wear the American army but they had a principle they had something that they had to fight for. They didn't care what comer went. The farmers come in, stopped his pine, took out his ox and got his life and went to fight for what he know was freedom. The next day, I think it was four or five bullet holes musket bullets went through his coat and hat and never touched him. man of God who founded this nation. Great man. No wonder they wrote long. May our lands be bright with freedoms holy light. Protect us by thy might. Great God our king. Some time ago I talked to an old man down at Cardon, Indiana. He told me about when the capital was in Cardon and how he said how he went in the ox cart down to hear the governor speak and he and the governor's only two had had two pieces of suit on said that he raised the sheep and sheared them and washed the wool. His sister spun it and made him a coat to go with his trousers. And the old fell sitting there of about 85 or 90 years old pulled his beard like that and he said, "Billy, that's when Americ was American." I looked at the old fell and I thought, "Boy, you a lot of these young ones wouldn't believe it, but you're telling the truth. What happened to Israel after all this godly background?" They begin to get cared for you. They begin to get to a place where they well they didn't care what went on. They begin to go get slack in their worship to God. Although they held a farm of religion just like we had. They had a farm of godliness, but they begin to get free with their people and and they begin to bring in different heresies in their church. The worship of Balum begin to creep in and Israel become pleasure mad, drunk, and such things as that. and finally brought in a leader who didn't know God, Ahab, who succeeded his father. And his father was an ungodly man, rich man, but an ungodly man. And he done all the sins more than anyone before him ever done. But Israel in their drunken stuper, they put a man in like that and put him on the throne to be a ruler over them. They thought it was all right, just like a lot of Americans today. He's a good politician, so what difference does it make? It won't make any difference because he's a good politician. A lot of Americans, too many of them, has sold out their birthight as an American and say, "What difference does it make as long as you can get a few extra dollars from the government and live?" They sold out to the belly and to the lust and crave of a sinful world and forgot the very thing that we landed on the rock for. They forgot our heritage and went and sold out to the pleasure mad crowd as it was in the days of Israel. So has it been. America's took that same old right down the same path. Pleasure. After a while, the government endorsed sin. Just as long as you had a synagogue, what difference did it make? That's exactly what America know. And we begin to organize ourselves together and make little groups and more sinful, more sinful, more sinful. we to stay with the real principles that we landed here for. Sin begin to creep into the churches just like it did then. Women begin cutting off their hair, wearing immoral clothes, cutting them off each year, and man began doing this that and the other and playing cards and making bunk old games in the church. just as whirly as they was. Pleasure mad drunken stoopers ministers graduating from the seminary and the bishop saying preach boys whatever you wish to. As far as I am concerned the blood of Jesus Christ dried up 1900 years ago until the church got to nothing but an organization like a lodge. May you never forget this afternoon. Become like a lodge. Worlds begin to creep in. Ministers begin to compromise just like they did in the days of Ahab. Sinful, rotten to the core. And on and on it went just as hard as it could go. Although God sent them prophet after prophet and with tender mercies he begged to the people and they turned their back on it. They wanted their way. They were Israelites. They were free. They were a great nation. Their forefathers did so and so. David and Solomon. They could do what they wanted to. Just the same thing that we based oursel on. Exactly. what Washington our forefathers and what they stood for. But brother, we are a million miles from those things. Our churches are a million miles, the old the Methodist church today to what the Methodist church used to be. What the Pentecostal is today and what it used to be. What the Baptist is today to what it used to be. We had time to go back and talk of John Smith and many of those early reformers. John Smith said before he died said the horrible thing is that the Methodist women are beginning to wear gold rings on their fingers. Methodist what would he say today to sin with their hair cut off and paint all over their face wearing shorts? [Music] It's because of sin. What's God done in America? Sent revival after revival. Revival after revival. Ministers has preached the word. Tried to call people back to God. And what did they do? The same thing Israel done. Spirit, made fun of them, call them holy rulers, throw them in jail. If one of my sisters and one of my brothers out of this church today would have stood in that hotel last night and raised up their hands and praised God and shot out of that room, they'd be in jail at a drunken, stupid bunch of idiotic unholy rollers can stand up there and scream all night and drunk and cuss and grab their clothes off their women and carry on and fall on the floor and scream all night long and even they can't say a word. No wonder we are doomed under the hand of God. [Music] Notice on and on God set ministers perform signs and wonders proving his word and the most of the thing. A lot of modernistic clergymen turned it down and made fun of every revival such as so-called church of Christ and their days of miracles has passed trying their best to shut it off from that little remnant of God as it was in Israel. So is it today? Many times God has to take his people out of them organizations and denominations, take them out in the wilderness alone to talk to them. [Music] He's going to have a rim. They don't worry about that. He did, Daniel will. Now on and on they went through sin waiting through things while their leadership. There's nothing to stop it. Well, honest, I know many nations that if they catch the people on the street dressed like we do here in America, they put them in jail. When I went to St. Angelo in Rome. Now think of it as low as that is. They had a sign up there by St. Angelo Catacon to the American women. Please put on clothes and honor the dead. If there's anything that makes you sick is to see a bunch of so-called Americans come in. I was sitting down at Luzon. We were enjoying some steak one day. brother argued right now. Next day we went back cuz it's good eating. I could get some water there. They wouldn't serve nothing but wine. I get water. I had to pack me a jug of water under my own arm all the time cuz they wouldn't serve you water at the table. Then I went in there and everything was good. The Miss America come in with a little dirty snotty nose poodle dog with enough 10 cents to wear jewel on like that and a cigarette way out the end like this. sat down there putting on something that she wasn't and set that poodle on the table. Dirty filthy thing is a dog is the worst thing that God speaks of. Even the tile off of them can't even be paid in the house of God. It's like the wh of a the Bible said. And yet there you are. They'll practice birth control and pay $1,000 early for a little old dog and lead her around and give her a child's love so she can run out all night long and a practice birth control. What's waiting chaos? I may never hear my voice again, but I want you to remember this. We're at the end. There we find what taken place. What did finally the great hour come Ahab was elected. And when he did, he married Jezebel, that rotten old woman who led all of Israel to idolatry. And as Israel did that, why did it? They must have been in a backsliding condition to ever let a thing like that happen to their nation. The laws are made by the people for the people. And we've done the same thing. There was a time when America wouldn't have they know better than to let the old prostitute old harlot that dumped the blood of the martyrs, killed them. And the reason they fled here for freedom, they wouldn't have put up with nothing like that. It shows we're in a backsliding condition. A whole nation to elect such as that. Oh, of course. Now, some of you good squareback Democrats will think this that, oh, well, he'll make a good political head. That might sound all right to reason to the carnal mind, but to the word of God in the spiritual mind, it don't make sense. Apparently, it does. few extra dollars out and some taxes or something like this cut and we are having a hard time are missionaries in the field today because now we are considered a Catholic nation. Well, sure Russia's considered communist because they got a communistic leader. Red China's considered communist because it's got a communistic leader. We're considered Catholic because that we have a Catholic leader. Oh, when Ahab was on the throne, you say he's on the throne. That's right. But Jezebel was the head behind that throne. She was the one that done the leading. Look how she took the very laws of the land and twisted them around. And for her own gain and for greed and made Ahab do it because she was married to him. Amen. That's with our leader today. I say he isn't a nice man, but look what's behind him. The harlot. The very thing that we run here to be America for the very principles that America's built up on. We by our own free choosing a thing like that. Now you see why my voice is going to be stopped pretty soon. Somebody's going to know. Yes. Why? Revelations 2:20. She called herself a prophetus. You just watch the wave of sin happen. Now you watch core go plum to the core. You watch modernistic watch ungodly things happen in the churches and finally there'll come a persecution. The Bible says so. Thus saith the Lord. Certainly there will be. Then what's going to happen? Just like it did then. So will it be now? She was the power behind it. She was the one who controlled it. Read the um I believe it's the seven about the 17th or 18th chapter along in there. You'll find what Jezebel did. how she took Ahab and he couldn't say nothing about it because it was his wife. Look what the nation was built upon. Then a backsliden Israelite with a pagan wife behind him who was a worshshiper of Balum. And what did she do? She finally made everything so modernistic and so nice and the people had it so easy until the whole church fell for it. Preachers and all. Did Elijah say, "Lord, I'm the only ones left." And as it was then, it parallels today. All of us afraid to say anything. Is it just like the same thing today? They were afraid to say something. So we find out they were just loose halfhazard drunk carrying on pleasure mad everything else just as it is today. Jezebel twisting those scriptures. What did she laws as is Jezebel will twist? Remember Jezebel she calls herself a prophetus to subdue the people and she says that she is the only voice of God on the earth. Amen. She'll make the carnal mind believe that as sure as the world there'll come a worship of a woman in the United States and they'll be married. I've seen it 30 1931 seven things happened. I got it right on paper here with me. Wrote it in 1931. How that I said this President Franklin D. Roosevelt he will cause all the world help do it. send the world to war. Hadn't come to war yet during time of the depression. I said another thing and then my mother a squareback Democrat if she didn't look at me hard when I said that. I said I don't care if he's a Republican or if he was a socialist or whatever he is. This is thus sayaith the law. And I said doing this they're permitting women to vote. And when they do that, they've done one of the greatest disgraces this nation ever done. And I said, "Someday they'll pay for it." And they did it this last election. That's what elected women. And you precious colored people in the south, how you voted. You say, "You got a business saying that poor people." Oh yes, I have. It's the word of God. And the stain of of Abraham Lincoln, the one that freed you laying counter in that museum on a woman's dress and you sell your birthight. You people for politics because you're just a good democrat voted for something like that and soldier birthrights of Americanism and Christianity. Now give it over to the prostitute that run us in this nation or made us what we were. H see how she's been creeping in real easy until now she's on the throne. Sure. The White House throne. Watch already. Did you see the other day about Catholic schools and Protestant schools? Support the Catholic school but not the Protestant. Oh brother, you watch for a wave of stuff coming forth. Now notice and as they did it, look what taking place. all of this sin heaping in got to a place and got the nation in that kind of a staggering place. A few years ago when they had the Pentecostals first broke out, it saved the nation a few years ago when Al Smith was going to run. America know better then. But Pentecost got so worldly it went right on in and sold their rights as a Christian to politics. And it's politics ahead of the Bible. Oh my. Now just a minute and watch to how this comes out. Now we find out what they did and the things they did. We see it paralleling here just exactly. Sin on every hand. Jezebel come in. She bewitched all the people. And notice finally she be to build big shrines to Balum. Is that right? and the Balum priest flocked from everywhere to get into that place and begin to contaminate the lands with Balum worship. Look how they've done. Look how they've weeded in just the things they've done. Look where they're at today. Look at Catholicism. Swallowing up, swallowing up, swallowing up. Marrying into breaking this exactly what Daniel said they'd do. Iron and clay wouldn't mix but mingling their seeds one with another. Breaking. Every Protestant girl mir Catholic boy has to raise her children Catholic. All like that marrying in a meeting like that until it's come to a place to the whole United States is all wormed over. What are we going to do as missionaries going out there to liberate in South America and all over the part of the world? Tommy Osman and them trying to get the people out of that paganism and they can point their finger right back that we elected our leader. What's what's going to happen to this world? It should shake every person in here. How are we going to answer? What's the missionary going to say when they say you come here to liberate us from this and your own people put the same thing in your office there on the throne? How are we going to look back in the pages of history? Turn back and see if it if it's absolutely almost unconstitutional for it to be. They wouldn't do it years ago. But see, we've sold out our Christian rights to politics and that's how the devil weave himself in. Ahab was nothing but a figurehead for Jezebel. That's all this will be. Just a figurehead. He won't do it himself, but that system behind him will guide into it. Exactly. Ronald, pitch your conscience to Christians. Wake yourself up. It's later than you think. the condition that we're in, condition that they were in, and how they let themselves get loose. How the great loving heart of God must have cried out and weeping as he seen his missionary people made him an example. All the nations coming everywhere because God had blessed them, seeing them in unity, spiritually serving God. And then to think that he he longed to see them come back to their first love and do what was right but continued that they went away and away and away to finally Jezebel come in. That's exactly what we done. Drifted from the principles of Christ went up God sent his ministers across the nation. They preached holiness pilgrim holiness. Nazarines Pentecostals get back to God. Get back to God. And the real oldtime established churches just laughed and made fun. A lot of them modernistic believers while they condemned everything that that man done and said it was of the devil. What did it do? And the church begin to listen to the majority begin to listen. First thing you know, if the Catholic woman could wear these kind of things, the Protestant could do. If the Catholic Church could do this, the Protestant could too. Then if the Methodist school, what about the Baptist? Then if the Baptist good, what about the Pentecostals? See, that's what man-made systems bring you into. [Music] That's true. That's the reason I'm against it. Because God's word is against it. Man-made systems. [Music] God's against it. His word's against it. His prophets will be against it. His true servants will be against it. All that's born of the spirit of God will be against it. Look how Israel got how they floated with the tide till finally Jezebel come. Look how America got and floated with the worldly tide until finally Jezebel took the throne. That's right. Now, Jezebel actually wasn't on the throne of Egypt or throne of Israel, but she was the main head behind the throne. And the Catholic hierarchy is not on the throne of the United States, but she's the system behind it because he's married to her. And the Bible said in this country, they make an image like unto the beast. Brother, sister, what's the matter with Well, I I know what it is. The Bible said to get this lady of an age, and there's where we're at. You might hate me now, but one day you won't when you find out what's true. You may disagree and get up and stomp out of the belly. That just shows your literacy. But someday you'll realize someday you'll know that it's the truth. I speak it in the name of the Lord. Put myself up for a target which finally will drive me to the grave. I'm going to be a witness till I die. God will help me. That's right. Here we are in this condition we are today. All of it going on like that in Israel. How Ahab did a figurehead for Jezebel because he he was married to her. America, our leader, how did our you know our leader was a rich man? How many know that? A multi-millionaire. Somebody told me in a magazine or some radio or television or something, Jack Benny or somebody made a Ernie Ford I believe or somebody said that his father helped him get two states that he didn't own just about owns the rest of it. How did he get it? How did that money come through the whiskey traffic and liquor? That's reason he dropped the taxes on whiskey and stuff. That's what made him a rich man. The very thing that damned our nation, the very thing that corrupted the minds of our people, the thing that sent our boys to be drunkards and our girls to be prostitutes. The money off of that made him a rich man. The same thing that old Jezebel system. The same thing that persecuted our people. The same thing that drug them out in Romanism and burn them and pulled them apart and done everything to them. The same blood of the martyrs, the Bible said, is in her. There they are married together. And we Americans stagger right on. Oh well, we got a few extra dollars and we're having a good time. Better off than all the rest of the nations. But brother, you just wait a minute. Let's take it letter by letter now for the next few minutes. See what happened. The preachers got right along this nut down with them. Went right on with them. All the system, the whole Israelite system went right on with Jezebel. They had a farm. Yes. And don't the Bible tell us that in this last days we'll have a form of godliness? All the prophecies are fulfilled, brother. We're at the end. Nationally, we are at the end. Spiritually, we are at the end. Every system it's at its end. Next thing is the coming of the Lord and the translation of the church. God sent every sign, wonder, done everything he could do, kind of all the people. He constantly they moved right on in. Look at this town here. Look at this country around here with tens of hundreds and hundreds of Pentecostal people. And because of standing on truth, where are they at this afternoon? Because someone told them not to cooperate with the need. You poor deliberate God be merciful to you is the only thing I can say. When you Christians got no more backbone than that, you got a wishbone instead of a backbone. Right? What we need is preach a gospel with teeth in it. That'll chop the thing to pieces. We're just like the rest of them. Then you wonder why we holler about it. Then you see you get the cold shoulder. I expect it. I have to. All this went on in Israel. Finally one day come stomping out of the wilderness. Cover old hairy looking fella. Elijah the Tishbite. He never come up out of any organizations. He come out of the wilderness. He had nothing to do with him. He was a prophet of the Lord, brother. He shot that Jezebel kingdom for everything within. They hated him. He had no cooperation. I'll guarantee you that. The Bible says not. Certainly. He even made them painted face Jezebels burn up. I imagine he didn't laid the axe to the root of the tree like John did. The chips fall wherever they wish. But he laid her in there. Amen. He shook the nation, showing that they were wrong in trying to call them back to a true living God and back to his word instead of a Jezebel worship. What did they do? Did they receive him? They hated him. But his word went forth just the same because he had thus sayeth the Lord. God worked with him and showed he was anointed prophet by the things that he said coming to pass and all that he did prove that he was God's prophet but yet they would not believe it because he tore up their playhouses. He told them that they were wrong. Ahab was arrested about true and you notice they didn't believe him but he preached it just the same. None of the preachers agreed with him. Amen. He said, "I'm the only ones left, Lord. Look at them. They won't eat one. Nobody will cooperate." But he had a mission to do and he did it. He had the word of the Lord. Thus sayeth the Lord. And he attacked in the nation. He attacked the church. He attacked everything there was. But God was with him. We are promised in the last days that he will return to this country, too. [Music] I know Jesus when Matthew 17 when they asked him why scribes say Elias watch what he said Elias truly must first come pack in the future tense but then he gives John as an example John wasn't Malachi 4 John was Malachi 3 behold I send a messenger before me to prepare the way Malachi 4 he said before the great and terrible day of the Lord shall come when all the earth will be burned like stubble before that day. I'll send Elijah and it wasn't John because the Lord never burnt the earth when John came. And if you notice in the in the last chapter of the last verse, he said, "And he," what's he talking shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers. Now watch the first John came, the first Elijah, what did he do? He came and brought a message and turned the old Orthodox hard hearts to the faith of the young church, the children. But when the next Elijah comes in the end time, he's to go back and take the the father's hearts, the children's hearts rather, and turn them back to the faith of the Pentecostal fathers. See the difference? He'll not be one of these your so-called we have today. He'll go right back to Acts two and start right from there. He'll preach the unadulterated gospel. Just say the same things that Peter did on the day of Pentecost. Cause what he said on Pentecost is vindicated the rest of scriptures through. You'll not twist around with some organization when Elijah comes. You'll hate women like Elijah did just like or bad women just like John did. You'll be a wilderness lover just like they were. He'll not spare. We're looking for him to come. He'll come. God said he will. And he'll be here. Amen. Hard to stop just in the middle of something like that. you just feel, Lord, I want to I want to be right. I want to live the way that he wants me to live. And it's don't want to get to where we just look and say, "Oh, he was talking about the Methodists. He was talking about the Baptists. He was talking about the Catholics." But you look at what's happened since that message was preached. And we can look among our own ranks and see the same things going on. So Lord, help us. Help us to help us to be right. Help us to be more like you. I think that's each of our desire. I want to love love till there is just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. I'm going to live the way he wants me to live. I'm going to give until there's just no more to give. I'm going to love till there's just no more love. I could never ever out love the Lord. And he's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weary. Gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. He's my Lord. Yes, he's my Lord. There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. Lord. He gives rest to the weary, gives new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about it. is my Lord and I feel like going on. Yes, I feel like going on. Though trials may come on every hand, I feel like going on. I feel like pressing on. I feel like pressing on. Yes, I feel like pressing on though trials may come from every hand. I feel like pressing on one more time. I feel like pressing on. Yes, I feel like pressing on. Oh trles come from every hand I feel thy pressing on let's all stand together this morning. Oh Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true With thanksgiving, [Music] I will be a living sanctuary for you. Ask him again. Lord prepare me to be a sanctuary, [Music] pure and holy, tried and true with thanksgiving. living. I will be a living [Music] sanctuary [Music] for you. [Music] Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver, purify my heart. Let me be as gold pure gold refer my heart's one desire is to be Holy set upon for you. Lord, I choose to be holy, set upon for you, my master, ready to do your will. Let's sing the second verse. Lord purify my heart. Cleanse me from within and make me holy. Norri my heart. Cleanse me from my sin. Deep within reach fighters fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. Set upon for you, Lord. I choose to be holy. set upon for you, my master, ready to do your will. Brother Trevor, would you come and dismiss us with a word of prayer? [Music] Let's all bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we thank you so much, Lord, for this service this morning. Lord, we count it a privilege, Lord, to be one of the few that gets to come together, Lord, in this organization, this congregation, this family here, Lord, to just worship you, Lord, and to love you, Lord, and to show you our appreciation, Lord. The greatest honor that we could have, Lord, is to know that Lord, you came down here, Lord, and you just consumed our sacrifice we gave to you, Lord. Lord, we just ask that you would just go with each and everyone here, Lord, and just bless and touch each one, Lord, that is here, Lord. Those who are streaming, those who couldn't make it, Lord. And just help us this evening, Lord, with the continuing of the word that you have for us, Lord. We love you so much and we give this prayer to you, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. You're dismissed. And let's come back this evening expecting joy afternoon. Let's sing that chorus as we go. Since Jesus came into my heart, what a wonderful change in my life has been wrought. All since Jesus came into my heart, I have died in my soul for which long I had sought. Since Jesus came into my heart. [Music] Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, floods of joy for my soul. Like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. Well, I have ceased from my wonderings and going astray since Jesus came into my heart. And my sins which were many are now washed away. Since Jesus came into my heart. Since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Bloods of joy, oh my soul, like the sea billows roll since Jesus. The last verse. I'm possessed of a hope. Oh, I am possessed of a hope that is steadfast and sure. Since Jesus came into my heart and no dark clouds of down my pathway obscure since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Oh, since Jesus came into my heart. Floods of joy for my soul. Like the sea billows roll since Jesus came into my heart. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
