################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-03 - Wednesday Evening 04-02-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-03
Title:   Wednesday Evening 04-02-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZJwT9kwSBFQ
========================================

[Music] Yes, I praise him for all he's done for me. He's redeemed and set me free and because just because he is God. Let's stand and sing that one more time. When I come, when I come into his presence, I humble myself. I lift up both my hands and I begin to worship you. I worship [Music] him when I come into his presence. Humble myself, remembering what you've done, all the victories you've won. And I praise him. Yes, I'll praise him for all you've done for me. He's redeemed and set me free. And because just because he is God. Amen. That's why we gather this evening. Just because he is God. We come to worship that name. Amen. Welcome everyone out this Wednesday night. We're so glad to have you, Chip. You with us, our visitors. God richly bless you this evening. Brother Ben, would you come and open in a word of prayer for us this afternoon? [Music] Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come to thee this Wednesday, Lord. This prayer Wednesday, Lord. We're here looking for your presence, Lord, asking you to please come and be with us, Lord. Oh God, we need you so much in this hour, Lord. Our our mind battles us, Lord. And you told us that the greatest battle ever fought is in the mind. So we ask you to help us, Lord God. Give us the mind of Christ. I pray thee, Lord. You said have the mind of Christ. If you said it, there's a way to have it, Lord. So help us, Lord God. We love you. We appreciate you, Lord. We pray that you bless us. Bless brother Israel, Lord. And oh God, we know that he's in the front line, Lord, him and his family. So I pray that you would bless him, Lord, and keep them in the hollow of thy hand, Lord. We love you this this day, Lord, this Wednesday, Lord. We we're here to worship you, Lord. For you're an object of worship, Lord. You love to be worshiped. The prophet told us that you love us to worship you, Lord. We want to worship you in spirit and truth, Lord, in revelation, Lord. Gratitude in our hearts, Lord, for what you did for us at Calvary. What you did for for us in this hour, Lord, for sending us a prophet, Lord. Oh God, Lord, we we love you, Lord, for sending us a prophet, and we love you for all the things you do for us, Lord. We commit this service into thy hands, Lord. But we ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. No one knew how alone I was feeling and the emptiness I tried so hard to hide. Though I laughed and said my life was fine without you. I was covering up the secret tears I've cried. Then one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calvary. [Music] There you purchase my redemption when you broke sin's power and set my spirit free. I'm amazed that you love me. And I'm [Music] amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found [Applause] [Music] pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away all my sins. Yes, it's true. There have been days when I've failed you. Lord, you know the many times I've gone astray. But I've learned your love is stronger than my [Music] weakness. And your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. No other friend could ever be so close to me. And I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. I'm amazed that you love me. And I'm amazed how you care through your preious blood. I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away with all your heart this evening. I'm amazed that you love me. Yes, I'm amazed how you care. Through your preious blood, I found pardon. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. Oh, my sins are washed away. Amen. Let's give our Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. You may be seated or we'll go to the key of F. There's a light in the window. The table spread as splendor. Someone standing by an open door. I can see the crystal river, so I must be near forever. Lord, I've never been this home. Sick before. See the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I'll never been this home sick before. I can see the family gathered. Sweet faces are familiar. No one's old feeble anymore. This old lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Oh, see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Just see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. [Music] This world's been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. Lord to take my life and form it. Take my mind and transform it. Take my will, come for it, to yours, to yours, to yours. Holiness, holiness is what I long for. Holiness is what I need. Holiness, holiness is what you want from [Music] me. So take my life and form it. Take my mind and transform it. Take my will and come for it to yours to yours, oh Lord. Righteousness. Righteousness is what I've long for. Righteousness is what I need. Righteousness. Righteousness is what you want from me. We'll take another verse. It's faithfulness. Oh, faithfulness, faithfulness is what I'm long for. Faithfulness is what I need. Oh, faithfulness, faithfulness is what you want from me. Oh, please take my life and form it. Take my mind and transform it. Take my will and come for it to yours to yours. Let's raise our hands and sing it to him one last time. Take my life and form it. Take my [Music] mind. Amen. Let's all stand. I will conform to yours. To yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, to yours, oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless each of you this evening. We're so happy to be in the house of the Lord once again to hear the word of the Lord. Amen. Are you happy to be here? Amen. God is so good to us. Amen. He just keeps blessing us over and over again. And when this life is over, we get to go to heaven. What about that? That's a great deal. Amen. And I'm glad to be a Christian tonight. With all the tests and trials of life, I'm happy to be a believer. I wouldn't take nothing from my journey now. I'm so glad to be a Christian following this word and I get to hear the word of the Lord again tonight. The Lord's given us the opportunity to do that. Amen. And so we're going to do that as we uh prepare to listen to the message influence 1963. Brother Brandon preached that right here in Phoenix. And we'll go to paragraph one through paragraph 122. Amen. We like to welcome our visitors here, our brother from up north there, brother Ginsky. Bless him. Amen. Let's make him feel welcome. Praise the Lord. Yes. Amen. And um so as we prepare to go there, let's [Music] sing that song. Only believe. Amen. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Ally [Music] believe. All things are possible. [Music] only be. Lord, I believe. And Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe that all things are possible. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe. All things are possible. Lord, I will. God bless you. You may be seated, brother Brennham. Morning. It's very nice to be here this morning to hear this fine report of how the Lord's work is growing. Praise God. That's what we're here for. That's what we're happy to always hear. The work of the Lord increasing. And uh when I got up this morning, I I thought I did you an evil. Uh I brought some Indiana weather down to visit you. I was for my first time I seen ice in Phoenix outside of the ice house, you know. But this was on the street this morning. Ice. My wife got up and she said, "Is this Phoenix?" I said, "I think so." She would come in wrong last night, but it was certainly surprising to see ice in Phoenix. Well, I said, "If you can just get roused up enough to come over to the breakfast, the ice will all melt over there." cuz the presence of the Lord always melts away all the coldness. So glad to be here this morning with brother and sister William and brother Rose and all the staff and so happy to be back at the rimada again. There's something about this place and I sit along the roads in my travel. I think about the meetings I've been in here before of the Ramada. And we're here now to start a series of meetings with our brethren around through the valley prior to the the businessman's convention. And uh how many ministers are here this morning? I see your hands everywhere. Oh, this is Well, we're in business or we're still let them know that we're in business, too. The greatest business in the world, saving souls. Amen. And we ministers are certainly happy this morning to join hands with this staff of of Christian layman to um for helpers and partners in this work to help save souls to the kingdom of God. So grateful for this effort. I was listening the other day on a radio broadcast as I was driving along and there was an attorney that said uh a great remark that I thought was outstanding. He said how it is that in this day that we know that we're facing the end time. He said, "And to see layman and ministers just settle down and not get their righteous indignation stirred uh to see the world so grossed in sin as it is that both minister and layman should be pressing every moment to the coming of the Lord so close at hand and we don't seem to be enthused about as we should be. I was speaking the other day on the subject of being sincere. Uh we believe as full gospel people that we have the truth, the truth of the gospel. We realize that there's much we can improve on on this and we're looking forward to the time that when all the loose ends of these great revivals has come across the world in the last few centuries. Well, since the falling away of the church and then the dark age and then these great warriors came forth for truth and they would live long enough to get it kind of halfway established and then little loose ends would run out. We're told in Revelations 10 that there'll be a messenger in the last day will gather up these little ends and will bring them together and then the mystery of God would be finishing at the sounding of this angel which was a messenger of the earth. Then one came down from heaven with his hands up rainbow over his head and swore that it'd be time no more. An angel taking an oath. And when we see this things materializing, oh, how sincere we should be. All promises of God are true, but their own conditions. No matter how fundamentally right we are, we've got to approach it in the right way. Now, man can be fundamentally right and still not receive the blessings of God because it's approached in the wrong way. It goes upon conditions. For instance, when Ahab and Jehoshaphat was together and Rama Gilead really belonged to Israel fundamentally because the lands divided by Joshua through Joshua by God had been given to Israel and the Syrians has taken the the land and filling the stomachs of the enemy with the food that should been given to Israel. Fundamentally, Ahab was right. And that's the reason 400 Hebrew prophets with one accord was prophesying, go on up to Ram with Gilead. Fundamentally, they were right. But Ahab wasn't right himself. And when this one little man stood up by the name of Micah, the son of Ammon, and saw a vision, now one man's vision against 400 trained prophets. But the man's vision compared with the word, that's the reason he knew it was right. And see, it's on conditions. We must be sure when Hana prophesied and tucked the yoke off of Jeremiah's neck that Israel was to be uh the vessels of the Lord rather down and under Nebuchadnezzar and all the kingdoms around had been given to this heathen Nebuchadnezzar down in Babylon. And here was Israel making their sacrifices and just as religious and fundamentally as they could be. But yet the sincerity had lifted and they was given down there for for slaves to serve Nebuch Nebuchadnezzar for all these years. And Jeremiah had a yoke around his neck and God had told him no matter what prophet prophesies, what dreamer dreams or anything else contrary to what he said, it was wrong. And there stood up hea just as sincere as any man could be and prophesied with a message, "Thus sayaeth the Lord." Well, of course, the people could clap their hands on that. That's true. Thus sayeth the Lord, the he they'll be back in two years in the sight of two full years and walked up to that vindicated prophet, tucked that off of his neck, and broke it and said, "Thus sayeth the Lord." Remember what Jeremiah said, Hana, amen. So be it. The Lord perform your words. But let us remember there's been prophets before us. They prophesied against great kingdoms, against war, so forth. But a prophet is only known when his prophecy comes to pass. And Hanan broke the yoke. And then you know what? God told him. I think we Pentecostal people fundamentally full gospel is truth but there's more goes with it is that deep sincerity of what God has given us. We must approach it with respect and and love and and a humble attitude. I think that's what we need. And now in this coming meetings I I really don't know where I'm going. Brother William, it's around from place to place uh amongst my brethren. All of you pray that God will help us that there will be the sick healed and there will first thing let me say first there will be souls saved and and believers filled with the Holy Spirit, the sick people healed. God receive glory and his church grow for the kingdom of God. And I'm here to help in every way that I can in this. I have I think it's mostly full gospel people of the the assemblies of God and the four square and the church of God and the oneness brethren and all all together. And that's the way I I like it where we can go to each place and all come together and Pentecost is really not an organization. It's an experience that we find that our little thoughts that used to be in years gone by that just one group called the Pentecostals and all got this blessing. We find that God just tore our little ideas all to pieces. He brought in Catholics, Presbyterian, Methodist, Baptist. He gave those the Holy Ghost who served, did his will. And he doesn't change. He cannot change. His attitude must always be the same. His decisions are perfect to begin with. He has to alter nothing. His words, he's sovereign. He has not to change anything. And he never does change. So, we're happy this morning that Christ lives. And as the song said, how do you know he lives? He lives within our hearts. And we know that. We're sure of it. So, approaching the revival, coming on from church to church, and then back here to the rim for the convention. Let's go with reverence, deep sincerity, humble praying, and believing God. Now, I know we stay a little long each time, but I don't want to do that in these meetings. I want to get in there and get the people out and get home and do what I can for the kingdom and take off somewhere and pray the rest of the night if I want to talk a while with the Lord and not hold you off while I'm doing it. And now this morning feel like this breakfast is kind of an opening to the this is the alpha and at the last the convention is the omega of the of the revival. And now let's just bow our heads a moment sincerely as we approach his throne of grace. And there's no doubt but what there's many requests in here this morning. But while we're praying and you'd like to be remembered, would you just raise your hand and hold beneath that the secret that you want God to do for you? Thank you, Most Holy and Reverend God, the Almighty. We approach thy throne. Now as we come up from this place called the Ramada in we pass beyond by faith the moon, the stars over the Milky White way into the presence of God as we stand by his great white throne looking across to that golden lights where God alone can dwell. We see between we and this altar there is a bloody sacrifice laying there as our brother and sisters so expressed it apolog Jesus. And he promised when he was here on earth if you ask the father anything in my name I'll grant it. There we see him today standing there to make good every word and every promise that he made. And we pray heavenly father that you will let us come into thy presence with sincerity and with faith believing now that you will answer this that we are asking. And the first of all things we ask for ourselves, the forgiveness of all of our trespasses and all the things that we have did which should be innumerable, Lord. And we pray that you will forgive us. And let that precious blood of the sacrifice on the altar this morning cleanse us from all unrighteousness, all selfishness, and all that's contrary, Lord, to thy great commandments and thy desires for us. May we this morning, Lord, in a another way or in another time consecrate ourselves to thee and in our humility believe that you're going to stir revival through this valley. And we are so weak Lord to try to undertake such a great effort. It would be totally impossible. But thou, oh God, can take the weak things of the earth and can make mighty works of God by them. We humble ourselves as believers and asking that you will take these weak vessels and will work your works through them that we might see a great results when this meeting is over. that the work of God has began to be made manifest aresh in this valley. Bless all of our brethren, the churches, each denomination, all of its members, and this businessman, this ley who is has consecrated their lives to thee. We pray, Father God, that you'll bless them in their coming convention. And all together, Lord, work your glory through us that others might see the good things of God and long to serve him. We commit these things to you with love and respects in faith in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Now I would like this morning, God willing, to open the scripture if you wish to now to the book of Isaiah. And this being a businessman's meeting, yet their main business is getting souls right with God. That's what they're dedicated to. And we are wanting to speak on the gospel and the sincerity and the approach to it. And let's begin reading now from Isaiah 6. The first chap the first verse of Isaiah 6 reading down including the e. And in the year that kingiah died, I saw also the Lord sitting upon a throne high lifted up and his train filled the temple. And above it stood the serap. Each had six wings. With twain he covered his face, and with twain he covered his feet, and with tween he did fly. And one cried to another, said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God of hosts. The whole earth is full of his glory." And the post of the doors moved at the voice of him that cried, and the house was filled with smoke. Then said, I, "Woe is me, for I am undone, because I'm a man of unclean lips, and I dwell in the midst of a people of unclean lips. For mine eyes have seen the King, the Lord of hosts." Then flew one of the Sarah. unto me, having a live coal in his hand, which he had taken with the tongs from off the altar. And he laid it upon my mouth, and said, Lo, this has touched thy lips, and thine iniquity is taken away, and thy sin is purged. Also I heard the voice of the Lord saying, "Who shall I send and who shall go for us?" Then said I, "Here am I, send me." I wish to draw from this little text some context on some notes that I have written down here. And if I should give it a title, I would like to call it influence. You know, there's so many of us and most all of us uh influence somebody by the things that we do and the way we live and the things we say. We influence somebody. Somebody is watching your life. And then when we profess to be Christians, what type of life should we live? If somebody is watching us and your life that you live will reflect an influence on somebody that might it might be the their eternal destination will rest upon the way that you live and the things that you do. for they watch him. And in our text this morning as influence, we find that this king Uzi was a a great influence to Isaiah, the the young prophet. Isaiah had been called to his side and being uh noted a vindicated prophet of his day and he had a I believe the way that Isaiah spoke it, he was uh uh had a great influence upon Isaiah. Now we find that Uzekiah was called to be king at the age of about 16 years old after his father's death. And his father was a a great believer and he had his mother also was a very fine woman. And this young king had been um crowned at a young age and quickly he taken the road that was right because of the influence of a godly father and a godly mother. And I think that's a very fine example for we parent today is to set an example before our children. Now you'll live your your best and your worst at home. And I think that our lives though that children might not just exactly act like they're noticing it, but they are noticing it. Don't you never think that they are not because they're watching. Not only the children are watching, but the neighbors are watching. Not only the neighbors are watching, but the uh all that you are associated with watches. The people at your church watches. The people that you do business with in the markets, they're watching you after your confession. And we should always try to reflect Christ in everything that we do. I know a little motto that I had hanging in my house many years ago. I picked it up one day when at Billy Sunday's tabernacle when I was at one of the meetings up at um in Wona Lake and I liked it so much till I I got it and hung it up in my house and I kept it until it just fell apart. It was something like this. go no place you would not be want to be found if Jesus should come and uh be saying nothing that you would not want to be seeing if Jesus should come and it went on with many things saying what you and otherwise whatever you do or say or whatever action that you're performing do not do it If you would not want to be caught in that position when Jesus comes, if we can only do that, I'm sure we'd be a great influence upon our associates. And you know the right, there's two ways to do anything. That's right and wrong. I had my little son Joseph on my lap the other day and I said to him, he's eight years old and some little boy had uh stepped on his toes and he and the little boy had a fight. So I said, "Joseph, don't don't do that." He said, "But daddy, he did such and such." I said, "But that doesn't matter what he did. Just remember, Joseph, that you love your father." He said, "Yes, daddy." I said, "Then remember that people are going to look at your life as a minister, son." And then if you do anything wrong, then they're going to say, "Does this minister permit his child to do such?" Now, we know they do it anyhow. But, uh, we know that as Christians, we know that we try to bring up our children, right? But uh it's a good thing to keep that be front before all the time that do what's right. Don't don't ever take that other side. So um I said because you see that doesn't only reflect on you Joseph but it reflects on your mother, reflects on your sisters, it reflects on your father and the very cause of the family. what we're standing for and then what we stand for, it reflects on that on Jesus Christ. You don't want to do that. I said our our Lord told us if we're if somebody smites us on one cheek, just turn the other. And of course, that's kind of hard for a little boy with a high temper to begin with to to think of such things, but place it before him anyhow. See that he should not do it. Now this young fellow Yuskiah had such a training in his early days to when he taken the throne. He never turned right or left from the thing that was right. He stayed right with it. He never let politics influence him in any way. He was a man who was determined to serve God regardless. And so politics didn't he ignored all of those things. And another thing that I liked about was that he ignored popularity or popular opinions. No matter what anybody else thought or what the popular trend of the day was, he wanted to serve God regardless. Oh, we need man like that. That's right. In our uh political world, we need man like that in the White House. We need man like that in business. We need man like that in the pull pit. Man that will not turn to popular opinions or popularity but will stay straight with the word. Not turn right or left. God in commission Joshua said, "This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth, but thou shalt meditate therein day and night, and then thou shall make thy ways prosperous. Then thou shalt have good success." And not only that, but you're influencing somebody the same way you're traveling. And so I appreciate uh the stand that took to be determined. The first thing he began to do was to repair the house of the Lord and to build up the places that had been torn down and then go out to the enemy after he proved to God that he was sincere and he he was going to take the right stand regardless of what his uh people around him is uh advisors to influence him to a political side of the of the kingdom. He would not stand for it. Hallelujah. He wanted God's will in that alone. That's the kind of man we need, the kind of mothers we need. A woman, a mother of this day that will take the right stand. And do what's right regardless of what the other women does. Do what's right. It's such a pity to see our nation in such a scrimml as it is today. I got up a little late this morning to get to the breakfast and I I went to a place and to get some coffee and this a little lady come out to serve me and she had wife and I were sitting there and she had her eyes blue, you know, that stuff over her eyes. And um I seen one of those in Los Angeles one time, the first one I ever seen the ladies made up in that way. I I I thought that I I was going to walk up and tell her I was a missionary and I'd seen flaggery and leprosy and but I'd never seen anything like that. And I was going to ask her if I could not pray for her and and I and tell me what kind of a disease she had and I was a little afraid of it and I never seen anything quite like it. And I when I walked over, I was waiting for brother Arganbright and uh one of the businessmen and the officials and another girl walked up looked just like her. I would say I I might be wrong here that she might have did that herself and it was a very attractive girl would have been if she had just washed her face and looked like a human but she was so now when some of these movie stars are somewhere I don't know where it comes from when they will do a thing like that some woman with some kind of an influence then that influences is arrest the nation and try to do the same. That's right. When our Pentecostal women was allowed to cut their hair because some minister lay down in the pullpit, then the rest of them said, "Well, so and so's wife does it, can't we?" See, it's the influence that you place up on some of them. This little lady this morning was such a nice little lady. She was a very sweet and just as respectable as she could be. And when we she left the table and turned around, my wife looked across the table at me and I said, "You know, it's just a pity that some devil, and I'm not reluctant to say devil, that has coped up such a thing to bring our American women under such influence as that healing trace. influence. Somebody started it. Well, don't you never go by watch some s somebody of this country, I don't care other country or or some minister's wife or somebody else, don't you never be influenced for them. You let the Bible influence you to the thing that's right. And that's wrong. now. And then we we shout and dance and speak in tongues and and uh the glory of God we claim is on us and then go out to such as that. There's something wrong. I believe in these things, these uh shouting and speaking in tongues and dancing in the spirit. But brother, how could God tolerate such a thing as that when he's against it? And he says so in his word. Hallelujah. And our women has become in our churches uh which is merely practiced many times dressing sex appeal. It's very seldom ever spoke against from the pulpit. And yet we shout and jump around and speak in tongues. That's the reason that this great move called Pentecostal is not getting any worse because there's no sincerity behind it. It becomes an emotion. Glory to God. And because I say them things, many say he's a woman hater. He He's different from It's not trying to be different. It's trying to be sincere. I believe that we're in the last days and we got a a great message, but all of our shouting and speaking in tongues will be of no effect. You can see it among us. You can see that we're growing in numbers. But are we growing in power? We're still on the same grounds that we were when we started 40 years ago where we should already be over in the promised land influence. One minister's wife let down and did this and one minister started so and so and the rest just started. Oh, may we like uh the Ezekiah here that let's not let nothing influence us but the word of God. Let that be our influence. Uh bring ourselves back to the faith, back to the correction of the scripture, no matter what the rest of the world has to do. And we brethren, many of the brethren who belong to organization which practically it's all got little groups. I have nothing against that. That's all right. But when we going to get the place that we feel that ours is the only group that we got it and the other fella hasn't got nothing to do with it that is being influenced by the higherups in the organization that we should make our organization to grow. We are to make the kingdom grow. We are here to influence and we will never be an influence to the outside world as long as we're trying to influence them to some organization because they've been that before we were born. Let's take the stand for God and his word and fellowship and get all brethren. Let us not draw a line and say if you don't tow to this, let's reach a hand across the line. Amen. Be brethren. That's the reason I have been so sold on this year. Christian businessman's full gospel fellowship. That's the reason that Methodists and Presbyterians and so forth where the ministers could not seem to reach across there. But the businessmen broke down those traditions. They're helping doing that thing. Now, if we can just keep it beat out of their heads to organize, which it looks like they're headed that way, and when they do, that's me out because I'm here to stand for what is true. [Applause] You never want that. That's the thing that very I wish to speak on one of these nights. Samson standing that same place. So uh somewhere along the line now let's watch what our influence is. Now we see uh uh Uzzekiah here. He was a great man and we find out because that he took those terrific stands that he did that you know his kingdom was next to Solomon's he spread out even all the countries around about uh loved him and and they paid tribute to his kingdom. And we find out even weighed down in Egypt, his influence was felt. And this being the way he stood in this young prophet standing there before the king, he it was a great influence to Isaiah. how that God would bless any man that would be true to his word, regardless of what his politics tried to influence him to, regardless of what anything else tried to be. Hezekiah was determined to stay with the word and God blessed him and Isaiah saw it. I bet as usual, just like a group of people, just like the remark that I said about the businessman, when Uzzekiah begin to feel secure and he had just about got everything in the kingdom that God had for him, he got lifted up in his heart. Now, that's what's happened to our denominations all through the ages when they feel like they're big enough to say, "Now, we're that," then they get lifted up and that's when God leaves them. That's right. And if the businessman gets to that spot where we have, as brother Williams said, 15, but God can do more with 15 in his hand than he could with 1500 out of his hand. That's right. That's true. But we appreciate 1500 in his hand instead of 15 in his hand. If they'll all stay in his hand, that's the main thing. being influenced not by what great numbers we are, but by what a great God that we're representing and the kind of life that is in us by him that will influence others. Jesus said, "You are the salt of the earth." But if the salt has lost its savior, it is henceforth good for nothing, cast out, caught under the feet of man. We must never forget that we are salt. But if its salt loses its strength, that's its its power to contact. And salt can only save as it contact. And if it loses its power of contact, then it is no more salt, but it's sand. It's to be made walks. And when we lose our influence as a father, as a mother, as a Christian, as a businessman, as a minister, when we lose our influence with people. Now, we can be very popular in the line of the world and go wrong with the world. But I mean as what we represent, we represent Christ. When we lose our influences that as standing out, how can we blend in with the day when God so against the day? How could Micah say, "Go on up and prosper? My vision's right with yours." When he know that God had cursed that evil people, his vision had to be contrary. And a man's vision today that could go with the trend of the world and still remain a minister. There's something wrong with the man's vision. You know what God said about this rich Leoian church? Put him on the outside. We cannot stand with the popular belief and vote of the day. We've got to be against that thing. Now, so it this king got along fine until he found out that all the nations were steering him. He become largely uh populated. His kingdom got built up and he got lifted up in his heart with pride. You see, we're just I'm just a big man now. And that's the way out. The way up is down. How do you know which is up or down? Because if the world stand in space, how do you know which is up or down? So always he that humbles himself, God will exalt. Hallelujah. He that exalts himself, God will bring to a base. Amen. He'll bring him down. Always keep humble and be little in your own sight. No matter what God does for you, just see how much more humbler you can be all the time. More God blesses you, just keep get more humble all the time. He can continue to bless. But when you get to a place you think, I got it. You haven't got it. You're on your road out. You lose your influence. You lose the the strength of your testimony. When you women begin to uh want to be like the rest of women, there's something wrong. When you man, you ministers be trying to become like uh pattern after somebody else. When you businessmen trying to do business on the scale that somebody else would do it on because they're prospers, prosperity don't always represent success in Christ. Sometimes very much to the contrary. That's right. Now pride he got lifted up and he thought what a great fellow I am so much he got lifted up till he tried to take the place of a minister. He goes into the temple which p picked up the censure of fire and went up to the altar of incense. Now that was only consecrated man can do that. Now as I have said before so say that again businessmen are not preachers. We preachers have enough time to try to keep this thing straight. Let alone businessmen. You all are businessmen not ministers. And don't take the place of one or try to because you're not called for such. If you want somebody to speak at your conventions, get a preacher. Somebody's called to do so. Because you see what a struggle us ministers has got. So, you see what you do? And Hezekiah here, he tried to to take the place of a priest. He thought, "Well, God's blessed me. Why can't I do it?" Don't you never get that in your head? God calls and predestinates and forains to his glory. Nothing. You remember in the Bible when Moses was bringing Israel out of Egypt across to to the promised land, do you remember one in there, Dayan and those who got lifted up and said, "Now wait a minute, Moses, you try to be the only one on the beach. There's other holy men among here." And God said, "Separate yourself because I will destroy him." God had orained a certain thing to be done and it must be done that way. We're not to inject our own ideas. We're to respect his idea and his commandments. And not referring back to our sisters, but at the no matter what the other woman does, God's got your pattern laid here. That's right. No matter what uh some other layman done in the Bible, God's got your pattern here. What to do? We'll get to it after perhaps what the layman is to do. And the minister, all of us has our places and we must abide in our calling. Now, we find out that this man got lifted up. So he uh uh took the sensor and went forth to the altar which was only permitted by God to consecrated man to that office. He tried to take the minister's place and then the minister tried to correct him. We find out that four score priests besides the high priest come after him and told him sir. In other words like this God has blessed you. You're an honored man. You're a great man. And God has blessed you in your work, but you you shouldn't do that. You're getting off of the beaten road. Oh, how I could say some things here. Yes. Getting off the beaten road. But uh be it the thing is the way it is, let's try to conserve what we can get a hold of. think uh he said you're off the track for the word of God says so and so only Aaron's generation shall do this for Aaron and him alone and his children so king we honor you respect you a great man but don't try to do that and was he humbled no sir he thought God's blessed me so I'll just do what I want do. Now, watch my brethren. Be careful there because no matter how much God has filled you with his spirit and how much that you have done and how well you've been blessed, you stay with the calling of God. Don't get off on some traditions and organizational schemes and so forth. You better come back to the path. better come back to what God laid down at the beginning. Now, so we find out that this man when he was corrected instead of humbled himself and admitting that the word was right and God was right, he become angry. In other words, uh uh he was ready to kick him out of his organization. He was uh he was very upset about it, very perplexed and oh he got angry and he have to turn around and say now you just wait a minute you realize who I am now when you're corrected by the word of God you must be subject to the word and he said uh he would do as he pleased he was the head of the thing so he he'd just do as he wanted to and you know what happened. He was smitten with leprosy. And while his anger, rage was upon him, the priest detected the leprosy in his face. Now you say, well, what you mean leprosy represents is is a type rather of sin. And when a man won't stand correction by the word of God, he's full of leprosy. blows up and carries on. What does you what do you do? You ruin your influence. See, something happens. People knows and can tell the word that you're corrected by that you're not going to do it. Therefore, you ruin your influence. And it hurt this fellow. Anger got on him. And while he was in his anger, leprosy was in his face. And we find out that he not only did he drop the censor, but he ran from the house of God to never be able to return again. Because no matter how great he was and how much influence he had had, he when he was corrected then he refused to take his correction because his social standing had become more to him than the word of God had become. I'm sure you understand what I'm driving at. It become more to him. His position as king become more to him than the word of God. When this businessman's organization gets to that place, when the minister of his organization gets to that place, then he's done. Don't faint when you're rebuked. When you read something in the scripture and you know that you should humble yourself and follow the word of God in the path that he ordained for you walk in, then you don't do it. Then first thing you know, it's over. your influence is spoiled. Now we must remember that and this young prophet what a lesson that was to him. Then when he seen this king by this very thing, Isaiah learned one of his greatest lessons that no matter how great a man might be, how much influence he might have, but when he fails to walk in light, when he fails to obey God, then his influence is ruined and he's stuck off the field. Another thing Isaiah learned, he learned by this, that God orders his man to his place. Not you putting yourself in that place, but God puts his man in place. We must recognize that. I've often used this. Uh I like to hunt, as you know, up in the north when when the winter starts coming in, little ducks is born up there on the ponds. And as soon as that first cold breeze uh tops the mountains and a few flakes of snow falls, now that little duck was born in the spring up on that lake and he never was off the lake. He knows nothing about anything else but that lake. But just as sure as that breeze blows and he feels that breeze blow, he runs right out in the middle of that, swims out there and raises a little nose up the air and honks a few times and every duck on the pond will come right to him. And he'll raise up with that instinct in him knowing that soon that pond's going to be frozen as he can go. He will. Why? There's something in him. It's a God-given instinct and he uses it. It guides him. Now, what does it do? What if he went a if that instinct led him farther north, then he would know there was something wrong and those ducks wouldn't follow him because he's going contrary to the regular path. And when we get ourselves to a place that we try to lead people contrary, they say, "Well, we the Methodists has got it. We the Baptist has got it." That isn't it. God's got it. That's right. And in the beginning was the word and the word is with God and the word was God and the word still is God. So it's God that's God. So let's lead that way down the beaten path. Hallelujah. And not try to lead some other way. And then we find out that this little duck being that he was now the rest of the ducks seem to have any uh anything but amen. Because there something about that little fell that they knew the way that honk that bugle that he blowed. They they knew that he had the truth. And there's something about the gospel for the power of the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Praise God. Paul said, "If the trumpet gives an uncertain sound, who will know how to prepare himself for a battle?" Now, but when the gospel gives a sound, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we watch it and see that it's the truth and it's with the word, that's the thing that influences a real devil. Now there's others on the pond like water guineies and so forth they have another way mud hins and all such but they stay their own way but the real duck goes on God placed that little duck there and give him that because God placed him to be that and now God has set in the church God not the organization not the achievement of man to make bishops and so forth presbyers but God set in the church first apostles that's missionaries second prophets teachers pastors evangelists God set them in the church and every bugle will blow the same the same gospel. If he's a prophet he blows the bugle of prophet he foretells the things that is to come and hits every time. Now a little girl come to me the other day. She may be sitting present now and she said, "Brother Brandon, uh, I gave you a dream and I in this dream I I had a certain thing I I want you to tell me." And I sit down. Now, if there's any out in here outside of Pentecostal realms, let me excuse myself to you a moment. And she said, "You never told me my dream." I said, "Honey, sit down just a minute." And I said, "Your father and mother are very good friends of mine, retired farmers who came from a long ways to sojourn with us." And I said, "They they believed me as a servant of Christ. You're just a child about 12 years old. I think she goes to school with my Becky." And I said, "Look, you're going to meet a lot of things out here, honey, in the name of Christianity." And I said, 'When you find a man that's got every interpretation just like this, got every this just like that in the name of the Lord, I said, 'You be careful about that. That's contrary to the scripture. Jesus said there was many lepers in the days of Elijah, but only one was sent to him. One, many widows in the days of Elisha, but only one was he sent to many things that Jesus did not do. Many times those gimmicks, it's got to ever answer. Be careful. When somebody stands up and speaks in the name of the Lord, that must be true. It must be exactly the truth. You might in your mind be impressed. I said, "Now honey, I believe I could tell you what I think your dream is, but to tell you in the name of the Lord, no sir, cuz she knows the things." I said, "Have I ever spoke to you in the name of the Lord about what had happened?" I said, "Thousands has come and said this, that." I said, "I cannot tell you what your dream is till I see it over again." And then he tells me. Then I say, "The Lord told me." Until then, I don't know. I don't want to take my own influence, my own opinions. I can't say thus sayeth the Lord because that's me thinking it. That's the best of my opinion. We must be sincere because we've got the greatest thing in the world. The greatest treasure of heaven is Christ among us. Why do we want to substitute some little influence to try to make ourselves somebody big among somebody here? Why not be a humble servant to Christ? And I said, "That's the reason I can tell you about the Bible." I said, "If I told you I was going to Arizona, I suppose your mother and father is going along to the businessman's convention." Said they are. I said, 'What if I told you the first night, I told you now in the name of the Lord that there would be a a woman coming in crippled and should be such a way as you've heard it said. And then that woman has been crippled for so many years, immediately after prayer, she'll get up and walk away. I said, what if I would tell you then in the middle of meeting a lady had a waterhead baby and as soon as we prayed, the baby's head was going normal. At the end of the meeting, there would be four men bearing a dead man that had been dead for so many days, they brought him. They were wearing dark suits and describe them. And as soon as I asked our heavenly father, his spirit would return to him. And I said, "But you know it has taken place." Now I said, "Then I'd say your little brother," he's a little 5-year-old toen. I said, "What if he gets killed on the street and he's going to get killed and you're going to bring him to me and I'll be standing by a a doorstep where there's a man with a light suit on. I'll be speaking to him and your little brother is going to be made whole. Now I said then if that taken place what if you went out there then and that woman arthoratic or whatever it was paralyzed woman wasn't there? What if the waterhead baby wasn't there? Then you're all mixed up in your mind. You don't know. and I spoke to you and told you thus sayeth the Lord. I said then my influence is lost. You might need me sometime real bad. I said, "But what if the woman is there? What if the waterhead baby is healed? What if the man is raised from the dead? Then your little brother gets killed. You wouldn't even cry. You say, "Daddy, let me have him. I'm going to show you the glory of God." Why? It was right here. It was right there. It was right there. It was right there. Every time it's right, then you know it's right. I said, "That's the reason we want to believe the word of God." In the Garden of Eden, it was spoke of a Messiah to come for a savior. The prophets foresaw it. He came just exactly the way the Bible said. Nebuchadnezzar dreamed a dream and Daniel interpreted him of the kingdoms of the Gentiles perfectly every time and everything the Bible has ever spoke of. The Bible says it year. History says it happened. The Bible said year. History says it happened. Now we're at the time of the rapture. It's going to happen because it's been perfect every other time. It's got to be perfect this time. God is calling out a people. Hallelujah. And it's a time. That's it. We got to be sincere. Amen. We thank God for his word tonight. Amen. So, let us take these requests. First, we have a few uh praise here tonight. We can all stand to our feet. Brother Kim's little grandson Charlie, he was released home and he wanted to thank the church for praying for him. And let's thank the Lord for that, for bringing that little baby home. Also, um, Brother Trevor got a job. He told me he's been praying about that. So the Lord answer their request for a job for brother Trevor. How many can say praise the Lord for that. Amen. So yeah. So we thank the Lord for that. By way of announcements, as we announced before that brother Ron's meeting are this weekend and also Jericho Tabernacle with brother Marco Santana, they have meetings and brother Chris Long in um Cottonwood. He has meetings this weekend. So be in prayer for for all those brothers and the meetings that they have. I want to keep brother Dave Cook in prayer. Dave Cook Jr. He had a surgery. Um, and the doctors couldn't finish the operation because the way the tumor was placed near his brain there. So, they're trusting the Lord to bring him through this. And um, we put ourselves in their shoes. Amen. and we go to the Lord thinking, "What if that was my dad or or me or my spouse or my family member?" He's one of us. He's a believer. And so, let's go to the Lord for our dear brother, Brother Dave Jr., he's a fine brother. How many know him? Fine brother. We love him. And so, we're going to pray to the Lord for him. Urgent prayer requests for the Barber family from Sister Heather, her nephew Joshua. He's battling depression. So, we want to pray for Joshua. Sister Heather Barber's nephew. Also, Sister Holly Boyd, that's Trevor, Trevor's grandmother. She has surgery tomorrow at 700 a.m. Want to keep Sister Holly in prayer. Um, also brother uh Doug that comes here, his sister Annette Wilson, she needs a touch in her body, I believe. Yes, she needs prayer. So, we want to pray for Annette Wilson. Amen. Also pray for one another. Is there someone else that has a request tonight you'd like to make known? Sister Okay. Yes. We'll pray for Sister Joyce sister there back east in Arkansas, I believe. Pray for her. Is there another one that has a request here tonight? You'd like to make known. Amen. Always pray for one another. Pray for me. I'll pray for you. Amen. Let's sing that song. Humble yourself before the Lord and King. So humble yourself before the Lord and King. Give him your heart. Offer your everything. There's no limit of the love he has for you. So humble yourself, see what God will do. So humble yourself for the Lord and King. Give them your heart. Offer you [Music] everything. There's no limit on the love he has for you. So humble yourself. See what God will do. One more time. Oh, humble yourself for the Lord and King. Yes, Lord Jesus, help us. Heart, you're everything. For there's no limit on the love he has for you. Humble yourself. See what God will do. Amen. What a powerful message tonight. Oh, I thank God for this message. It's so clear. It's so clean and it's actually what we have need of for the rapture. And so, let us pray for one another sincerely with all of our heart. Amen. God bless you. You can come forward and pray right at the altar. Can pray at your seat. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary. Let's stand and sing that. Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and [Music] true, and with thanksgiving living. I'll be a living sanctuary for you. Is that your prayer tonight? Oh Lord, prepare me to be a [Music] sanctuary, pure and [Music] holy, tried and true. [Music] With thanksgiving, I'll be a [Music] living [Music] sanctuary for you. Amen. This is the quote that was coming to me earlier this week. It's in the where brother Vandom says the the angel of the Lord for the angel has talked with me said my thoughts in heaven was louder than my voice on earth. And I just been meditating on that. Sometimes we let little thoughts come and we can't stop them from coming but we start dwelling on them. And those thoughts, he can hear those. And so what if my thoughts are clean and righteous and holy and that's what I want. That's the atmosphere I want in my life. Don't you? Amen. Lord, help us. Amen. We'll sing that. Um, I love you and Lord, I love you. I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, you are so precious to me. Oh Lord, you are so preious to me and I love you, Lord. I love [Music] you because you first love me and I love you and I love love you Lord. I love you because you first love me. Lord, you are so precious. thinking Lord you are so preious to me. Lord, you are so preious to me and I love of you, Lord. I love you because you first love me. I love you. Yes, I [Music] love you, Lord. I love love you because you first love me. Amen. We'll bow our heads. Brother Miguel, why don't you come and dismiss us in a word of prayer? Bless you. Dear Lord Jesus, we thanks for this time you've given us. We give you time, Lord God, in the middle of the week, Lord Jesus. We just give you thanks, Lord God. Lord, that we can come, Lord, and call you Aba Father. We can call you our beloved. And like David said, we can bless your name. With these unclean lips, we come before you, Lord, blessing your name, Lord God, for the blood of Jesus Christ. We give you thanks. We expect Lord God an answer Lord because we believed our prayer. You told us to come boldly. So Lord give us strength Lord God in that. We give you thanks Lord God as we dismiss ourselves not from you Lord not from each other but as we go in one accord in in unity and love Lord God we give you thanks Lord. We give you honor Lord. Give you thanks in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Thank you. So precious to me and I love God bless you. You're dismissed. God be with you. Yes, I love Lord. I love you because you first love me. Love me. Oh, and I love you, Lord. I love you because you first love me. [Music] Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, I love you. I love you [Music] because you first love me. [Music] Yes, I love you, Lord. I love because you first love me, Lord. Lord, you are so precious to me. Lord, you are so precious to me. I love you. [Music] Love you because you first. Love you. Love me, Lord. I love you. you because you first love me. [Music]
