################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - Sunday Evening  10-19-25 - William M. Branham.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   Sunday Evening  10-19-25
Speaker: William M. Branham
Church:  Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Tape Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6VYvlNdIeo
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh holy name you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Why don't we stand as we sing the verse to him? Lord, you deserve the glory and the honor and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands to worship as we lift your holy name. You deserve the glory and the honor. [Music] Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we lift your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you, Lord. There is no one. Brother Ben, would you come open our service tonight with a word of prayer? Amen. [Music] Let us pray. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, that you allowed us to come here tonight, Lord. We pray that you would be here, Lord, that you would bless us, Lord, and speak to us, whatever you have for us, Lord, as we heard this morning, Lord, that the times and the seasons, Lord, and believing that your cycle for the bride is right around us, Lord. it. We know it's getting close, Lord. We see the signs of the time. We see the nation in an uprise, Lord. And we see nature just going berserk, Lord. We say we know that's the the prophet told us that's the uh sixth seal is the interruption of nature. So everything's there, Lord. Help us Lord to wake up Lord to come into full realization Lord to become one with you is our desire here Lord bless us Lord but pray for the sick heal the sick Lord and let your will be done Lord thank you Lord we ask that you bless our pastor be with him whatever he has for us Lord whatever is in his heart Lord our hearts open for it Lord thank you Lord we love you we appreciate you Lord have your way, Lord. We pray thee in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; The people in the back, we did not have the songs for them before service, so they're going to be uh maybe playing catchup a little bit. But maybe if we have the song, Who I Am. Oh, Glorious Victory. That day he set me free. Oh, glorious victory. That day he set me free and made my heart his very throne. My life is no longer mine. I'm a prisoner of the divine and now I dare to praise his name. Oh I am Lord who I am. Oh, I can see now just who I am. A part of my Savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation of who I am. on Calary he died to redeem his loss for I. The King of Kings became my Savior. This is God's great mystery of love expressed to me that Christ and I might be made one. [Music] Oh I am Lord. Oh who I am. I can see now is who I am. A part of my savior, a part of his word. It's a revelation. It's predestination of who I am. Amen. You can be seated. Hallelujah. It's so good to be together again. And I always look forward to the evening services, the Sunday evening in the cool of the evening when God came into the garden to speak with his people. And you know, sometimes we look around, it's not quite as full on a Sunday night as a Sunday morning, but he's promised that we're two or three gathered together. He's here. And as long as he is here, I don't care who else is here. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if it's just he and I tonight, that's what if we can just shut everything else out and just get to that point where Lord, it's just just you and I tonight. I don't care who's looking at me. I don't care about anything other than just being in your presence, making you welcome and and hearing from you. And so that's what my expectation is this evening. How many can say that's that's why you're here as well tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. These are the days of Elijah declaring the words of the Lord. These are the days of Elijah declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of your serant Moses righteousness being restored. [Music] And though these are days of great trials, with famine and darkness and sorrow, still we are a voice in the desert. Christ prepare ye the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun. At the trumpets fall, lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee and out of Zion till salvation comes. And these are the days of Ezekiel, the dry bones becoming as flesh. And these are the days of your servant David rebuilding the temple of praise. And these are the days of the harvest. The fields are as wide in the world. And we are the laborers in your vineyard. Declaring the word of the Lord. Holy comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. The year of jubilee out of Zion till salvation comes. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. It's the year after Zion till salvation comes. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. It's the year of Jubilee and out of Zion till salvation comes. [Music] Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like a sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice. It's the year of jubile out of Zion here. Salvation comes. [Music] &gt;&gt; How many can say amen to that? There's no God like Jehovah. Amen. Key of Eflat. Where could I go but to the Lord living below in this whole sinful world? Hardly a comfort can afford. Striving alone to face temptation. So oh where could I go but to the Lord? I'm asking you where could I go? Tell me where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? The last verse. Life here is grand. Life here is grand. With friends I love so dear. And comfort I get from God's own word. [Music] Yet when I face the chilling hand of death, tell me where could I go but to the Lord. I'm asking you where could I go? Where could I go? seeking a refuge for my soul and needed a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? Sing it one more time as we stand. I'm asking you, where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a prayer to help me in the end. Oh, where could I come unto the Lord? [Music] Amen. Brothers, if you'd come for the offering and brother Galante, if you would take the request, brother Chris Smith, haven't seen him the services today. He had been asking us to remember his brother-in-law Troy Petty in our prayers. Brother Troy went went on to the other side on Friday. So, just pray for the the Smith family, the Petty family, and those that are that are going through that. Jesus promises, "Blessed are they that mourn for they'll be comforted." And he uses he uses us. We're his hands. We're his we're his mouth. We're the people that he can use to comfort in times like this. And so just pray for Chris and and sister Carlina. It's Carlina's sister's husband is is is who that was. So remember, brother Joe, if you could bring the rest of the needs for us. Thank you. Amen. Just a few prayer requests. We uh our brother Jonathan Mmbi, he sits over there. Uh he had to leave work. He's sick. Brother Art and his family, Art Salceto. Unspoken request, of course. Bobby Wart's family. Brother Chuck and Sister Barbara. Uh condolences there. Brother Jim Alexander in Mesa, he's a deacon there and he's got a serious situation in the hospital. Abby and Trevor Boyd not feeling well. Of course, the November meetings also. Let's go to him in prayer. Father God, we know there's no place for us to go but to the Lord. Lord, you've always provided for us. You're our shepherd, Lord. we shall not want. You lead us, Father, by the still waters. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, we know that goodness and mercy shall follow us all the days of our life. &gt;&gt; So, Father, as a church, Father, we just unite right now for all of these needs. Lord, we come against any plan of the enemy that would put anything on your children, Father. Lord, we just rebuke them in Jesus' name. And we hold up that blood stained banner, Lord, the stripes that you took, Father. And we ask you to have mercy, Lord, on everyone for other this brother Troy and his that has passed, Lord, and his family. We pray, Lord, that you'd comfort and console them also. Lord Jesus, without you, we could do nothing. Lord, we pray for brother Israel and the remainder of the service that you'd have your way. Lord, that the junction of the Holy Ghost, the anointing, Father, would be there, Lord, on our lives and on our ears, Father, that we would take heed how we hear, Lord Jesus. We're grateful for the revelation of yourself. It's personal to us, Father. Lord, we give you all the glory and the praise. In thy mighty name we ask it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. [Music] He is here. You can't touch him. You will never be the same. Let's put the first verse upon that if we could. I sense an awesome moving of the Holy Spirit. And I see his countenance resting on your face. [Music] And I know that there are angels hovering all around us. For the presence of the Lord is in this place. [Music] Yes, he is here. Hallelujah. He is here. Amen. He is hereless. Mostly I will bless his name again. Oh, he is here. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He is here. You can touch him, you will never [Music] amen, praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank God for his presence. Amen. We want to we're going to play the tape tonight. But before we do, I wanted to read a scripture in Romans 1 and then we'll play two portions of the conversion of these two infidels I didn't get to this morning and I think it'll be a blessing to each of us. Amen. And if you take Romans chapter 1 quickly, good to see you again, Sister Schul. Amen. God bless her richly and happy to see each of you. Amen. Romans chapter 1. I've been trying to encourage uh myself and the Lord to uh to be a witness of just the light on water baptism. I think we miss many people because we uh want to share with them the great light, but many of them are just in a false baptism. And if we can bring them there and they accept that, then the Lord will give them more light. And so, um, it's so beautiful. We have the truth on that. Water baptism is in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, but a lot of people don't even know that. So, it's a beautiful little opportunity that I feel like we missed. We may have missed. Yesterday, we had a funeral service at for brother Art's first cousin there in Phoenix. And it was a low crowded group there nice group of people but you know not all Christians and some of them were good poor most of them were not believers and we had the opportunity to share with them and I really wanted to open up the opportunity for um feel like I missed it to give them the opportunity to get an understanding of more of the word more of truth And um but it turns out a number of them were asking to have a Bible study. And so pray for that. This is Art's desire. He's always been witnessing to his family and here they are are at this event. Sad, but they were all there and we got a chance to to minister the word of life. Just a small portion. I took a little truth. Three kinds of believers. believer make believer and unbeliever. Which one are you? And so nice little truth from the message, just a little appetizer. You're like, "Okay, let's hear some more of that." And so we'll we'll ask the Lord to help us on that. In Romans chapter 1, this Oh, I forgot that Bible in the living Bible. I just wanted to read that um part there in Romans chapter 1, but verse number 19. Maybe someone can get that Bible off my desk. It's the hard bound. John, you got it. Thank you. And just we'll read this and we'll have you seated. because that which may be known of God is manifest in them. For God hath showed it unto them. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and godhead, so that they are without excuse. Amen. He's gonna actually turn it in for me. Thank you, John. That's service right there. I want to read this from the uh let me see what translation this is. I'll tell you New Living Translation. Okay. Um I'm a King James guy. Okay. I'll read from another translation just to get the definition of a word. Is that okay? &gt;&gt; You use Google for many understandings. So this is just to get this word here. And I want to read this in verse number 17. This good news tells us how God makes us right in his sight. This is this is accomplished from the start to finish by faith. As the scriptures say, it is through faith that a righteous person has life. But God shows his anger from heaven against all sinful wicked people who and our Bible says hold the truth but it says who suppress the truth by their wickedness. They know the truth about God because he has made it obvious to them. For ever since the world has was created, people have seen the earth and sky through everything God made. They can clearly see his invisible qualities, his eternal power and divine nature. So they have no excuse for not knowing God. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It's so nice because this onslaught of atheism &gt;&gt; and agnosticism and unbelief has darkened the age. And we have and and even our young people and some of us that influence tries to get on us and they tell us they don't believe in God anymore. Don't you believe it. The Bible says they clearly see cuz God has revealed himself to them. They do believe in a God. They're just suppressing the truth. And I think once you know that, you won't give up on the infidel or the unbeliever. &gt;&gt; So may God add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated. God bless you. They suppress the truth or they hold the truth. Now, there's two God bless you. Thank you, sis. Um there's two places that we will play for you and there are two testimonies and then we'll play the message thy house that brother Brandham is going to um take that and that's about 45 minutes or so of that tape that will bless all of our hearts and in the message this testimony Lord show us the father and it sufficeth us is paragraphs 79 to 82 and if they have that yes thank you be sincere be humble devoid that's right and Dr. Davis standing there and old Methodist bishop was sitting there but this young preacher the young Roy Davis he was standing there but this bishop that infidel said any of you guys and some of the minister saying Mark 16 from the 9th verse on is not inspired it isn't inspired so you can't depend on it he said well then I'll say there come unto me all you labor and heavy lad Matthew 11:27 said I say that's not inspired so he had him on a spot Roy said the Holy Ghost began to move on him. They stand up there. So he said the old bishop, he said, "If that infidel makes that challenge one more time, if I die in my shoes, I'll go to heaven believing God's word." &gt;&gt; So he said, "Now listen, son, sit down. Let him just He's just popping his own brain. Let him alone." So it's the Holy Spirit moving. So when he made that challenge, let a big haha ina hell his watch said, "If there's a God, I'll die in a minute." Wait for a minute. said, "Didn't I tell you what was no such a thing?" Haha, like that. Laughed out like that. So Roy when he made that challenge said, "What about some of you guys out there believing God for real?" So try this siric acid test. Now I'm not telling people to do that. Don't you do it. That's the Holy Ghost is with you. See, now I don't believe in taking up serpents. I believe if I was baptizing out in the water and a serpent grabbed me, I'd throw him out on the bank and go ahead and baptize like Paul did or something like that. If somebody slipped poison to me, I'd trust God for my healing. That's right. But I don't believe in bringing things said, "Come here and I'll show you I can do it." I think that's wrong. That's right. But brother Davis walked up to the platform. We got a notary public statement on this. He walked up there. He said, "Christian people," about two or three thousand sitting there. He said, "I'm 25 years old." He said, "I'm a minister of the gospel." And he said, "I I know that my God is able to deliver me from that." But said, "Nevertheless, if he does or does not, I'll never let that infidel stand there with that in his hand and challenged God's word." He said, "I'll meet you in glory." Grabbed it out of his hand, even in drank every drop of it right down. Stood there and preached the gospel. And about 1500 people received the baptism of the Holy Ghost sitting in the meeting. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Not that same infidel at coming back. He wanted to take a rest and he went out here in the western Colorado and he had a camp out there and he's walking down along the path there one day and he began walking along. He kind of felt kind of bad. His health is breaking on him and he had look up there and the wind is blowing them great big rocks hanging in the mountains. He said, "Wonder if I've been wrong." He got out. He said, "Oh, wherever you are, who you are." Said, "Look at those rocks hanging there. Have I been wrong? Has the water washed them away like that? Where did God place them there like that? What was it? God speaking in his universe. If they hold their peace, the preachers, the rocks will immediately cry out there. That infidel fell on his knees and gave his heart to God because the rocks was a crying out of God speaking out of mother nature to him. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; God is in his universe. Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; Oh my. I could stay on that another hour. Let's just stop a minute. God in his universe. I'll hurry at these others right quick. God. He said, "Would you don't mean you've got to low down till you have to tow a preacher with you wherever you go." So he's a rough old character. So I thought I'd bring you out of the car, you know. So I got out and walked around and um he said, "Well, and you're a preacher, huh?" I said, "Yes, sir." He looked me up and down. Squirrel blooded dirt and he said, I said, "Don't look much like you." He said, "Well, I kind of like that." He said, "You know, I want to tell you something." He said, "Uh, I'm supposed to be an infidel." I said, "Yes, sir. I understood that." I said, 'I don't think it's much to brag about, ow, do you? He said, 'Well, he said, 'I don't know.' He said, 'I going to tell you what I think of you guys.' I said, 'All right. He said, 'You're barking up the wrong tree. And uh how many knows what that means? See, it means it's a lying dog. You see, the coup's not up there at all. You see? He said, "You're barking up the wrong tree." I said, "That's to opinion." And uh he said, um, well, he said, "Look, you see that old chimney stand up there?" Yes, I was born up there 75 years ago. And said, I've lived right here in these hills all around here all these years. And said, I've looked towards the skies. I've looked here and there, and surely in all these 75 years, I would have seen something that looked like God. Didn't you think so? I said, well, it depends on what you're looking at here. What you're looking for? And he said, "Well," he said, "I I certainly don't believe there is such a creature, and I believe you fellas just simply get out and swindle the people out of their money and everything, and that's the way it goes." I said, "Well, uh, you're American citizen. You have a right to your own own thinking." He said, "There's one guy one time that I heard of. He said that I would sure um, if he ever get to talk with that fellow said, I'd like to to ask him a few questions." I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "It was a preacher. You might know him." Said he had a meeting up here in Camelsville not long ago in a church yard up there, a campground. And he said, "I forget his name." Said he's from Indiana. And I said, "Oh, yes, sir." And Brother Woodstar said, "Well, I don't say nothing." And so he said, "Um I said, 'What about him?" He said, 'Well, he said, 'Old, lady, somebody up there on the hill. Said, you know, she was dying with cancer. And said, wife and I would go up there of a morning to to uh change her bed. Said they couldn't even raise her up high enough to put her on the bed pan. Said they just had to pull a draw sheet and said she was dying. She had been to Louisville and said the doctors had give her up and said she was going to die. and her sister went up that meeting and said that preacher would stand up on a platform, looked back over the audience and called this woman by name and told her when she left, she took a handkerchief and put it in her her purse and called this woman's name down here 20 miles below here. Said how she was suffering with cancer, what her name was and all she had been through. Said, "Take that handkerchief and go lay it on the woman and said it the woman will be healed of her cancer." and said they come down here that night and said honest I heard the office screaming up there I thought they had the Salvation Army turned loose on top of the hill up there said well I said I guess old sister's dead said we'll tomorrow we'll go and get the wagon how we take her out to get to the main road and said so they can take her to the undertaker and said that we waited no need to go up that time of night said it's about a mile up on the hill here said we went up there the next morning and you know what happened I said no sir he said she was sitting there eating fried apple pies and drinking coffee with her husband. I said, "You mean that?" He said, "Yes, sir." Oh, I said, "Now, mister, you really don't mean that." He said, "What bothers me is what um how did that man never in this country and knew that?" And I said, "Oh, you don't believe that?" He said, "It's the truth." I said, "You believe that?" See, he's he said, "Well, go right up there on the hill. I can prove it to you." He's preaching back to me now. So I said I picked up a apple and and I said, "Can I have one of these apples?" I rubbed it on my clothes. He said, "Well, the yellow jackets are eating them up. I guess you can have one." And I said, "Uh, well um I bit bit into it." I said, "That's a nice apple." He said, "Oh, yes." Said, "You know what? I planted that tree there oh 40 years ago or something like that." I said, "Oh, is that right?" "Yes, sir." And I said, 'Well, um, and every year, I said, 'I noticed we haven't had no frost yet. It's early August. And I said, them leaves are falling off the trees. Yes, sir. That's right. It's coming on fall, but we're going to have a early one this time. I said, yes, sir. Change of subject. See? And he said, I said, well, do you know um uh it's strange. I said, um how that sap goes out of that tree. I said, leaves falls off and yet there's no um there haven't had no frost to kill the leaf. And he said, "Uh, well," he said, "Uh, what's that got to do with what we're talking about?" And I said, "Well, I I just wondered, you know, mama always said, give a cow enough rope and it'll hang itself, you know, so I just give him plenty of rope." So, he went on He said, "Well, yes. What's that got to do with it?" I said, "You know, uh, God brings them apples up and you enjoy those apples and leaves." He said, "In the shade and so forth, it goes down the fall of the year." I said, "Uh, comes back up again with the apples and with the leaves again." And, um, he said, "Oh, that's just nature." See, that's just nature. I said, "Well, of course that's nature." I said, "That's nature, but somebody has to control nature." See, I he said, "You tell me now what does that?" He said, "Well, it's just just naturally nature." I said, "Who is it that says to that little leaf now?" And uh I said, "Now the reason that leaf falls off is because the sap goes down into the root. And what if that sap stayed up in the tree through the winter time? What would happen?" Said, "It would kill the tree." Well, I said, "Now, what intelligence that runs that sap down into the roots?" Says, "Get out of here now. It's coming to fall the year. Get down in the roots and hide and stay down into the roots like a grave." And then next spring comes back up again, brings up more apples and brings up more leaves and things. He said, "That's just nature. It'll do it." Said, "The weather, the changing and all coming on fall." I said, "Set a bucket of water on the post out there and see if nature runs it down the bottom of the post and brings it back up again." Well, he said, "You might have something." I said, "Think of it while we go hunting." And he said, "Uh, well," he said, "Hunt where you want to." And I said, "When I come back, if you'll tell me what intelligence runs that sap out of that tree down into the roots to stay all winter and come back the next winter, I'll tell you that's the same intelligence that told me about that woman up there." Said, "Told you." I said, "Yes, sir." He said, "You're not that preacher." I said, "Would you know his name?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Brandom?" He said, "That's him." I said, "That's right." And you know what? uh led the old man to Christ right there on his own testimony. And a year later, I was down there and pulled a car, Indiana license zone, in the yard. They had moved away. He had died. And so when I come back, there stood his wife to really rake me over. I thought I had permission to hunt. And she come out there. She said, "Can't you read?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "Did you see those signs saying no hunting?" I said, "Yes, ma'am." But I said, "I I have permission." You do not have permission. he said and said, "We got this p place posted for many years." I said, "Well, sister, I I was wrong and I'm sorry." He said, "Sorry, nothing. Them Indiana licensed on there set up here. You're the boldest people." I said, "Could I just explain it?" I said, "Uh," she said, "Who gave you permission?" I said, "I don't know. Just" I said, "It was an elderly man sitting out on a porch when I was down here last year. We was talking about God." See, and she looked, she said, "Are you brother Brandon?" And I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "Forgive me. I didn't know who you were." She said, "I want to tell you his testimony. In his last dying hours, he raised up his hands and praised God." Said, "He died in Christian faith and was carried away to God." &gt;&gt; See, if they hold their peace, the rocks will immediately cry out. There's something in nature. &gt;&gt; That's Romans chapter one. They know it. The heavens declare it's right there. And the Lord caught this old man. One year later, he was gone. But the Lord had his hand over his life. Isn't that nice? &gt;&gt; Amen. He'll do it. And there's power. I just love the faith of Dr. Roy Davis to drink that poison like that. So, God bless you. Let's stand and let's sing Only Believe as we go to this tape, Thy House, a portion of that tape. And I know it'll be a blessing to you. Amen. Only believe, only believe that all things are possible. Holy beings. Only believe. All things are possible only. God bless you. You may be seated. Brother Brandham is preaching in the home there in Georgia. God bless you. Beg your pardon. That's not just where I wanted this where I wanted to start reading it. this I was reading a spot in here just get it just in a moment here we are it's 29th verse 28th verse again but Paul cried with a loud voice and said do thyself no harm for we are all here and they called for a light spring in and came trembling and fell down before Paul and Silas and besaw and brought them out and said, "Sers, what must I do to be saved?" They said unto him, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou shalt be saved and thy house." It's just one of these little twisting questions that I thought that I would like to speak of just a minute um about thy house being I see you each one so nicely have your house set in order your your children saved and and uh uh that's that's nice to have your family all Christians because uh we we own our families. We each want to think of our children and I certainly can command you a fine people down here of your lovely uh children. How you have them all in order and everything like that. Uh how do you do sister? Now I believe this is wasn't that mother just come in back there. The Lord bless you. I'm glad to see you again tonight. And I believe this is brother Willy's wife. Isn't that right? That's the boss of the family right there as I understand. Or that's way it goes at our house. and to have your house. Now Paul said here to um to this uh Roman centurion uh when he was we find out that Paul had been beaten the evening before command commanded by the magistrates and had been beaten because that uh he had done nothing evil. He'd been up there preaching the gospel and the clergy there had it against Paul of course he preached the gospel and they said this turning the world upside down and um he went down the street there's a little fortune teller a woman with a a spirit of fortune telling and uh she was hard to tell these fortunes and when they were going down the street she cry after Paul and say they're a man of God who tell us the way of of life and Paul didn't need the devil to assist him in anything. So he just turned around and rebuked that spirit and the woman and when it did, oh that caused an uproar. And when they found out the the spirit had left her and she could not tell no more fortunes. So the the one that had her hired out there and was probably taking care of her. Why? It caused a great uproar and they were beaten and put into jail. And I can imagine Paul and Silas laying back in that old buggy jail on the inner courts way back. The outside where the best prisoners was kept was bad enough, but they was on the inside and when they went way back this putting stocks. I don't know. Would y'all ever see stocks? I've had the privilege of seeing them. They they put them in your across your feet. Then they put them across your hands, then put them across your neck. And there you are sitting there. And the Chinese capsule punishment the way they used to is very cruel. They put them in those stocks and put a drip of water, just one drip at a time, falling on top their head like that until it just drove them insane. They'd sat there and give them nothing to eat or drink like that. Their her eyes would turn and everything and just horrible thing. They say the first few drops, of course, for maybe the first day it isn't so bad. But they say after a few days that those drops like 50 tons falling over time hit right in that same spot because you can't move your head. You're in those stocks. And just think that Paul and Silas for preaching the gospel was laying back in that old dirty place and probably rats and mice, bugs on them and everything. What a place for a man preaching the gospel. And we think today that we complain because we had things a little hard. Look what they did. and knowing what was waiting and perhaps execution the next morning. But they were faithful. They they were they stayed faithful and long about midnight in there. And I can just think of how they must have felt their backs sticking to the old dirt were prisoners and there leprosy and everything else in them days and laying against the old hard floor. Might have been a dirt floor, rats running over them. But in the midst of all of that, perhaps no supper and beaten till there was bleeding and bruised and sore and no doctor to wash out the wounds or anything for infection that we'd use today or something like that. Just throw them back there and put them in the stocks and put them in that condition. But they wasn't complaining. Not one word of complaint came from them. and knowing maybe the next morning they the magistrates would probably uh call them before the emperor and when they did or the Sanhedrin and they'd be executed for preaching this heresy that was called in them days the gospel that we truly earnestly contend for that same faith today and um then when we go to thinking about that then the miles gets a little shorter between one another you see each time we go to think about it and um then we uh find out that along about midnight Right. Uh Paul and Silas uh must have talked about the Lord until about midnight. And then they begin to sing hymns, some good old Christian song. Oh, if we'd sing today, we'd sing there's power in the blood or Oh, how I love Jesus or something like that. And when they begin to sing, all of a sudden an earthquake struck the place. And notice how done instead of piling those walls of that big old building right in on top of them and them and mashing them to death, it shook the walls away from them. And not only that, but it it it broke the stocks and bars loose from them and they were set free. I think over their feet, over their hands, and over their neck. They were set free. Every one of them. And instead of that big old heavy Roman prison breaking in on them, it fell away from them like this. And not only that, but the shackles and things fell off of them. See, that's our God when we hold out faithful. See, we must stay faithful as long as we're faithful. And you know, we not we may not be in that kind of a shape. We none of us may get I hope we don't get like that, but we can be faithful in what we got to what we have to go through with. Maybe it's a persecution. Maybe it's somebody laughs at you. Maybe somebody says you're old time, you're holy roller or whatever they might want to call you or make fun of you or something. Let's be faithful just the same because God respects our faithfulness to that just the same as he was respect their faithfulness to what they were they had to go through with. And then all of a sudden when the Roman prisoner, the centurion must uh must uh the guard at the door, he must have thought that that night when Paul and Silas are talking on scripture, he must have learned something because he didn't know the man. But he must have knowed some way or heard their singing or something that caused him to know right quick that they were holy man. Because you see that he was a Roman and they were Jews and he was a pagan and they were Christians. But did you notice as soon as he found out that there was that the prison had been shut down and he noted he'd have to answer for that century. You remember the time of Elijah when he had himself disguised and met King Ahab out there and said I was a sentry and my life of course was staked with the man and he got away and and he said well you pay for it then with your life that's the duty of a sentry. So he unwrapped himself and said he was Elijah the prophet and said you let it the king go a and said you you'll pay with it with your own life and he did do it. So then uh we find out that this Roman centurion knowing that he had answered with his own life for these he pulled out his sword as soon as he found out he gone and started to kill himself take his own life instead of have to go through punishment some of the maybe setting them same kind of stocks and so forth until he died. So he thought he just end it all up and jerk out his sword and kill himself. But quickly Paul screamed out when he saw it and said do yourself no harm for we're all here. See, and the man realized then that there must have been something taken place before that that made this man to know that they were Christian men or holy men because quickly he fell down at their feet. I'd imagine he heard them singing songs. He heard them testifying. He heard their conversation. Now, let's just think a minute, folks. If that Roman centurion was convinced and convicted because that he heard them two men beaten prisoners. Now we still free and we're not beat or prisoners. But here in their testimony had such an influence till it caused him to say, "What must I do to be saved?" Then what are we to do with our influence? See, we should be testifying. You young people, whatever it is, you may not preach. Maybe God never called you to preach, but you if you're a housewife or whatever you are, teenager, let's do something, you know, that and live a life that makes the people say, "Well, that that's a Christian going there. That that's a Christian." And um so we find that this fellow must have been impressed some way for them songs or whatever they were doing in there to realize they were Christians. So, um, he got a light and when he come in and seen that there stood Paul, even the prisoners back in there, none of them was trying to get away. Everybody was there. So, he he put up his sword and fell down by the feet of Paul and Silas and said, "Sers, what must I do to be saved?" Now, did you notice you and I today and most all ministers or so forth, we're always trying to tell a fellow what not to do? We'd say, "Now, quit your smoking. Quit your lying. Quit your stealing. Quit your this or that." Now, that that wasn't what the man asked. He he didn't say, "What I have to quit doing to be saved." He said, "What must I do to be saved?" See, we try to tell them what they must stop doing. See, and say, "Well, I must uh do this, that, or the other." No. See, that is the question. What must I do, not what must I stop doing? But you just do what you're supposed to do, and all the rest of it will take care of itself. you're lying, stealing or or drinking, gambling, and doing the things that's evil. It'll stop when you do what Paul answered his question. What must I do to be saved? He said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. And thy and thy house shall be saved." The reason I thought about saying this because you people here, most of you, your your children are saved. See, they're Christians. I've admired brother Evans family, these young men here. Usually, who would you get a teenager sit around listening to someone preacher talk? Well, they'd be out and gone somewhere. Little girls like that. I said to Brother Fred, his kids, why they they can just hear me say one thing, it's wrong. They're ready to stop it right now. You see, and set with the highest respect instead of being out hot rodding, rambling around, they'll when they hear you speak about the gospel, they're ready to sit right there and listen. See, now I know we all want think our kids as renegades and things like that, but we we must stop that. I I believe it. We must remember that these kids are the best kids in the world because they're our children and we claim them for God. Now, your salvation will not save that child. But now Paul said said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thy and thy house shall be saved." Now he Now what did he mean by that? He didn't mean that because they were saved that their house would be saved with it. He meant this that because they were if he had enough faith to be saved himself, his same amount of faith that he had for himself would work for his children. See what I mean? Now I've got my children. There's my little son, Joseph, Billy, Sarah, Rebecca. Well, now I want to see each one of them a worker in the gospel doing something. I want to see them saved and filled with the Holy Ghost. Now, I've committed them to God and say, "I'm holding on to God for them." See, and I believe they're going to be saved, every one of them. See, I believe they're going to be saved and I'll have them on the other side. And uh I don't believe my salvation will save them. No, but my faith in God will do it. You see, my faith believing God will do it and cause them to come to Christ. And I believe that's where you people praying for your children. And that's reason your children has the the manners and the and the real lady and gentleman in this uh wild age that we're living in. Yet they have that that part about them. It's the best I know of any kids. See? Well, I think the reason of that is because that your prayers for them and you've committed them to God and holding on. See now the Romans said, uh, "What must I do?" He just asked for himself. He said, "What must I And he said, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thou and thy house shall be saved." See, now, now we got one thing to do. Let's drop back just a minute to get something to drive in on my text. Now, it's this. Let's take an old man that I know of in the Bible by the name of Job. Job was a great man. There was nobody like him in his days. Job was a prophet. And uh people come from far and near to hear Job. And God blessed him and he is he prospered. He was a rich man. Oh, he had thousands ahead of cattle and sheep and and the things that he had. And uh while he said when he would go out into the streets, the young princes from the east, that's the magis, the wise astronomers, you know, everything said they would bow before him just to ask the word of his wisdom. See, he was a smart man. He's a prophet. And um so uh the devil looked down and he saw that that Job was a smart man. So uh I show you how a smart man does. Now coming back to the text in our house. Job said when he seen everything was just in good order like your homes are now. He said you know my children's married and gone off but said maybe one of what prevention one of my sinned. Now there's one requirement God had that was a burnt offering. He said, "Now, I don't," he didn't believe his children sin, but said, "Preventure, they might sin because they're visiting one another and going to the parties at one another's homes and so forth and mixing up, I guess, and so forth." He said, "If one of them has sinned, so Lord, I bring a burnt offering and offer this burnt offering for my child." See, and that's all he know to do. That's all God required, a burnt offering. That's what all he required. Well, then when the great midnight hour come and struck and poor old Job was in the condition he was, he, you know, he lost all his cattle, all his sheep, and the storms come and kill his children, fire burn up his servants and and he broke his own health failed and he sat in the backyard on an ash heap and and his own body broke out with borrows till he took a piece of croc and scraped his borrows and even his wife got discouraged with him and come and said, "Job, let let's just kind of think the way she head. Now look, there sets Job sat out there all night. There sets the uh his consolers with their back turned to him and they've told him he's sin. That's the church members. That's the the deacon board or whatever it is of the church. Come down to see him. And uh they set seven days there and still tell him Job, you might as well make a confession because you have sinned. Because God wouldn't let a righteous man be tormented like that. But God does let a righteous man be tormented like that. See, God sometimes it things happen to us because we sin, but sometimes it it's testing a saint instead of chastising a sinner. So, we find out that Job was a righteous man. And when God was testing him because Satan said, "Oh, sure." When he come up before God with the sons of God, he said, God said to him, "Where you been?" He said, "Oh, just walking to and fro and up and down the earth." Said, "You consider my servant Job? He's a perfect man. There's nobody in the earth like him." God was pleased with that. Oh, he just loves to have a servant that he can trust in. He said there's not another man on earth like him. See, said he's a perfect man. And that was before the blood of Jesus Christ was shed. See? And he said, uh, he's a perfect man. He's just, he's upright. There's none like him. Satan said, "Oh, sure. Look what you've done for him. You give him everything. He's got homes. He's got children. He's got cattle. He's got everything he wants. Sure, anybody could serve you like that." Said, "Let me have him one time. I'll make him curse you to your face. He said, "Satan, he's in your hand, but don't you take his life." Now, that was God's trust that his prophet would not fail him. &gt;&gt; See, and he's trusting you and I that we won't fail him. &gt;&gt; And then he and he said, "Don't you take his life." And Satan done everything but take his life. His children got killed and his cattle killed and everything is all his riches was lost and he lost his health and everything but his life. sat out there and scraped his barrels and his wife come the door and and Satan got in her and said uh thou looked out there and said why don't you curse God and die said you look so miserable he said thou speakest like the foolish woman see now he's never said she is foolish said she talk like one see said you speak like a foolish woman said the Lord gave and the Lord taken away blessed be the name of the Lord see in other words naked came I in the He said, "Naked I'll return, but blessed be the name of the Lord." Anyhow, I never had nothing when I come here and I'll go away with nothing, but still blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh my, you know, God will just let Satan tempt us so long and then he gets tired of it, you see. So, he seen he Satan had to leave him, man. But, uh, Benadrad and all of them still stayed there and said, "Well, you're a sacred sinner." But, Job stayed pat on this. I am not a sinner. See, Job, you you done you don't want to confess it. See, because you're a secret sinner. You're doing it secretly and God's punishing you for it. So, that's the reason that the things you're going for the way they are. But he said, "No, sir. I'm not a sinner." Because he was standing pat upon that righteousness of God, that burnt sacrifice. He had offered it. That's all he had to offer. That's all God required. And did you notice as the spirit of God come on the prophet and everything got all right? You see God restored back to Jobot, he restored back to him his where he had 10,000 cattle, he gave him 20,000 cattle. Where he had 40,000 sheep, he gave him 80,000 sheep. See, and he restored everything back to him that he ever had. And you notice it said, "And he restored his seven children." See, he gave Job his seven children. Not didn't give him seven other children, but he gave Job his seven children. Now, what was it? His house. &gt;&gt; Thy and thy house. Because he was righteous because he was standing on everything that God gave us to be righteous or gave him was to offer that burnt offering. And he knowed that that was God's word and he could not fail. So did you ever think where them children was? There's in heaven waiting for him. See, he's with him today. And God saved Job's children. They were in heaven waiting for him. See, now if Job took a act upon the very thing that God told him to do, the only thing it was to be righteous was to offer a burnt offering that was righteous. And he saved Job and his house. And what is righteous before God? Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thy and thy house shall be saved. So if I'm believing for my house and you're believing for your house by believing that that we trust God, God imputes our own faith like he did Abraham or Job or any of them for righteousness. You see, so it's allotted to us for righteousness and that's how that thou and thy household shall be saved. Oh, I think it's a wonderful thing. So then, not only that, but I'm holding for every brother, all my brothers, my sister. I'm not only holding for that, but I'm holding for every person that's in my church. I'm holding for you all. I want you to hold for me because of the righteousness of faith. We don't have to make a burnt offering. Christ is our offering. But we have to have faith in that offering that Christ made that he made us this kind of a a promise that whatever you ask the father in my name that I'll do when thou prayest believe that you receive what you've asked for and you shall have it. &gt;&gt; Now if I'm praying that God will save these teenage children and I believe with all my heart he'll do it. See that's the same way Job stood say oh look at this kid how he's doing. I don't care what he's doing or what she's doing, I still have put that child in the hand of Almighty God and my me and my house shall be saved. See, because I even though I may pass on before they do, but somehow before they leave here, God will twist them right down on the trail. I I believe that somehow another he'll make it so miserable for them till they have to do it. See, and um that's why I believe it's thou and thy house shall be saved. I've seen a many that I watched that come into my meetings many time old boy come up there it's been rough all his life he fall down on his knees and go to cry and get up say I had a dear old mother oh if she's in heaven tonight I know she looking down and she is glad to see me at this altar see what is that old mother prayed and believe see she's gone all long but here's prayers because the righteousness see thy and thy house shall be saved God knows how to work he knows how to do he knows how to do everything just As I said the other day, when we are born of the spirit of God, God isn't weak in one place and strong in another. If you've got little shadow of God in you, just a little speck of God, then you've got all power. You got enough power in you to make a world and go out and live in it. But of course, that power is controlled by faith. If it wasn't, we'd all have us a world out there living in it. But if you're a son of God or a daughter of God, you got the power of God in you. See? So then you um that law holds that faith to a certain thing. Now let's take for instance all of us. We say we once lied. We'd steal. We' would uh curse and swear and do everything that's wrong. Well, one day when we accepted Christ, what did he do? He opened up. As soon as we accepted him, that's a faith just like Paul told the Roman to have. Believe. Just exactly what Job did. Believe. See? And as soon as we accepted Christ as our savior, immediately we received enough faith that we walked away. No more lying, no more stealing, no more cheating. See? No. Why? We rode right up above that sin that we used to ride in there. We we slotted that much faith. Why? Because that we believe that we are saved. Is that right? We believe here that we are saved. So then we ride up above that because we believe we are saved. Now listen to this. Just before I get to the questions, see brother, sister, I'm going to give you a little secret on myself. I guess you've often wondered how I see those visions and things. What makes it? It's because when he met me that night and told me that see this what happened. I believe it. I solemnly believe it. And I go in to pray for the sick. If I can ever get a feeling that something's fixing to happen, they're fixing to get well. It's always just about right. And that's the way we must do with our family, with anything that we ask for, we must pray. And God respects faith. You see, to believe it, we must believe that it is right. Now, with that little bit of God, when you said, "Yes, Lord Jesus, I'm a sinner. I'm not worthy of your love, but you did love me, so I accept you as my savior." Immediately, you walk right out of there. And what is it? You stop your lying. You stop cheating. You stop stealing. You stop doing things that you ought to do. Why? Because you believe that you are a Christian. And because you believe you're a Christian, you rise up from that. You to another level. Now, see, now if you're sick, here's healing. You just believe it. Now, you can't make yourself believe it. It's got to be something happened to you. Just like your conversion, it's got to happen. I tell my wife the other day how much I loved her. So, u I don't guess she wants me to talk about this, but uh I do it in private, so I guess I can do it in public right now. I tell her how much I loved her and how I always have loved her since the first beginning. I said, "It no make any difference." She said, "Oh, Bill," she said, "How talk about how fat she's getting her hair turned gray?" I said, "Honey, you could be that wide and no hair. I'd still love you just the same." See, because it has to be something there that you have to has you have to meet that you love somebody and unless that person loves that other person. This is for you young girls that's not married. See, and you boys when you meet that girl that you love and it's just something you know you love her and that's just all there is to it. Or you love him and that you don't care whether he's handsome or whether he's not handsome or whether she's pretty or not pretty. That doesn't matter. But you love him just the same. And you better watch kind of hold around close there because that's you're getting close to home there. And I I a a marriage based outside of that is sure to fall or it'll never be successful and never be happy. &gt;&gt; Now I said that to get around to one thing I want to say. Friends, a conversion outside of the same thing won't last either. &gt;&gt; It won't. When you go to church and and you say, "Well, u I'm going to join church and I'm going to be baptized." If that isn't coming from a heart of love to God the honor, it'll never go nowhere. You all you'll do is join church and be baptized. But when you're converted to Christ, a love to Christ, then you accumulate a faith in Christ like you would to your wife or to your husband. You accumulate a faith that you walk in that faith. I don't know. You just something about you. You just got to something anchors you there. You see? Well, that's the same way it is about Christ. And what Christ says, you believe it and you just stay right with it. And that's where it just raises you right up above it and God brings it to pass and fulfills his promise. If thou believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, thy and thy house shall be saved. So now I just thought I'd say that now I don't took up too much of the time of it. 30 minutes to say that, but you know what I mean. Now that's what it is. If you can believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, not only for salvation, for yourself, for your loved one, for the healing of a the child or for a mother or for anything that you desire that's right, and you know if you desired something that wasn't right, you you wouldn't have faith enough to ask God in the first place because you know it ain't right. See, if you're sincere and know that it's right, then you can ask God with a clean heart, knowing it's no selfish motive and your objective and a motive is exactly right and ask God and like a child believe you get it and you get it. I know that I've come to Christ when I was about the age of one of these boys here. I guess I was about 20 years old and I uh I've served him all this time and I'm 52 be 53 my birthday and I can sincerely say that I have never asked Christ sincerely for anything that is it's now that really sincerely asked him anything was for right but what he gave it to me or told me why he couldn't do it and then later on I found out it's good thing I didn't get it see but just remember when you believe on him have faith in him and trust him. Don't Don't try to shove yourself to do it. Just stay with him and reason it out. Like if you if I was coming to brother Welchure to borrow $1,000, I guess I couldn't get it because he may not have it, but if he had it and I I could get it now. I'd come and try to lay the case down. I'd come say, "Welch, give me a thousand." That's no way to do it. That's a way to ask God. I'd come up. I'd take to Brother Welch. I'd say, "Could I speak to you a few minutes, Brother Welch?" "Sure, Brother Bam." go over one side, said I said, "Brother Welch, the first thing I want to ask you, do you have $1,000 that you could get a hold of for me?" Well, he he we were friends or he'd be asking me or him or one of you, brethren. It'd be the same. We'd say, "Yes." Now, here's why what I want. I'd lay down and show him. I say, "Brother Welch, I'm over here in a meeting. I'm absolutely up against it. I I got to leave the town and I'm $1,000 in debt. I I just got to have the money from somewhere. The Lord put it upon my heart to come to you and I'd explain to you now now from another meeting that I had at a certain place. I've got $1,000 coming in which will be about 3 months from now. I can pay you. I'll pay you interest on it if you want it. Just lay it all down and explain it to him why I don't want to leave that town like that. It's a bad thing on my name if I do that. And then they're going to say he's nothing but a cheat and steal and um and leaving the town owing money. See what I mean? I'd explain it to you, sit down like a brother and talk it over with you. Well, I believe if I do that and and you like me as you do, you you do anything, you you'd pawn an automobile or sell something out of the house to get the money. That's see you do it. Any of you would and I would for you. But it would be the the right thing to just come sit down and talk it over one another. Let let you know, you see, express our feelings to each other. You're my friend. That's the reason I come to you. Now, that's the same way it is about Christ. say, "You're my Lord. I I'm I'm sick. I The doctor says he can't do nothing for me." But but I know you can because you're my Lord. And um uh and just speak it over with him. Until you feel then that you receive it and that's your faith. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. And I when I feel that way, it's as good as I got it. Sure, I go ahead because I got it. See, I done he's done promised me that I got it. So that that settles it. Now I just keep on holding on waiting. Finally, first thing you know, oh, here it comes pouring down out of the quarters of heaven and you you got it. But that's it. You see, thy and thy house shall be saved. And if you don't see them all saved before you leave the earth, you'll they'll be there when you get time when the great coming, it'll be there. How you understand what I mean? See, it's by faith we do everything. Believe on the Lord. Believe on the Lord for a job. Believe on the Lord to hunt the give you the wife that you should have. Believe on the Lord to give you the husband you should marry. Believe on the Lord to send you some new furniture or if the if the barrel goes empty and the cruise gets dry and there's no food and the children are hungry. Believe on the Lord. Believe on the Lord for anything. See, as long as it's right, just believe on the Lord and I shall see it shall come. I've never seen it fail in all my life. God bless you. How about you read some of them questions for me? Could you read them for me? I I hope I get these right. I don't want to keep you too long now about maybe about 10 minutes and and um give him Jimmy a little time to study him over there and see if I and uh they're going to be ask me right blank right out. So if I can't say them well you'll understand. But you understand what it mean to believe. Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thy and thy house shall be saved. Believe for yourself and believe for your house and you shall have it. say, "Uh, well, the doctor said I can't get well." Well, if thou can believe on the Lord, you can get well. Well, I'm out of work, but if you believe on the Lord, see, and uh you shall have work. And I don't know what to do about this situation. Believe on the Lord. Look where it sits with me right now. And why there I've always thought the Lord wanted me to leave Jeffersonville. Now, it's got to a spot. I just had to commit myself to him. So, here I am. He knows where I'm at right here tonight. So now where he wants me to go, I'll go. He wants me to do, I'll do it. And I'll be right along till he tells me. You see, Amen. Musicians, come. Let me thank God for the word tonight. Believe on the Lord even for furniture, for whatever it is, for work. Amen. Thank the Lord. You know that last little part when he says, "I'm just waiting right here." He sounds just like Brother Billy Paul. He say that whole expression sounds just like him. Amen. So we'll stand to our feet and uh we thank God for the word of the Lord that we received in this day. Thy and thy house. So I took Psalms 27 and I asked the computer to personalize it for a family. And uh and it says, "The Lord is our light and our salvation. Whom shall we fear?" And it does the whole psalm that way. It was very very nice. And if you try that, I think it'll be a nice blessing for you. Brother Bannon said, "Put your name in it." And uh and you can put your family in it, too. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, God bless you, brother John. Why don't you come and um sing for us a little bit before we go? Amen. Lord bless you richly. &gt;&gt; Remember our special meetings power. I'm so glad I'm a part &gt;&gt; to be the sons of God. Be in prayer and continue to pray for those. Amen. Bless you. Thank you. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain cleans by his blood. Join us with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family. the family of God. Now, you will notice that we say brother and sister around here. Well, it's because we're a family and these folks are so dear. In one has a heartache. We all share the tears. We rejoice in each victory in this family so dear. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain and cleansed by his blood. Join hes with Jesus as we travel this song. For I'm part of the family, the family of God. Now from the door of an orphanage to the house of a king. I am no longer an outcast. A new song I sing. From rack unto riches. From the weak to the strong, I'm not worthy to be here. But praise God, I belong. Oh, I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I have been washed. In the fountain I have been cleansed by his blood. [Music] Joining with Jesus as we travel this song. Oh, I'm so glad. Oh, of the family of God. Just shake hands with those around you as we sing it again. That I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain, cleansed by his blood. Join hes with Jesus as we travel this for I am part of the family the family of God. You may notice, you may notice that we say brother and sister around here. It is because we're a family and these folks are so dear. When one has a heartache, we all share the tears and we rejoice in each victory in this family soul. &gt;&gt; Amen. with all your heart. &gt;&gt; I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. I've been washed in the fountain. &gt;&gt; I've been cleansed by his blood. Join us with Jesus as we travel this one of the family. The family. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you. Before I turn it back to brother John, the choir is trying to reassemble itself again. And so there will be choir practice on Sundays at 3 uh for the next services, next few services before the meetings at 3 3:30 at 3:30. And uh so if you're not in the choir, you're welcome to come and be a part join that. We would certainly enjoy having you. God bless you. Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you know that song? You're my brother. You're my sister. Take me by the hand. You're my brother. You're my sister. Won't you take me by the hand? Together we will work till he comes. [Music] There's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. Oh, you're my brother, you're my sister. Won't you take me by the hand? Together we will work till he comes. [Music] There's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will Let's just sing it one more time. Yes, you are my brother, you're my sister. Won't you take me by the hand? Together we will work until he comes. [Music] There's no foe that can defeat us when we're walking side by side. As long as there is love, we will stand. Sing it one more time. Brother Will, would you come dismiss us? You're my brother. You're my sister. Won't you take me by the hand? Together we will work till he comes. [Music] There's no foe that can defeat us. When we're walking side by side, as long as there is love, we will stand. [Music] Precious heavenly father, Lord, we're just so thankful, Lord, that we can say that we're a part of your family, Lord. We're so unworthy to be here, Lord, but oh God, your grace to us. We're so thankful, Lord, that we can be united, Lord, in in you, Lord. You you're our identification, Lord. We're baptized into your name, Lord, by by water. It was called over us. But, oh God, we were baptized into your spirit, oh God. We're identified right there, and we even bear that name, &gt;&gt; Lord. And when all those that are called by my name shall shall humble themselves and pray, oh God, we're so grateful that our prayers can be answered tonight in your name, Lord. That we can call out our family, Lord, in your name, Lord. and you'd said that it would never ever stop. Even if we were called off this earth, we're so grateful, Lord, that your word is true. Heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall not fail, Lord. And that's our stand today. &gt;&gt; It's not because we feel it, Lord. Not because we feel like it, Father, but because your word is true, Lord. You are the word. And we're so grateful for this sevensealed message, Lord, this complete word of God in our day. We're so thankful, God, that you came down into this generation. Lord, we're so grateful, Father, with the full word of God has been displayed to us in this hour. And not just that we could look at that and worship it, Lord, but that it could become a part of us, Father, and we're identified in it, Father, ourselves, Lord. We are the message of the hour, Lord. And we just ask that you would help us, Father, to as he said, Lord, we live above it, Lord, with salvation. And we believe we're a Christian. And and then it goes on and on as we heard this morning, Lord, greater revelation comes as time goes on in the season, oh God. And this is the season and the hour for the identification of the bride of Jesus Christ, Lord. And we where we've come to a wedding, Lord. We've come to a marriage here on earth, Father. Oh, God. It's here that we're married, Lord. Married to you, Lord Jesus. The great bridegroom that's been displayed among us. Father, help us to find our place and our position. Lord, help. Help, Lord. We just ask, Father, that you would express yourself in whatever way you would have, Lord. Whatever it is, Father, in this church, Lord, these special meetings, Father, Lord, may every housewife be placed. May every lay member be placed. May every part of your body come into that position, Father. And Lord, we don't have to all carry the ball, Lord. We don't want to carry the ball, Father. Really, we just want you to be glorified. What we're asking for, Lord, is your fellowship, Lord Jesus. Just a relationship with you. To be a complete prisoner to what you would have us to do and what you would have us not to do, Father. Oh, put the brakes on us, Lord, where we need the brakes. Put the gas pedal on, Lord. We just commit our lives, Lord, into your hands, Lord. And it it might just be in our job tomorrow, Lord. At many times, you lead us, Father, and it's not the way we would think and it seems unusual. The Oh, God. Oh, Lord, the unchangeable God. Lord, in an unexpected way, so many times it comes. Father, let us to be ready, Lord, to speak to our neighbor. Let us be ready to speak to that family member. Lord, let us be eating and feeding on this word, Lord, on this food that we might have something to say, Lord. Even though we love our brothers and sisters with human love, but oh God, Lord, we would we would try to help anybody, Lord. We would try to do that. But Lord, we can't do nothing. One dying mortal to another, Father, but you can do it. So Lord, we want to give our all to you tonight. Lord, we just commit ourselves into your hands. Lord, that you might speak a word to our family member. Lord, that we might go with the token of the resurrection of Jesus Christ upon us, Lord, and speak the right word to that family member that would change them, Lord, that would do it. Father, we just commit ourselves into your hands. Forgive us, Lord, where we've got ahead of you. Forgive us, Lord, where we've lagged way behind. Father, as the brother said in his prayer, help us to wake up, Lord, and see the time and the hour we're living in, the season, Lord, of time that this is, and rise to meet that portion of the word, Lord, that we're supposed to be. Help us, Father. Lord, we we just commit our lives into your hands. Lord, we need you, Lord. We need you so much, Lord. Ask that you would be in every heart, in every life here, Father. May you go with us, Lord. Go with us, Lord. we ask in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] [Music] Let me be pleasing [Music] to you. Let everything that I do be pleasing to you. Praise him. [Music] Everything I pursue be pleasing. Oh Lord, unto you. May it be pleasing. Let it be pleasing to you. Let everything I pursue be pleasing to you. Prayeth Lord. Praying. Let everything I pursue be pleasing. Oh Lord, unto you. Just ask him one more time. Let me be pleasing Lord. Pleasing. [Applause] Let me be pleasing to you in everything that I do. Be pleasing Lord to you. [Music] Pray him. Let everything I pursue be pleasing, oh Lord, unto you. How about that song? The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. The more that I surrender, the lighter my low, the more that I release my cares, the more you take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I hear, "Lord, I love you, Lord." Just the chorus. Yes. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord. The more that I release my car, the more you take control, the more that I can hold myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you, Lord. And we'll just sing one more. and you're dismissed. But was thinking of this this morning when brother Israel was talking about the approach that we have to God and we want to end up in the holiest of holies. We we can't just start there. We have to work our way through. And so let's just sing this. That's where we all want to end up, but we've gone as far as we're going to go till we're willing to pay that greater price. And so the more that we surrender, we just sang, the more that he released my cares and but eventually Lord into the chamber. Shakina unending is what I long for. Into the chber be free. Holy Spirit, speak to me gently as I close the door. Heaven over earth let thy presence cover unending is what I long for. Father, I worship you out of my spirit, blessing and thanking you in my own way. Now your heart all covenant Lord your will and purpose so in submission I surrender this day and in the chamber be Holy Spirit, won't you speak to me gently as I close the door? Heavenly lover, let thy presence cover. Shina unending is what I long for. And now on my pathway the wine press falls heavy. But bring in forth the best of the wine. So I pressed toward the mark of the prize of high calling to be a part of that beautiful lady and bride. Go into the chamber. Be free. Holy Spirit, [Music] just speak to me gently as I close the door. Heavenly lover, let thy presence cover. Shakina unende is what I long for. And I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord no matter what tomorrow. Praise what it has in store. I know I will praise the Lord. I know that I will praise the Lord. Yes, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I know I will praise the Lord, the anchor home. [Music] Though this ship's been battered, the anchor holds [Music] though the sails are told. [Music] For I have fallen on my knees just to face the rage and see. But the anchor hold in spite of the storm. [Music] Yes, my anchor holds. Though this ship's been battered, [Music] my anchor hold. Though the sails are torn, for I I have fallen on my knees. As I face, &gt;&gt; the rage and sing the anchor holds [Music] in spite of the storm. We'll just sing it one more time before we go. Holy anor. Oh, this year's been better. the anor [Music] though the sails are [Music] falling on my knees just to face the raing sees the anchor [Music] in spite of the stor. Yes, my anor [Music] ships matter. the anchor. [Music] Though the sails are torn now I have fallen on my knees just to face the raing se the anchor. [Music] In spite of the storm. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Wonderful God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. There's no storm, Lord, that can take us away from you, Lord. Thank you for that anchor that holds, Lord Jesus. That's you, Lord God. That's your grace, Lord God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Deep [Music] deep. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you. Wonderful God. Wonderful God. Wonderful God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you. [Music]
