################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - Sunday Evening 01-04-26 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    Sunday Evening 01-04-26
Speaker: Israel Powe
Church:   Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 2h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqDby4vz3_k
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Oh, I owed a debt I could not pay. I need someone to wash my sin away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. We'll take that next verse. He paid a debt on Calary. He cleansed my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sin erased. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Amen. God bless you this evening. We're so glad to have each of you back with us once again. If you will stand with me, those streaming from home at Mesa, God bless you as well. Brother Edward, your hands are full. So, Brother Joe, would you come and open Brother Joe Robson? God bless you, brother. Nice to be in church, saints. God bless you. Let's talk to the master. Dear God, we're so thankful to be in church tonight, to know what we know, Lord, to have what we have and and just come to worship in honor and adore your lovely name, Lord. Thank you for brother Israel and the Po family holding them up, Lord. And this service tonight want you to be welcome. at Lord just enjoy the the worship and the the love of the saints here tonight Lord as we gather to worship and to hear from heaven and then to have communion Lord with you and one another and wash feet just humble ourselves with a word just invite you here to speak to each need each heart Lord we thank you for the opportunity and these Lord that are needy each one of us Lord something on our minds our hearts that we need your guidance help with Lord we pray you'd meet those needs we love Thank you for it now in Jesus name. All God's people say. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. We'll go to the key of E flat. Oh, I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelu. Yes. I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelujah. Well, I'm feeling mighty happy. Feeling my mind. I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelu. I'm enjoying Jesus. I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelujah. I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelujah. Well, I'm feeling mighty happy. Feeling mighty fine. I'm enjoying Jesus. Hallelujah. And I've got the revelation. Oh, I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm feeling mighty happy. Feeling mighty fine. I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. One more time. And now I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. Yes, I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. Oh, I'm feeling mighty happy. Feeling mighty fine. I've got the revelation. Hallelujah. Amen. It shall be light. In the evening time, the path to glory you will surely find. Through the waterways is the life today. Buried in the preious name of Jesus Christ. Young and old. Repent of all your sins and bloody. the right has come. It is a fact that God and Christ are one. It shall be light. It shall be light in the evening time. path to glory. You will surely find through the waterway is the light today. Buried in the preious name of Jesus Christ, young and old, repent of all your sin. The Holy Ghost will surely enter in for the evening light has come. It is a fact that God and Christ are one. One last time, brother Sean, if you get ready in the evening time, the path to glory, you will surely find through the waterway. It is the light today. Buried in the preious name of Jesus Christ. Young and old, repent of all your sins. Holy Ghost will surely enter in. The evening light has come. It is a fact that God and Christ are one. Amen. We'll give the Lord a hand of praise this evening. Amen. You may be seated. &gt;&gt; May I God bless you. It's a pleasure to be in the house of the Lord this evening. &gt;&gt; I had a different song prepared for tonight, but you know when the Lord wants you to do something else or sing something else, he uh he makes it known. So I just want to follow the leading of the Lord. And I pray this be a blessing to you as it was for me. Bless you. It's out of your hands. You've done all you can do. You've given God the problem. It's no longer up to you. You've prayed the prayer of faith. You're standing on God's truth. While you're waiting on the answer, he has a question for you. Oh, is anything too hard for God? Who's got a problem beyond his power to solve? Are there situations he's not the master of? Is anything too hard for God? And only believe. Trust his word. You will see that his plans are now unfolding, performing perfectly. It's clear how much he loves you. And just look at all he's done. For all your questions, there's really only one. Oh, is anything too hard for God? Who's got a problem beyond his power to solve? Are there situations he's not the master of? Is anything too hard for God? Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God we believe. God we believe. for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe. For it. Move the immovable. Break the unbreakable. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. From the impossible, we'll see a miracle. God, we believe. God, we believe for it. And there is nothing too hard for God. There's not a problem beyond his power to solve. And all your situations, he's got it in his hands. There's nothing too hard for God. And all your situations, he's got it in his hands. There's nothing There's nothing There's nothing too hard for God. God bless you. Amen. Brother Trevor, if you want to go ahead and make ready. God bless you all. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. Well, he's all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes. Jesus is all that I need. He is all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes. Jesus is all I ever need. Well, he's the ripple of the stream. He's the God of everything. He's alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. He was dead, but he's alive. We got the peace, so we need not strive. He's my rock. He's my st. He's Jehovah. He'll make a way because he's all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes. Jesus is all that I need. He is all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes, Jesus is all I ever need. Well, he's the high priest of my soul and he's the highest goal. He's the light in the darkest, the darkest night I see. He lifts me up when I am down. He's my God and he holds my crown. And one day I know that he's coming. He's coming back for me. For he's all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes. Jesus is all that I need. He is all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes, Jesus is all I ever need. Lord, he's all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes, Jesus is all I ever need. He is all that I need. He's all that I need. Oh yes, Jesus is all I ever need. Amen. While we all stand, the brothers get ready. Let's go to the key of G. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Lord, I've made my decision. Oh, I have made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I have made my decision. And I'm going all the way. Lord, I have made my decision. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord and I'm not turning back. I'm going all the way. No, I'm not turning back. The brothers want to come. all the way. &gt;&gt; No, I'm not turning back. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Yes, I'm going. Oh, I'm going all the way with my Lord. Amen. God bless everyone. We have some new prayer requests tonight. Please pray for my coworker Jesse. She is pregnant and has bronchitis. Doctors may admit her to the hospital. Please play for pray for her healing touch. Sister Abby. Also an urgent request. Brothers and sisters, I would like to ask that we pray for brother Lionel Salazar and family. The family was has currently lost a young four-year-old child in a car accident. The mother and her three children are fighting for their lives. May healing be given to their hearts. Brother Jonathan Gonzalez. Amen. And we've had the requests this morning and keep them in prayer, too. Brother Snow, Sister Deborah McGintthy. Amen. Uh Sister Amelia Morris, let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we're thankful, Lord, that we could come before you. Lord, you're a God that meets every need. Lord Jesus, tonight we've all made a decision to set our affections on things above. Lord, just be in here, Father. Lord, we we want your word. We want your best for these requests, Lord. We pray that the enemy would just be pushed back, Lord. You'd forgive everything that may need forgiven, Lord. Lord, and you'd raise your people up, Father. Come to the aid of those that we have spoken here, Lord. Have mercy upon them, oh God. Thank you, Lord, for what you do for us every day. Lord, we know that God's gifts find their places, Lord. Just let it happen in every life. Let us rise to the occasion, Father. Lord, never looking back, Lord. It's a golden age. We believe it for the people of God. Thank you, Father, for what you have prepared for us tonight, Lord. We're hungry, Lord. We're thirsting, Lord, for your word, for your spirit, Father. Let it be, oh God. And we'll give you all the praise and the glory in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. For I have made my decision. I'm going all the way. Oh, I have made my decision. I'm going all the way. Yes, I'm going all the way with my Lord. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way with my Lord. One last time with all your heart. I'm going all the way. Brother Gillan, Sister Rachel, if you guys will make ready. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. I'm going all the way. Going all the way. Yes. I'm going all the way with my Lord. Amen. You may be seated this evening. Amen. Are you going all the way tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. How many are thankful for Jesus holding you? &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you need him &gt;&gt; every day? Amen. Amen. Well, the trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's my reality cuz Jesus is holding me. Oh, and Satan laid before me. His temptation. Oh, of his desire to steal away my faith. Oh, but I have found in time the revelation. Oh, the strength I need to keep me by his grace. Jesus is holding me. Every day I see &gt;&gt; he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. Oh, he's my real cuz Jesus is holding me. One more time. Sing it with us tonight. Jesus is holding me. &gt;&gt; Jesus is holding me. Every day I see. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. My trials which are many. He's guiding me constantly, giving me victory. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's my reality. &gt;&gt; Jesus is holding me. &gt;&gt; And oh, how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. He gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. &gt;&gt; Oh, how he loves me. &gt;&gt; Oh, how he loves you and me. One more time. Sing it with us. &gt;&gt; And oh, how he loves you and me. Are you thankful for his love tonight? &gt;&gt; Oh, oh, how he loves you and me. &gt;&gt; He gave his life. What more could he give? How he loves you. Oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Let's raise our hands to him and know how he loves you and me. Oh, how he loves you and me. For he gave his life. What more could he give? Oh, how he loves you. And oh, how he loves me. Oh, how he loves you and me. Amen. If you would continue to play that. Amen. God bless you. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let us let us pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we ask your blessings on this portion of the service tonight. Oh God, we just come in your divine presence with reverence, Lord, and humility. And Father, we want to come with the right approach. Father, we need you more in our lives than we've ever needed you before. We realize that without you, we can do nothing. And Lord, it's through your word that you have fed us and you feed the children of God. And I pray Lord that we would receive those blessings, those wonderful things that you have for us tonight. Oh God, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. So, God bless each of you. Sorry, I didn't have my Mac on, so they were trying to figure it out. So, we'll get it together. We greet the saints in Mesa and uh each of you. Um I have a missionary trip going to Colombia coming up in two weeks. Um so, the Sunday I won't be here Sunday the 18th. I'm sorry. Yes. And um I leave on the 12th and I'll be gone on the 18th, but we'll be here next week. And just pray for me and pray for those meetings there. And we fly into Bogotaa and then another city, Perea, Perea, I think I'm saying that right in Colombia. A little door open there for a camp that they have. And we're just praying that the Lord will bless them. Amen. Going with Mark Castillo, our good friend. and we trust the Lord will be with us and you'll be praying for us. Also, we pulled on Brother Mow for tonight and he said he'll do it Wednesday night. So, we look forward to having Brother Menow freezing to speak for us on Wednesday night, the Lord willing. And um so before we go to the table of the Lord, let's go to the word of the Lord and stand turn with me in 1 Corinthians chapter 14. So good to have the Robson's back &gt;&gt; and with us and uh we really didn't notice that they were gone, did we? Yes. They take up a lot of space. So praise the Lord. And good to have Dylan and his dear wife. Seems so well. Brother Dylan just has a real gift there and we appreciate him. Amen. So in 1 Corinthians 14 from this morning, I asked the church to read that chapter when you get a chance. I'll say that again tonight. And I think it's very very uh beneficial for all of us just to remind us again. And what 1 Corinthians 14 does, it makes you want to read chapter 13 and chapter 12 as well. And uh but I'll take the first verse. It says, "Follow after charity and desire spiritual gifts, but rather that ye may prophesy. For he that speaketh in an unknown tongue speaketh not unto men, but unto God. For no man understandeth him, how be it in the spirit he speaketh mysteries. But he that prophesyth speaketh unto men to edification and exhortation and comfort. Amen. And so uh this morning's message, a notable way to recognize a divine gift. I'll keep that title for tonight. Just uh we're just speaking on the gifts. I used that title because brother Vanom had a sermon titled that that he did not that I don't have a recording of him preaching and I thought that would be a notable uh title a notable way to recognize a divine gift. And so may God add a blessing to the reading of his word. You may be seated uh for a few moments. Those of us that have been raised in the word of our day and the message of our day have been blessed that we are not ignorant concerning spiritual gifts. &gt;&gt; The Apostle Paul very clearly says, "I would that you not be ignorant concerning spiritual gifts." And that word ignorant is I would that you would not be unaware or that you that you um the word ignorant means not to know not to understand what spiritual gifts are. And so we shared a few things a few highlights from the message that we all know is that um a gift is something that you surrender to. There's gifts that God places in your life and that's for edification. That's for his use and for his purpose. There are gifts that you receive that you're supposed to consume. They are for you. The gift of the Holy Ghost. God's grace is a gift. Salvation is a gift. And all those things are for your consumption. I gave the example of sharing a snicker bar with a friend. You know, I give you a gift that's meant for you to eat it right now. But then there's things that God gives us. It is not meant for our consumption. It's meant for others. And that's those gifts that you are born with in the body of Christ. They're contained in the nine spiritual gifts there in first Corinthians. And also uh more than the nine spiritual gifts are the Ephesians 5 gifts. There's gifts and talents of playing music or writing music, art, poetry, uh dreams and a host of things that are for edification. If you take 1 Corinthians chapter 14, that word edification is used seven times to edify. Uh edification, it's used edifying. edified edifyth and it's to get the point across to us that the purpose of any gift is for the edification and that word edify and to be edified it's a Greek word see if I can get it for you here not that you would need it but just to give it to you for And it literally means to build a building. It means building a building. &gt;&gt; And you break that you break that down. And so many times we say things to people because they need to be said. We say they need to hear this. I need to say this because I see it. But is it edifying? &gt;&gt; I'd ask you, is it building a house? It literally means to build a house. And the Apostle Paul uses it also in Romans and in Corinthians. And so, um, as we look to these gifts and what they are and what they mean to the body of Christ, it's God that sends those gifts. And they're good. &gt;&gt; There is nothing wrong with the gifts of God. &gt;&gt; Every one of them. He sends them. Some people don't want them. Some people ignore them. But a true believer wants everything that God sends. &gt;&gt; They all have their place, don't they? &gt;&gt; They all are sent by God. &gt;&gt; So anybody like if you go into a Pentecostal church or any group and you hear that gift of speaking in tongues, you shouldn't feel sideways about it. There shouldn't be a bad feeling about it. &gt;&gt; God sent the gift of speaking in tongues. &gt;&gt; No matter what the Pentecostals did or anybody else did, it's in your Bible. &gt;&gt; And the Bible says to covet them means to desire them. &gt;&gt; And it actually says to covet earnestly earnestly the spiritual gifts. So the attitude of pushing them off or leaving them alone or not interested in them, that is not the attitude of the Bible. And you'll never find a more gifted message than this message of Malachi 4. &gt;&gt; Full of the gifts from the beginning to the end. Gifts, signs, wonders, miracles, gifts, signs, wonders from the beginning to the end. Right. Amen. &gt;&gt; If there ever was a people that should be desirous of these gifts, it ought to be the last day people. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Remember, justification under Wesley was restored to the church. Amen. Sanctification under I'm sorry, justification under Luther was restored to the church. Justification under Wesley, sorry. Justification, help me out, under &gt;&gt; Luther was restored to the church. Sanctification under &gt;&gt; was restored to the church. And was the gifts restored to the church? &gt;&gt; Yeah, but we don't want to mess with those. &gt;&gt; No, they were restored &gt;&gt; at Isusa. The gifts were poured out again. And God doesn't take his gifts back. &gt;&gt; Now, can they be misused? &gt;&gt; Can they be mishandled? &gt;&gt; Can they be misunderstood? &gt;&gt; Absolutely. In fact, most gifts and all through your Bible, the gifts that God sends to his people, most of the time, the people miss it. &gt;&gt; Most of they miss Moses. They miss John. They miss Peter, Paul. They miss Jesus. All of these great and tremendous gifts, they miss it most of the time. And many people miss their gift. You know why they miss it? Because it's not coming in the package that they feel it should come in. &gt;&gt; Elijah was Jezebel's pastor. Amen. &gt;&gt; Whether she recognized it or not, &gt;&gt; that was still the pastor of the age. &gt;&gt; And that entire age will give an account to his ministry. &gt;&gt; Whether you go to his church or not, whether you agree with him or not, whether you support him or not, that is still God's pastor for the age. &gt;&gt; Can I get a witness? &gt;&gt; So these gifts many times are are are not recognized. Sometimes we don't recognize the gift in our own life. And I think that each of us should be interested in moving forward with God. It would be God moving forward in manifesting whatever gift you have in your life for his glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now I want you to see how a great gift that has come in our generation was missed and brother Badam himself didn't recognize it and um this stargazer a magi type of woman had met him in his early years before his conversion and brother Adams says this in the message early spiritual experiences 1952 and he says is this? And I says, she said, "Well, I work in the White House." And she said, "Right as you go into the steps of the White House, there's an astronomer calendar. There's a sailor standing behind you. Ask him if the moon doesn't control the tides." I said, "I got sensey enough to know that. See?" And she said, "Well, that's right." And said, "Your birth has something." Said, "Perhaps I will tell you just exactly when you was born. Would you believe me?" I said, "You can't do it in the first place." See? She said, "Oh, yes I can." I said, "Let's hear you." I said, "You was born on April the 6th at 5:00 in the morning, 1909." I said, "That's right." I said, "Tell this sailor when he was born." She said, "I couldn't do it." Well, I says, "Why can't you tell him if if you could tell me?" She said, "Because you were born under a sign. I don't know what that was to appear. She said, "Has ministers never talked to you?" &gt;&gt; I said, "I have nothing to do with preacher." &gt;&gt; I said, "I don't have nothing at all to do with them at all. I'd always run from it, you know, thinking of that speaking to me. And I know that was the same thing my mama told me them things was of the devil." And I stayed away from them. And I said, "No, sir. I have nothing to do with it." She says, 'Well, nobody ever nobody ever told you that.' He said, 'Isn't it strange that the preachers wouldn't know that?' I said, 'I don't fool around where they're at. I thank you very much. She says, "Well, look, you were born under a sign. I want to tell you this as a gift." And she said, "If you would only could recognize it." I said, "Yes, ma'am." I said, "Maybe I will be Daniel Boone." I like to hunt. I was born in Kentucky. She said, she said, and and said like that, she says, "No." She called me. She says, "No, that ain't what I'm talking about. Maybe I'd be a businessman. I got a grammar school education." She said, "That's not what I'm talking about. I don't know what you'd be, but I know that according to astronomy that on that time, she tried to tell me of the cycles and in commemoration of the son of God when three stars came together. She said three wise men, the magi followed three different stars. They didn't know when they when they were coming. And when they gathered together and met each other at Bethlehem gate following three different stars, they formed the one morning star that hung over the Christ. And she said one was from the lineage of Ham, Sham, and Jeff, the three sons of Noah. Those three stars went together and made the one star that hung over Christ. It says, "Then when they separated, they never went to their orbits. They never been sent. And now all the stargazers in the country never seen such as that. And they never noticed it. It was just supernaturally given. And on talking like that with all of her stuff, well, I couldn't understand what she was talking about. She said, "In commemoration of that greatest gift that God ever gave the earth, he sends back something lesser in commemoration of that time. Now, brother Banham says it again in how the angel came to me in his commission 1955. He says this here in paragraph 186. And I won't be long. We're going to come to the table just now. And she said, "Now these three wise men came and when they three stars, they come from different directions. They met at Bethlehem and they said they found out and consulted." One was from the lineage of Ham, Sham and Jeff, the three sons of Noah. Then they come and worshiped the Lord Jesus Christ and said when they departed said they brought gifts and put to him and said Jesus Christ said in his ministry that when this gospel has been preached to all the world Ham Sham and Jeff's people then he would come again. She says now those planets heavenly planets as they move around they separated. They'd never been on the earth since known, but said every so many hundred years they crossed their cycles like this. If there happens to be an astronomer here, you might know what she was talking about. I don't. So when she was they crossed like that and said in commemoration of the greatest gift that was ever given to mankind when God gave his son when these planets crossed themselves again why said he sends another gift to the earth and says you were born on the crossing of that time and said that's the reason I knew it. Now, where is that written in the scripture? Where is that found to be truth or not? But here's the prophet of God relaying what a non-minister told him before his conversion that those gifts that that great gift was already in his life if he could only recognize it. Amen. &gt;&gt; And later on he would come under that and recognize that great gift. And we thank God for that great gift that was sent. But when God sends a great gift like this, do most of the people catch it or not? Do most of the people uh receive it? No, they don't. In fact, they miss it. Most of the time, they miss God's gift. They'll miss him in the in the neighborhood. They'll miss him in the family. They'll miss it in the church. They'll miss it in the word of the Lord. God's great gift being manifested. And many of the people won't take advantage of it. In fact, they'll let intellectualism rule and lead and guide them. They'll argue. They'll fuss. They'll prove it through words, through um through um the letter of the law, but um will fail to really let those gifts be manifested among them. Now, it is true that these gifts can be very controversial and they can cause confusion, but God is the one who sends them. And when God sends us a gift, we want to receive what God has given to us. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; And we each one have a purpose in our own life that we should be accountable to. &gt;&gt; And our purpose is not after the service to hit brother or sister up to say something to tear them down. Neither is the testimony service used to testify to tear somebody down. &gt;&gt; Neither is the sermon or a preacher or pastor or any gift to take a sermon to beat anybody down. But the sermon, the song, the gift, the words of encouragement, the lunch, the words, the talk should be building, &gt;&gt; building up, edification that it could be edifying. &gt;&gt; And this is what the Apostle Paul says, I'd rather speak five words that you can understand, it would edify you than a thousand words in an unknown tongue. Amen. Let us be edifying. Wouldn't you say? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham gives the example of a knife and a gift can be used or misused. You can use the knife for the right purpose or it can be misused. And not every hand should have the knife in their hand. A little child, one who doesn't know how to use it shouldn't hold that or use that because it can cause great damage. Can cause more problems than anything. Now there's a question that in questions and answers in law having a shadow in 1954 that the prophet of God deals with and I want to read the question and it's a very long quotation so I won't read it all. I'll just get some highlights of it and then I want to play the um um four minutes 3 minutes or so of a section in there about um this question. Is that okay? Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this is the message questions and answers law having a shadow 1954. Starting right at paragraph right around 51. He says, "Now there's another question. Last night you spoke of your belief in the gift of the spirit. You mentioned that you yourself had spoken in tongues. Do you believe that the program including sermon should yield to the spirit when it is trying to bring forth a message in tongues? I'll read that again. You spoke of your belief in the gift of the spirit. You mentioned that you yourself had spoken in tongues. Do you believe that the pro that the program including sermon should yield to the spirit when it is trying to bring forth a message in tongues? Now I was raised in the Pentecostal church and the way I was raised was when these gifts would take place that if someone is here preaching the word and someone would rattle off in an unknown tongues that whatever was coming forth in the tongues was fresh. &gt;&gt; And so that should supersede what's being said up here. And it's uh it seems like okay I can see that but and even brother Vanom talks about it how he had to sit a woman down that was trying to manifest a gift while he was ministering here &gt;&gt; and after the service they got after him. Brother Brandham you grieve the spirit. So, how can preaching the word grieve the spirit when it's the spirit that wrote the word that I should be up here by the spirit preaching? &gt;&gt; And if there's another spirit out there under the gift working, shouldn't we be working together? &gt;&gt; Or do you have your own little spirit and I got my own little spirit? &gt;&gt; And when I come to church, I'm going to do my own little thing and brother over there doing his own little thing. And everybody's doing their own little thing. Or is there one Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; And the one Holy Spirit is trying to do NOT MY THING, NOT YOUR THING, BUT HIS THING. &gt;&gt; THE HOLY SPIRIT IS TRYING TO DO SOMETHING. &gt;&gt; That's right. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; Is that right or wrong? &gt;&gt; And so this question kind of deals with that. I can see in the question there that should including the sermon should yield to the spirit like if there's a spirit speaking says should you yield to the spirit of the tongue even if you're in your sermon so brother Vanam is dealing with this paragraph 51 now I answered that to an extent last night now I will finish it this morning now speaking in tongues is a gift of God but it's subject to what's on the floor at the first place. Now, there Christians, there's where you make your mistake. Now, do I don't know. Someone told me that Monday night or Tuesday night when I was preaching that somebody spoke in tongues while I was preaching. It's a good thing I didn't hear it or I'd have stopped and called you out right there because you was out of order. The Holy Spirit, if I'm anointed of God, speaking by the Holy Spirit, he's speaking here. You don't speak over here and over here and over here a confusion. The Bible says that Christian see we must get those things down in our heart. Everything has to come in its season. Speaking in tonesues is is is it speaking in tonesues is give away to a place for speaking in tongues. See then if someone speaks in tonesues now I ain't saying the person was wrong. I don't say the person was demonpossessed. I believe the person was sincere. I believe I believe the p the person that if they could speak with tongues, they're blessed of God. But the person is just like brother Neville standing here trying to sing a song. Maybe he's gifted to sing a song and he's here singing a song and me standing here trying to preach right in his face and him singing a song. Well, that's out of order. If the Holy Spirit is in the singing, let the singing go on. See, and then if he's standing here started preaching and he raises up then and starts to sing a song while I'm preaching, that's out of order. The Holy Spirit is not an author of confusion. See? So that's right. So get that church. You're lovely people, but you're all in era. Now, if you got a gift, my look how he said that. You're lovely people, but you're all in error. I mean, he must be home. He must be talking to people that love him. Children, daddy's getting on us. You're lovely people, but you're all in error. &gt;&gt; Now, if you got a gift, use the gift where the gift belongs. If you got a pick and shovel, I certainly wouldn't try to hold my tomatoes with it. No. See, I'd use the pick and shovel when I'm digging or digging a ditch. I wouldn't try to drive my automobile through the cornfield. See, I use the automobile to travel back and forth. I use my plow in the cornfield. So, I ain't got nothing against the plow. I haven't got nothing against the automobile. They both are instruments to be used here for the betterment of mankind. I haven't got nothing against speaking in tongues. Haven't got nothing against preaching, against singing, against interpretation of tongues, against gifts of healing, but it's all to be used in its place. Amen. Now, Brother Bam is going to deal from paragraph 65 to 70. My little friends in the back there, if you can play that for us. It's just a few moments. It's in the same message and it kind of brings it all the way down. It's a very that long question comes down very long and it's good if you can go back and hear it again. There's where the Pentecostal church gets tied up many times, many of them are in order. That's what's caused trouble in the brand tabernacle. See, it's because you people with your gift don't know how to use it. And that's the reason you need Bible teaching to know how to use that gift to get the best out of it for the kingdom of God's sake. Speaking in tongues, I wish every one of you spoke with tongues. I wish the interpretation of tongues are with every one of you. But you couldn't do at the same time. You've got to yield to the order of the spirit. When the spirit has anointed a brother here preaching, he's saying you're preaching the gospel like that. Then let your gift yield to that spirit. Because it's just like I said last night I now a lot of people didn't like speaking in tongues. They said to the devil and you good Nazarene people your own church that's where it backslid. &gt;&gt; Exactly. When the light of speaking in tones and the gift of the spirit come you deny that a person in a Nazarene church. You know how they feel. If you speak in tongues you're a devil. &gt;&gt; I'm a little woman today that was just revealed to me last night. a little woman in New Orle that's real real bad. And since the anointing's inside of me, she come to my house and the Holy Spirit told her exactly what was wrong. Told her all about some horrible sinful things she did and pronounced her healing. And the woman went away and got with a bunch of Methodist Nazarene preachers that believes that anybody speaks with tongues is God is a devil. And the woman believes that and she's blaspheming and she'll never get over it until she comes and receives the Holy Ghost. You can't mistreat God. &gt;&gt; Be careful what you're doing. If one word against that will steal you out of the kingdom of God forever. &gt;&gt; Now, if you believe me to be his servant, if you think God is with me and helping me, and if my words then according to the Bible, then you correct me. But if they are according to the Bible, you believe me to be his servant, you better take heed and listen. &gt;&gt; That's true. So then here, my hands is used for a certain purpose, but I've got to go to that. That's why he's there to use them. There's no need of my hands fighting at that now when my feet try and take me over there. Just like a man preaching. He's preaching on his time for speaking in tones misses hand or speaking in tones wants to get to it. See, but don't fall out there. Wait till my feet get me over there. Then I can reach over and get see when a man speaking or preaching up here at the platform or a message going forth. If the man is of God, he's anointed of the spirit to preach the word. And that's the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit's moving that. That's just your gift there trying to get you started. But the Holy Spirit's coming through the word. And the Holy Spirit will always The Holy Spirit feeds on the word of God. &gt;&gt; Right? And it'll recognize the word and be reverent. And then when the time comes when the Holy Spirit's left the platform, off the minister, come down in there, then you're an order. Then somebody give up maybe as speaking in tongues. Then you're going to give interpretation to it. Then watch it. It won't be quoting scripture. It won't be saying something God don't use for repetition. See, &gt;&gt; it'll stand up say, "Thus sayaith the Lord, Mr. Brother so and so claim you're sick. What done it was before yesterday? Sometime you done a certain thing got out of the will of God on that. Thus sayaith the Lord." Now that interpretation, that's where the the Holy Spirit only speak to edify the church. If you speak with Thomas correctly interpretation, don't do it in the church. Do it at home. That's what the Bible says. Then, and if it if that's true, then the spirit of God's upon you. May you speak already moved from this section of this city. Tomorrow, there's coming a style that'll sweep all this section out. Now, before that can be remember, speaking in tongues is not too accurate. Paul said, "Let it be first judged by two or three witnesses." That two or three was divine judgment judges. One man with the Holy Spirit level pound and docking. Said I believe God was in that. The next rings up say God was in that. Got one more. One more rings up said God was in that. Then you let what part of the church is in this section? Flee as hard as you can. Get out of there. If tomorrow the song comes through and blows it up, know God is with you. But if it doesn't do it, you better be careful. You got the wrong spirit among you. you better get back up the altar and get this thing prayed out all the church together and that little person spoke in tongues ought to come around the altar and say Lord somebody help me I don't want to do anointed with that that's wrong see so help me get the thing also I mean let me get right with you see what I mean &gt;&gt; so be careful church you understand if you do say and Um, wasn't that nice? &gt;&gt; You know what uh would take place in the Pentecostal church many times and some of these people with gifts, they'll they'll pronounce that the Lord said or God is going to do something and then if it doesn't happen, they'll say, "Well, you broke it because you didn't believe it." Or they'll make some excuse why it didn't happen. But that's that's not what we've been taught. Uh the prophet taught us that if that doesn't come to pass and you spoke in the name of the Lord, then the spirit that caused you to speak in the name of the Lord was the wrong spirit. And you need to get that spirit, whatever that is, off of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. I thank God for this message. I'm great. Thank God for the clarity of it because then we can't just go around saying the Lord said something that he didn't say. &gt;&gt; And to be just like me standing up here saying that the word says this, this, this, and the word didn't say that. &gt;&gt; This is a good reason why I read the quotations from the messenger. So you'll know that what I'm getting, I'm reading it from the prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Okay? All right. Or from the Bible. And if I have my own little thing, I have my own little thing. We all have our own little opinion. But to say and speak in the name of the Lord, you got to be careful with that. &gt;&gt; And we know that there is a true gift of the Holy Spirit. Now these gifts, we want them to mature in our lives &gt;&gt; so that they are edifying. &gt;&gt; The gift of gossip is not edifying. &gt;&gt; It is a gift though. And some people are very well- gifted and they know how to do it very well. I mean they surrender to it very nicely and it just flows. But that is not edifying. &gt;&gt; That's not building up. That's tearing something down. And if we would be honest, many of us have used that and have gossip, spoke things that we're not sure, presumed, and said things about people that are really don't need to be said. &gt;&gt; Um, correction is actually building up. When you're being corrected by the word, that's to build you and and shape you and make you and mold you. And so that word edifying is the key word that I want uh uh us to really hold on to. It's uh to build a house, a building. You know, Jesus uses that same word edifyth, edifying, edification, edified in 1 Corinthians 14. And he uses it in Matthew 24:1. I want you to turn there quickly. And also Mark 13 1-2. I won't turn to it. I'll let them get it up on the screen if they can get it for you. Matthew 24 verse 1. And Jesus went out departed from the temple as the disciples came to him to show him the buildings of the temple. That word buildings is the same word and 1 Corinthians 14 edifying. It means to build up the buildings. was being built. Something's not being torn down. It's something being built up. And it's used consistently through that chapter. 1 Corinthians chapter 14. Also in Mark 13:es 1-2. I'll lie on my Bible in the back there. And as Jesus went out of the temple, one of his disciples said unto him, "Master, see what manner of stones and what buildings are here." And Jesus answering said unto him, "Seeest thou these great buildings." That same word, I'll finish it. There shall not be one left stone upon another that shall not be thrown down. That same word is a word used to edify. And that is what really our gift should be edifying. It's not something we use to manipulate a situation. The gift isn't used for you to get upset and take and go home with it &gt;&gt; because things aren't going my way. Everybody knows I'm the star quarterback and I should be starting. But tell me why bozo is starting in my place. My mama and big mama and all them told me I was better than bozo, right? And I got all the support of all my family. Bozo shouldn't be in there. I should be in there. And you know in practice time, the coaches look at everything and guess who's starting this Sunday? Bozo, I know I'm the gifted one. I know I'm the talented one. So, what I'm gonna do, I quit. And I'm going to take my talent someplace else. Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; This attitude, you see this all the time. And when you and when you take a gift that God has given you and you treat it that way, you are abusing it because it is not your gift. It was given to you, yes, but it was for the use and edification of the body. So if the body needs you &gt;&gt; at the very last to clean up all the scraps in the parking lot and that is the the gift we want to use for you. No, I'm above that cleaning up the parking lot. That's for those ones down there, not for me. You see, that's the wrong attitude. I think when you have a gift and you know it's not yours for you, it's for the edifying of what? The body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; So you show up looking how you can edify. Where can I build up? Where can I help? Where can I join? Where can I put my shoulder to the wheel? Amen. &gt;&gt; I remember one time I was sharing this with a fine brother just the other day. I remember I just started preaching a little bit and I was invited to go to a city and in the city this pastor had several nights of meetings. Well, I was scheduled to preach at least two maybe three services and I got my little Bible and my quotes and my notes and my little anointing and my little gift all ready to preach. And then lo and behold, a visiting evangelist more gifted than I shows up. And man, I wasn't happy to see this brother. I knew him. I loved him. I pretend like I was happy to see him, but I was not happy to see him. &gt;&gt; Why? Why? Cuz he's taking some of my time. Taking my preaching time. But not thinking that it is not your preaching time. &gt;&gt; These are not your meetings. This is not your YOU ACTUALLY YOU DON'T HAVE A CHURCH. YOU HAVE NOTHING BUT WHAT I GAVE you to edify somebody, ANYBODY, AT ANY TIME I CHOOSE &gt;&gt; to use you. &gt;&gt; So the brother came in and and he preached, did a great job. He did such a great job I had to say amen. I really did. I just say, "Amen, man." I said, "Boy, I can preach now." And I went in and went went through the meetings and the Lord showed me a good lesson there. And at the end of the meeting, the brother looked over me. He said, "Brother Israel, I just jumped in here. I'm sorry. Here's the little offering that they gave me. I didn't come for that. And I know you drew drove further here. Take this little offering." And I, you know, I learned a great lesson through that lesson. You see, the Lord showed me some time after that that in when it comes to special meetings, I don't have to be a speaker in order to influence that meeting. I don't have to be on the first night, second night, third night, or any night at all. If God wants me to be an edification, he can use me &gt;&gt; in the parking lot. &gt;&gt; Isn't that what we want anyway? &gt;&gt; We want to be edifying to the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God help us. So, we can misuse this gift and we can miss it many times. I mentioned a quote to you all. I asked Levi to find it for me. he couldn't find it. the dad found it and it's in the message um where brother Anna was talking about he took this gift and he was challenging it's paragraph 13 in the message and I'm going close with this quote the angel in in his convention 1950 he says this Here. and Jesus in this case neither that the works of God might be known. Now you have to know those things. That's why on each case I examine it real closely. I know right where I'm standing. And if I ask once and it doesn't leave, then I'll check closely. Then if I don't see nothing, I'll leave it alone till God shows me what to do. Have to watch that thing because there might be something put on that person. God intended to be there to bring them to a certain thing. You come right back around and take that thing off what God put on. Look where you stand before God. And if God's endued you with something to do something, you have to watch. Therefore, brothers, their divine gift. I have said this, many of my managers and things know this true. When I first started, I was so elated with it till I would go into a city and call a meeting. might say, "You go to the city and bring me. Let the ministers or somebody bring me somebody that they know is crippled or afflicted. Let me have that person and I'll assure you that person will be healed for I'm through." And I made challenges like that. I went into Phoenix one time. I made a challenge and they brought a little crippled Mexican girl. Oh, she was horribly. An hour and 45 minutes I had that child on the platform. Just held it. Stayed right with it. Pled to let that God would let the baby loose. Come loose. The baby come loose. Went around, walked down off the platform there, walked down and come back again. And I remember at Vanelia, Illinois where I seen the great, one of the greatest I've ever seen a meeting. I said the same thing. I said, "You go get a person and bring them to me." They did. A boy brought born blind about 15 years old. I stayed right with the boy, stayed right there until that boy received his sight. And after I did that, taking the time where hundreds were setting to be prayed for, but put all the time on that one boy. After I heard him screaming, he come back. He was wandering through the crowd. He come back. He said, "I told my mother I wanted to see what the man looked like that opened my eyes." I said, "I hope you see him someday, the Lord Jesus Christ." So he took a hold of my tie. He said, "Mother," I had on a striped tie. He said, "Is that the colored things there? Is that what you call stripes?" All of them crying. He says, "Now, what color would you call that suit?" That's why what they call lights. Born blind, never seen in his life. A lot of people fainting everywhere. went to the hotel that night. My brother Donnie, my little son Billy, they went into the hotel. It was about 2 o'clock in the morning. I was laying down sleeping. I just went to sleep, which I don't sleep very much at night. Always in prayer. Nighttime when all demon power shut down towards morning when they're not roaming. That's the time the Holy Spirit moves in and talks to me. Go early. Go early if you want to pray. So like 5:00 Saturday morning. How about that? &gt;&gt; Go early. If you want to pray, rise up early. Most of the workers is gone. Demons, demons, and places are closing up. That causes strange things. You know what I mean by that? Notice I was laying there as I woke waking up all at once. And I looked and I thought, "Oh my, wait a minute. The window's back there. That's the side of the wall." I looked again. It was a white cloud milling like this. Said, "Oh, I see. It was the angel of the Lord coming in the room." Many times demons has followed me in the room. I felt their flesh rubbing me and bells and things went haunt at me half the night nearly. Then I get out of the bed and knelt down and note it was a spirit. But I had to find out just what it was first. I kept waiting and I felt it come around the bed. It come you could feel it. I say I'm talking to you from my heart. I don't feel it now. Sometimes I feel it. So, brother Vanam continues on and he says this here, paragraph 21. Now, when I looked and seen that, I got down on the floor and started praying. And as it got closer, I knew it was the angel of God. And I can feel what it was. And I said, "What does the Lord want me to do?" Never said a thing. Just a long time was standing right near the foot of the bed. And I was kneeling like this. And I said, "Oh, heavenly father, what have you sent your angel to your servant for?" And I said, "Your servant is listening." And I waited. And I knew it was still there, but I didn't know why. I waited, I guess, five minutes passed. I felt it moving closer to me. And when it did, I just heard that voice sound like way back. I could not impersonate that voice if I had to, but I heard it just as plain and audible as my voice is to you said, "You're confining too much of that. You're you're confining too much of that gift of healing to perform miracles. It will come to pass that people will not believe you unless there's a miracle performed." I said, "I shall never do that again. So help me. God went out of the room. Amen. And so what does that tell us? That the emphasis isn't on the gifts. The emphasis is on the word. And they lean on the gift. Show me a vision. Give me a mystery. Reveal it to me. Lean on the gift. Lean on the gift. Lean on the gift. And the gifts should be pointing all of us to the word. That's what the presence of the Lord does. Now, gifts are minor. I'll read one last quote and then I'll close. Works as faith expressed 1965. Prophet of God says this here, paragraph 99. Well, that's the same thing with preaching divine healing or anything else. As you go along, you begin to learn. If you don't learn, there's something wrong. You see, you've got to learn, you've got to learn how to accept God and what it really means. We allow it sometimes and say, "Well, this guy didn't have enough faith. This guy didn't do this, that." There's a reason there for that. There's a reason. Sometimes it's unconfessed sin. You could pour a gallon of oil on a person and scream till you got horse. It would never move that devil. No sir. You've got to confess that that's what discernment does. Go make that right. Bring that out. But it's so slow doing that scene and the rest of them get impatient and they say, "Ah, I never got prayed for." Well, we want to find a way now that what takes place that real basic of divine healing. Now, a gift, just like I said last night, a gift is a wonderful, a gift is wonderful, but you can't base your eternal destination on gifts. You can't major on a minor. And a gift is a minor. And Satan can impersonate any gift of God that God's got. He can make something just exactly like it. See, exactly. Therefore, we got to watch. So, God bless you richly. We thank God for his word. 1 Peter 4:101 says, "As every man hath received the gift, even so minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the manifold grace of God. If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God. If any man minister, let him do it as uh the ability which God giveth, that God in all things may be what? &gt;&gt; Glorified through Jesus Christ. To him be praise, dominion forever and ever. Amen. I wonder if some of our great sermons that we preach and the anointing comes on us so well, us preachers, and we have such a great service. I wonder how much glory is going to the man and how much is really going to the Lord Jesus Christ. I wonder when our songs come forth and we sing those and the anointing comes down. I wonder if we're feeling that glory or if that glory going to the Lord Jesus Christ. Everything that we do should be the edification of the body of Christ. Amen. God bless you saints. God bless you richly. Amen. So we will turn our heart and our attention to the table of the Lord. And if you would be kind to uh take your Bibles and turn with me in 1 Corinthians chapter 11 Scripture tells us and verse 23. You have that? &gt;&gt; Amen. says,"For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed, took bread." And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as often as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkkeeth damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. But when we are judged, we are chasened of the Lord that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tear one for the for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that you come not together unto condemnation. And the rest will I set in order when I come. There was two prayer requests that I meant to mention to you. Um Doug Wilson, he sent in a request for some lady friend of his, Anna and Stacy Haney. They both have COVID. And then also Julie Carpenter, she called some time ago, sent me an email rather, that they're testing her for cancer. That's one of brother Carpenters's nieces. And so will we remember them in prayer, but then let's in silent prayer pray for you. I'll pray for you, you pray for me, and let's pray for one another. Amen. Heavenly Father, in my hands I hold the bread that was made for this service, Lord. It's unleavened and it's a type of your word, Lord. is top of your body that was broken for us. Lord, we know it is not your body. It represents your body, but we bless it for this service. And may each one partake that partakes of it, may they receive the blessings that comes with being in full obedience to your word is my prayer in Jesus name. Amen. Heavenly Father, in my hands I hold the cup, the new testament of your blood, Lord. It is the blood of the grapes that was shed for this service, Lord, for this purpose. Lord, may each one that partake of it, Lord, may they receive the healing, oh God, and the overcoming power that comes as we know that healing is in the cup tonight. We know that it represents, oh God, the oil and wine, the Holy Spirit, the revelation, all those things, Lord, that this natural wine types spiritually. Oh father, bless it for this service. Bless each one that partakes. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Bless you. You may be seated. You can follow the directions of the ushers. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Happy. the bread that remains for we burnt with fire before the rising of the sun. Let us all stand and take our Bibles. St. John chapter 13. Verse number two. Supper being ended. The devil how me now put into the heart of Judas the Scariot Simon's son to betray him. Jesus knowing that the father had given all things into his hands that he was come from God and he went to God. He riseth from supper, laid aside his garments, and took a towel and girded himself. After that, he pth water into a basin, and begin to wash the disciples feet, to wipe them with the towel wherewith he was girded. Then cometh he to Simon Peter. Peter saith unto him, Lord, dust thou wash my feet? Jesus answered and said unto him, What I do, thou knowest not now, but thou shalt know hereafter. Peter said unto him, "Thou shalt never wash my feet." Jesus answered him, "If I wash thee not the house, no part with me." Simon Peter saith unto him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head. And Jesus said to him, he that is washed needeth not saved to wash his feet, but is clean every wit. And you're clean, but not all. For he knew who should betray him. Therefore said he, ye are not all clean. So after he had washed their feet, and had taken his garment, and was set down again, he said unto them, "Know ye what I have done to you. You call me Master and Lord, and you say, "Well, for so I am." If I then, your Lord and Master, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet. For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily, verily, I say unto you, the servant is not greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are ye if you do them. Amen. And we're so happy to do them tonight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're happy to wash one another's feet. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We thank God for his goodness to us. And let's sing a little bit of that. Thank God I'm free, free, free from all sin. For a long time I traveled down the long, lonely road. My heart was so heavy. Then I sank. Oh. Then I heard about Jesus. What a wonderful hour. I'm so glad he could bring me out his saving power. Oh, thank God I am bring free from this world of sin. I've been washed with the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Been born again. Hallelujah. Say by his wonderful grace. Oh, I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Like a bird, like a bird out of river that sing like the diamond I for I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out his holy name. Aren't you thankful? Thank God I am free. Free of free from this world of sin. Hallelujah. I've been washed in the blood of Jesus. Been born again. Hallelujah. I'm save wonderful grace. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. One more time. Thank God I'm free. Oh, thank God I am free. Yes, I'm free from this world of sin. I've been washed in the blood Jesus. I've been born again. Been born again. Hallelujah. Save. Save me. Wonderful grace. I'm so blessed that I bow down. He could bring me out. Show me the way. I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I found out he could bring me out. Show me the way. Hallelujah. God bless you. Sisters will be dismissed over into the side room. The brothers will remain in the sanctuary. God bless you. My boat of life tells upon a troubled sea. Whenever there's a wind in myself, but I have a friend who watches over me when the bridge turns into again. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storms to shine again. &gt;&gt; I know. I know. the master of the way. Sometimes I saw like an eagle to the sky among the peace my soul can be found. An unexpected storm may drive me from the high. It will bring me low, but it will never bring me down. I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of all the rain. He can cause the storm to make the sun to shine again. I know I know the master of the wind. My boat of life sells on the trouble seed myself. I have a friend who's watching over me when the breeze turns into the air. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I know the master of &gt;&gt; the way. I know the maker of the grave. He can call the stor make the sun to shine again. &gt;&gt; I know. I know the master of &gt;&gt; one more time. I know. Oh, I know the master of the wind. I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the way. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. Glory and praise. Amen. He can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. Amen. Let's sing one more praise before we go. Let's stand to our feet. Know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, I can forgive him. I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way. My life is in your hands. You don't have to worry. And don't you be afraid. Joy comes in the morning. Troubles they don't last always. For there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe away. And if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh Jesus, I can take in with him. I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. So when your tested trials they seem to get you down and all your friends and loved ones are nowhere to be found. Remember there's a friend in Jesus who will wipe your tears away. And if your heart is broken, why don't you lift your hands and say, "Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand." No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hand. Through Jesus, I can take it. With him, I know I can stand. No matter what may come my way, my life is in your hands. Oh, I know that I can make it. I know that I can stand no matter what come my way. My life is in your hands. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. How many can say that? My life is in your hand, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus. Amen. So, God bless you, saints. You're dismissed. God be with you and carry you through the week. God bless you richly. You're dismissed. Oh, that I can make it. I know that I can stand. I can take your hand &gt;&gt; through Jesus. I can &gt;&gt; I can take him around my word. My life is in your hand. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What are you? Heat. Heat. you are. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Every
