################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-22 - Wednesday Evening 01-21-26 - Israel Powe.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-22
Title:    Wednesday Evening 01-21-26
Speaker:  Israel Powe
Church:   Shalom Tabernacle Tucson
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FWHXWKktsqU
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. It's more of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things I've had my fill and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord hear my prayer for more of Let's all stand this evening. Oh, it's more of you. More of you. I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things. I've had my fill and yet I hunger still empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. God bless you all this evening. It's good to see everyone. Like to just welcome you all to the house of the Lord. Like to ask if the will you could come forward and open the service with a word of prayer. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, it's certainly, Lord, a love affair that brings us out to your house tonight. We're just so grateful, Lord, to come into your presence, Lord. What a what a privilege and what an honor. And oh God, as we approach you tonight, Lord, let us just lay aside every sin and every weight, Lord, that so easily would beset us, Lord. any distractions, Father. Let us lay them aside. And Lord, we don't want to think of ourselves or of the person sitting next to us, Lord. But we want more of you, Lord. Ask that you would speak to us, Lord, in the inner man. Lord, give us strength way down deep in our souls, Father. I ask that you would just reach down and Lord may your word give us strength Father for the journey Lord be in every part of this service Lord be in the songs be in the worship Lord be in the preaching of the word Lord hear our prayers Lord and and just that's our heart's desire Lord is is more of you as we see the days so approaching Father as we see the time signs of the time Lord and Oh God, give us grace. Lord, ask that you would walk up and down these aisles. Ask that you would be glorified and lifted up, Lord. Draw all of us to you, Lord. Let us, Lord, abide in that place, Lord. Let us enter into your courts, Lord, into that secret place, Father, with you. And Lord, there abide, Lord, where the true worshippers gather, Lord. Oh God. Oh Lord, we we we long to be there, Father, in that inner veil, Lord. Where you dwell, Father, where Lord, you could just drop the curtain from all around us, Father, and the world is sealed on the outside and we're sealed there, Lord, and there's no room for anybody else but us and you, Lord. That secret place, Father. that that place where we can be a total prisoner. Lord, where all the church and all the everything else is just sealed on the outside, but it's just us and you together. Oh Lord, we want to worship you tonight, Lord, from our heart, Lord, from our the depths of our being, Lord. We want to be yielded to your spirit tonight, Lord, to receive whatever you would have for us, Lord. Let us die out to every part of ourselves, Lord, and be, Lord, be fellowship with you. The greatest thing we could ever ask, Lord, was the greatest thing that you asked for us, oh God. That we could talk and walk and talk with you tonight, Lord. That that we could, Lord, just lay ourselves before you, Lord, and you would receive our sacrifice. Oh, that the Holy Ghost would, Lord, accept us, Lord. Not so much that we accept you, Lord, but you would accept our sacrifice tonight, Lord. We want to be the flower on the altar tonight, Lord. It Lord God, just ask that you would receive us, Lord. Receive our worship, Lord. Receive us tonight. We pray, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. He knew me and yet he loved me. He whose glory makes the heaven shine. I'm so unworthy of such mercy. When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. You may be seated if we could. Let's go to the key of E flat. We are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. One more time with all your heart. Oh, we are standing on holy ground. And I know that there are angels all around. Let us praise Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. a few song specials tonight. Start with the Portland family has a song special tonight. Just like There's a light in the window. The table spread in splendor. Standing by an open door. I can see the Crystal River, so I must be near forever. Lord, I've never been this homeick before. We'll see the bright light shine. It's just about home. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I can see the family gather sweet faces all familiar. No one's old or feeble anymore. Well, this lonesome heart is crying. Think I'll spread my wings for flying. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. We'll see the bright lights shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. &gt;&gt; Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Go see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. &gt;&gt; Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I wanna be more like you. I wanna be a vessel that you work through. I wanna be more like you. One more time. I want to be more like you, Jesus. I want to be more like you. I want to be a vessel that you work through. I want to be more like you. Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place, if not for grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. A hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Precious Lord, please take my hand and lead me on and help me stand. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty place. If not for grace, I was a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. We have a song special from Sister Funk. She can make her way up here. My Salvation in my life. The resurrection, the life, fullness of joy, the end of strife so amazing to me. You take me up when I'm cast out. When I'm afraid, you end all doubt. Your endless love what is about. You are everything to me. I will sing unto the Lord. Crying out with my voice. I will lift my hands in praise. His presence is here in this place. final troules they abound and the wolves of hound wrapped in his arms I'm confident here on the rock there perfect rest let the wicked be ashamed silent in the grave Save me for thy mercy. Save my life in your hands. Hidden from the pride of man. The strife of tong keep me from death. Hidden in a pavilion. In your presence my secret place. I will sing unto the Lord, crying out with my voice. I will lift my hands and praise. His presence is here in this place. Though I know trles they abound. When the worlds of hell surround wrapped in his arms of confidence here on the rock there perfect rest over me is love. Hear the voice of my beloved rise and come away. Death is passed. The rain is done. The resurrection has begun. I have seen the seven in the cl of the rock. I will sing unto the Lord, crying out with my voice. I will lift my hands and praise. His presence is here in this place. I know troules they abound. And the wolves of hell surround wrapped in his arms and confidence. Here on the rock there's perfect rest. He is a sinless lamb who left his throne. became a man. So come and find me in my sins and raise them all to take me home with him. I will sing unto the Lord, cry out with my voice. I will lift my hands and praise. His presence is here in this place. Trles they abound. When the wolves have surrounded in his arms and confidence here on the rock there perfect wrapped in his arms ofidence. here on the rock. There's perfect rest. A high ring of mystery in the desert formed by seven angels. The second coming of Jesus Christ. The scoffers have risen against him. They stumbled at this time. Deceived by a strong delusion. They are blind and do not know I am with the cloud. It's not a stumbling stone to me indeed returning like man that is all that I can see. Some may dismiss it as a lie. crying crucified crucified but I can't deny the very essence of my being every doubt is my whole identity was caught up among them. The light to shine on the seven stars. Sent to restore the truth. Call the children and turn them hearts. What did you come to see? More than a prophet was here. The lamb was revealed as he opened the seals. It was God hiding in a mist with the cloud. It's not a stumbling stone to me. If you can turn in like man that is all that I can see some may dismiss it as a lie dying crucified crucified but I can't deny the very essence of my being every cloud is my whole life Identity stars are falling from heaven. Great men lose their footing on the rage. The pale horse is riding with her close behind. The storm of unbeliev We can do not shake hands in spirit or night for these things were prophesied. The man is be revealed. Just keep your stand on my side. out with the power is not a stumbling stone to me in life matter that is all that I can see some dismiss it as a lie dying crucified crucified but I can't deny the very essence of my Every cell in me was there in him. That cloud is my whole identity. I am in with a stumbling stone to me. I did return and that is all that I can see. So may dismiss it as a lie crying crucified crucified but I can't deny the very essence of my being everything that is my whole identity dismissed as a lie crying crucified crucified but I can't essence of my being everything that is my identity. Change the order of the service. Go to the key of G. My Jesus, my savior. Lord, there is none like you. All of my days I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love. My comfort, my shelter, tower of reuge and strength. Let every breath and all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power and majesty praise to the king. And the seas will roar at the sound of your name. I sing for joy at the work of your hands. Forever I love you. Forever I stand. Nothing compares to that promise I have in you. &gt;&gt; Amen. How many can say amen to that? &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you saints. You can be seated just for a moment. We have our uh very special guest, Brother Funk, and it was his wife and and some of Nick's family singing for us tonight. And we enjoy that. and brother um Luke Funk is a minister from up north and we want him to come and greet you all. He's done some missionary work and he's a minister, good friend of brother Barrett and so this is my first time meeting him. We're so happy to have him here with us tonight and we're always looking for new friends. I got enough enemies. And so I'm trying to make as many friends as I can get. And so he seems like a friendly brother. And so let's say amen as he comes and takes a few moments to greet you all. Amen. God bless you. Amen. God bless you saints. It's wonderful to be here with you. It's a privilege to be Tucson and uh just seeing the the love of God in your hearts and uh different ones that I've been able to meet uh on our on our short journey here. We're just here for a few days, but I believe that by God's grace, you know, we can just dip down and reconnect with some of the ones that we knew before in eternity. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm thankful to be here in Shalom Tabernacle. I was just listening to the message shalom this this morning as I was looking at the walking into towards the sunrise there at brother Nathaniel's house and uh just in that quote of of the prophet speaking on seeing the the change in the symphony and you have to recognize the hour that you're in you know and I didn't realize that the name of the tabernacle but here we are tonight so God is in all these little things amen they may seem little to us but really they're great things because like he said we have to understand the junction time and you have understand the symphony. And when you know when you're the composer or you have the mind of the composer, then you can anticipate what's coming next. Amen. And we know that we're at a junction in time. We know that we are seeing the changes in the beat. Amen. And that we understand that there's something coming. Amen. That's that great shalom that's breaking across that horizontal line. It's breaking from time into eternity. And one of these days, we're going to break across it. Amen. It's this life is not all it is. Amen. It's not about just going to work and having your family and doing the best that you can do and making enough money to get by and and then coming to church, you know, with a long face and trying to get happy again. Amen. It's something bigger than that. Amen. We're here for an eternal purpose and we just came from eternity and we're going back to eternity. Amen. And that three-fold purpose of the prophet that he told us we came he the desire of God to have a family. He had attributes in the back of his mind. Amen. and he just expressed them into time. He came and redeemed them and he's taken them back with him. &gt;&gt; And I'm so thankful to be one of them. Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh I'm from Vancouver, BC, Canada. I I go to church on the Seattle side near Seattle. My wife is here with me, Joanne. And uh we're just privileged to be with you all and to be able to join our lick of fire with yours. Amen. Because I believe that's uh truly the the age is getting dark. It's getting gross darkness upon the people. But I believe that there is a bride in the land. Amen. There's still a bride in Tucson. Maybe the prophet said it's a dry place spiritually, but there's a there's a well of water right here, my brother. And you're feeding, you're drinking from that water. Amen. And uh you can let all the the prickles out. You know, the prophet said that dryness can make you prickly and all these things, but under the rain of that water, Amen. we become so full of leaves of fellowship and love. And I'm so thankful to see you all today and to be a part of uh this, you know, just to stand behind the sacred desk that's been dedicated to God's service and to meet my precious brother and it's been uh just a privilege and I'm thankful to spend time with the Brett family. It's been a I was telling them this morning, it's just been a a reprieve for me, you know, on the back back side of the desert. And uh but that's where God molds the great men of God into his service. Amen. And women of God. So maybe we'll just stand to just have a a quick reading as we just say a few things as we turn the service back to the pastor. And I would just um I would just like to read out of uh Galatians chapter 4. And uh I believe that having received this great messenger, I mean that we that we have here, it's a time that uh we recognize that he's gone been gone for 60 years. Amen. &gt;&gt; And uh we're in the seventh decade. How many understands that? And these are all symbols in in in in the prophet's me ministry that he gave us. And uh it's not just time going on and on and on and on. You know, sometimes it feels that way, but we're not just going on and on. No, there's a there's an appointed season for the bride to enter into her position and into her place and into her adopted position in Christ. Amen. How many believes in adoption here? &gt;&gt; Amen. Who who's looking to uh enter into the ultimate ultimate adoption once and for all? &gt;&gt; And that's the body change. Amen. And but before that body change, we have to be already raptured in our souls. Is that right? Because we can't just be living here as as as human beings with no expectation. No, we have to have that expectation alive. And that Holy Spirit has to be in the inside quickening us and bringing us into that place of full adoption. Amen. Let's just read here as we just take a few minutes and we'll get you on your on your seats or you can stand. It's up to you. And uh let me just read in chapter 4. Um sorry here. Let me just uh find exactly. I'll read from uh verse four. But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman made under the law to redeem that were them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. How many believe that we're at the fullness of time? I believe it. &gt;&gt; And I believe it's come. And it says, "Because verse six, and because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father. Wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son, and if a son, than an heir of God through Christ. How be it then, when you knew not God, ye did service unto them which by nature are no gods. But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, where unto you, where unto ye desire again to be in bondage. You can have your seats. And I I just my thought here is just just for a few minutes. Not going to take up the pastor's time. I know he uh has something for you tonight, but I just want to just express, you know, the the heart the burden of my heart just a little bit to you and to introduce myself to you and and just thankful that to be here with you all. And uh to me the the the the subject of adoption. Uh it's it's the ultimate climax really of the ministry of the son, every son and daughter of God. whether we're just uh you know going through our life and as a Christian and looking for that final uh ascension into eternity. Uh but the adoption is really what is is the prophet Paul is showing here that the adoption of sons or daughters is the placing of you in authority in your position. You're already born a son or a daughter. That doesn't change your identity. It was from eternity. But there's a time when you have to come into your placing as that son and daughter. The place where you start to have the authority because the ma your father has now confidence that your actions are going to be in accordance with his will. Amen. &gt;&gt; And there's a time and a season when you come into that position, that placing of of a son and daughter that you now prove that his confidence is in you and your actions and your life and your behavior is comely to the Holy Spirit. You know, there's a times where you're you're you're walking and you're stumbling along like your a prophet, he said how that you know, uh when I was a child, I you know, spake as a child and I did childish things. you know, he's so glad that he was coming into his his 50 uh or his third decade or third uh 25 years. He said as he was reaching that 50-year mark and somewhere around there, he was saying how much better it was because he wasn't jumping at snakes like it was. He wasn't trying to, you know, uh figure things out as much anymore, but he could just walk calmly with confidence knowing his position. And he said like an athlete they will maybe uh say sorry a child will stumble down this aisle here and they'll be trying to find their way you know but an athlete he said will just walk from here to the back and they won't even sweat you know won't even think about it you know because they know how to do it right but a child is stumbling along they're trying to find their way they're finding their feet so to speak right but when you become a full-g grown man when you become in your position as an adopted son you are not struggling ling any longer. It's not a struggle to serve God. No, it's a pleasure. You do it from your heart. It's out of a love relationship. &gt;&gt; You know how many like a prophet said, if if he was going on a trip somewhere, you know, and he told his wife, "Now, Mrs. Brandom, how dare you? Uh don't you ever look at another man? Don't you even think about it. Uh if you if I find out that you done it, you're you're going to be a divorced woman when when you get home." He said, "What kind of a household would that make?" Right? But when you serve God out of the love of God in your heart, it's a love relationship. And everything that the dos and the don'ts of legalism in the message will tell you to do, you do it out of love. Those same things, you wear the long skirts, you wear the right clothes, you behave yourself calmly, you act up accordingly, and you do it whether no one's looking or whether someone's looking because you know he's looking and he's the one that you're answering to. Amen. And you do it from a love relationship to him because you love him and he's your husband. He's your bridegroom and the relationship that you're in brings out the life. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so that's what adoption is. Adoption is the is going going beyond the salvation stage. It's going beyond the justification stage. It's going beyond the sanctification stage. But there's something that we must attain unto. The prophet said you can have enough of the Holy Ghost that will keep you a moral Christian. &gt;&gt; It will keep you good enough going to church doing the right thing. But you know those people are going right into the tribulation. Some of them people good people wonderful people that love God and that are serving him day in day out and they can brother says they can do a lot of works. They're like a good mule you know they work work work work right and they're doing so many things for the for the church for the pastor you know for the for the music for the you know whatever. But there's something more than that that we have to come into. It's not the works that you can do, but it's the life that you're living that you don't live, but it's the life of God living through you. &gt;&gt; That's what adoption is, saints. And that's what my This has just been my own personal journey, my revelation. You know, you you start to realize that there's something more than just a church life. &gt;&gt; You know, you get tired of church and religion. How many is a little tired of church and religion? And I don't mean this building and the wonderful atmosphere that you have, but I mean just the the form that we can we can start to enter into because we want to find a way to serve God. I mean, when you think of a cathedral, have ever seen a big cathedral? I mean, I've traveled around the world. I've seen some of these cathedrals that they have like the one in London, St. Paul's, and so forth. And you walk into them and you sense you just you feel this feeling, you know, because it's so massive and so high up there. It's probably 300 feet to the top of the dome. and you feel like as tall as an ant, you know, and that aw struck feeling that that you get, you think people misin misinterpret that for the presence of God. It's not the presence of God. It's just making you feel insignificant, right? It's trying to put God way up somewhere above you and you down way here down below, you know? But that God, this message has done has come to do the exact exact opposite. &gt;&gt; It's to come and take this pillar of fire right here &gt;&gt; and not leave him up here, but to bring him right here. Amen, brother. &gt;&gt; We don't want to leave him up there. That's good for 1950. But that life is now to come indwell in us &gt;&gt; to walk in you and I. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that when you come to us to someone that is in need, you can lay hands on them and you can see them delivered &gt;&gt; because of your faith. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can lay hands. You don't even have to pray. How many knows that the the shadow of Peter &gt;&gt; brought healing? &gt;&gt; The very shadow. And and then we're worried about if someone if we pray for them, if they're going to get healed. Come on. You know, let's start to have confidence in who we are as sons and daughters of God. Amen. We don't need a prophet to return. &gt;&gt; You know, we don't need no return ministry. I'll tell you where the return ministry is. It's sitting right here today &gt;&gt; because that same Holy Spirit has come back in a multi-membered body called the bride of Jesus Christ. And that is the return ministry that I'm a part of and you are a part of because it's the same God in his bride form. I will ride this trail again. He's riding it in you and I. &gt;&gt; That's what the riding is. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said one place he says, I'll ride this trail trail trail again. And then another place says we'll ride this trail again. Because he's putting you and I into the picture. Amen. He's not leaving. We're not being left on the outer court. But it's time to go into the Holy of Holies. I don't want to stand in the outer court where the rain comes and the darkness comes and the heat comes, you know, and the sacrifices and the smoke and everything and then going into the holy place where the where it gets smoky from the the the candlesticks and the clapping of the priest's hands. No, I want to go beyond that. Amen. There's something in the shakina glory that we want to enter into &gt;&gt; because it's in the shakina presence of God that the but that Aaron's rod budded &gt;&gt; overnight. It didn't need seven months to grow blossoms, you know. It didn't need a season to go by, but the very life of God brought forth that budding because it was the very creative power of God. The anointing, the super anointing. Amen. Who, how, how many wants a taste of that super anointing tonight? Do you want to put it off to tomorrow or do you want it right here tonight? The same God that was with the prophet is here today, saints. I don't want to put him in history. Not se not 60 years after he's come and gone. No, there must be a people on the land that know their God and are doing those exploits because that's the people that is going in the rapture. It's not those that hear it. It says where unto you desire again to be in bondage. What is bondage? It's legalism. It's the law only with no grace with not the balance in the middle of the road. Not to know your position as a called son, bornagain son and daughter of God. When you're standing in your position, then you know that the life of God in me is the life of God in my brother and sister. And that we have we've been placed on this earth to finish the work in righteousness. Amen. It's not been 60 years of the book of Judges. No, I refuse to believe that. I believe it's been 60 years of the book of Acts. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because maybe you don't know. Maybe you don't know exactly what's going on everywhere in the world. But God is doing things. Amen. And I had believe he's doing it here in this little assembly today. That supernatural power of the living God making you a living tabernacle of the living God's dwelling place. &gt;&gt; What do you want to be a powerhouse for God? Amen. How many wants to be a powerhouse for God? &gt;&gt; I don't want to be a a church pew warmer anymore. &gt;&gt; Take I don't want that. Forget that. You know, let's let's be a real powerhouse for the living God &gt;&gt; to see the works of God in our life. &gt;&gt; Religion kills, saints. Religion kills religion. We have we've had 2,000 years of religion, but the time has come for the bride to come out of her, my people. And let me believe you, the saint. The same the same darkness that was in the Catholic church. It is in the Catholic church. That's that same spirits have moved in the message realm. Or do you think Satan is standing outside and think, "Oh, there's they got a they got the pillar of fire up there. They got a they they believe in a prophet. I'm just going to stay on the outside. I can't go in there." No, he comes right down. He sits on pews, right? And he whispers in your ear. He's that's not good enough for you know you you're not good enough. You what did you do last night? You know what? Who do you think you are coming to church? What's your problem? Yeah, just just get out of here. You know, and causing all that whispering and all the the thoughts that that come in our mind and the greatest battle ever fought. But what do we got to do? We got to cast down reasoning. Amen. Cast down the accuser of the brethren. Revelation 12. Amen. Let's bring these things present tense. Let's not put it off in the future somewhere, but let's say, "No, Lord, that that same reality is my personal experience." And if you haven't experienced it, saints, this is for you tonight. The same God of the Bible is still here. He's still doing the same things. And if there's someone that that desires that supernatural reality in their life, that super anointing can come in every life. All you have to do is say, "Lord, beat unto me according to your word. Lord, fill me with that power. Fill me with make me a a powerhouse for God. Set me on fire with this reality of this message because this message is not creeds and dogma saints. This is not doctrine and correcting us where we had wrong baptism and all these things. That's that's that's true and that's all right. But there's something more. This the life has to move up into the past the shock, past the tassel and has to go into the grain. And what do we have to do? We have to lay in the presence of the sun to ripen, to come to full maturity. We can't be holding back any longer. No, the time has come to go up. And here we are 60 years later, you know, but God has still has a people in the land that know their God and are doing exploits. Amen. The reality of his presence is in is amongst us. Amen. And there's a little just I'll just close with this and turn it back to the pastor just with this little thought. I was just standing out there at brother Barrett's yard and we were having some fellowship and I just went out to just to read and pray a little bit and his son uh little um little Liam there had uh just been uh playing on his bike and he was finally got delivered from the training wheels. Amen. And uh he had those training wheels were so important to him, you know, uh for so many months. I'm not sure how long he must have been riding that bike, you know, and he's he couldn't stand he couldn't ride that bike without those training wheels, you know, and he was probably going back and forth and he was, you know, just so happy to have those wheels to keep him up, right? You know, and but there came one day, you know, he something must have come over him. He's like, you know what? I don't need those anymore. I I I can I can go on my own, you know. I can I can balance this bike, you know, and the all the coordination just started working in him and suddenly he just those training wheels just fell off and I was walking through the yard there and under a tree these two training wheels discarded, you know, but they were so important for so such a long time. But there came a time when he didn't need them anymore. Amen. And I believe that's what we are. Amen. We've had the training wheels, you know, of of of the support structure around us. But sometime there's a there come a time where we can move beyond that and we can enter into the reality. Amen. We can stand on our own two feet and walk into God's presence and know that he's going to answer your prayer. Amen. We don't need the training wheels any longer. Let them go. You know, they serve their purpose. But the time has come for us to walk hand in hand with God alone. Because saints, the rapture is not going to be a group experience. It's not a group experience. It's not a church identity. It's you and God alone. When you walk with God, you have to walk alone. It's not a group experience. You can your pastor can hold your hand for so long, but there comes a time when you have to let go and you have to take on his hand and he has to walk and you have to walk across with him. And I believe we're come down to the wire. There's things that are happening around the world. The modern events are being made clear by vindicated prophecy saints. And there's there's a great junction that we're coming into. And I pray that we'll pray for revelation of this hour because God is still revealing himself to his bride. &gt;&gt; He hasn't stopped that. He's not the God of history. He's the God of the present tense reality. Amen. And I'll just close with one scripture, the next book here in Ephesians, Ephesians chapter 1. And we know that this is the Joshua of the New Testament. Amen. He says verse four, "According as he hath chosen us in him before the foundation of the world, that we should be holy and without blame before him in love, having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will, to the praise of the glory of his grace, wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved. I mean, I could keep going on and on. Where do you stop sometimes? You know, I feel that way with the scripture. You just want to keep going and going, but it's when this word becomes a reality to you. You know that you've been predestinated. You know, that's a big word for us like the prophet said. But that predestination, saints, that shows that there's nothing that can stop you going back into the mind of Christ. You came from his mind and you're going back into him. &gt;&gt; That's the promise that we've been given. And that is the adoption of sons. We recognize God sent a prophet and that life is now come into a bride. And that bride is going to meet her bridegroom. He was not the one. Amen. He is the messenger to connect us to the bridegroom. You know, we don't want to stop at the messenger. We want to recognize no. God sent a prophet to connect us to him. &gt;&gt; And outside of him, he cannot meet the bridegroom. Without without meeting the bride, the the Eleazar, Rebecca could not go to meet Isaac. She had to have her eleer and there was no outside of the midnight cry. There's no going in to the bridegroom chamber. And I let me let me tell you one last thought as we close. The foolish virgin and the wise virgin, they both heard the midnight cry. But it was the wise virgin that maintained the oil with their vessels. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because they had the vessels to top up their lamps, to trim those lamps. Amen. and then they could enter into the bridegroom. But while they were trimming, while they were topping up, they there's others that found. They had oil in the lamps. Don't get me wrong, they had oil, right? They had wicks, they had fire, they had it all. But there came a time, well, maybe God let 60 years go by. Maybe let people dry out a little bit, you know, get caught up with the cares of life a little too much, you know, but there came a time when they had realized they went dry. and they had to go and buy dry and bride and need to buy. But there was a people that were going in at the same time. And in that little season between the midnight cry and the entering in, that's where we are tonight. If you can recognize it, we've heard the midnight cry and now we're in that little season where we're walking into the bridegroom's chamber. Let our hearts and our minds be trimmed tonight. Amen. And full of that oil. How many wants a refilling of the Holy Ghost tonight? Let's just stand to your feet. Amen. And maybe we'll just just pray in our hearts as we turn the service back to our pastor. Just say, "Lord, I've had church and I've had religion." You know, and I'm talking about this church in this building. No, I'm talking about religion in your heart. You've done you've worked and you've done things because you just know that's the right thing to do. You know, you've gone to church because, well, you know, my parents took me to church all my life, you know, and they they believe that, you know, this is the right thing for me to do. Well, I I'm only here because somebody told me to come or, you know, I'm here because I love my pastor, you know, or I'm here because, you know, uh that girl is real cute and I I like her or that boy or, you know, and you had you have all your reasons and you bring it down to religion. It's all religion. But you know what? That's not going to go into the bridegroom chamber. That's going to be left on the outside. But how many wants to go in tonight? Amen. How many wants to go into the holy of holies, the shakina glory? How many wants to enter into adoption tonight? How many wants to be a powerhouse for the living God? How many wants to know that that pillar of fire is in me, is in you? The 120 on the upper room, they weren't all looking at Peter with his nice big pillar of fire and wondering where theirs were. No, every single one. every little insignificant member up there that wasn't an apostle that weren't there at the at the resurrection. Each one of those had a pillar of fire that didn't stay over their head because when they came out of that room were there was a pillar of fires over their head everywhere. No, the pillar of fire was seen over their head and it went inside of them and they became powerhouses of li of the living God. They became the very tabernacles of the living God's dwelling place. And as we bow our heads and lift our hearts to him, heavenly father, Lord, I pray that you will make us all powerhouses for your service, Lord. Lord, as we see the the great closing of the of time, Father, we see gross darkness upon the people, but Lord, there's a revival of the just, oh God, there is a bride's revival, Father. And I believe there's a people here today in Shalom Tabernacle in Tucson, Arizona, Father. A place that your prophet identified so clearly, Lord, and that you sent them here for a purpose, oh God. And I believe there's still a people here, oh God, that have heard that midnight cry. And Lord, I believe that there's a people that have a groaning in their hearts. Oh God, that to be caught up in that cloud, Lord, not just to hear a song, but to walk into the reality of that in their personal lives, oh God, that we will become tabernacles of the living God's dwelling place. adoptions, adopted sons, not going back into the bondage of of church and religion, oh God, and become and staying pew warmers, Lord, but let us walk into that reality, Father. Lord, where we become, oh God, a a new book of Acts, Lord, that that life in that's that was in your prophet is still in us, oh God, is in us in a in a measure, Father. And Lord, we're looking for that dynamics, Lord, as he said in there, in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. We've worked with that dynamics in a measure while the headstone is uniting with the body. But oh God, may that headstone united with these tabernacles, these pyramids, oh God, to make us that full powerhouse of the dynamics, Lord, that dynamo as your prophet called it, Lord. Oh, Father, grant it for the Shalom Tabernacle, for each and every one, Lord, for myself, Lord. You know, my hands are raised, Lord God. We all desire refilling of your Holy Spirit. We love you, oh God. And we're so thankful, Lord, that you are still here, oh God. That you are still working and moving on hearts tonight, Lord. And I know that there's someone here tonight that this was for, Father. And I believe your Holy Spirit will go after each and everyone that it is, Lord, and touch their hearts today, oh God, and move in everyone life, Lord. And those that have the Holy Ghost, we just want a refilling, oh God. There's never too too much that of you can have that we can have, Lord. But we just want to be a fountain, Lord, that's just bubbling up, oh God, unstoppable, Father, that there's nothing, oh God, that can plug it, Lord. There's no amount of snow. There's no amount of ice. There's no amount of coldness, so there's no amount of sickness, oh God. There's nothing that can stop that fountain, Lord, because it's a bubbling fountain, Lord. And it doesn't freeze over. It doesn't it's not stopped by the climate, oh God. And I'm so thankful for for that promise, Lord, to make us those fountains, oh Lord. So grant it today, Lord. And I thank you for this little group, Lord. Bless them, I pray, in a special way. We're thankful that we were able to drop by and just encourage them and encourage myself as well, Lord, to see a people here, Lord, that are pressing on. So bless them. I pray, Lord. I ask a special blessing on them. And may you break out a revival in this place, oh God, that they've never even seen us yet, Lord. Oh God, because you are there's always more of you to have. And I believe we've never had enough yet, Lord. But one of these days, oh God, we're going to be so full that we'll have to leave this dimension. Lord, we just change dimensions, Father, by that quickening power, oh Lord, that's coming on us, oh Father. Granted, I pray. We give you the praise and the glory. We thank you. We love you for all that you've done and what you're doing in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, saints. I just wanted to just give a few words just to tell you that we love you and we thank you. We don't know you personally, but one day we will. Amen. On the other side, we have a a table 100 miles long or 3,000 or how many we it is. And we'll be there for eternity. Amen. Just let's make sure we're there. That's the main thing, right? And on that day, we'll have all the time to talk and to connect and to love each other. Amen. God bless you. Thank you. Amen. Thank you. You can take your seats, musicians. God bless you. Sorry. God bless each of you saints. So good to be in the house of the Lord with you. And thank you for our brother and his wife and family and sharing those good things with us. And uh I'd like to take a a scripture found in the New Testament just before we go to prayer. And it's been something on my mind just a little bit and it's in Acts chapter 19. I believe it falls right in line with some of the things our brother was saying about the adoption and it's by the spirit that we are adopted. But we had a Sunday school lesson that we've been going through the series. What is the Holy Ghost? What was it given for? And um Paul asked a question here that I sense just in the few years I've been around the message in many different church groups. You know, to ask this question, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? It really it kind of puts it right into your face. And this is what Paul does in Acts 19 verse1. And it came to pass that while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coast came to Ephesus and finding certain disciples, he said unto them, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since ye believed?" And they said unto him, "We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost." And he said unto them, "Unto, what then were you baptized?" And they said unto John's baptism. Then said Paul, John verely baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is on Christ Jesus. When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them and they spake with tongues and prophesied. And all the men were about 12. Let's take one more scripture in Acts chapter 1. The book of Acts was written by Luke. And if you take St. Luke um chapter 24 and you just end that and go right into Acts, you'll see how they just flow cuz he starts about the former trustees. He's talking about his gospel that he wrote, O Theopilolis, and he's reading these things of what the Lord had done. He's kind of leaving off where uh the disciples were st standing there and Jesus was taken up into heaven before them. And I'll take verse number six. And when they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, wilt thou at this time restore again the kingdom to Israel? And he said unto them, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father hath put in his own power, but ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you, and ye shall be my witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." Amen. Let us pray. Lord Jesus, we ask you to bless your word, this portion of the word. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. You know, every service is unique, isn't it? &gt;&gt; What's going to happen next? We don't know, do we? &gt;&gt; But if it's the Holy Spirit, we want it, don't we? &gt;&gt; And we don't even know what tomorrow holds for us. We say it's Thursday, &gt;&gt; but Thursday could mean the last day for a lot of things and the way things change and news and the way they happen. And so we just want to embrace whatever the Lord has for us. As I was thinking about this little message here, um the Sunday school, what is the Holy Ghost? What was it given for? And I went back through it and as a class, Sunday school, adult Sunday school class, we have listened to 20 minute segments. And I think that was about six or seven, maybe more segments of listening to the prophet. What was the Holy Ghost given for? First it was, what is the Holy Ghost? What was it given for? And when he preached, so we like to greet our visitors. you find saints and the other visitors brother in the back there. Yes. Appreciate your singing each of you. So as we um would look at that and move forward with it, you know, it it it seems like and I've seen this amongst many of the churches, at least the ones I'm affiliated with, that there is a general sense of some of us don't know when we receive the Holy Ghost. And I really believe that in order for you to have faith in what you're doing, as our brother was speaking about adoption, do we even know we've received the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; And I don't believe we should be questioning that. So my own personal testimony, I was over two years tering, what we call tarrying for the Holy Ghost. I was begging the Lord, brother Luke, to let me speak in tongues. I did that in the Pentecostal church. I went to different prayer meetings where they were doing this because in the Pentecostal church, and one thing I do admire about them is that the Holy Ghost is an experience &gt;&gt; and there is a day and a time when you receive that &gt;&gt; and they make that very clear. And in fact, in our church, our pastor wanted me to receive it so he can use me in the church more because he did not I could not be using the church in a greater level until I received the Holy Ghost. Everybody in the church knew I didn't have it. I knew I didn't have it. So when the pastor asked for people to come up and pray to receive it, the people that didn't have it, it was no shame about it. There was no funny feeling about it. You got up out of your seat and you came to the altar seeking the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Now, is that wrong? &gt;&gt; We've made it wrong. &gt;&gt; We our atmosphere have made it wrong. And so we want to receive the Holy Ghost in our own little quiet way and have it happen some way or far away place and then you'll show up and then say, "Yeah, while I have the Holy Spirit." Well, it's a happening. &gt;&gt; It is something that happens. &gt;&gt; And when you take this message, which is beautiful, it's in December of 59, just before Christmas. And then right after that he goes into the adoption. And so let's take the intro in what is the Holy Ghost just for a few moments and then we can pray. All right. Now the prophet is just in the intro he says this here. Paragraph 6. Tonight I want to speak on the subject what is the Holy Ghost? And tomorrow night I want to preach on what was it given for? and on Friday night and to the recorders. I don't want this recorded Friday night. How do I get the Holy Ghost? How do I know when I have it? And then we will just let then see what the Lord will lead us for Saturday and Sunday, Sunday morning, the healing service. And he continues on to paragraph 8. You know, every church, if you don't have a doctrine, you're not a church. You've got to have something that you stand for, some principles that you're holding up. And regardless of what a person's affiliation or denomination might be, if that person is born of the spirit of God, that's my brother or my sister. Regardless, we might different in other things as far as east from the west, but we are still brothers. Look at your neighbor and say, "Brother, sister." That's what we are, brothers and sisters. And I would not do nothing but to try to help that brother for a closer, better walk to Christ, then I believe any real true Christian would do the same for me. Then he goes into what he wanted this meeting to be and what these series of services what he wanted them to be. And here's what he says in paragraph number 11. And I know I won't get through all of this. I'm just going to say a few things just because the intro before he even reads the scripture is very very powerful and it's something you should read and internalize &gt;&gt; and really take it in as as how the prophet approached this series on the Holy Ghost. Now look at this. and to this little tabernacle seeing that I believe that it is one of the finest people that I believe that's on the earth goes to this tabernacle. I never said all the finest people. I said some of the finest people on the earth go to this tabernacle. But as day by day entering back from meeting to meeting, I see a great need of this tabernacle, a great need in it. And that's for a filling or a consecration, a deeper life, a closer walk with the with God. &gt;&gt; And I've promised them to do this to have this meeting for them. and we're glad to bring you in and fellowship with us around the word of God as we teach and try to bring out paragraph 13. The other night around a little after midnight, the wife and I after setting up and praying and talking to the Lord across a little foottool in our own front room with two open Bibles, we consecrated ourselves a new to God for a complete service. Now husbands and wives, do you think that would be a good thing to do? Do you think the prophet was the prophet? &gt;&gt; Do you think he had the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; You think he was a man of God? But here he is with his wife reconsecrating their life for a service to the Lord for a complete service that we would surrender our own wills and everything and every negative thought we're coming on upon every negative thought and to serve the Lord Jesus. And I trust that's been your attitude too, that you've done the same thing. Then when we're coming tonight, we're coming upon holy ground among a people who's been praying and fasting and making restitutions and getting ready to receive something from God. And I know that he that will come hungry will not go away hungry, but God will feed with the bread of life. So look at the approach. Look at that approach. So receiving the Holy Ghost, let me say this to you, my sister, my brother. Being raised in the church, as one of the ministers said the other night, being raised in the message in particular can be a liability for some because you don't have a starting point when you first saw the pillar of fire or heard um the serpent seat or whatever the message, what we call the message. And so it can be difficult to know exactly when that experience has taken place in your life. And especially if many of the churches have taken the position, if you believe the message, you have the Holy Ghost. And whether they say it, the action of it seems to be the prevailing sense &gt;&gt; that I believe the message, therefore I'm okay. I believe the message. Who cares whether I had an experience in the Holy Ghost like a like a a a definite birth in the Holy Ghost. And the way the prophet teaches and the way the Bible teaches it, when they receive the word and they receive the Holy Ghost, it was something that happened. &gt;&gt; And you need that. &gt;&gt; It's a tide post. &gt;&gt; It's something you can go point back to. &gt;&gt; Something happened. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We must have that. Amen. &gt;&gt; In fact, in one place, in one place, it's in the questions and answers, Brother Random was talking about a sister. He prayed that God would let her speak in tongues because she had the Holy Spirit, but she didn't have that. She didn't know. She didn't have that typos. He said, "So, I prayed that God would let her speak in tongues for her faith." &gt;&gt; How many know that quote? &gt;&gt; How many's heard that quote? Yes, he said it. He said, "But if I taught it that way, Then everybody would try to receive by speaking in tonesues and then they think they have the Holy Ghost and they wouldn't have it. &gt;&gt; Holy the speaking in tonesues is the least of the gifts. &gt;&gt; And so this tidepost this knowing &gt;&gt; this absolute assurance that you have received the Holy Ghost since you believed. I believe that's what the Lord wants. That's the faith you should walk into. I don't be I don't believe it's a casual happening. I believe that it should be a moment in time. Something happened and you know it. And so this approach was the tabernacle knew he was bringing this message. So they came fasting, praying, consecrating themselves for this outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon those that needed it. And um it's a definite difference when you've been baptized, if you accepted the Lord into your life. I if I don't get that message across to you or if this church hasn't got that message across to you, please I pray God will get that message across to you. You must receive the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And I'm preach I can preach on the the statue of a perfect man and I can bring out all the quotations on what's going to happen in the future home. And I can show you who the great angel was in Revelations 18. that great voice that called for us to come out of her. And I can show you all those deep things and all those wonderful things. Show you what happened right here in the mountain over here where the sword struck his hand. &gt;&gt; Not just any sword, not anybody's sword, but the king sword. The king sword struck his hand. I can show you that. But if you haven't received the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; you can't walk with faith and assurance for your own Christian walk. Young people, old people, new people, old-timers, you must receive the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Amen, somebody. &gt;&gt; That's my responsibility to put that forward to you. I believe when I listen to the tapes, brother Brandham is relieved from that responsibility to us. He made it clear to us. Coming to the Brandom Tabernacle didn't mean you had the Holy Ghost. Believing doesn't mean you have the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is an experience that has to happen to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now in this message he goes forward and he asks the question in he makes a statement in paragraph 22. I'm just going to take about 10 more minutes. Okay saints and then we'll pray. &gt;&gt; Paragraph 22. Upon this place we wish to approach the subject which I think is the outstanding subject of today of the what is the Holy Spirit? What is it? And now the reason I've taken this subject in line like this, you cannot come and receive the Holy Spirit unless you know what it is. &gt;&gt; And you cannot receive it if you know what it is. Unless you believe it's given to you and it's for you. And then you cannot know whether you've got it or not unless you know what results it brings. &gt;&gt; So if you know what it is and who it is to who it's to and what action it brings when it comes then you'll know what you've got when you get it. See that's ju just would settle it. So for any of you hearts here, and I know it's a number of you here that are not sure and you have signs of the Holy Spirit in your life, justification, sanctification, and your love for the Lord and his word in measures and there's many signs that show that the Holy Spirit is in your life. But you can't definitely say that you have received the Holy Spirit. What I would like you to do is take this message and simply take the scriptures and there's many of them that the prophet brings because the scriptures tell us what it is. &gt;&gt; And you can't receive it if you don't know what it is. And what it is isn't brother Israel's testimony or somebody else's testimony. is what the Bible said what it was &gt;&gt; and the promise that it was. And so many times those of us that are wanting to receive the Holy Spirit haven't even taken the scriptures to find out what the Holy Spirit is as a foundation to know what that promise is and then reading it and praying for it and then your expectations is set upon what the word of God said the Holy Spirit is. and then God by his grace can remove those questions from you. Now I said brother Jeff he says now now the reason I've taken this subject you cannot receive it unless you know what it is unless you believe it's given for you it's for you and then you cannot know whether you've got it or not unless you know what results is it brings. So if you know what it is and who it's to and what action it brings when it comes then you'll know what you've got when you get it. That just would settle it. Like I was talking to brother Jeff today. He said, "I'd like to be in the meeting tonight, but I'll be there tomorrow night." He didn't know the meeting was going on because he didn't announce it just right. Brother Leo and then wrote some of our friends and told them out of town. Well, now I said, "Brother Jeff, if you sent me down to turn on one of your oil wells and I didn't know nothing about it, I probably blow it up. I might turn the wrong key or start the wrong motor. I'd have to know how to do it before I did it. And that's the way with receiving the Holy Ghost. You've got to know what you're coming for and how to receive it and what it is. &gt;&gt; I love that. Then he asked this question. How many in here has not received the Holy Ghost? Been baptized with the Holy Ghost? Raise your hands. Just look at the hands. He says, "Now, if I were to ask that question to our church here, some might be offended by that question or feel the pressure by it, but that shouldn't make you feel any pressure. That's a real question. How many in here has not received the So he's asking his congregation just like Paul asked Apollos, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? This question has to be answered and only you can answer that. my brother and my sister. I believe if every one of us has received the Holy Ghost, it would solve pretty near or all of our problems as it pertains to our attitude in working with one another and our approach towards the message and our approach towards church and our approach towards immature believers and our approach towards people who talk against us and all the other little things that human beings do to one another. If we all have received the Holy Ghost, &gt;&gt; wouldn't this church be a better church? &gt;&gt; Wouldn't I be a better minister? &gt;&gt; Couldn't I be the best pastor if I had received the Holy Ghost or another fresh baptism of the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; What do you say? &gt;&gt; Yes. And I love the way the prophet brings us and I'll stop here on page number seven verse 27 paragraph 27. There is a vast difference between just a Christian and a holy ghostfilled Christian. Now we're going to get this from the scripture and place it just exactly in the scripture. The first place there is a Christian profess to be a Christian. But if this Christian has not yet been filled with the Holy Ghost, he's only in process of being a Christian. See, he's profess to believe it. He's working uh to it, but God has not yet given him this spirit of the Holy Ghost. He's not yet reached that goal with God that God recognized it. Now, I believe that's where many of us are. Me, many of the saints in our little local assembly here are. Some of them are. I believe that. I believe many people that are honest will say that's where they are. Uh they haven't received the Holy Ghost yet. But is this a promise to you? And right at the end of this message, the closing scripture that brother Vanom takes for us is in 1 Corinthians chapter 12. I was amazed because that's exactly where we have been for quite some time, paragraph 133. And he says this now watch. See, Paul said, "How you get in Christ? How you going to be known as a as a circumcision?" Abraham, they give a sign. Listen to this now. 1 Corinthians the 12th chapter. Let's begin at the 12th verse. For as the body is one and has many members, all members of that one body, being many, are one body, so also is Christ, not divided, one. Listen. For by one church, how many you reading behind me? By one handshake, by one water. No, then somebody's wrong. By one spirit. Is it a capital? That's the Holy Spirit. Then see, by one spirit are we all baptized into one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have been made all to drink into one spirit. So we are baptized into the body of Christ by this one Holy Spirit. And every believer has to receive the Holy Spirit in order to make the rapture. It is the Holy Spirit that raptures us. &gt;&gt; The prophet of God tells us that in this very message. It is the Holy Spirit that is our advocate. It's our sign. It's our protection. It's all those things. He is the individual that lives inside of you. It's the spirit of God living inside of you. &gt;&gt; And that is what the Holy Ghost is. And have you received it was the theme of every apostle? That was the theme of every apostle was, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" The prophet of God makes it very clear to us and he says it here. If I can get it for you quickly. Maybe they got it for me in the back. No. See and the token paragraph 148 that was the theme of every apostle that was have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Repent every one of you. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and you shall receive this gift of the Holy Ghost. For it's a token, amen, that you've passed from death unto life. There you are. When the Jewish church faded out, the Gentiles taken it over and the perversion like that. Now she has come out to get that remnant of the Gentiles for his name's sake, the bride. &gt;&gt; So what was the theme of every apostle? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? &gt;&gt; That's the theme. That's the question I would have for you. That's the question that I place before my own life. That's the question that we place at all times. Am I walking in the Holy Spirit? And then that great seal to come and the great adoption and the child training and all those great things as our brother had mentioned here. And just as we close just to because our brother made a statement about riding this trail again and I just want to bring it to what the prophet said. Okay, &gt;&gt; you all know me, right? It's got to be what the prophet said. And so in Noah at night 1965 paragraph number 259. Okay, I'm just going to bring this quotation to you and then you'll know that this was a vision. Now this isn't a side quote. This was a vision that came to the prophet. And just like the disciples in Acts chapter 1, Lord, will you at this time begin to restore the kingdom? That's how we like to do. We want to know when and how and where in 1984. No, it's going to be in 2000. No, it's going to be 2017. Look at Hillary's purple dress and all this and what happened to Cal. We always do it. &gt;&gt; But he has given us his word. Can I get the quote here just for a moment? &gt;&gt; And this is what you're going to do if you're interested in what he said about Ry Israel again. You're going to go get that tape &gt;&gt; and you're going to press play. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And find out where the prophet was wrong. Right? &gt;&gt; Please. &gt;&gt; The term ride this trail again doesn't belong to any preacher. Don't belong to me. &gt;&gt; It belongs to the vision that was given to the prophet. And this is why sometimes I jab a little bit on certain statements that I know it twirls the thumbs or toenails of certain people in the message because they they get upset over certain statements and they try to place me in a box or place you in a box or something and you get upset and get all in the bind and upset because brother Israel believes whatever or brother whoever believes whatever. Did the prophet say it? That's that's what you need to come down. Does the Bible say it? Did the prophet say it? &gt;&gt; Then say amen. &gt;&gt; And then go figure out what it means. &gt;&gt; How many you can understand what I'm saying? &gt;&gt; But we get so uptight and I got a little my good friend's not here tonight. One of my good friends. I'm married to one of my good friends. You know, I say little things and I flex little things, but it's really to, you know, if there's a quotation or scripture, bring it to me, Brother John, and I'll say amen to it, &gt;&gt; right? And for the rest of my life, &gt;&gt; for the rest of my life, I'm not going to stop for anybody else a and try to figure it out. So, but but look at this. Paragraph 259. And a voice shook the whole earth and said the earth shook from under my feet and said after it quit shaking I heard a voice and said brother Brandham it was your voice and said I know there was something said said said I'll ride this trail once more and I start so go get the message how many you want to know what it means go get the message &gt;&gt; and read it listen to it and say amen to it all the way through. Amen. &gt;&gt; So, God bless you very much. Um, we want to go to the Lord in prayer. And those were some of the things I wanted to bring to you to start to bring to you on this Holy Ghost, what it is, and those that don't have it, you need to receive that. It's a definite experience, and you shouldn't rest. So in that message, he says this. He says, "Then on Friday night or Saturday night, we're going to go to the room." He says, "Now I want you ministers to come. I'm going to instruct the ministers." He said, "You're going to go into the room and you're going to stay there if we have to wait until Christmas to receive it." &gt;&gt; Now, that's the approach he gave. &gt;&gt; It wasn't this loose appointment like, "Yes, I'm a Christian. I believe now. I've given my heart to the Lord." And then we stop there. No, the next move is to receive the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; How many can say amen to that? &gt;&gt; And if I haven't received it or I have received it, then there's a place for another feeling of it. &gt;&gt; A refilling. &gt;&gt; Is that right? &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; That's what I want. That's what we all desire. True Christians, true believers want another feeling. &gt;&gt; You know what? What if the prophet stood here today? If it was here, I'm standing here and he said, "I'm going to pray for all you believers to get another outpouring, another filling of the Holy Spirit." How many would sat in their seat say, "No, I'm good. I got enough." &gt;&gt; No. No. That's never been the attitude of the believer. The believer wants more. They want all that God asked for them. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the attitude of the prophet. It's in the scriptures. That's the way he placed it. Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. So, Sister Lorie Snow had her surgery today and it went well what we've heard. Is that right? Yes. And the Lord is bringing her through. I think that's surgery number 30 something that she's had. brother. Her husband told me she's had several surgeries and the Lord is just bringing her through. Holding up. She's looking for a quick recovery. Thank you for praying for Desiree. Last week, she called her elderly mother and then a friend rescued her from a dangerous living situation. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That's from Sister Elanti. Um yes, some of those that are traveling also want to keep Sister Lynette in prayer that the Lord will bring her to her Lynette Blevens to complete recovery. Is there any others that have requests here tonight her request? Yes. &gt;&gt; Yes. Sister Chris, also brother Chris Smith was a little worn out from some work he did today. Want to keep him in prayer and then we have time. We can go to the Lord in prayer. Is there someone else that had a request? Yes, brother. &gt;&gt; Yes. All right. We'll keep our brother in prayer. Brother. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. How many would join brother Nathaniel and say that? How many would with would emotion of lifting up your hand to heaven and saying, "Yes, Lord. I want another &gt;&gt; refilling of the Holy Ghost." I desire that. I really We desire that. So, let's stand to our feet and let's go to the Lord in prayer. Um actually we'll just we'll play some soft music and we can come to the altar and pray. You can pray right at your seat. Just take a few moments and bringing these knees in prayer. Remember the saints in Mesa. Also there is a angel is talking to this young lady. He really angel Harris the one that comes around here. We baptized him here a year or two ago. He really says he's in love with this lady and they've been to church together. He wants to get married to her and um he's moving a bit fast for my opinion, but he's he's he looks better than he has in a long time with her. So, I can't figure it out. I really don't know. But it's always appropriate to pray this. I told him I'll pray for you. I told him I can't do the wedding, but I could I'll pray for you. And that's all I want for Angel. And her name is um her name is Addie. Um yes, her name is Addie. Adi, that's short for something. So keep them in prayer. The saints there for the Arts family with those Bible studies. They're still going forward with those. It's been really nice. So we'll ask the Lord's blessing on that. Amen. So let us pray. God bless you. There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place. Let's just worship the Lord. Hear that? There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place. And I know that it's the spirit of the Lord. There are sweet expressions on each face. And I know there is the presence of the Lord. Oh, sweet Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly love. Oh, stay right here with us, filling us with your love. And for these blessings we live our heart in prayer. Without a doubt, we know that we have been revived when we shall leave this place. There's a sweet, sweet spirit in this place. Hallelujah. And I know that it's the spirit. Oh my. I love you, Lord Jesus. I give you praise. Oh, there are sweet expressions on each day on each. And I know Holy Spirit, sweet heavenly singing. right here with us. Filling us with your love and for these blessings. We lift our hearts in praise. Without a doubt, we'll know that we have been revived. There's no supernatural for these blessings. We lift our hearts in without a doubt. We know Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Thank you. &gt;&gt; Thank you Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless you. Glor of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. &gt;&gt; Beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of the life spent with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days. Oh, so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbling. You came to the earth. You ced. All for love's sake. became Lord. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. All together wonderful to me. And I'll never know. And I'll never know how much it costs to save my sin. upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You are all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to with all your heart. One more time. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, all together wondering. to me. &gt;&gt; Maybe we could just give the Lord a praise offering. Praise God. Just sing. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh Lord, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh Lord, let's take that verse. Thou, oh Lord, art high above all the earth. Thou art exalted far above all God. Oh thou, oh Lord are high above all the earth. Thou art exalted far above all gods. Let's exalt him tonight. We exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee, oh Lord. We exalt thee. Yes, &gt;&gt; we exalt thee. We exalt thee. just like to ask if brother Barrett if you could come forward and just dismiss us with a word of prayer. Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. We thank God for his grace. May God create a desire within us. Amen. To hear this word speak back to us. And may it be alive in our soul. May there not be any doubt, any question. Amen. And you know, I was just thinking, amen, as brother Israel's going through the Holy Ghost series and such. Amen. You know, go back and listen. And you want to know how to receive the Holy Ghost, go back and listen to God in Simplicity, Albuquerque, New Mexico, the last 30 minutes. Amen. And friends, we're in 2026. Amen. And we've had plenty of ordinary services, but may God give us some extraordinary services this year. Amen. May God take off the training wheels of our lives. May he make us rugged Christians. Maybe you be sick and tired of a formal half-hearted experience trying to watch the clock and and put so much pressure and and so many restraints on the Holy Ghost. Maybe take the restraints off, amen, and soar, amen, into the wings of the spirit, amen, because there is no other way, amen, to walk in apostolic faith in this hour. We claim we've had apostolic faith restored. We need to have apostolic services. AMEN. MAY GOD AMEN. BREAK EVERY SHACKLE IN OUR LIVES. AMEN. BREAK EVERY SHACKLE. MAY THE HAND of the enemy, Amen, that's trying to handle this church be rebuked. Amen. MAY ALL THE FUSSING AND ALL THE ALL THE CARES OF LIFE AND EVERYTHING, ALL the business, everything that we put in front of God, may it be may it drop to the back burner. WHEN ARE WE GOING TO GET SERIOUS, CHURCH? WE'VE BEEN PLAYING church for long enough. Every heart, every life, Amen, needs a full consecration in here. Is that your desire? Amen. Amen. If you've sinned, if you've if you've looked at something wrong, amen, don't be ashamed. Amen. Let's let's repent in his presence. If you Let's Let's be honest with God. Let's be honest with our fellow man. Let's be honest with our pastor. Amen. And let's let's not be ashamed, amen, to approach unto him in this hour. Amen. Let let let's let's make the enemy ashamed. Amen. Because of our repentance, BECAUSE OF OUR PRAISE. AMEN. OH HALLELUJAH. GLORY TO GOD. MAY HE MAKE OUR ENEMIES SHAMED. May he MAKE OUR GUILT, OUR FEAR, OUR COMPLEXES ASHAMED. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, may the Lord Jesus Christ in this bride's revival be exalted in each and every life. How many How many has that desire? Amen. God bless every young person. Amen. That that press to enter in this evening. May you keep pressing. MAY YOU KEEP PRESSING. AMEN. MAY YOU KEEP PRESSING UNTIL THIS WORD SPEAKS back to you and the vindication this hour is living in your life and you are an apostolic child of God. Hallelujah. Glory. Thank you father. We thank you for your presence Lord. We thank you for visiting us father. LORD WE ARE SITTING LORD by the wayside naked hungry and begging father. BUT LORD JESUS, HE PASSED OUR WAY. LORD, may we cry unto thee, thou son of David, THOU MESSIAH in this hour. Lord, touch us, Father. Clothe our nakedness. LORD, ANOINT OUR EYES WITH EYES THAT WE CAN SEE. FATHER, REVIVE US, LORD. May there be a revival of the just. Father, may the word speak back to us, Lord. Mary, every enemy, may every fussing and merry arguing. MAY EVERY HINDRANCE OF THE HOLY GHOST BE BROKEN IN EVERY HOME, IN EVERY LIFE, and every circumstance. Father, heal all the sick, DELIVER THE OPPRESSED, FATHER, REVIVE US, LORD. FATHER, FOR THAT is our full inheritance, Lord. And may a redemption and completion and joy, Lord, be our every person's experience, Father. Lord, and we want to pray for tomorrow's service, next week's service. Lord, tonight when we go home, Father, may there be a reconsecration. May the deacons, may the trustees, may the musicians, LORD, RECONSECRATE THEMSELVES, FATHER, LORD, FORGIVE US OF OUR WORLDLINESS, LORD, forgive us of letting our lamps burn down, FATHER. LORD, REVIVE US, LORD, IN THIS FINAL HOUR, IN THIS FINAL PUSH, LORD, TOWARDS THE RESURRECTION, FATHER. Lord God, strip us and wake us over. Father, give us grace, Lord. Be with brother Israel, Father. Strengthen him, Lord. May you open the recess of his soul. Lord, and pour that word in, FATHER. POUR THE WORD IN, LORD. MAY IT BECOME ALIVE TO HIS SOUL. MAY THERE NOT BE ANY more questions or any wonderings, Father. Lord, strengthen him, Lord. Be with his family, Lord. Strengthen his family, Father. May there be such a harmony amongst the amongst the officers, amongst the deacons, amongst the trustees. May each one, Lord, work in the harmony of the spirit, Father. Lord, may this church be a true apostolic church, Father. Lord God, THAT HAS THE ANSWER TO THE QUESTION OF THIS HOUR, FATHER, THAT CAN MEET THE CHALLENGE OF THIS HOUR, FATHER. Lord God, revive us again, Father. Lord, we give ourselves to thee, Father. Holy Father in this hour, give us grace in each and every life, Father. Lord, we love you. We thank you, Father. Blessed be your holy name. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be your holy name, Father. Glory, glory, glory, glory, glory. We everything, brother. God bless you. Glory. I feel the I feel the po. And I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. And I agree. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Amen. If you'd like to be dismissed, you're dismissed. But Keep just worshiping him and just singing some songs to him. Worship him. How do you explain? How do you describe a love that goes from east to west and runs deep as it is wide. Lord, you know all our hopes. You know all our fears. And words cannot express the love we feel. But we long for you to hear. So listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But when words are not enough to tell you of our love, listen to our hearts. If words could fall like rain. If words could fall like rain from these lips of mine. If I had a thousand years, Lord, I would still run out of time. But if you listen to my heart, every beat will say, "Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. and thank you for the way. So listen to our hearts, hear our spirits sing. A song of praise that flows from those you have redeemed. And we will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. But words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts. Words are not enough to tell you of our love. So listen to our hearts above all powers, above all kings. Above all nature and all creative things, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. You were there before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonderers the world has ever known. Above all wealth and treasure of the earth, there's no way to measure what you're worth. Crucified, laid behind the stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone. Like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. One more time. You were crucified, laid behind the stone. You live to die, rejected and alone like a rose, trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. Who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? Who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who showed the moon where to hide till evening? whose words alone can catch a falling star. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cries. I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit runs to the weary, the mourn and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they coner death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer lives. lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cry, I know my redeemer lives. One more time. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this life within me cry I know my redeemer lives When I'm stressed at work, when I'm stressed in my life, when I don't know what to do, this is the song that I sing every time and it always brings me comfort every single time. I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his holy name. I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his whole name. He has done great things. So many great things. Oh, he has done great. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, he has done great things. Bless his holy name. And I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me, bless his hope. name. I will bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his home the day. He has done great things. He has done great things. He has done so many great things. Bless his holy name. With all your heart I will bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Bless his holy he name. I am weak, but thou You are strong. Jesus, keep me from the wrong. I'll be sisied as long as I walk. Let me walk close to thee. Just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my king. daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord, let it be. And through this world of toil and stairs. If I falter, Lord, who cares? With me. my burden shares. None but thee, dear Lord, none but thee and just look closer. Walk with me. Grant it Jesus is my king. Walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. And when my feeble life is hard, time for me will be no more. Guide me gently, sail the o to thy kingom shore to thy shore. Angels are closer to walk with me. Granted, Jesus is my way. Take me walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Just let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Oh, what can wash away my sin? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And what can make me whole again? Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow and no other bounds I know. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. for my pardon. This I see. Nothing but the blood of Jesus for my pardon is my plea. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow and no other bounds I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. Nothing can for sin atone nothing but the blood of Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus. And not good that I have done nothing but the blood of Jesus and no precious is the flow that makes me. I have no hope and no other bound I know. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. And this is all my hope and peace. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And this is all my rightuousness. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. and no other bounds. I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. No, it's nothing but the blood of Jesus. It's nothing but the blood of Jesus. It is nothing but the blood of Jesus. And oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. And no other bounds I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. No, it's nothing but the blood of Jesus. No, it's nothing but the blood of Jesus. Precious is the flow. Wonder. Heat. Heat. toal. Are you going to do Heat. Heat.
