################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - Sun. July 20, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-20
Title:    Sun. July 20, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker: Dale Langstaff
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VeD0eaE1F00
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] for he go [Music] and he [Music] is passing [Music] his hand [Music] of his hand. [Music] Come let us worship him. Let us see before our God. Oh God, for he is our God. [Music] [Applause] And the sheep of his hand. Just the sheep of his hand. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. He's a good shepherd. Amen. Come to worship him this morning. Welcome everyone this morning. And our our visiting brother again. Welcome. Amen. We'll uh maybe open the word in in prayer and I don't know if there's any needs that were brought forward this morning. Just remember everyone uh brother Jared and Julie out for a little time away. We just remember them in prayer. Some uh sick amongst us. We were kind of down and out this week. So just uh thank God for his healing hand, his mercy. Uh we just have brother Junior if you'd come and just open the word in prayer and uh bring the needs to the Lord. Amen. Jesus. Bless the Lord saints. Praise the Lord. You know as the brother mentioned that you know some of us were sick weak even including myself and few other bron there on the farm. You know, we're attack with flu. Well, praise God that we're here this morning. Amen. Praise God. Let us all bow our heads. Divine Father, King of Kings and Lord of Lords. Father, Lord God, as we come in your presence once more again, Lord, we thank you, Lord God, for your journey mercy. We thank you for your healing touch, Lord. We thank you, Lord God, for the great shepherd you are, Father. We are your sheep of your hands, Lord. And Father, as we come this morning, Father, Lord God, to feast around your table, Lord. Father, may you bless every heart this morning. Father, may you bless the songs on the scripture this morning. Father, bless the hands that are playing the instrument. Father, bless them as they play skillfully with a solemn sound. Father, remember those that are not here this morning, those that are out. Father, but we pray Lord God that you may keep them Lord God and be with them on the way Lord God and on their way coming back Lord God and Father may come back with great report Father and Father as we about Lord God to proceed in your service Lord may you take full control of their service Lord God lead and direct us this morning and where you lead will follow Lord in the name of Jesus Lord God and Father let your people, Lord God. Lord God, let them give forth your praise, Lord God, as your word declare that you dwell among, Lord God, to the praise of your people, Lord God. And Father, Lord God, as we lift up your mighty name, let the blessing come down, Lord, in the name of Jesus, Lord God. And Father, Lord God, let every spirit be in the subjection this morning, Father. And Lord God, as we about Lord God, hallelujah, may you come and take full control, Lord, as we give you thanks, Lord, in the name of Jesus, as we say, amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother. Amen. Let's start with uh I've got something the world can't give. Amen. Amen. Got to remind ourselves sometimes. Amen. Praise the Lord. I've got something. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Praise [Music] [Applause] [Music] the Lord. Amen. Who am I? Who I am? Sorry. Amen. If we have that need the words. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's go. Maybe uh if we don't have that one. Oh, we got it. Oh, glorious victory. The day he set me free and made my heart. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Music] [Music] heat, heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] I am. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Right in the corner. through right in the corner. Amen. Okay, just know we not then. Amen. Sorry. Amen. No, we not. No, we not. We are a temple. We not Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. He paid a debt. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank the Lord. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owe a debt. I did not pay our [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] that I could never praise him. He's come back for me. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's go with the All Hail King Jesus. [Music] Oh hell king Jesus. All [Applause] king of kings. Lord morning star eternity [Applause] I'm going to raise him and forever I Jesus all [Applause] king of kings of bright star. eternity [Applause] forever. I will be with him. Amen. Praise the Lord. All hail Emanuel. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing God is moving. Amen. As our brother comes. Amen. God is moving by his spirit. He's moving through all the earth. Earth signs and wonders. When God moveth, move, oh Lord, in me. One more time. God is moving by his spirit. Through things we all [Music] sign in wonders with God. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I to me [Music] to [Music] by his spirit. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song we were just singing. Last one. What was our last song just before this one? Yeah. Amen. hanging. [Music] Hey Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, [Music] heat, heat. [Music] Jesus. Oh, hail King Jesus. Lord, we love you. We adore you, Lord God. We just thank you for your amazing presence in this place. Thank you for the opportunity to come and worship you, to recognize again and again. Yes, Lord. Jehovah Gyra Lord. Our provider, our savior are everything. You're everything to us, Lord God. King of kings and lord of lords. Blessed, blessed be your name through all eternity, Lord God. Oh, this wow. Thank you, Jesus. Through all eternity, this voice will be praising you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. [Music] What a short time that'll be to think of the Lord of Lords. Hallelujah. Left the splendor of heaven for an old boy like me. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. Give thanks for the great [Music] [Applause] the holy one. to Jesus Christ. [Music] He still [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Praise God. The Lord has done [Music] amen for few moments. Amen. It's good to be in church this morning. Amen. God bless you and we're just thrilled to see you and have fellowship together. And Amen. God is very good. A couple testimonies. Uh, guess I would start that. Uh, I didn't do it. I promise I didn't do it. Whatever I did, I didn't do it. Amen. Uh, we went to uh, Missaga yesterday and uh, it was well worth the drive. The brother preached a message that was probably the most powerful message I've ever heard in my life. And I've definitely never heard one preached even close to it. Not even close. And I would hugely recommend every family to go on and listen to Grace and Truth Tabernacle Message Church. You have to have the message in there. Grace and truth message tabernacle. I watch the videos. They start Wednesday, two on Saturday. And he's preaching on headship this morning. But he preached on something that has affected the whole church. And he said his generation, he's about my age. He said he was the first generation that was raised up in the message. And he said almost 100% of those people left the message because their parents were putting laws on the kids that weren't message and weren't Bible. They were their old carryovers of what they thought it took to be a good person. And so for the people to be humans, their kids left the truth. You know what he preached on? Sex. Just good old plain sex. He said God made us sexual people. And he said, "It don't matter if you get 100,000% of the Holy Ghost, you're still affected by sex." And your God-given desire about sex was to produce Holy Ghost, sons of God, and daughters of God by a couple. That's right. And he mentioned on things like he said, "That's fine if society has changed to bring us to college and university and get a big career and a big job, but what are you going to do? What God planned for you? God planned on you to bring forth sons and daughters of God. Sex by sex. and our kids in that generation left and married unbelievers because he told a story. It's on the video. He said, "We married a couple. They went on their honeymoon and they come back from their honeymoon and they had never consummated the marriage, but their second night or second or third night, they were laying in their bed together and they were praying. And he said, "Please forgive us, God, because we're going to partake of the sin of the tree of the life, the Garden of Eden." But God said the bad in marriage is undefiable, and it was supposed to be a pleasure in the right atmosphere. That's just facts. That's right. He said, "If you think your ministers aren't affected by this sex or a sexual desire, you are so deceived you're not even alive." Cuz if you're a human, you're an animal. [Music] And he said, "If you got a plan to get a career, then what's your plan about your sexual desire?" He said, "I'll tell you what it is. You'll cheat and then you'll be you'll deal with the guilt the rest of your life. And it's because you didn't obey God's plan to get married young. Wow. He actually said that at John Dingler's church. I almost fell over. Yep. Get married young. Then you don't have regrets. You don't make mistakes. And for all of us that he he dealt with for all of us that don't think that you know he said our grandparents could never talk about sex or breast or anything like that cuz it was just like swearing. He said your kids have seen that on their phone that they have or if you were terrible enough to send them to school they probably seen that in grade one. God bless the mothers that homeschool. And if you don't homeschool, send them to a Christian school at least. At least. And don't buy them a phone. Give them their phone for their wedding present with internet at 16. I'm serious. Give them their phone for their wedding present at 16 with internet on it. Because he he said I'm repeating if you listen to Charity Morning's video. He said the way it was supposed to be was you were not supposed to know nothing about it and come together and your experiences would be what God wanted it to be. But we have a thing called Hollywood, internet and phones and it's deceived and corrupted the world. I'm going to give you a survey and I'm going to change the subject. He said 90% of message kids do sex or pornography before they get married. And over 60% of message girls, he said, "That's my own survey from all the youth camps I preach around the world." So, you can tell your kids not to marry, but they're going to do it anyway. Anyway, he also said something else that'll just shock you parents. You're just going to fall right off your pew. Said it's on scriptural and on message to chaperone. Thank you, Amy. Got one. Amen. You know, the prophet dated Hope and he drove her to church alone. And when he proposed to her, he left the car and walked her to church and home in the dark. Imagine See, carryovers. We have ideas. We had ideas, but they're not necessarily God's ideas. That's right. Amen. Wow. So, it was very unique. You know, I want I want to just close with this. I'm I'm trying to spur your interest to watch the video. He said, you know, the greatest messenger in the Bible was Paul. Paul brought grace. He wrote half the Bible. And the best conclusion he could give you for your own body was get married and not withhold yourself. Said your body is not your own. Your body's not your own. You give yourself uncompletely, unsurrenly to. And he said, now he was passing out the Holy Ghost. This is the preacher that passed out the Holy Ghost. But in Corinthians, whatever it is, Corinthians, 1 Corinthians about 7, I think it is, or 13. He goes right into that. Wow. Wow. Amen. We done another testimony. We thank God for keeping Brother Jeff safe. He was just remember him in his prayer. He was rear ended by a semi the bridge and uh it wasn't all pretty for himself and and uh so we just remember Jeff and the family's just hurting. His body's hurting. Amen. And and but God knows what he's doing. Amen. God totally knows what he's doing. Also, when we come home, we had a wonderful time. We we actually Junior had to work. So, we met brother Jim at West Lauren. We go out West Lawrence. It's not much different for us. And we we met brother Jim there multiple times. We rode together with to John Denquist. And so we come back and we dropped him off. We had a wonderful time. Blessed. We were back early. It's 5:00 daylight. You know, the world's good. God's good. We jump on the road. I'm doing about 110 kilometers. I'm back in my home turf. You know, like statistics say, when you get close to home, Brother Lawrence, you know, I was seeing combines again. So, I felt quite human. I was away from the concrete skyscrapers and uh everybody's combine wheat and we met a a wheat truck and we passed it and the moment we were passing it there was a little tiny bug car behind it. You could not see at all and it pulled right out across for us and Lanne I think was looking at me. She just about put her head through the windowshield. Everything that we had on, anything went flying to the front and the woman put her hands over her head. I pretty much laid on the and a moment after that I thought, "Wow, you know, we could have been in heaven right now. That would have been pretty awesome going together." My only condition was it wouldn't hurt too much. Like I just was out, you know. I didn't want to suffer, you know. Forget the hospital thing. Just hit me on the head before you take me there. But you see, God knows. Amen. I might not have been here this morning. And the reality of that is pretty great. Literally, brother Dale might have been in heaven. And you went ahead to share no tears for me because this boy would have been heaven. Hallelujah. Pentecostal shutting last I would have been learning how to dance in a new way. Especially going with my honey. Amen. So God God knows. Of course when I said that Lanne said, "Well, God must have something for you to do." So we're still here. Amen. God's just not quite done with this yet. Amen. So amen. Let's stand and and turn to Isaiah 60 verse one. Man. Oh, somebody took my water. Maybe I didn't bring it. I need a glass of water, please. I'll go dry. Sorry. Oh, no. No, that's not it. You can leave it there. Thanks. Isaiah 60 verse one. Amen. Arise and shine, for thy light has come. Make it personal. Thy light has come. And the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. That sounds like blessings to me. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness all the people, but the Lord shall rise upon thee, and his glory shall be, you can't hide it, seen. upon thee, Lord Jesus. Lord, I I pray you'll just help me to in my poor way, just help me to portray to the people this verse, how it jumped off the scriptures and how you gave me some thoughts, Lord God, for today and and bless your bride in a supernatural way. Help them to recognize your plan, Lord Jesus. We pray. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother. Thank you very much. God bless you. You may have your seats. Thank you, brother. We see here in this scripture, arise and shine. God don't want us to be beat down Christians. We should be the happiest people there is. You know, brother Bram said this. He said, "If God would have came to me and asked me, in which generation, in which church age would you like to have been born?" I would have picked this age. This time would have been the very best number one age to live in the greatest age. We should be the happiest people in the world. And God has gave his glory to rise on you. That's right. And this glory is it God portrayed it this way because he had the light shines the best in darkness. And you know, in the broad daylight when you're driving down the road, if you turn your headlights on, you don't know they're on. You don't know they're on unless there's a light inside where it's a little bit darker on your dash that tells you they're on. But in darkness of this world, in this end times world where it's completely insane, darkness has covered the whole earth and gross darkness has definitely covered the people and politics and the world. The Lord said that ye shall rise. Oh, this boy's going to rise and his glory is going to be seen on thee. That's right. Amen. What an amazing thing. What a what the things, you know, we we sang that song, give thanks by no mistake because we should be the most grateful, happy people in the world. You know, since God started this church, and it'll soon be 12 years, I've never done a funeral yet. That's amazing. That's right. Any of you drive? Does any flying airplanes? Never done a funeral. Any of you had any kids that were born with one arm or no eyes, an ear, a very birth sickness, still born? You decide that was your good behavior. No, you should be the happiest people. How many of you would have loved to went to the SA hospital today to visit me if I had hit that car? How many of you would have loved to been in the hospital? You're in the best place you can be because of brother Lawrence, sister Shilly, we got padded seats. Amen. Think of all the places you could be. Yes, that's right. You want to be in a country where there's a dirt floor and they got a b a tree limb to sit on which which uh you know if you were skinny like me it would you know not be uncomfortable. Amen. An amazing thing that you have privilege that you have to be here today and serve God. Amen. That privilege is given to you because of prophecy. It's because of prophecy. Isaiah 60 verse one that I can see and I can understand all these mysteries of the Bible. I can understand that it's God's goodness. Amen. Uh maybe Sister Patricia, take them to the side aisle if you don't mind. Curtis, you need to go to the side. Amen. It's because of God's goodness and grace to us that we have all these good things that God's done for us. Amen. Amen. Think of all the people that don't have a clue what the truth is of the seventh seal. They don't know that the first horse for four horse riders was Satan imitating God. They they don't have a clue about that. Amen. Amen. But you do. And you know that that God when Satan comes in like a flood, he raised up the four beasts. That would counteract those horses. Yes. Think of all the people that are sitting in churches today that don't know the interpretation of that word. That's right. I I want to just drop something in here and this just come to me. That's why I'm dropping it in. Is our camp is two weeks from today. Two weeks from today, we won't be here. will be at camp and it's looking like it could be there could be more non-ssage people there than message people because see you know even the foolish version hungers and thirsts sometimes stronger than the real but the Bible says when you see the foolish virgin going for the oil help me out hey we had dinner with Pentecostals that we've known for 30 years. They took two posters of camp. Not one person in this church has asked me for a poster. They took two. They gave it to their Pentecostal church. He's planning on the whole church coming. Amen. From Strath Roy. Amen. And that ain't all going brothers coming in the flesh and and her si and his sister-in-law and different ones. Amen. Now, God knows what he's doing. But God, it's God's work and it's God's kingdom. And for sure we don't need, you know, there's going to be people there that don't know the revelation, you know, and they don't look like you. And God's not going to use you to correct them. He will not use you. He will use the five-fold ministry. Leave it in God's hands. Amen. We don't need anybody at camp preaching that ain't invited to preach. Amen. Amen. Because God has a time and a season for everything. Some of those people will never come to the revelation that you have. Amen. How many people don't know the privilege that you know about predestination and not by disgrace but by amazing grace? Predestination and election. Arise and shine. Amen. God's you and arise and shine for his glory is upon you. Amen. How many people don't know that this the lamb's book of life that your name was wrote on it before the foundation of the world a privileged people we are. You know what that is? That's God's glory that he's saying that you're going to rise and shine and it'll be manifested when darkness comes on the earth. Yes. When gross when gross darkness comes upon the people. Amen. How many people have no clue about the truth of the Godhead? Yeah. and they got them as three people or two people and and Jesus has to get permission from God and and all these things or they got them as oneness where the body and all these things they have no revelation what a prophet came and showed us that God is a spirit and he has multiple manifestations you know Keith Reed's church I seen a post on on the internet and a lady sister was singing of all the things that God was. God was in the pillar of fire. God was in the cloud. God was in the water. God was God was in everything because God's a spirit and God's in you and God's in me the oneness of God. The deity of God as one person, a spirit, the deity of God. Amen. You know the millions of people that don't know that millions of people they have no clue through this. You know those people that we were talking about? We went to their house and and we were able to witness just a little bit to them about three months ago, just a bit. And I was telling them about, you know, they were saying, I said, "We're not going to have major revival in the world because it's prophesied that the world's going to fall apart." And and we were talking about how it'll be an individual revival. And we got talking about the millennium. And you know what they told us when they come back three months later? who was actually his wife. She said, "I know a lot more about the Bible than I did three months ago because of your visit." Amen. Amen. How many people have no clue about the truth about water baptism and the power in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? And there's no power in a father or in a son or a title or these. You can't sign a check in a title. Can you imagine me signing a check for some kind of farm expense? The son the son of of the son. The son of the father. Amen. This ain't by coincidence. This ain't by your doing. It's by God's doing. It's by God's glory shining on your life. And it's coming this hour and this time. Amen. You know, almost nobody in the world realizes that the Bible was the absolute. The Bible was the absolute in our prophet's day. The prophet never quoted his message books. He quoted the Bible. Yes, sir. He said without correctly a doubt at all, the Bible was his absolute book. The Bible says that heaven and earth, imagine heaven, I mean, heaven and earth will pass away, but my word will never pass away. In the beginning was the word and he was with the word and he was the word. We're living in a world where people got man's ideas. The brother was talking about that yesterday. Man's ideas, creeds, oh, they're in the message like crazy. He was talking about chaperon and you know dowery for your wife pay where's that the scripture the dery you know I was in Uganda and they were saying that I had message people tell me that the dollar spirit is so bad that message people will steal to pay the dollar steal amazing can you imagine that's not the message Jesus Jesus died on the cross. Amen. People have made it into blaspheme, the word of God. They've left the word. They've made it blaspheme. Amen. Can you imagine the people that don't recognize the truth of the new bears? I'm going to give you another one. Almost nobody recognizes who the beast is. He's hid so perfectly. But he's a fierce being. Nobody understands the mystery of Babylon, the mother of harlots and who they is and who's controlling the world right now. We got talking about that. The one world government. It's coming. It's this is a gross darkness is coming. It's setting up right now. Amen. to be a Freemason. The Freemasons and and the Rockchilds control a lot of the world. And to be a Freemason, you can't be one unless you're a Roman Catholic. Secret societies that'll set up a one world government, take away money and digital. You know, it's already happened yesterday. I bet you all fell asleep when you heard about it. You know, they've already set up the one world government for your health. It went into law yesterday. About 287 countries voted in favor for one person decide on all the health that you get, non-elected. You thought you were democracy. You thought this was a good country. We let somebody in another part of the world decide what they can give us and can't give us and lock us down anything controlling your house by choice. It went into law yesterday. The World Health Organization got that kind of power yesterday. But that's a gross darkness where now when I turn my light on, it just nothing can stand in light. That darkness is just piled up, piled up. It's pushed back. Pile back because of God's light, the glory that's coming this day. A rise and shine. You're the happiest people in the world. Can you imagine the peace that God give you by knowing what's going to happen tomorrow by knowing what's going to happen if you hit a car or God calls you home. Can you imagine? You know what's going to happen in the rapture. And exactly in a twinkling of an eye, you'll get a new body. God's not going to lift this heavy old clay off the earth. He could care less about clay. You don't need clay in heaven. It's going to be a brand new theophony body that's overshadowed me. It got pretty close when we got close to that car. I think it right ready to grab me. Amen. Almost nobody in the world would recognize except just a handful the original sin in the garden. Wouldn't understand the plan of the original sin. Have no clue. Have no clue at all. Be total confusion. And you think, "Oh, well, wow." And other people, their ears, because the foolish virgin will go for the oil near the end, their ears are turned to the to the end. Amen. Honey, go sit with Patricia on this side. Amen. Amen. We're so so so blessed. What is it? It's God's time. It's original glory. Arise and shine. For thy light has come, and the glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, and gross darkness all the people, but the Lord shall rise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen in thee. That has to come to pass. Not only does it have to come to pass, it's coming to pass. Amen. Most of the world, even my own family and the flesh, don't recognize the truth of the Sabbath. And can't identify the truth of God's word. And, you know, they're still stuck under law and and all these things in the Old Testament. But Jesus, even Christ himself, they tried to condemn. Don't you know that you're not supposed to pick corn in the corn of the Sabbath? Like, cuz Jesus said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. You're looking at the Sabbath. I'm the Lord of the Sabbath. I'm everything that's a Sabbath. Don't let men judge you on the new moon or the old moon or a holiday or a Christmas day or a Monday or a Tuesday. If we were coming here on the Sabbath, we'd be here on Saturday. This is a resurrection day. We're a day late. We're not just late for church. We're 24 hours late. Cuz the Sabbath started on Saturday. Amen. But see, we're not judged by that. Cuz to the believer, every day is a Sabbath. Amen. Amazing. Can you imagine the people in Revelation 17 and here the first few verses have no clue what the 10 horns mean and the beast was seven heads. But the seven heads was Rome and the hills, the seven hills. And the 10 horns were the 10 kingdoms of the world. Those great people that you vote into power are going to be the ones that force the foolish virgin to worship the beast. That's right. Be careful how much trust you put in politics. The 10 strongest kingdoms in the world will be the army for Rome. Revelation 13, it says the states will force the world to worship the beast, the image. We understand these things. And see, we understand these things because it's God. It was God's prophecy way back in Isaiah that these things would happen. Amen. Amazing how blessed we are. See, you didn't think God was doing nothing. You couldn't see God moving. You need to go on holiday and see all the things that you know that the world don't know and then you would know how much God's moving and his bride. Amen. You're the truth of the world knows. You know, I grew up in the Holiness family and and had no clue about the truth of Christmas and the time and when it was and what it meant or didn't mean and nothing. But I didn't know nothing. I couldn't imagine it being pagan. And yes, Jesus was born. He's born in the springtime like the lambs. He would have froze to death being born in a in December. That's right. And it was all part of the sun god worship. And and it's when the eclipse happens and it's the shortest day of the year. And you know like the wreaths that you put on the outside of your door to make your house look really beautiful. That was sun worshippers that did that because they believed the sun was burning up. Yeah. They believed the sun was burning and they believed the sun would never come back. And so they put a reef on their door and encouraged the sun to relight itself by some magic one of paganism. The world don't know that. You know it. You know it. I want are are we are we thankful? I wonder I wonder if we give thanks because we know that. I wonder if we give thanks because God opened our eyes and showed us, you know, I wonder if we give thanks because God showed us the truth of the seven thunders and that the thunders was the voice of God to the Jews and it was it was to bring the Jews, man. Sorry. It was sorry the thunders weren't to sorry the thunders were the voice of God they were in the seventh seal was the trumpets I'm sorry forgive me that was to the Jews and the trumpets were actually manifested in the sixth seal and they were they were to the Jews and it was telling them of the persecution that was coming and the two prophets of Moses and Elijah you know how many people know that in Wyoming We're probably all sitting right here. Amen. It's God's light. It's God's light that's come. You know, very few people have recognized, you know, I preached on decisions, you know, a few weeks back and and I mentioned that most decisions we make in our life are based out of fear. Yeah. But do you know how few people recognize the spirit of fear? Do you realize that? How many few people recognize how fear controls everything you do? You put your seatelt on because of fear. Whether it's you think you'll crash or you think you'd get a ticket, it's still fear. Amen. Fear. But the Bible said, "God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of love and power and power and power with a sound mind." Amen. Amen. And the only kind of fear that we're supposed to have in the Bible is the word respect. Respect to the Lord is respect to each other. That's right. That was the only That was the only fear that you're allowed to have. So it wouldn't affect one decision you make. Amen. Amazing. Here our prophet says he said God made this promise and we need to get into the rhythm of this what the prophet said in Shalom and 64. By the way, he said you need to get into the rhythm of God's promise from Isaiah. That's the message of that connects it right to that verse. That means you need to be happy and you need to not worry whether you run into a car or whether you get rear ended. You know, you know there's no matter how bad your situation is, there's people much worse off than you. That's right. Amen. We sing a song, you know, there's a roof up above me. I got food on my table and shoes on my feet. That's all God promised you. I got food on my table. I remember a girl singing that in the Philippines. They were poorer than church mice. I baldled my eyes out. I got food on my table, shoes on my feet, and a roof up above me. Maybe a thatch roof. living in bamboo, walking on a bamboo floor, so the air blew underneath of it. We think we're hard done by if we can't drive a nice car, have a nice house, or have air conditioning. The majority of the world won't even dream about that. Won't even dream of that. Do you know about half the world lives on about $300 US a year? Not a day, not a week. Not a month, a year, India, I think, is the worst. I think they live on less than that. 300 US a year. Try living on 85 cents or 75 cents a day. You say, "I can't do that." But neither can they. But they do. They can't either. But they do because they're forced to. You see, God promised you your needs, not your desires. And see, we got it messes up our, you know, there's things that are messing up us serving God because we're affected by little things and it affects our service to God like the brother was talking, you know, f kids with families, it'll the kids will mess up our life or or or you know, relationships if the you know, we we think and and it's be it's something that God ordained, right? Yeah, we we are actually taking things we are letting things take us away from God that God planned for us to do. Somebody say amen. You know, if if if we had a 15year-old here with a girlfriend in the church, everybody would have something to say about that. Everybody here would have something to say about that. And that's God's plan. Yeah, that would be God's plan. Do you know the prophet married a young couple and he never once asked them if they could support one another. He never even asked him if they had any money. And he said, "I choose to be them." He married the ones with the gore door knobs and he said they fought all the time. He went back to check it out and you know we were talking about this. The pastors were talking about this. There was a room full of us and I had to have my two cents worth. I said there's not a pastor in North America that if a young couple came to them and said you have how much money do you got a job or money to support her would marry them with nothing. Not one pastor. But our prophet did and we love him. No we don't. We hate him. You hate him because you wouldn't do what he did. Yeah. You know what the prophet asked that girl? He said, "If your husband runs out of has nothing for you, will you leave him?" She said, "No." Yeah. And go back to your mom and dad. She said, "No." And he said, "Now to the man, he never had nothing." Nothing. That's right. Now nothing. He said, "What will you do to provide?" And he said, "I'll work my finger to the bone. But if you go to youth camp, they'll say, "Now, don't you even consider looking at the opposite sex until you get a career, until you have a job, until you have a house rented, and they're all doing pornography because we won't let them get married and have real sex. [Music] That was all God's plan. If God wouldn't want me to be that or wanted you to be that way, he would have made you differently. He says it's about time we get into the ribbon of it, the rhythm of it. And he promised it for these last days, these things to take place. And he said Jesus would come and he did. And he said there'll be a millennium and there will be. And he said we're in this new day and the lamb has come with his light and it's shining upon us. He said we're dawning a new day. He said I feel it all over me. He said, "Watch this. There will be no more night. There will be no more darkness, no more saddles, no skies, no dim, no dark skies, no midnights, no cape, no graves, no flowers on the hillside, no funeral possessions. There won't be needed doctors. We won't need the World Econ uh World Health Organization. And it looks like he put in here there'll be no mosquitoes. look like the last thing he put in. And he said, "I can feel the Holy Ghost rising on me now to shine." Let's go to the next quote here. He said, he said, "When I look back in the days of created down," he said, "what a day would you want to live in?" He said, "This day, this exact day, when when the whole world's falling apart, I'd want to live in this day." I'm going to drop to the to our verse, Vicki. Psalm 66 and verse 8, he said, "Oh, bless our God, ye people, and make a voice of praise to be heard, which holdeth our soul in life, and suffereth not our feet to be moved. For thou, oh God, has proven us, and thou hast tried us." And so, See, God's doing these things to see if we'll do it right. And in many cases, well, you judge. Verse 10. For thou, oh God, has proven us, and thou has tried us as silver stride, and thou has brought us into the net. We don't like the net. I don't like the net. But that's part of God's plan. Amen. If we just would concentrate on Christ and let our light shine and we not have to fix everything to our own creeds. We all have our own creed. We don't have to preach against a denomination. We are a walking denomination. Well, my daddy never raised me that way. I don't care. He brought us into the net and thou layst afflictions upon my loins. Thou has caused men to roide over my heads. We went through the fire and through the water. I don't like any of those situations. But thou brought us out into a healthy place, and I will go to thy house. See, when gross darkness comes upon the people, when gross darkness is on the world, I'll go to thy house with a burnt offering, said, and I will pay thee my vows. Come and hear all ye that fear God, that I will declare what he doth do hath done for my soul. Blessed be God which has not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me. Wow. You know, God had amazing grace and amazing mercy for this boy. And God expects all that he did for me for me to give it out to all that come in my pathway. And he expects the same of all of you. Amen. Psalms 9:1 and2 he said, "I will praise thee, oh Lord, for my whole heart, and I will show forth all thy marvelous works." You know what the marvelous works are? Me. You know what the prophet said? He said, "You want to see a miracle? Become a miracle." That's right. I am a miracle. Amen. I'm a walking miracle. Number one, I could have almost had a gargle yesterday. Uh, when I went to school, I had to go to speech therapy to even be able to speak English. God has a real sense of humor. He picks the people out of the congregation that don't know how to talk. Then he says, "Talk." You know, I couldn't say. I couldn't say, you know, my nickname on school was Mikow because I couldn't say mcow. And they all laughed at me and I laughed with them because I thought it was hilarious. I didn't realize that was peer pressure. Nobody had told me. You know why? Because my mom and dad loved me. I wasn't affected by peer pressure. Because I had a solid home. I had a home that when I went home, my mommy was there. She wasn't gone away working. Amen. Wow. The Lord has not forsaken us. Amen. This is the greatest hour we could live in. Imagine. Imagine the hour that we can just go along and be friendly and and and do things for people and and and and not tell nobody about it. And and show them the example of Christ. Invite a stranger over to your house and give them a nice meal. Yeah. I want I want to show you something. those people that come over. I found a video of five TV evangelists that testified of the truth of God's prophet. Three of them they knew. At least three of them had been in the prophet's services. One had been miraculously healed. You know how long the healing took? 10 years. You want me tell you what the healing was? It was a preacher woman. Oh, of course the Bible says that women aren't to preach. But God still healed her. And she came before the prophet and the doctors had told her, the prophet seen it, said, "It is a physical impossibility for you to have a baby. You are not built to have a baby." The prophet said, "Thus sayaith the Lord, go home. You'll have a baby." 10 years later, she started swelling up. She started had to open her belt. She went to the doctor. The doctor said, "You got gas. You know, you're going through." Actually, the doctor said, "You're going through the change of life and you're bloated." So, she said, "I went home and I went through some more changes. [Music] went back to another doctor and he said, "You have a six-month baby in your 10 years later." Because the prophet said, "Thus sayeth the Lord." You just go home. The baby's coming. Amen. Amen. Anyway, we showed him this video. This this a Pentecostal minister ran traveled the world multiple places especially South America. I tell you what, we went to the mission field before we ever heard of this message. Before we had children, we went to the mission field in Montrat and we traveled with this couple. See, God has a season and a time for everything. Do you know how much time has passed since then? about 35 years. Take a look at Jared. He's not here today. He's at John Danquist meetings, by the way. He's supporting our church. I showed them this video and they gobbled it up. And would you like to know what book they took home with them? God sends a prophet to Africa and he said, "We'll be back in two weeks for your camp meeting." And he said, "Not not just us, but we gave it to our pastor and we'll bring the church with us." What are you doing? Are we going to judge them when they get here? Amen. See, God is just God. Arise and shine for his light. It's not my light. I'm no good. His light has come upon thee. When gross darkness is upon the earth and upon the the people, God's glory is rising up in a little bride. It's rising up in a little bride. Amen. What an amazing time to live in. What an amazing time to share Jehovah to a dying world. What an amazing time. I don't mean by we don't Lots of times people don't need preaching. You know what most people need today? Kindness. Just kindness. Kindness. There's a reason kindness, brotherly kindness is right under the stature of perfect love. The the capstone is is the Holy Ghost. That's perfect love. God is love. So brotherly kindness. I you know I don't have to preach to people that don't have God. I just need to be kind to them. Be kind to them. Just just kind because it's not natural to be kind. Do you want me to tell you something? Oh man, I feel like preaching this morning. You know the brother brought something out yesterday said you know why Satan has brought education and taught you that you need a career and not to get married young. I'm going to shock you. I don't even don't even I'm sorry if you're offended, but it's because you're selfish pig because God expected you to give all that you have to your baby. Praise God. So all the people that have trouble with babies, it's exactly what you listen to Saturday morning. He said, "God expected you to bring forth a son of God, and it would be no more about you, but it'd be about that little baby that's a son of God that's laying in the manger. But oh, no, no, no, no. We're not going to do that. We're going to buy a little kitty, a little puppy dog, because we want to go to the bars that night and the movies." That's what he t that's what the prophet said. Because we can control them. We can send them to the daycare center for pups. In what world would you send a son of God to daycare? That's that's Amen. Now, if you didn't like that, said just blame the minister on Saturday morning. He said, "That's why you don't have children because you're selfish." because you won't die to yourself to give it to your baby cuz you want your own stuff. And that's why and that just flips right over in the spirit. Well, we want our own everything comfortable. And if if you know, Brother Bram said things like this, if people come forward that are going to cry, well, we don't want that. Crying in church, oh, I don't know what to do when somebody cries. Tell you what, when we quit crying in church, you might as well lock the door and put closed on it. When you quit having emotion in church, we we talked about this, too. You know, when I start my tractors, they make noise. They go Jared's new tractor. It's a It's starting to start like an old, I don't know, steam engine. It's bigger and it go We come to church and we If you clam up in church, it's either two reasons. Either you don't have a God or you don't know him. It has nothing to do with cold weather in Canada. If you believe that, you're just Because everything's alive make noise. Everything that's alive makes noise. And the prophet said, "If you don't make noise, you're you're dead." Yeah, you're not buried yet. You know, you know, you know, God has a way of getting things across. You know, we went to a funeral for my neighbor. He was 93. The only thing my kids I'm closing my iPad. The only thing my kids know is that neighbor. You know how many neighbors we had? One. Donatrices Young. He was 93. We just went to the funeral. Matter of fact, his funeral was yesterday. You know when he died? July 1st. It was an open casket. He didn't make no noise. He was froze. Some of us spiritually are froze. Amen. And if you know our prophet when he preached, he sat on the the plat the pulpit the one time, dangled his feet off the thing, and he had embarrassing things happen like he was a human being. But we make church not human. So then when a kid cries or a parent somebody burps or or does something that's a human function, we're just like, I don't want a church like that. No. Because you know why? Everybody's dead. Everybody's dead. I want a church that when the Holy Spirit comes down, and I hope it's me, but if it's not me and it's you and you lose completely stone drunk, you don't need to. I'll be I'll be getting right beside you if you're stone drunk. I was like, cuz you know when buddies go out drinking, they all want to be drunk at the same time. There's not very many people that go in the car and there's five or six of them go drinking and they have watch this. Brother Brandham preached he was a natural typology. They can hardly never get somebody to be the designated driver. But you know, spiritually, we can get piles of designated drivers in the message church because nobody wants to partake of what God has for you or the body. Well, I might be embarrassed. Well, guess what? I didn't wake up this morning thinking I was going to be a preacher. Yeah, that's true. For sure. Not when I married my sweetheart. That was as far as the east is from the west and a little bit more in between. That brother Brown preached about I'll be a fool for Christ. Whose fool are you? Amen. See, we've we've made things that people get upset over things that God ordained. [Music] What did Jesus say? He said, "Forbid them not, for such is the kingdom of heaven." Correct. Correct. And people would leave this church because of kids. They're not believers. No, no, not Bible believers. For sure not Bible believers. How could you be a Bible believer? Like, is Christ Jesus your Lord? Huh? Wow. See how See how we It's so easy to point out the creeds in denominational churches, but we all have creeds. Yeah. You know, and so, Brother Dale, I want I want to just give and I need to shut up and cook, but I want to just tell you something. Brother Dale can't preach my creeds. And if I do, they're only worth Dale's saying. That's not God's word. You know, I grew up, my creeds would be I grew up, we couldn't ride a bike on Sunday. We didn't play catch or kick a ball on Sunday. We definitely, if you went to the restaurant, well, you were already in hell. And if you buy gas, well, you were in eternal damnation. But see, that was creeds. That was denominational creeds that I was brought up under. And so is so is buying that. So is dollary. And so is so is thinking kids are going to be dead in church. And then they're going to we're going to we're going to have a healing service every service. We want the kids to come to church alive. We want to kill them. They're in church. We want to hear from them. You want them to die and then we're going to heal that God will raise them back from the dead when we go in the fellowship. Well, maybe the fellowship gets loud sometimes. Maybe after the fellowship. See, we can see the ridiculousness in the creeds of denominations, but we can't see them in our own uprigging. We can't see them in the own upbringing. Huh? God help us. You know, amazing. God's amazing, but he's not always. For Give me my Isaiah 61. I'm going to close reading those two scriptures. You see, we have to be careful, church. Yeah, we're we're about going home and God's planning on us to to line up and and see it like there's things that God expects us to do, but there's things that you're dumping on people that you're divi you're killing people. Isaiah. Amen. Let me show you something. I had I had people in this message tell me that people had too big a families and that person that told me this the truth this truth I'm I'm hiding it from you because I'm telling it in such a way you won't know in the message and I said you know that your prophet preached against birth control and he said but if you can't you know brother you know the Bible never preached on control of children. I mean, if you were going to be a, you know, if you were going to be a deacon or a bishop in the church, you had have control of your house. But that wasn't talking about kids playing with toys or being kids. I mean, if you want stone silence, you need to go to Catholic church. They're really quiet. Look, hey, Mary. Here's some I only went to one funeral or something there. Amen. You This is kindergarten. I know it's kindergarten, but it's time for that. That's what he was preaching in Toronto. Amen. There's things that God God expects and that we we need to love. We we are in the greatest time. We need to be a support a love. Forget about people's own opinions and and and their own personal creeds. I don't want to know your creeds and and mine aren't worth nothing either. Amen. If it ain't Bible, don't share it with me. If it ain't Bible, don't share it with me. I don't want to hear it. Arise and shine, for thy light is come and the glory of myself. No. And the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. Now the next verse is going to tell us when. For behold, the darkness shall cover the whole earth. Is the whole earth covered with darkness? Earthquakes. The whole world's groaning for the manifestations of the sons of amen. You know, I just had something come to me fresh. said, "Did you ever think that you ever think you know the brother Bram said that the rapture couldn't take place until the last seed come in?" Watch this. This is as fresh as it gets. Did you ever think the last seed hasn't been born yet because we wouldn't let our sons and daughters get married and produce sons and daughters of God? That's exactly what the brother said last night. Your commission as a church is to reproduce sons and daughters of God. But we won't let them marry. So we can't have a rapture because little Harry or Spotter or Junior hasn't even been born yet. So I'm going around in torture because we think you got to be 45 before and a career and an education of divinity and I wonder I wonder darkness should cover the whole earth and gross darkness. Do you know he says you notice he makes it worse on the people in the world? Why don't he just say darkness on the people too? No, he says gross darkness. But when Satan comes in like a flood, God always rises up a standard against him. Wow. But the Lord shall rise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. And that can't happen if you're not alive. Can't happen if you're not alive. Amen. Let's stand. I hope you'll forgive me for being honest. Amen. God help us. Amen. God has amazing things planned for us. Oh yes. But you know what you have to do? You have to let go of your creeds. You have to let go of your ideas. But I thought I thought But man, God help me to let go of my creeds. Just let just let God do his thing. Just let God be in charge. You know, I think of and I'm going to close, but I think of the disciples when they come back and and there was other men that were worshiping God and doing healing and the disciples stopped them and they came and they were bragging to our Lord. They said, "We've seen other people preaching, but we stopped them. We've seen other people being kind to people in the grocery store and buying food for people they didn't know and and like holding the door and just being a a decent human being." And we stopped them. We stopped them. And our Lord said, "You did." Uhhuh. They said, "If they're on our side, why would you stop them?" That's like the quote that I said I was going to put up where the prophet said that everybody's different changed in God's pocket. And so when you see people come to camp and they have cut hair, makeup, and pants on, that's not what the Bible says. But they might be changed in God's pocket. Maybe they're a nickel. Maybe they're a quarter. I'm not the one to decide. Maybe God will change them to a double silver dollar, to a tuni. That's what we pray for. But it has to be God that does that. You know, you know, he said, you know, and it's the scripture says, "Blessed are thy son Jonah for flesh and blood." You can't give somebody the Holy Ghost. You cannot tell somebody that they are going to get the Holy Ghost if they take their pants off and their makeup and and chop cutting their hair. It says, "Thy father which is in heaven has revealed it unto thee. And upon this rock of revelation, I'll build my church. Oh boy. Hallelujah. I got to stop. Wow. Amen. Let's uh count your blessings. Count your blessings. Amen. Let's sing this song. Just a got a few verses, but it just we should no matter what your situation is, somebody's worse off than you. Amen. Somebody's worse off than you. God help us. Amen. Amen. When upon life's pillows you are tempted, when you are discouraged, saint is lost. Count your many blessings. Name them one by one. And it will surprise you what the Lord has done. Count your blessings by [Music] on my heart. [Music] Lord of sh you are now to many blessings every now will fly and you will be singing as the day goodbye oh care to blessings and them One by one, count your blessings. See what God has done. Count your blessings. Name them one by one. Will surprise you what the Lord has done. And you look at others with their land and good and think that Christ has promised you his wealth on count to many blessings but he can not buy your reward in heaven or your home on I Ah, [Music] [Applause] [Music] heat, heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
