################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - Wed. April 16, 2025 Bro. Paul LaFontaine - Paul LaFontaine - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-16
Title:   Wed. April 16, 2025 Bro. Paul LaFontaine
Speaker: Paul LaFontaine
Church:  Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JQ5i-mqe7Vg
========================================

He is passing by his love. [Music] Amen. That's what we come to do tonight. Amen. Aren't you so happy that he's not too too busy to pass us by? Amen. It's uh man, it was good to be in his house this evening and just uh just excited to have brother Paul and sister Rebecca with us and just uh just good uh for the opportunity to have them here and and man, we'll just uh ask brother Jim to We don't have any written requests, but just ask brother Jim to open a word of prayer. [Music] Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Heavenly Father, we thank you, Lord, for your grace, for your mercy. It is a privilege and an honor for us to be here to come and be together according to your word. Lord, the house, the doors that are open now. We're expecting great things from you tonight. Lord, bless each and every heart that's here, those that could make, be with them to encourage your people. be with the ministering of the word with brother John Paul the musician song leader musicians specialists whatever there be Lord may be a blessing to the people Lord just have your way we pray in Jesus name amen greater is he that is in me than he that's in the [Music] world amen Amen. Solat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] his name. And he's here. Elijah's God is with us today. Amen. [Music] He's here. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. That's the truth. Amen. Man, he's here cuz we brought him with us. Amen. Praise his name. And he brought me out of the miry clay and he set my feet on the rock to stay. Man, my heart was [Music] distressed. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] A song of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. We're going to ask brother you can have your seats and we got a special from brother Jim. Amen. So, Amen. Blessed Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Well, I have to confess I'm rusty. I haven't sang a special. It's been so long. Um, you pray for me. Amen. I want to sing. I'm looking for this. Oh, there it is. My [Music] theophony one day I'm going stepy. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Here I [Music] call. Amen. Amen. That is so wonderful. Amen. Just thank you, brother Jim. That's a good man. Praise his name. Amen. Draw me near. Near. Blessed Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Praise his name. This is our prayer. Amen. Amen. Amen. I am thine, O. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] God Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Great. [Music] [Applause] Happy Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Jesus. They [Music] [Applause] [Music] are Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Praise his name. Amen. Amen. Help us, Jesus. Amen. Man, he has forgiven me. Amen. My sins have been washed from his memory. Amen. Amen. Let's just all stand as we worship him this evening. And [Music] just Yeah. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He [Music] [Applause] [Music] me from his [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] for me. He has made me my wash from his by the blood of the lamb of Calary. [Music] He has given me. Oh hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus for amazing grace. Lord Jesus. Thank you Lord Jesus for the seed of predestination. Lord God we thank you for taking the scales off our eyes and revealing taking the seals off your Bible. revealing who you are to us, your bride, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord God, for amazing grace. Blessed be your name. Thank you. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. We want to sing this song as brother Paul comes. He is Lord. Amen. There is no other just a great privilege to have Pastor Paul with us. Amen. Your visitors, we welcome you. You're you're at home. Amen. and and we just uh are thrilled. Just just a few couple families are out traveling this weekend and brother Matt had actually texted me right before service and they were unable to come and and uh so but God knows Amen. all that are here are supposed to be here and just many are far away for a Wednesday but it's just a real privilege. Brother Paul's been a special friend to us and and just uh just honored to have him with us. Amen. Amen. He is Lord. [Music] [Music] I believe he [Music] [Applause] [Music] is all [Music] My glory is my [Music] [Applause] [Music] Lord [Applause] [Music] Jesus Jesus [Music] Christ my Lord [Music] My Is there [Music] [Applause] any [Music] tongue Christ is Lord? Oh, at least my Lord, there is no one who can come. Storms of life. Amen. You give rest to the we about my Lord. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. God bless you tonight. It's a wonderful privilege to join together in the house of the Lord with you. to be able to enjoy the presence of the Lord, the word of the Lord, all these things that he's blessed us with. And uh it doesn't matter the numbers. It's it's uh it's the quality of our worship and the quality of our heart that brings the presence of God. And uh so we know that you love the Lord tonight, coming out to the house of the Lord. We want to say thank you for the invitation from brother Dale and to be able to enjoy this evening with you. And thank you also, brother Dale, for supper. Uh it's that always helps to feed to feed the preacher. It always makes it better to feed the preacher. But I just wanted to say uh this area has a lot of special may be seated just a minute if you don't mind. I'll take my time a little bit. There's a lot of special friends here tonight and also just a special area for me as I drove through the different country roads. I drove these roads a lot when I was about 18 or 19 years old. And I just had a one of my first uh legitimate jobs just down the road here at a siding company. And um we worked there for um Pete Snow and his brother Ron Snow at the siding company. And so uh these roads we I was going back and forth looking at all the homes. My mom and dad, we had four or five homes in this area and I was trying to find them all and take pictures. And uh so we had a lot of fond memories mostly of being in church and uh just being able to enjoy the presence of the Lord down in Wallisburg. And then we were here for a while living. And uh so many many good things and formative years for me to form and to increase my hunger for the word of God. And uh I was I moved out from mom and dad's house and moved into a little apartment. Took a picture of that today right downtown Petroleia. And I was in that apartment with brother Mark Stany. He moved from Cloverdale and we were young and didn't have any money but we got enough to get an apartment and we were in that and I can remember there was such formative years cuz two things brother Mark when he came back uh moved back with me he was in brother Bisco's church and he brought tons and tons of cassettes and of brother Bisco and then every service when I was going to church uh down in Wallisburg I was checking out just stacks and stacks of tapes of Brother Brandham cassette tapes. Some of the younger people don't know what a cassette tape is, but it's it was something legitimate back then. And and that's how we listened to the prophet. And very very formative years, I just basically went home most evenings after work and just fed on the tapes. And uh maybe the Lord was preparing me for ministry. I don't know. At that time, I didn't know what the Lord was preparing me for, but I just had such such an incredible hunger for the word and just to get it in me. I felt like as a young man, I felt like that if God was uh gracious enough to send us a prophet in my generation, my generation, that I then I ought to take the time to find out what he said. And that's just how I felt about it. You know, we had a few youth meetings and different events, but most of mostly for about 3 or 4 years, I came home and listened and those tapes of Brother Biscos were very formative as well. And uh so, you know, then Brother Mark got married and uh ran away from ran away. And so then then I went down to Toledo and took a job and uh with a brother there that had a business and I took a job as a manager. didn't know what the Lord had for me, but I knew I just needed to move. My dad didn't want me to move. And uh you know how daddies can be. He said, "No." He said, "I don't want you to go." He said, "I don't think that's the will of God." Well, turned out I've been there 36 years and uh the congregation has grown and uh turns out it was the will of God. Uh and that was just daddy speaking. He didn't want me to go. But uh these are very formative years. Brother Jim had supper with us. And you know, brother Jim leading songs there in Wallisburg for so many years. And uh I played the piano for him while he led songs for many many years there. And uh you know my dad was the kind of person uh that you know if you didn't know how to play then you just he just threw you on the instrument and you learned how to play while you were in church. Kind of like some of these here tonight. And brother Jim he said do you lead songs? And the only background brother Jim had was rock and roll. And uh so he once that was purged from his whole life then he could lead songs purely and then I played the piano. We didn't didn't know what we were doing but you know what God got the glory and uh I got a little bit better on the piano a little bit and uh so but uh we appreciate the I can go go on and on about the memories here and to see this t church established right here in the backyard of where I had some formative years. It's a real blessing for me to be back here in the area and to enjoy the fellowship tonight. Young men and young women. Uh God knows and watches over their life and uh you know guides them the way that they should go. So you know uh just started to be a little bit with brother Dale and his wife a couple years ago started to make some connections. They were at a pastor's getaway rest that they came to and my wife and I host it. Brother Sam Browning, my wife and I host a like a pastor's rest and getaway. And uh through that and a few other places, I found in Brother Dale an excellent spirit. And uh I don't judge preachers just how good they preach. I judge them by their spirit. Amen. And uh when I see that thing and I' I've seen something in him that I felt the confidence, you know, to get closer to him and to come and uh I want to thank you for the invitation, brother Dale. It's a real privilege to be able to share the word tonight and give my small contribution to the bride of Christ here and just to be uh a part of your assembly. I know Wednesday nights you're missing a lot of people a lot of times and we have a couple families from our church. Brother Blae and his family from Windsor and Brother Francis and his family from Windsor and uh so thanks for coming out guys. You hear me preach all the time so you know you just have to say amen. Even if you've heard it before, say amen anyway. U but it's nice to have you out tonight and I know Wednesday nights I don't like to have ministers in Wednesday nights from a long ways away because the smallest crowd is usually Wednesday people can't drive so far and such and so you always like to have somebody a Sunday and it's difficult for me to be uh come on a Sunday but u I it didn't matter to me as long as the Lord is here as long as we're together and the and and the Lord is here something supernatural can take place don't don't underestimate what God can do on a Wednesday night. And I feel his presence already here tonight. And such a beautiful building the Lord has given you. And I want to sing if I can sing a couple songs because when you have a a building with these acoustics, I always have to sing because you don't hardly need microphones cuz it resonates so well. So if you don't mind, I'll try a couple songs here and see play this uh beautiful piano as well. Amen. So I'll use this one, right, brothers? Okay. This is the one you want me to use. All right. Thank you, [Music] Jesus. All [Music] right. Jesus said that in the midnight hour there'll be virgins who hear the great cry. Behold he come and rise and trim your lamps. Go and meet him. The bridegroom is now. But some discovered they were lacking the oil. They were empty with no light within. So I asked you dear Lord come and fill me with your spirit. Keep me burning for you is my plea. I want to keep burning burning the midnight with my lamp all trimmed and glowing. A vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the world I must be Lord. There is a virgin bride burn in the midnight. Oh, sometimes I really get to wondering why it's a struggle to get down and pray. I feel the spirit of complacency. We're surrounded by the darkest day. But I am running with a burning desire. I'll keep holding up this light of mine. Working day and night with the ones who hold the promise. It is time for us to rise and shine. I want to be burning. the midnight with my lamp all trimmed and glowing. A vessel full of the Holy Ghost I will shine the light through the night to the world I must belong. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight. Oh, we'll work till Jesus comes. We'll work till Jesus comes. We'll work till Jesus comes. But in the midnight all sing it with me. We work till Jesus comes. We till Jesus come. We work till Jesus come. Burn the midnight. Oh, I want to be burned. Burn them in with my lamp trimmed and glowing. A vessel full of the Holy Ghost. I will shine the light through the night to the world. I must be alone. There is a virgin bride burning the midnight. Oh, there is a virgin bride burning the midnight. Oh, burn in the midnight. Oh, praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Feel the poor. Sing it with me. Oh, I he the call and I know his spirit. It's moving me to give my all. Oh, let's worship the Lord now. He speaks to me and I agree. Oh, please come and take control. I fear the poor. I went to hear the word and with each light and pray. [Music] was drawing me to give. I have your praise. There's a deep call to the deep like a great man. Oh, hallelujah. Yes, Lord. I know for sure that I'll reach the goal cuz I feel Hallelujah. I feel the I hear you go and I know his speed is moving me to give to [Music] me. Lord, please come and take control. I fear the poor. Last line. Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I feel his presence here tonight. Thank you, Lord. Can I sing one more? There's a place I love to be. I live there all the time till it's become a part of me. body, soul, and mind. And I know that it's many sights. So if my heart is stirred, it's just because I'm living in the pages of his word. There's peace within those pages through the sh of life that rages and I find that rock of angels still secure in my lion hiding in its proise abiding. will assure that I can make it cuz I'm living in his word. Heaven is my final place. I'll live there by and by. But until I behold his face, my eyes may never dry. But there's only one way to get through. And those pages make it known to him. To me, this book may be my home away from home. Where there's peace within those pages through the stores where I find that rock of angels still secure in my body. I am hiding in its promise. I'm abiding reassured. Oh, that I can make it cuz I'm living in his word. Now I can make it cuz I'm living in his word. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's stand and read the scripture tonight. Praise the Lord. Thank you for letting me sing a little bit. This acoustics makes me sound better. That's must be it, I guess. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's read from Lukeap 11 tonight in the blessed word together. Lukeap 11. Pray for the service at home. Brother Boaz, one of my assistants here, speaking at home for us now. And pray that the blood bless the Lord just be with the service at home as well. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Let's read Luke 11 and verse one. Sister Joan, it's good to see you as well tonight and all the friends from the the past. We just appreciate you still serving the Lord. You know, we we've seen Sister uh Smids today. We wanted to stop by and see her. And you know, I told her, I said, "It's it's an honor to be able to see these lives this long, faithful to the message of the hour, faithful to Christ." You know, people come and go and up and down, but when you have those years of fa faithfulness, it needs to be honored. Praise the Lord. Through thick and thin. You talk to a 90s something year old sister like that, uh, I tell you, she's seen about everything. And she's seen people come and go, but she's been consistent all those years. and we appreciate her so much. And it came to pass that as he was praying in a certain place, when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, "Lord, teach us to pray as John also taught his disciples." So, we have uh uh uh the sons of God here. The sons of God asking the Lord to teach them how to pray. It's not the Pharisees asking the Lord to do that. It's not the unbeliever. It's not the makeeliever. But sons of God want to know from the Lord, how can I pray? And how can I pray like you pray? How can I pray the prayer of faith? He said unto them, when you pray, say, Our Father, which is in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, excuse me, thy will be done as in heaven so in earth. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our sins, for we also forgive everyone that is indebted to us, and lead us not into temptation, and but deliver us from evil. And he said unto them, which of you shall have a friend, and shall go unto him at midnight, and say to him, friend, lend me three loaves, for a friend of mine in his journey has come to me, and I have nothing to set before him. And he from within shall answer and say, Trouble me not. The door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed. I cannot rise and give thee. I say unto you, though he will not rise and give him because he is a friend, yet because of his importunity, which is his uh persistence, because of his pers notice now, it's not because he's just a friend. It's because of his persistence, his faith to keep coming. Amen. Can you say amen? This this relationship with the Lord is and the father is not just a friendship because there's a lot of people in the world want to pray and go to him and say, "Oh, come friend, oh God, and be a friend." No, it's sons and daughters of God that come in faith. And notice how yet because of his importunity, he shall rise and give him a many as many as needed. I say unto you, ask and it shall be given you. Seek, you shall find. Knock and it shall be open in you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open. If a son, notice the subject now. It's not a friend. It's not No, it's the sons that he's bringing this prayer. It's talking about sons and daughters of God. If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he give a fish, give him a serpent? or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion? If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him. May God add his blessings to the word. Heavenly Father, uh just enable me by your Holy Spirit tonight to encourage and strengthen the congregation. and we commit this service to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Thank you. We were we at home. We were talking a few weeks about uh the many scriptures in the Bible that refer to a phrase called the time of trouble. And it's mentioned several places. the time of trouble or the times of trouble. And in each place that we look at um it's a specific window of time that actually refers in prophecy to the times we live in. We know there's been in troubles in every age. There's been lots of different troubles. In fact, in fact, in some days, the troubles were different than our troubles we have today. You know, people I was talking to a pastor the other day and he has some throat uh some esophagus cancer. is brother Bill Bailey and he says you know you know I trust in the Lord for my healing but he says this isn't like back in the day where you would lose your head and have it cut off for being a Christian I'm not sure I'd want to live in that day I think I'd rather live now and yet we find different troubles so so every age had troubles but the time of trouble that it refers to in the Bible many places is actually talking about our day this is actually you're actually living in the real time of trouble and uh it's referred referred to in uh Psalms, David speaks of it uh and and then uh in Daniel in Psalms 27, which is what brother Lamb referred to as a he he preached the rapture out of Psalms 27. And it is in there where he says, "In the time of trouble, so it's rapture time. That's the time of trouble." But in the time of trouble, he shall hide me in his pavilion. So God's made a provision. Yeah, God in this great time of trouble, he's made a place for us to run into and and and and and the the righteous can have a place to run into and are safe. It's a place of protection. So, it's many places that refers to it in Daniel. It actually says, and I want to read this one, at that time shall Michael stand up, the great prince, which standeth for the children of the of thy people, and there shall be a time of trouble. prophecy. Now, there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even to that same. That's quite a statement that this this hour is a time of trouble like no nation like no age before has ever seen. And you live in that time. And I'll just finish the rest of that scripture. It says, "And at that time thy people shall be delivered." Everyone that shall be found written in the book. So don't don't lose hope tonight because we're going to live in that time of trouble, but there's a great deliverance coming. Blessed be his name. So So then now as you are a Bible reader, you refer to some other scriptures that talk about the end times. Luke 21 is one. And I'll just move quickly through these so we can just catch what it says about the end time and the time of trouble. And there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and then stars. Luke 21. And upon the earth distress of nations. There's a word for the end time. Distress with perplexity. There's another word that describes our God. Perplexity. The sea and the waves roaring. Men's hearts failing them for fear. Heart attacks and just the weighing of the heart. Men's hearts failing for what? For fear. For looking after those things which are coming on the earth. For the powers of heaven shall be shaken. And so you, if you know your Bible, then you find other traits of the end time in Luke 17. in Luke 21 and in Matthew. Um, and I'll just mention a few other things that are pressures unique to the end time that Jesus said. He said in in in these other scriptures, he said, "And many shall betray one another." Uh, it's a day of betrayal. And betrayal that actually is a pressure within itself. You can have friends for years and they're betrayed. Many shall betray one another. Uh, many shall hate one another. Hatred is on the rise. Uh, and the love of many shall grow cold. Uh, and don't think that's just out there in the world. That's the spirit of this age. And it can creep into our own local churches where the love of many, there's no affection, there's no love anymore. I tell you, I want to see the love of God in our hearts, the genuine love of God. But that creeps in where the love of many people for one another grows cold. uh you you have this betrayal of one another and hatred for one another sometimes. It says further in verse 31 in Luke 21. So likewise, and these are the ones I want characteristics I'd like you to uh catch tonight, when you see these things come to pass, know that the kingdom of God is nigh at hand. Verily, I say unto you, this generation shall not pass till all be fulfilled. Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. We are the generation that watches every kingdom of this world and every kingdom be shaken. Can you say amen? Every kingdom will be shaken. And uh he said heaven and earth, this is the generation will watch heaven and earth pass away. And guess what? There's only one thing left standing. My words shall never pass away. We're going to live in an hour. We're going to experience and we're going to see it. We can't put our trust in anything except the word of God cuz it's the only thing that'll last and stand forever. Don't depend on your money. Don't depend on the the future. Don't depend on your government. Don't depend on our government. Can you say amen? He said the only thing left standing will be my word and it'll last forever. Build your life upon that. Notice some other uh descriptions though of the time of trouble. And take heed to yourselves lest at any time your hearts be overcharged. Notice how specific. So you know when I say there's earthquakes and diverous places and distress of nations, we can all say amen. But now see if you can say amen to this. Take heed to yourselves. It gets personal that your hearts don't become overburdened, overcharged with surfing. In other words, abundance with drunkenness. And that's not drunkenness as far as drinking uh alcohol, but it's just the the overabundance of things till you become like you're drunk and the cares of this life, which is worries, worries and fears. So he is describing our time of trouble that worry and fear and overabundance of things can cause your heart to be overburdened. That's our day. Amen. That wasn't in Luther's day. It wasn't in Wesley's day. This is our time. Goes on to say uh that you're bound you're overcharged by the cares of life and worries of life. So that day come upon you unaware. For as a snare shall it come on all them that dwell on the face of the o whole earth. Watch ye therefore and pray always. I'll pick up Philippians 4:6 where it says, "Be careful for nothing. Don't be worried about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God." Here's the promise. And the peace of God which passes all understanding shall keep, guard, protect your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. Amen. So now we have a we have a base here that's trying to uh uh te uh tell us and I find in these scriptures the biggest emphasis above all challenges of our time is the attack from the enemy on our minds and upon our hearts. Amen. And that means the attack on our thoughts thought life, our thoughts and on on our emotions because your hearts is just the seed of your emotions. Your heart is your seed of emotions. Your mind is where your thoughts are. So in these scriptures, it's it's an attack mostly on our hearts and minds. Um, for a believer, you don't have to worry about your soul when you have the Holy Ghost because it's settled. It's sealed. It seals the devil out. It seals God in. Grieve not the Holy Spirit where you are sealed into the day of redemption. So, the devil can't attack that. The devil can't get to that. So, what he's left with is our thoughts and our emotions. That's right. The greatest attack today, trust me, I've been a pastor for 36 years and also I've been a father and I've watched my family. The greatest attack from the enemy is on our thoughts and our emotions. Yes, sir. So, you know, we we got to be aware of this because we can't be a we've got to know where the enemy is fighting us. Amen. Amen. My my fight with the enemy is and I know he tries to get us to disbelieve, but he's never going to get me to disbelieve this message. And he should have learned that by now. Yes, sir. He should have learned that. But you know, Satan, he's real dumb. And he don't pick up on things very quickly. And for 6,000 years, he's been fighting believers, trying to get them to disbelieve. And he still has never won. He's never won. Can you say amen? Because once that believer, it's just like uh I think of God telling uh uh uh Satan, have you considered my servant Job? And he's actually suggesting, go do what you want to him. You'll never get him to curse God. You'll never get him to deny. And that was before the Holy Ghost. Wow. But he had such confidence in what he had placed within him that he said, "You'll never get him to deny me. Take him through. Take his family. Right. So, so you see now the soul gets sealed in and so Satan attacks the emotions and the thought life. So that's the biggest challenge. Our thoughts and our emotions are under attack. They're being manipulated. They're being clouded. They're being perverted. In some cases, he'd like to pervert our minds. Distressed and surrounded and filled with fear. Not our souls but our thoughts and our emotions are under attack surrounded and trying to fill us with fear. It tries to attack the family. Even in my own family the last two or three years the enemy attacking my family. My daughter, she went through a real uh mentally depressing time and it was a scary thing to go through. Very scary. And I know my daughter loves the Lord and has the Holy Ghost. But the devil attacked her mind and we were worried for a while, but we just brought it to the Lord. I I want to say thank the Lord that she's all well now by the grace of God. And we and recently uh we had a brother-in-law in our family, my wife's brother, my wife's brother-in-law and my brother-in-law, and he committed suicide. And it was a very very hard difficult time. I'm glad I didn't have to do the funeral cuz it's hard to describe someone who's attending church every Sunday at a message church. And yet he's going through something that nobody knows about. The devil's attacking him in his emotions, in his mind, in his past challenges and struggles and nobody knew. He more, you know, if I was still able to talk to him, say, "You've got to open your heart. You've got to get help and get counsel and get, you know, turn to the Lord. Don't hide that in your heart. But I It makes you wonder now. I talked to some of the preachers who did the funeral and it's like it makes us ever so sober to the fact don't think just because people are attending a message church that everything is okay. He was attending faithfully every Sunday, but the devil was attacking him in his emotions. We've got to bring everything to the throne of God. We've got to bring our hearts, everything to the throne of God because secretly Satan, it was a I don't want to say more about it, but it was a tragic thing. Uh, you know, turning right in in front of his family and shooting himself. It was a it's the children are still uh trying to get over it. It's it's a terrible thing. But Satan messes with the stability in our minds. Satan is fighting that. And this may not be a highly revelated subject here tonight, but I tell you, I I I feel like I like to hit the devil where he's fighting. Can I get an amen? I like to expose the devil where he's really fighting. You know, I could talk about the seventh seal tonight, but you know what? When God gives you a revelation of that seventh seal and God has revealed Christ personally to you, that's the full manifestation of the seven seal of the coming of the Lord. You find your place in Christ and you have an upper edge on the enemy. And and so this is what it's all about. The prophet is clear of how strange these times we live in. This is over 60 years ago. He says about this age, how strange in this age of plenty, this is in the seven church age book. In this age of plenty, in this age of progress, in this age of abundance, how can there be trials? Well, now it is strange. But in this age of plenty and opportunity, when everyone has so much and there's so much more to be had, what with all the inventions to do our work and so many things give to give us pleasure, suddenly we find mental illness taking such a toll as to alarm the nation. when everybody ought to be happy with really nothing to be unhappy about. Millions are taking sedatives at night, pet pills in the morning, rushing to doctors, and I'm not against doctors, but rushing to doctors, entering institutions, and trying to drown out unknown fears by alcohol. Yes, this age boast of its tremendous stores of worldly goods, but the people are less happy than ever. This age boasts of its spiritual attainments, but the people are less sure of themselves than ever. This age boasts of better moral values and it is more corrupt than any age since the flood. This brother Brandham talking now. Uh it talks about its knowledge and its science but it is fighting a losing battle in all fields for the human mind and the soul and the spirit cannot comprehend or keep a breast with all the changes that have come upon the earth. In one generation, we have gone all the way from the horse and buggy age to the space age. And we are proud and we are boastful about it. But inside is a dark void cavern that is crying out in torment. And without any known reason, men's hearts are failing for fear. And the world is so darkened that this age could well be called the age of neurotics. It boasts, but it cannot back it up. It cries peace and there is no peace. It cries that it has a great uh amplit uh amplitude of all things, but it keeps burning with desire like an unsatisfied fire. Amen. That's your prophet's words. Like an unsatis never at peace, never satisfied. Got all this world goods but not satisfied. That's the age we live in. Unsatisfied fire. I got to preach a sermon on that sometime. Unsatis I'll tell you there's only satisfaction in the Holy Ghost and in the Lord and in his word. Can you say amen? Amen. He brings true satisfaction. Yes. Amen. Amen. But I believe the Lord today has provided a place for us to run to. Amen. I believe the Lord has provided a place for us to hide. Thank you, Jesus. A place of peace. Amen. And one of the main things he points to in many of these references, he points to our prayer. So this is my subject tonight as as the disciples asked Jesus, teach us to pray in all of this pressure I talked about in all this time of trouble. He he actually points us in the last thing he says there in Luke, he says, "Watch therefore and pray always." In the scripture I read in in I just go back to it again, refer to it. Philippians 4, don't be worried about anything, but take everything to prayer and supplication, thanksgiving. Let your requests be made known to God, and the peace of God which passes understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. So, there's the answer. And so, he points us to prayer more than anything else. He points us to prayer. One of the main responses and resources we pull from in the hour we live in is prayer. Our words reaching the heart of God is more important than it's ever been before. Our heart breaking through and reaching the heart of God is more important in this hour than anything. When he says pray always, when he says turn to prayer, when he says bring your petitions, when he's emphasizing prayer, you would think in this age there would be something different. There'll be give us something, give us a greater revelation or give us something uh to deal with this. Give us something else. But you know what? He points to our prayer. Our prayer. And uh uh we think under these times of trouble, he would emphasize something else, but he didn't. It was prayer. Prayer. Don't we need something more than prayer? Don't we need something else? No. The answer, excuse me, the answer will be within you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This culture looks us for the answer everywhere else. It does. But we have enough scriptures and the message to point us and even the message uh brother Brandon preach he that is in you is such a significant you know these these things of brother Brandham these messages they're not sermons they're announcements. Yes. They're proclamations from God. It's leading sons and daughters of God into their adoption. Yes, sir. A lot of different sermons. Some are faithb building. Some are doctrinal. Some are revealing the seals, but not all of them are doctrinal messages. And when you have a message like he cares, do you care? That's not a doctrinal message. That's actually teaching sons how to approach God. cuz this is the hour we're going to have to know how to get through. We're going to have to have the prayer of faith. We're going to have to be able to bombard heaven. Can you say amen? We need a a a prayer that's a prayer of faith with perfect faith because we can't turn to any other answers. The world won't have the answers. And here's the answer. The answer will be within you. He that is in you. I would say that that would be a theme of this entire message. The healing came forth the discernment. But when we come to the third pole, it's he that is in you, not he that is in brother Brandham, he that is in you pouring out of you what he's already deposited in there and getting it out. I I was just a few weeks ago on Hadtie Wright and I was so blessed to see I know we've heard that we never get tired of that story but you know in that incident of the third pole he comes down in that little house and and so now here's the third pole. It's the greater works. It's thus sayith the Lord. It's you speaking the word. Right? So he comes in and he says it to this little poor woman and he says he was testifying and she said, "Brother Brandon, that ain't nothing but the truth." Something came in that room that actually was a greater glory, Brother Bam said, than he's ever seen in any other place. In that little house was a greater glory than he's ever felt in all the meetings he was in. It's showing where this third pole is going. It doesn't have to be just in church. Amen. The five manifestations of the third pole, none of them were in church. One was on the phone. And it's showing God has doesn't have to do it in church, but he wants us to be available and ready at any time for his power to work in us. Can you say amen? Wherever it is. Because it's not about being around brother Brandham or being around the pastor. It's he that is in you. That's the revelation. And so we find that he said, "I got to finish the story, but he said he said now sister because you said that he said to tell to tell you whatever you say, whatever it is, whatever your desire is." And he she goes, "Brother Bram," she said, "I wouldn't know. I don't what do you think I should ask? I don't know." He said, "Whatever it is, ask for it right now." And brother Ben made some suggestions. You don't have any money. You don't have a dime to your name. What about some money? Your sister's a over here. Ask for her healing. And you know and and he mentioned two or three things and then he says but what is your greatest desire? You know what God is doing? He's reaching down into something beyond temporal that's within her that's eternal. [Music] And she's not even going to ask for something temporal. Even though if she asked it, God would give it. We are right. I believe friends that God is doing something in us that it's reaching to the very heart of God to bring the spoken word to his people. But then he's reaching into the depths of us. And he says that's what you do. Ask for your greatest desire. And it was eternal. She looked over those boys snick snickering and making fun. I want the salvation of my two sons. That was eternal. You take the power of that spoken word there and you take the desire of that simple woman and you put that together, something supernatural is going to happen. Hallelujah. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." It's he that is in you, not he that's in the prophet. That that's the first and second Paul. He that is in you is what we're coming to. What is it in you? what's in there? He said, "Well, brother Paul, it's so clouded over with all my past and all my and my worries of finances and all that." Listen, let God get beyond all those pressures. Get beyond those worries. God's going to take care of you. Can you say that? I've never seen the righteous forsaken or receive begging for bread. Don't worry about those things. Put them in the hands of God. What is it in you that God's trying to bring out of you? Blessed be his name. I tell you, I can shout in here tonight right here in Wyoming, Canada. Glory be to God. It don't take a lot of people. Can you say amen? It takes the word and the Lord bringing his word to us. Praise the Lord. So listen now. The words coming from a believer will be very important in this hour. Our prayers can't be surface prayers. Not in this hour. We can't just say prayers like the Catholics. We can't just skim through and say, "Lord, and we can't go to God just when there's an emergency either." That's what the world does. They only want God in an emergency. Has to be a relationship with him. Continually talking to him. So, our prayers can't be surfaced. The difference is there's a difference in saying prayers and praying from the depths of our heart. Reach into the very depths of ourselves and pull it out. So our words come forth before God to see an effect, looking for an effect, looking for a mighty God to step in. Can you say amen? Thank you, Lord. There are truly some places we come uh upon in our lives, and I've been there. And we're I think we're going to have more places that we get to in our lives that we're left with nothing else except our prayer. right now. I'm a pastor that there are troubles that come sometimes in people's lives that are so complex. I'm I'm being honest. I don't have the answer to it. Because Satan has made things so complex. If I can find an answer in the word, I I'll find it. I'll do everything in my power. But there are some things Satan has made so complex. So the only thing I'm left with is to call on a supernatural God and pray together with that person. Say, "God knows what this is. God will bring you through this." So we want our prayers to be effective when we go to him, not hindered. We need the kind of prayer that moves. Is this okay with everybody tonight? We need the kind of prayer that moves God and goes deeper than words. Can you say amen? Amen. We need them to reach the heart of God. James refers to the prayer of faith shall save the sick. Not just a prayer, but a prayer of faith, but a confidence when we pray. Confess your faults one another if you they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. He said uh uh Elijah was a man subject to life's passions as we are. Yes. Yes. And he prayed and God shut up the heavens. And brother Abraham says, "Now a righteous man is not a perfect man." There you go. When he said Elijah was a man subject like per passions, he wasn't a perfect man. He made flaws. He made mistakes. We might as well include that to the Elijah of today. He was a human being. He made mistakes. Anybody who preaches a deity that he was perfect is preaching you false doctrine. He was like the Elijah of the Bible. He had mistakes. He had flaws. And yet God heard his prayer. So Burban says a righteous man is not a perfect man but a righteous man has put his trust in the blood of Jesus Christ. He put his trust in Calvary and when he's putting his full trust in that then he can bring boldly the prayer of faith and the prayer of faith the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. Glory be to God. Yes sir. My brother and sister, that's the kind of prayer that we want before God. We have to have confidence in our prayer. But you know, sometimes you need to remove hindrances to your prayer so the channel is free and clear. It's one thing to have trouble come in your life. It's worse to have trouble with your prayer in the midst of trouble. Yeah, cuz you feel condemnation. You feel guilty. How many's ever felt, well, don't raise your hand, but how many's ever felt, I've been in time, I didn't feel worthy to pray. At the time I needed to pray, I didn't feel worthy to go to God. And that's the enemy's work. Amen. We got all these hindrances to our prayer. We got to make sure to remove all these hindrances, unworthiness, whatever it is. We got to we we've got to remove the hindrances cuz at the moment that we need it, we're going to need to know go to God and everything's under the blood. Uh can you say amen? And and so you know we we have to you know Satan tries to steal and question uh whether we have a right to pray and weigh them with your worthiness. Uh what did you do this week? What did you do last month? Satan reminding you so that why? So you don't have you don't feel worthy to pray. You don't feel worthy to talk to God. You and and Satan likes to trap you into that. And the obvious thing, of course, is if you have unconfessed sin in your life, that's the great that's a great hindrance. And you must bring those things under the blood. Amen. Because you can't have confidence when you have unconfessed sin. But Satan is clever to bring you under uh uh like a penance. Yes. uh for your sins. You can ask God for forgiveness, but then he he wants to teach penance because his church does that. You know, Satan's church teaches penance that you can't just ask for him to forgive you. You're going to have to have a payback plan. There's a certain paying back. That's not the truth. That's a Catholic religion. Right. Luther was troubled by his sins and and Luther was a professional at doing penance all those years just doing trying to work his way to get some peace and place of acceptance with God and finally found out the just shall live by faith. This is his righteousness. This is not my righteousness. And he come to that revelation. It's the devil's religion to make you do penance for what you've done wrong. What is it? To keep you from the powerful prayer. to keep you from being one that sees you with the rights of Calvary. To bring your petition before the Lord and to have him hear it. And to have him answer. Is this okay with everybody tonight? You know, debts work different with God. Satan Satan twists God's forgiveness and twists justification and mixes it all with a repayment plan for debt with interest. It's the world's way to have debt and have interest on the debt. That's the world's way. And that's Satan's religion, too. I can put you on a repayment plan. We can get you set up. I know you can't afford any of this to pay back your sin, but we can set you up. It'll be with interest. you'll probably be paying the rest of your life. Sister Joanie, my dad used to talk about I said, you know, how did they buy that? He said it was a layaway plan. You pay for it till they lay you away. That's Satan's plan. That's Satan's plan. You do penance. Listen, this this gospel religion is not doing penance. It's not paying back. He paid for my sins. He paid for my mistakes. Can you say amen? Debt and interest is slavery according to the Bible. It lingers for years. Satan don't want you to feel you have the rights. The right to pray, the right to be happy. God don't offer a penance plan to set up you a pay plan for years. He pays it all. He pays it in full. Can you say amen? When you when a heart ask in sincerity, it's forgiven instantly. It's paid in full. Can you say amen? I remember that time when my wife my wife got sick and my daughter she was only two weeks old my first my first child and my wife got salmonillaa from a Mexican restaurant and then she passed it to my daughter I was standing in the hospital in Sylvania Ohio there and I was upstairs I was crying and praying in the bathroom cuz I realized my daughter was down in emergency about ready to die my wife was up in a room about ready to die I said I feel like your prophet he lost his daughter and his wife I said Lord if you take him I I don't know But oh God, intervene for him. My mother-in-law was down in the emergency room and she seen the the the level there go straight where my daughter quit breathing. And my mother being my mother-in-law being a woman of faith, she said, "I rebuke you, Satan, in the name of Jesus Christ." And that level went up. She started breathing again. She's still alive today. She'd be 30 years old. And then we went up. We prayed and my wife come out of it as well. When we were all finished with that, the restaurant come back in the entrance. They proved that seminar came from the restaurant. So, they come to help pay for our medical bills. They came to our house, $30,000 in medical bills. We didn't have any money like that then. Uh I don't think we have it now, but anyway, we didn't have any any money. And and so, you know, uh 30,000. And so, he said, "We're taking care of all the medical bills. We're we're taking care, but what do you want is a settlement. We want to write you a check for a settlement." You know, in these days, people sue for millions of dollars or something like this. I could have lost my wife's life and they you know and you know we were young and naive and I just said well you don't have to give us nothing sir you know we're we're fine if you took care of the medical bills we're fine with it you know no we we want to give you something and he kept asking us I said I don't know what to ask for you know and uh he said well all right uh how does $18,000 sound and I said yeah sure and so and then while he's writing the check my wife she's kind of nodding to me looking at And then later we talked about it. We had some debt when we come into the marriage. And that amount that that check was written for was the exact amount to the penny of all of our debt. Paid paid in full. Paid in full. And that's how our Lord does it, friends. It's not a payment plan for your sins. It's paid in full. At Calvary, it was paid in full. Hallelujah. Blessed be his name. [Applause] Look at what brother Brandham said here about our rights. He's always trying to take the devil's always trying to take us and we don't have a right to pray. We don't have a right to these things. Brother Brandham said in 1962, "I'm an heir of divine healing. I'm an heir of joy. I've got a right to be happy." So what makes you so happy? I've got a right to be. What a way to say it. What makes you so happy? Well, you can say, "Well, because of this. Because of No, I've got a right to be happy. I don't need a reason to be happy. I've got a right to be." How do you know? Because I'm an heir to an Amen. But I say now I feel religious. Yes. I'm an heir to happiness. I'm an heir to joy. I'm an air to peace. I'm an heir to eternal life. I'm an heir to the Holy Spirit. I'm an heir to every evidence that it's God. Amen. I'm an heir to the authority of God. Who made you that? Not me. He did. Every one of you is an heir to the same thing. You're an heir to the throne. He that overcomemeth shall sit with me on my throne as I have overcome and sit on my father in his throne. Amen. An heir of all things. I'm a sinner. I'm a sinner, brother Brandham. Well, uh, you don't have to be. You're a sinner because you desire to be. You don't have to be. The debt's already paid. Brother Rome, I wish I had joy. You can have it. You're just letting Satan rob you from the privileges that Christ died for. I'm an heir to it. It's all mine. Everything he died for belongs to me. Can you say that with me tonight? Everything he died for belongs to me. [Music] Don't like to hear this. I want you to say everything he died for. Everything he died for belongs to me. So, no, that's just for some of that's just for the important preachers in the message. Some of that's just for the really holy ones in the congregation. And no, no, no, no, no, no. This isn't an outward holiness. No way. Praise the Lord. Everything he died for belongs to me. I'm an heir of it. Were his children were heirs of it. Everything that he died for belongs to me. Thank you, Jesus. Brothers and sisters, you have a right to pray tonight. You have authority to pray with. Thank you, Jesus. Brothers and sisters, you have a direct line to God. No matter what the devil has told you, a believer has access to the father. Sons have access to the father just like Jesus did. Yeah. And here in our my text, it's sons of God that's saying to after Jesus prayed, they said, "Lord, teach us to pray." That's my subject tonight. I'm going try to find a place down here to close. Lord, sons of God are asking, not the Pharisees. Yes. Lord, teach us to pray. They could have asked a lot of things from the Lord. Lord, teach us how to do miracles. Right. Amen. Yeah. Lord, teach us how to have some signs in our lives. We want to do some of those other things you're doing, Jesus. But that's the only place in scripture we what they're asking. They want to do it like him. Teach us to pray. And I would add it to this that Lord, teach us to pray like you pray. Why are they asking that? because his prayers were getting through and they watched it for three and a half years that what he said to the father made it through. And the thing about sons and daughters of God, friends, is sons and daughters of God, they know that whatever Christ came to, he said that where I am, ye may be also. Amen. He said things that like uh the works that I do shall you do also, but greater works shall you do. He keeps, you know, it's like brother Brandon early on when he talked about the new ministry, the third pole, he says it's handing it back to the people again. It's not sitting and watching a prophet. It's not sitting and watching Jesus. He says it hands it back into the hands of the people again. And sons know that they're coming to the same thing that Christ came to. So no wonder they're saying, "Lord, teach us to pray like that. Whatever faith that you have, I can come into as well. Perfect faith. Thank you, Lord. Teach me how to pray like that." And I just tell you friends, I'm I'm not all there tonight. I'm not all where where I'd like to be. I need Jesus. I rejoice that uh you know there was a family a few weeks ago uh and this happens uh um I give glory to God. Amen. But you just pray you lay hands on somebody some dire needs and in my office prayed for a brother and and committed something and that at that moment it was done. That was it. Thank you. I give glory to God. Amen. But I'm still I'm still desiring to move in a place. I don't I'm not trying to be super spiritual. I'm trying to be supernatural. There's a big difference. This isn't super spiritual. This is supernatural. And this is supernatural. God working through us. I I long to see that prayer. Can you say amen? And sons that's asking the crowd was the crowd. You know, one time the crowd asked Jesus, "What can we do to do the works of God?" They're asking to do the works. They're asking to do whatever. Sign seekers, Pharisees, sign seekers. But this is teaching us to pray, not to reprieve a prayer, but we're sons. We want to be positioned like you, Jesus. We want to be in that place. We we we we when we're asking then God, it moves the heart of God. One reason they knew his prayers, they one reason they're asking to teach us to pray is that his prayers were moving God on the scene. They they they you know the thing is is that these were Jews. These were uh men of God here. These Jews and the Pharisees and different they were Jews. So when they said Lord teach us to pray, do you think these disciples weren't pray didn't pray? Jews pray. Yes. So why are they asking Jesus teach us to pray? because they wanted to pray like that. Jews pray. They pray, you know, and Sabbath day comes and and and Sabbat comes and they're there Friday and they're on their knees. They're praying. So these disciples did that. But they're not just discip They're not just Jews. They're sons of God. And they're saying, "I already pray, but I don't have that kind of prayer." Jesus. Amen. Teach us. You know, sons of God are teachable. Yes, that's true. Sons of God are correctable. That's true. Amen. Yes. Sons that are moving to adoption are teachable and correctable. Sons that are not are not teachable. They stay immature. That's right. But sons moving to adoption, they have to be corrected. Where Abraham says he comes back and reports to the father. Oh, your son, he's being rebellious. He won't listen. He wants to stay as a child. But the ones that's going to get the adoption is is dad is he says the father said, "I'm proud of your boy. He's obeying. I'm proud of that daughter cuz she's lining right up with the word." Adoption is based upon behavior. It's not based upon uh trying to uh make ourselves something. It's based upon behavior and growing into maturity. That's a whole another message. But adoption is is related to maturity. Mature sons are the ones that are moving to adoption. And because they they are because they're teachable, they're correctable. Others other followers stay babies. Pentecostal babies. And brother Bam says you can't teach Pentecostal babies supernatural things. Right. It says it all. What are they? They're they're they're Christians, but they're babies. Yeah. And you can't teach babies supernatural things. Amen. Yes, sir. The disciples could see that he was the son of God. Praise the Lord. Oh, there's just so much here. I have to let me just move on to find a place here. They seen authority in his prayer. And so that's why they said, "Lord, teach us to pray." I trust you leave here saying that tonight. We've seen it in the prophet. We see it in other brothers, other sisters. But it's he that it's in you. Lord, teach me to pray. Amen. Give me perfect faith to pray cuz I'm going to hit some spots in my life. What? I don't have any other answers. I can't depend on the government. I can't depend on any. I'm going to have to have my prayer getting through to God. When I speak in front of my children, when I speak in front of my family, when I speak in front of my church, I'm going to have to know that there's no hindrances. There's nothing in the way. There's nothing the devil's beating over my head. There's not guilt. You feel unworthy. I'm going to have to get over that thing of feeling unworthy to pray. We're going to need to feel No. No. I've got a right to pray. Glory. I've got a right to pray. I've got the authority to pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Jesus Christ. I'm going to I'm going to end tonight on a a man in the Bible that I love to talk about. And I don't know why I do, but I I just the more I look at his life, which is a very short section in the Bible in uh the book of Jonah. Jonah is a strange bird. His life actually ends very strange and uh it's always a mystery to me. And yet he's a son of God. Uh he got a whole b book in the Bible wrote about him and his life, his biography. But it's strange. It's different. And brother Brandon elaborated on running from the presence of the Lord. And uh I've been pretty hard when I preached through the last few years on Jonah. I've been pretty pretty hard on him. Uh pretty critical of him. But at the same time, and I might have to apologize someday to him, but you know, even called and backsliding. And then you read where Abraham says, "No, don't call him backsliding. No, he was just running from the presence of the Lord. He's a he wasn't a backsliden prophet." Abraham said that early on, but later he corrected. He says, "No, he wasn't." And uh but he was and even rebellion is a strong word because he's just running from his commission. He's running from what God called him to do. And so we must realize first, Brother Bram says, "Can I have about 10 more minutes here?" There's there's no clock in this old church. That's a bad thing tonight. No clock. Praise the Lord. So, you know, the first thing Brother says is that no, no, he wasn't backsliding. And then, Brother Bam says, Jonah is an example of us all. So, there's no sense in being critical of him cuz he's an example of all of you and me. So, boy, it gets pretty powerful when you go to read because you realize, wow, yeah, you pull out the characteristics. And so I'd like you to turn to Jonah. We're just going to read the second chapter because we find the first chapter is what gets preached on a lot. And we uh we realize that that's where he got a commission. He he's supposed to go to Nineveh and preach and then he got on another ship to Tarsus. And then we find that, you know, uh he he uh God swallowed. He got kicked off the he told him, "Kick me off the I'm the problem. Kick me off the ship." and they kicked him off the boat. And so then uh a great fish swallowed him up. That's all in chapter one. That's the first chapter of the biography is life. It's not too good. He's running from the Lord and he's swallowed up by a big fish and he's in this fish. Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights. You know, it's amazing. We can be critical of Jonah and his life, but his biography actually speaks of the resurrection of Christ, right? Amen. What What is this? Wednesday after Palm Sunday and Jonah's life speaks of him going in the ground, Jesus Christ, and raising the third day. So he's his whole life is going to testify of Christ. Praise the Lord. Amen. So then verse 17 and verse chapter 1, the Lord prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah and Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days. Chapter 2, then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God. Out of the fish's belly, and said, I cried by reason of my affliction unto the Lord, and he heard me. Out of the belly of hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice. So now we could safely say at the beginning of this that he if we're looking through the devil's eyes, he didn't deserve to pray. He ran from his commission. And yet something rose in Jonah. And and trust me, he didn't really have any other option. There were no options. Can you say amen? And so what did he do? He prayed. and he didn't feel worthy to pray because he knew he just ran from the commission. Almost caused a shipwreck all messed up and just running from God. And yet yet he finds it within his life. He prayed unto the Lord and said, "I cried by reason of my afflictions of the Lord and he heard me. Out of the belly of the hell cried I, and thou heardest my voice, for thou hast cast me into the deep, into the midst of the seas, and the floods compass me about. All thy bills, and thy waves pass over me." Then I said, "I am cast out of thy sight, yet I will look again toward thy holy temple." With all of his guilt, with all of his condemnation, with all of his unworthiness that he felt, he got a hold of a promise from Solomon. Can you say amen? Solomon says, "If your people are in trouble, if they're in another land, if they're in famine, if they're backslid, God, if they turn to you and turn to your temple, will you hear their prayer?" And God says, "I'll hear their prayer, no matter where they're at, no matter how low they are, if they turn towards my temple, I'll hear my children's cry even though they don't deserve it. Jesus latched on to that promise and said that promise is for me even though I'm away from God promise for me cuz I'm a son of God. Friends, I'll tell you we need to tell the devil to to get out sometimes and just say, "I know I've made my mistakes, but you're not going to let me badger. You're not going to badger me about it. I've got a right to pray. I've got a right to come on. Hallelujah. I think of I think of Esther, a scared little girl, but what happened? She was positioned to request something before the king. Scared to death. 15, 16 year old girl. I don't know how old she was, but now she they pray. They fast. And she gets the courage within her to go against the law. It says nobody approaches without being asked. Something in her says, "But I'm the queen. Thank you, Jesus. I'm a daughter of God. She just she just steps out into that little did the courtyard and the king recognizes she just just kind of sitting there and the king he holds out his scepter which is a powerful thing. She steps up into there and he holds out his scepter. And when a king holds his scepter, that represents all the power of the king. If he holds it out to you and you touch it, you have all the power of the king. [Music] What does my queen want you? There has to be some courage in us to rise above our mistakes and rise above our past and rise above our fears and rise above our thoughts and rise above our emotions being up and down and say all that's laid aside. I'm a son and daughter of God. I bring everything under the blood and I'm bringing this petition before you. Amen. What does my queen want? Oh, I I'm asking you and Hmon to come to dinner. Yeah. And the king says, "That's it. That's it. Okay. Hmon, can you go to Okay, we're going to go to dinner. They come to dinner. She's still The Bible show The Bible's so real cuz it shows she didn't tell him the first dinner cuz she was just still She's got the human side. She's intimidated by Hmon, her enemy, like we are sometimes. King says, "What do you want up to the half of my kingdom? Please tell me what do you want, my queen?" She said, "Uh uh, it's like right a little bit. What do I, what do you want after the uh uh I was just wondering if you could come to dinner tomorrow night. [Applause] It shows that Hmon was intimidating her. It took her a while to get some courage. It took her a couple nights to get more courage to ask the king. She had a right to, but she had to get the courage to. Anybody listening to me tonight? You have a right to, but you got to get the courage to. Next night, you know what she did? She got the courage and she exposed her enemy in the presence of the king. [Music] Hallelujah. You don't let the enemy hide. You take it right here. He is. I'm exposing him. I'm telling what he is in the presence of my king. And guess what? She didn't have to take care of him. Her king took care of him. Glory. [Applause] Oh boy. Okay. I I have I have a clock here on my iPad. Thank you, Jesus. It's not working. Okay. It's not working. Jesus, for thou verse three, thou has c. Okay. No more. Verse four. Then I said, I cast out by sight, yet I will look again toward that holy temple. This is what brother said in perfect faith. You have to be in a position for perfect faith. The reason Jesus had perfect faith because he knew his position in the word. And what did Jonah do? He positioned himself towards the temple. Now, how did he do that in a in a fish? I really don't know. But I believe it was a supernatural GPS. It was a supernatural GPS. God's GPS was there before we go in our car. It was a somehow by revelation he found the direction towards the temple and he bowed down in the he said he had things all around his face and everything and he bowed before the temple and he asked God to deliver him. The waters verse 5 can pass me about even to the soul. The depth closed me around about. The weeds were wrapped around my head. I went down to the bottoms of the mountains. The earth with her bars was about me forever. Yet hast thou brought me up from life, from corruption. Oh my Lord, when my soul faded within me, I remember the Lord and my prayer came into unto thee into thy holy temple. Did you hear what he just said? His prayer somehow he couldn't get out, but his prayer made it out of that fish into the presence of God. Brothers and sisters, when you can't get out of something, your prayer can. [Music] I don't know how I'm going to get out of this, but I trust God my prayer is going to get me out. Prayer got out before he got out. Yeah. Glory be to God. I'm going to put that one on my refrigerator. That's a refrigerator quote. Thank you, Jesus. Jonah's prayer got out before he got out. That's a powerful prayer. How many remember Daniel praying for 21 days? Yes, sir. He said, "Lord, why is he answered? I'm fasting. I'm praying all this time." Finally, the angel makes it to him after 21 days. He said, "Daniel, I heard you the first day. It made it through to my presence, but I've been fighting through demons to get to answer to you." You don't think that can happen again? The prince of Persia was fighting me the whole time, but I heard you the first time you prayed. [Music] Y'all are making me feel too comfortable here tonight. I can tell you that. We got to finish this prayer and then I'm closing. when he when my soul notice now uh my prayer came into thy holy temple verse 8 and they that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy he called all that seaweed and everything lying vanities and anybody who looks at the symptoms there's only one way to look at them lying vanities when you do it you forsake his mercy because his mercy is greater than your symptoms his mercy is greater than your problems Lord His mercy is greater. Oh my friends, his mercy is greater than your rebellion. His mercy is greater than your mistakes. His covenant is stronger than your past mistakes. But I will sacrifice unto thee the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that I have vowed. Salvation is of the Lord. And the Lord spake unto the fish, and it vomited out Jonah upon the dry land. I encourage you to read the rest. He goes to Nineveh, but then the chapter 4 is the most mysterious part of Jonah. He he gets he he gets angry. He gets suicidal. He's a mess. He's mentally messed up. He is. Read it. God's trying to teach this son something. And and and to me, if I was running the show, I would have fired this guy and got someone else like ziprecruiter.com, hire.com. I would have this guy's finished. Like the disciples sometimes after the resurrection, you're finished. We'll get some other disciples. But he couldn't he couldn't fire Jonah. because his name's on the book. His name is on the book. It's Jonah. It's not Bob. It's not Suzy. It's Jonah. So, if your name is on the book, God is going to keep dealing with your heart. God is going to keep forgiving you of your sins. God is going to hear your prayer. Because your name, not because you deserve it, but your name is on the book. Blessed be the name of the Lord. His prayer got through before he got through. And he didn't deserve to pray, but he positioned himself right. And when he positioned himself, God came on the scene and spoke to a fish. Great. Hallelujah. Directing a fish, directing squirrels. Directing the storm. Amen. Amen. The power of the spoken word. God will move the whole world if he has to. Yes, sir. For a son and daughter of God. Yes. Amen. When Adam and Eve fell, you know, before Adam and Eve were around, Lucifer influenced a third of the angels. And there's no word that God did anything about it. No. No. But one son fell and he's running to the garden and saying, "Adam, where are you? never did it for the angels, but a son, a daughter, he's running. He Adam was hiding. God went and found him where he was hiding. How many times in your life you're hiding from God because of your guilt and condemnation. And it's God that comes to you. Where, Adam, where are you? Amen. We're over here. And we're we're naked. Who told you you were naked? Who's lied to you? God knew all this, but he was asking. What do you do in hiding? You're my son. And right there in redemption, he's pulling them out of their hiding. He didn't have to do that. I tell you, it's God rich in mercy. God rich in mercy. Said, "Come out here and stand before me and take these skins and throw those over your nakedness. You don't need those fig leaves. Religion. Here's my skins. Blood. Can you say amen? Throw these clothes on you. Come out here and talk to me. I want fellowship with you. God, look what we've done. We just feel shame. We don't feel a right to even speak to you. We used to talk with you in the cool of the evening. We loved it. But we have sinned. We don't even feel worthy to come. Come out here. I want to establish fellowship again with you. I want to talk to you. Hallelujah. Amen. I feel his pray. I want you to just lift your hands here tonight. Thank you, Jesus. My God, do you love me that much? Do you love me that much, Lord, that you come and find? How many raise your hand and say, "He come and found me when I was hiding." You might be hiding tonight. He's going to come and find you. A third of the angels fell and God never went to get him. But one son falls and he's running and saying, "Where are you? I want you to come back to me. I want to fellowship with you." Hallelujah. Our heavenly father, we raise our hands tonight. Because we feel your grace is just overwhelming to us, Lord. It's a God rich in mercy. Not just mercy, but rich in mercy. And we needed a God like that. We need it today. This is the time of trouble when hearts and emotions and minds and thoughts are up and down and so messed up by the enemy. We need your grace. We need a God rich in mercy. Lord, we call on you tonight to help us, strengthen us, and most of all, Lord, teach us how to pray. Teach us to pray the prayer of faith. Lord, teach us to stand as sons and daughters of God in our position in the place that you've called us. Lord, help us not to knuckle down to the enemy's threats and unworthiness and condemnation. Lord, we bring everything under the blood. May we stand boldly before your throne with the authority of God and ask what we will. Would a father turn away a son who's asking for bread? No. And the heavenly father, will he turn anybody away? Any son that's asking for the Holy Spirit. He will not turn them away. Ask and it shall begin. Seek and you shall find. Knock and the door shall be open unto you. Thank you, Father. We love you, Lord. Bless the people. Bless the congregation, Lord. Bless the pastor, Lord. And may you fill these lives with a refreshing in the Holy Ghost. I pray Lord may this times of refreshing come. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Sister could you play Mercy rewrote my life. I should have fallen. My soul cast down. Can we lift our hands and stand and sing it tonight? Mercy rewrote my life. I should have fallen. Thank you Jesus. My soul cast down but mercy rewoke my life. I tell you friends, it's a time to rejoice. It's the time to thanks. Have thanksgiving my life. I should have fallen. I should my soul cast out your mercy of my life. Amen. Thank you Lord. [Applause] Mercy my eyes. [Music] [Applause] Mercy my sh my soul [Applause] mercy one more time let's sing it together oh mercy Come on. Oh my. Oh yes. Mercy. [Applause] [Music] My soul is re [Music] [Applause] [Music] My heart and last song by great place be where I belong. Where mercy bring. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amazing heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My mercy reun my life my mistakes God turn the miracle hallelujah and all my tears turn into joy. My past was [Music] forgiven. Amazing. [Applause] [Music] Reun my life. Amazing. [Applause] [Music] of my amazing [Music] [Music] my prayer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord God, we just thank you for speaking through your servant tonight. Lord, I just fed on your word. Thank you. Thank you, Jesus. Bless your brother, your servant, Pastor Paul. for coming Lord God and just feeding your bride this evening Lord God from the throne of heaven Lord God just wonderful wonderful wonderful mana heavenly mana blessed be your name Lord God Lord we love you Lord our visitors that drove so far bless them Lord God and and the ones that could come out Lord God bless them and Lord Lord, just re fill our strength, Lord God, as many will travel far to go home tonight. And just thank you for your amazing presence, Lord God. And we know many couldn't come, Lord God, in a distance, and a week and away and different things. That's all right, Lord Jesus. But Lord, we thank you for your presence. Lord, be with our little fellowship after. We love you and adore you, Lord God. us. Thank you for your grace and amazing mercy to me. Lord Jesus, we pray. Amen. Amen. We just welcome you to we have some snacks and fellowship if you can stay and and just uh greet each other. And God bless you. God bless you tonight.
