################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - Sun. May 11, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-11
Title:    Sun. May 11, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker: Dale Langstaff
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdpvtj2sMCQ
========================================

Description:
Mother's Day
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
He is our help forever present. Faithful is he. He is a constant. Forever faithful. Ever good. I never living in sight. Emmanuel. Emmanuel. God, living in Emmanuel. No matter what what storm may come, our God is here. Our God is here. When fear gives in, when darkness run, our God is here. Our God is here. No matter what, what storm may come, our God is here. Our God is here. When fear gives in, when darkness runs, our God is here. His name is Immanuel. Imuel God it all living in Immanuel. Emmanuel God with us living in Immanuel. [Applause] Praise his name. Amen. Oh, that man from Galilee, he's done so very much for me. Amen. Amen. In a manger long ago, I know it's really from their s [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Praise his name. Praise. Amen. You love him this morning. Praise his name above all. Above all powers, above all kings. Amen. And above all, Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yes, Jesus. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] One more time. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, you were crucified and you took the fall. You took the fall for me, Lord Jesus. Amazing love and mercy. Blessed be your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amazing grace. Crucified for me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, we pray you'll bless your bride this morning, Lord God. And Lord, we remember our mothers today. Lord, our prophet said that our mothers could be the fifth gospel. Matthew, Mark, Luke, John, and mothers. [Music] Bless the mothers, Lord God. Bless them in a special way. Lord, bless your people, Lord. And Lord, I pray that you'll feed them. Not men feed them, but if you'll feed them, We'll praise your name for it. Your name. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Crucified. Amen. God bless you. It's just great to be here. Thank you, musicians. Maybe you can have your seats for a few minutes. Just a announcement and a testimony. Amen. Just uh maybe I'll do the testimony first. When me and Land went to the Ohio to the pastor's getaway and their wives. Amen. Uh we traveled back to the minister's meeting on Ohio's back roads. And Ohio's back roads are very narrow. And in some cases, we were in the hilly country of Ohio. So they're very hilly and curvy. And there was many times that we crossed the road or turned onto a side road that I asked Lanne, "How can you tell if anybody's coming?" And her answer to me was, "I guess you just go. That's, you know, the hood of your car would be up." And so you would look at oncoming traffic coming around the curb and I'm turning to the left and I can see the hood of my car. And so that's what it was like. And in this one spot we pulled up. It was not like that. I could clear see clear clearly see. And I hesitated just for a moment. But there was a van semi coming and then there was about 12 cars right behind that semi. It looked like those cars have been trying to pass that semi for the last 20 miles, but they couldn't because it was hilly country and curvy. And I almost went and I hesitated and I said, "We got all day." We had all day. We were early. Matter of fact, we went to a minister's house before the meeting and we hadn't turned behind this semi and 12 cars. We hadn't turned one minute and we heard the sirens coming and they were farming there and a spray semi with tanks of water had pulled out front of the semi and they detourred us on an angle road and we were able to see the semi that I would have been in front of in the ditch. in the ditch and I would have been in front of that vehicle just by just by you know you just look and say so I got oh well so man so God you know we we don't recognize that sometimes and we were going home last Sunday and Lance said you forgot to tell the testimony amen but you know there's no such thing as a close call with God. No, it's called your guardian angel. Just made you hesitate for a reason. Amen. It makes you look at life differently. Amen. And so we praise God for all these things. And I too appreciated brother Carson's talking about many countries where many people are much uh under torment and and you know I I I think of North Korea if I watch anything from North Korea I can't sleep it's just just completely uh just terrible terrible just terrible and so we are blessed just to to have the freedoms that we do have. Amen. Amen. And um um so we just praise God for that. Also, I wanted to to uh just maybe I'll mention this and then I got announcement, you know, this week that we had uh we we uh uh inquired. Well, I don't know if we did, but the world did or or somebody did. I didn't. Maybe I did. Uh, we inquired a new pope. And uh, I want to just read the the uh, quote that brother Bram said about that. Vicki, if you could bring it up like last week, I'd I'd pay you real good. Amen. I believe one of these glorious mornings that the United Conference of Churches will go together and the new pope is brought out of the United States and it's put over according to prophecy and they'll form the image of the beast. The image like the beast and I tell you the true church of God will be drove together. Then what what I want to show you that you can leave that well maybe you can break well. So you know just to clarify this brother Dale don't know if this is the pope but brother Brandham clearly says when when an American pope he don't say may you know which one of them will there be but the way he appears like it'll be see there's never been never so some ministers that I in fellowship with said well you know how do we know if it's second third or fourth Or it could be the 24th for all I know, but that's not the way the prophet said it. He I mean, and you and it's okay if you think differently, but he insinuated when the pope from America comes. That's right. And this pope was born. But maybe you can bring up my next uh uh paragraph there that I got in my notes here, Vicki. This new pope chose the l the name Leo, which that Leo means like a lion. Uh the 14th and but he was born on September uh 14, 1995. And brother Brandham, I'm just doing some math for you and I I don't I just want to show you how God is omnipotent. That prophet was conceived when brother Brandham gave the prophecy. It's exactly, you can even check science on that, but he was conceived probably the day the prophecy went forth, but exactly 9 months before the prophecy. So, it's just amazing God. Amen. So, God sure does know what he's doing what he's doing. Now I I mean you know I'm not a prophet so I can't see that this is the man but I do know this and I would just leave this with you that that I've heard and actually a brother in the church sent it to me and he's not here this morning but there is uh uh I just tell you this should excite the bride. I mean it would excite me. I I mean, and so I'm just, you know, I'm not making any like document statement here this morning. I'm just pointing you, you can make whatever. You can throw it in the garbage or whatever. But Trump has been making an announcement for about a week or two that he has something huge to make that's never happened before. And we have a bit of inside track to that that it appears like that it'll be a covenant with Israel. And the thing because the news say says it's never happened before in like500 2,000 years. And if that covenant that'll be the covenant that Israel breaks. So I mean like I put two and two together and I get four. If you get six that's okay with me. Uh but uh uh it's just uh it's just I I have the newscast if you want to watch it. Um, but we're living at the end times for sure. We're living at the end times. Amen. So, whether we see this actually come down, but uh he said that he was going to make a huge announcement, announcements that's bigger than anything that's ever been made. And it was a signature with it was in the Middle East and it was with Israel. And we know that they'll make a covenant that they'll be forced to break. And we know that Israel can't give up their land. They can sign anything they want, but they'll break it. And and and and we you know the history better than I do, but the people they're going to make the covenant with, they're untameable and wild man. So So Amen. Amen. So God is good, man. We sure welcome all our mothers. And if your mother's still alive, you want to say hello to her today, that's uh sure respectful. Amen. And many of us our mothers have gone on. Also, I just before we just get into the word, I had a a very nice letter left for me in my office. Very respectful, and they asked for clarifications and had a few questions on something I had ministered on. And I would gladly give that to them, but I don't know for sure who the letter was from. So, if you can just, however you choose to do that, if I know who it's from, I won't answer it personally, I'll show you what the prophet said. I I'll just I can just say, "Well, this is what he said multiple times." Amen. And I have multiple quotes. I won't cherry pick them, that's for sure. But uh but I by God's by amazing grace, I I I trust I've not preached anything different than what the prophet has said and and I have them right on my iPad and phone. Amen. So, amen. So, amen. God bless you. Let's just stand for the reading of the word. Amen. Let's turn to Philippians 2:9 and 11. our first scripture there, Vicki. Philippians 2:9 and 11. And and I want to preach on or God wants to preach on something that is somewhat related to mothers, but definitely our human flesh and something that is against the spirit of the age. And let me just read our scripture and then we'll give you our title. Therefore God hath God Therefore God also hath highly exalted him and giveth him a name which is above every name. And that that the name of Jesus every knee shall bow the things that are in heaven and the things that are in earth and the things that are under the earth. And that at every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Lord Jesus, we pray that you would minister your your desire this morning. You would minister your thoughts, Lord God, and minister your scriptures and your word that will never pass away. And Lord, I pray that through the ministry, it will pick us up and encourage us and it will it will enlighten us and show us and recognize the hour we're living and what what you see in us, Lord Jesus. and we give you all the glory and all the honor for it. In your beautiful name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Amen. I want to have our Mother's Day uh message today on respects. Brother Brandham preached this message multiple times. uh a minimum of at least twice, but I believe it was actually more than that. But brother Brown preached about respects. And you know, uh let let me just lay a bit of a foundation here. We I'll give you a quote and I'll lay a foundation. The only way that you can respect God is respect one another. The only way. And I want to show you something in our our way of thinking. Anything that you value, you respect. [Music] So I can prove that by the Bible. I have two scriptures right underneath this how God said it. You know, we can prove it by the Bible and we can prove that anything that you respect or value, I mean you respect because it was the characteristics of God's family. It was not just the characteristics of God's family, but it was actually in the genes of God's family. Amen. Now, watch this. Sometimes Christians or believers they don't value something or someone is exactly or identified why they do not or cannot show respects. Anything that a believer or Christian either a thing or someone that you can't uh value you can never show respect for that thing. Now we see this shown by your lifestyle. You value your cell phone. So you never leave it anywhere. And if you do, you do a U-turn on the road and go back and get your cell phone. If you left your cell phone at church, you do a U-turn and come back and get your cell phone. But if you left your Bible at church, you know, that's why when you have a job, you're respectful to your boss at least in his presence because you value your job. Amen. That's the joy. You might talk about him behind your back, but if you don't show him respects to his face, your value is going to disintegrate. And your loved ones that you value, you'll leave a note. You know, before the digital age, when I was growing up and anybody in the family disappeared, we left a note on the kitchen table said, "Gone for gas, gone for a tire, feeding the guys at the field, passed out, died, something." We'd leave a note because you valued the people that were behind wondering where you would be. And so you would leave a note to your loved ones because you valued you didn't want them to be scared. And you would leave a note today. You'd probably send a text and say, "Hey, the boss asked me to work late. I'm going to be able to buy you flowers this Friday if I work late, so just put supper on. Pause." But if you value your relationship with your family, now brother, I'm going to go into some quotes. Brother Rams said about this, your parents, your boyfriend or girlfriend, your brother or sister, or your pastor or your ministers, the five-fold ministry, if you value them, you'll show respect. That's why people in a home church, if they're going to be out, they'll send the pastor a note. Yeah. Because they value the ministry and they'll send a note. That's right. And every one of you that call this your home church, do that. And many of you, if it's Sunday morning and you think I'm under the anointing, you'll send it to one of the deacons because you value your relationship in the home church and you value your relationship with the pastor or the ministry that would be there that day. Yes. Yes. Praise God. Exodus 2:25. Here we see how God values something and he shows respects. And God looked upon the children of Israel. Did he value them? And God had respects unto them. God had respects unto the children of Israel because they were his chosen people and they were the people that he was going to minister through in the Old Testament. And so when God looked upon them, he was respectful. Watch here what the prophet says in the blind barus. He says we must come with reverence and with respect. And the reason the spirit is not operating in the church the way it is among these people is because a lot of it is because of irreverence which is no respect. They don't respect it. And you've got to respect anything God sends you. See, no matter what it is, if you got respects to it, it'll get good from it. See then anytime that you respect it, see honor the definition or the meaning of honor or or value but let's go into the definition of honor is to you know from the dictionary is to pay high respects or great esteem. We honor our mothers today. Yes. So we show great respects, high respects and great esteem. Value is one's judgment is important or the importance of the person or your worth of the what you're valuing. So for you to show respects to God or God's people or God's ministry or God's prophet or whoever you want to do, you have to see its worth and its importance and its judgment, the value of their opinion. Other words, you just pick up the mat and sweep the dirt under it. Amen. Here we see in Exodus 20:12, "Honor thy father and mother, that thy days may belong upon the land which the Lord thy God has given you." That honor is respect. Amen. Watch what the prophet says in the next quote in questions and answers. He said if a family loses its respect for the family and the children loses its respect for parents, that family is tore into pieces. If the church ever loses respects for its pastor while that church is gone. And if the nation ever loses respects of the Supreme Court and its decisions, that nation is gone. Do you see the importance of respects? You know, our prophet clearly taught us, and I don't have this in in down, Vicki, but our prophet clearly taught us that this was a me age. Yes, sir. And it was what was good for me. And it was a selfies age. And so we don't value nothing that ain't me. We don't honor nothing that ain't me. Amen. And so we have respect for nothing. That's right. But me. That's right. That's right. Not one time in this scripture or the prophet and I I I I I'm sure I have 30 quotes I'm going to bring up here did did honor value or respects come with that you had to agree. Yeah, that's right. I mean every marriage in this place has disagreements. Yeah. So, we just dropped the gloves and that would kind of be a broken home. See, honor ain't based on agreeing. That's right. Value ain't based on agreeing. And respects ain't based on agreeing. Your kids, when you're giving them the good oldfashioned switch, may vividly disagree with you, but they still have to respect you. And when your kids grow old, they may dividly disagree with the old parents that got white hair. But God still requires respects. Amen. Proverbs 31:10,28 and 30. Why, who can find a virtuous woman for his price is high, far above rubies. Now watch how this value is in respects for a virtuous woman. Her children rise up and call her blessed. You might as well say her children rise up and respect her. Yeah. But watch how the scripture and I want to paraphrase this scripture, but and it says, "And her husband also," that means that her husband also rises up and calls her blessed. And if you were calling your wife blessed or the children were calling their mother blessed, another way to say it would be respect. Yeah, that's right. And they praise her. Favor is deceitful and beauty is vain, but a woman that fearth the Lord. Now watch this. You know, we have to we have to dovetail all the scriptures. The Bible says that God's not given us a spirit of fear, but of love, power, and it's our mind. So why does he put fear in there? Because that word don't mean fear at all. That's right. Amen. Are you with me? Now, am I am I changing the scriptures? Well, that's your choice to believe that. But see, God don't teach us to fear anything. God's not given us a spirit of fear, but of love, power, and a sound mind. So, this fear here is a woman that fearth the Lord is respective. Respects the Lord. That's right. The Lord, the woman respects the Lord and it's shown in honor and dignity and value in fear. See, if I lose my wallet, I'm fearful if I got full of money. So, most times I wouldn't have to be fearful. I mean, other than my driver's license and all the headache that would come with that. But you see what I'm saying? Yeah. You know, you that's such a simple example, but you know, if you walked up town to go to the new ice cream store that's going to be uptown and you seen any value in money at all and it was on the curb. Yes. You would reach down and pick it up. Unless you lived in Venezuela. And that's because there's value in money. And the reason you would take the effort to bend down when you might need your kid to straighten you back out is because you respect the value in that money. So in Venezuela, inflation is so high they use the street sweepers to sweep up the money and people cross and walk through it because it's of no value. Amen. That's why in the flesh when you have no value in something or someone, you walk on them. That's right. Just like the money in Venezuela. You can just Google that and you'll see people crossing the street walking through leaves. That's money. Just like we would on a fall day with money. Amen. So we see the value of a woman that respects the Lord. See that woman values God. That's why a sinner can curse God's name in vain because they have zero value. That's right. To the name of God. Amen. Yeah, that's right. Here the prophet, if you're following me, Vicki, but in the power of transformation, he says, "I don't care what my wife," and he stops there. He says, "I would respect any loyal woman." The next one there in my life story. So now, a good woman is a jewel and a man's crown. Now, a lot of these quotes I put under the scriptures because they're dovetailed with the scripture that we just read above them. Amen. A lot of them you can do that because of the message of a good woman is a jew man's crown and she should be honored. And what do we say honor is? Respect. And my mother a woman and my wife is. And they're lovely. And I got thousands of Christian sisters here who I highly respect. But if they can respect what God made them, a motherhood, a real queen, that's all right. And she's one of the best things that God could give a man was a wife. Besides salvation, a wife is the best thing. She is a good wife. And if you got a wife, brother, you ought to be respectful. If you got a good wife, brother, you're not copying right off my iPad. You are. Okay. Yep. I'm sorry. I'm just I'm sorry because I had the word rope in capital letters. And if you got a good wife, brother, you ought to respect her with the highest. That's right. You should do that. A real woman. And children, if you got a real mother that stays home and tries to take care of you and keeping your coke clean and sends you to school and teaching you about Jesus, you should honor that sweet old mother with all that's in you. See, you should Respect that woman. Yes, sir. Because she's a real mother. The next quote there, if she's a lady, a real lady, any man will respect. You know, it used to be in Brother Bam's day, and you really older people here will remember, but Brother Bam talks about on the tapes when they would cross a lady on the street, a man would tip his hot. It used to be that ladies didn't know what door car door handles were used for because the men always open the car handle door for their wife. As far as the wife knew, that if she touched the car handle door, it might start and drive away on her toes because she was highly respected. That's why it was always a man that held the door at the grocery store or better yet the flower store or the jewelry store to let your wife run in and spend your paycheck because you respected her stand. It was a woman. It was the morals of a good quality woman. And that's the way I think it must be is amongst the brethren. Brethren who sees someone somebody that's convinced I have the same respect for brethren who might disagree with me and I would say certainly I would respect his and he stops the paragraph there. Now, if we go to our next scripture, 1 Peter 2 and 17, it it says here, it says, "Honor all men and love the brotherhood." And here we go again. Fear. Does God want us to fear him? No. You wives, you mothers, does your husband want you to fear them? No. If they do, he's got a warped head and our God don't have a warped head. That fear is respect. Love the brotherhood and respect God and honor the king. Now, that's Bible. But we're living in a day where respects Amen. The young people have grown up with no respect for teachers, no respect for bus drivers, no respect for policemen, just plain no respect. Like you might disagree with the, you know, the government or the policemen or you might say he was speeding and you weren't speaking. But his office demands respect. If that you may go to court and tell the judge that policeman was dead wrong, but when that boy pulls you over if you show disrespect to him, you can be assured you're getting two tickets instead of one. So if you want to show disrespect to a policeman, wait till you get to court and then you can do it in front of the judge. Amen. Ephesians 5:21, submitting ourselves. We love, us men love the scriptures, wives, submit yourselves unto your own husband. Bless God. We have that one memorized. Hallelujah. On the bus. Well, glory. Hallelujah. Just in case you were wondering, God put this scripture first. For all you men that got headship all mixed up, submitting yourselves one to another. And uh uh-oh, there we go again. So, I'll just give you a little pinch preview for all you men that think your wife should uh uh you know uh submit yourself to you. Do you submit yourself to her? Well, I mean, I'm just reading the Bible. It's just a couple verses above it. Now, I mean, we can cherrypick the Bible if you want. Come on. Submitting yourselves one to another. You know, brother Bam said when you pray that you your prayers would be none and void unless you could fit yourself in that person's situation. So you could see a mother in the church that's like, let me use my own family for example, like my wife when she had six kids under nine. Was that her fault? Wasn't her fault. She never got those kids. Those were my kids. She had very little to do with it. I mean, other than specifically asking to sit beside me in the church pew that I had saved for my brother, but beyond that, it was all downhill for her. You see, I wasn't enough of a man to ask to sit beside her. So, she had to come and ask to sit beside me. But I soon became a man after that. Whoa. But you see what I mean? So if you see a mother or something, let's go back to our example, and she's overwhelmed with her family, you can't have respect for her because you're not putting yourself in her position. So you become a judge. Yeah. Oh, that loser. Why did doesn't she know about Well, I would never. That's because you don't value motherhood. You don't value that. She never even put herself in this position. Yes. I mean, I've never yet seen a woman have a baby except for Christ without a man. And so to put everything on the mother is just a lack of understanding. And you need to hear that from a minister because when you get to heaven, you can blame your wife or all the mothers in church all you want, but God's going to lay it right on the head. And he's going to go, "Guess what, you little squirt? I'm putting all the blame on you. She's innocent. We don't like those. I don't like them. Everything that went wrong in my family, God will blame me." 100%. That's unfair. Still the way it is. It's still the way it is. So, see, there's things in the scripture that we may not understand, may not even agree with, for sure, not understand, but we still need to value and honor. God's decision. And in our day, people struggle with that. Amen. Our next quote on respects and and brother Brown preached this here in the end of 61 and that and because God is God, he deserves respects. See, you don't have to agree with him. You may strongly disagree, maybe not even understand him, but you have to respect him. That's right. And if we got respects for him and give and give a fear to him, there's respects again. He's just saying it a different word. But the meaning of the fear there, we're not our prophet never ever taught us there's no fear in love. So we love God, not fear. And that brings respect. And God has demanded for himself and for all his servants God demands respects for his servants and he and his servants and and that's everybody that's not just servants. And how we would know that they are his servants is because he vindicates his servants by his word. And he takes these servants and makes them servants of God and proves that they are servants by making his word work through them servants. And when you respect that servant, you're respecting God. So when you resp when I respect you and you respect me and we respect each other, then we're respecting God. That's right. See, this was the prophet, our prophet. And watch how he ends this. And when you re when I he makes this too personal to himself. And when I respect you and you respect me, respect each other. And we respect each other. We respect God. We're respecting God. That's right. Amen. Did not Jesus say, "In so much as ye have done it to the least of these, my little ones, you've done it unto me." And watch this. Anytime you want to get arrogant and show a lack of value and honor and respects, remember, just remember that person has an angel. And what you do to that angel, he tells right back in the front of God's face in the throne. And you're liable for the wrath of God. I'm going to show you an example right out of our prophet in this last age where that happened where somebody refused to show respect to a messenger Martin Luther and the angel always their angel always holds my father's faith which is in heaven and now you know that they are and we are being the children of God and if you're a part of God then god demands respect just think of that the next time you want to give somebody a tongue lash God's angel will hear it and God's angel will take it to God. Now, if if I mean, if you're completely on the word of God and lined up with the the Bible and the message, Brother Bam said many times that it killed him. But he said, "I'm forced to say with the word." So, Brother Bam said thousands of things that people hated, but he said, "I'm forced to say with the word. Yeah. Psalms 12 and1. Praise ye the Lord, and blessed it is a man that respects the Lord. Now, I've changed it from the man that fearth the Lord, but respects the Lord, cuz we know we're not to fear the God, and he delightth in his commandments. So, we would delight in God's commandments and obedience. So when God says you should live this way, dress this way, we say glory, hallelujah. I respect that because we know that he's Jehovah. Amen. Amen. And there Matthew 7 and 12. And therefore all things whatsoever ye know that man should do to you, do ye even so unto them. For this is the law of the prophets. Now, this when I was a little kid was called the golden rule. Amen. So, if you don't want people to poke fun at you, Amen. So, you know, when the young kids grow up, as much as you want to tease your little siblings, remember they'll grow up too someday. Respect and treating others as you would like to be treated. do unto others as you would have them do unto you. God help us here in another quote of the the respects the prophet we said he preached it multiple times but I say my servant Moses I now I I'm just paraphrasing this I'm not trying to like change the meaning it's just I could put a whole page on here but it's a little big's talking about when Moses sister made fun of him and never respected him see God was a fool But she did because it was God that told Moses to do what she did. See, you may think God's a fool, but but see, he's God and and I'm just your brother. But I said, "My servant Moses, I sleep lip to ear to him and said, "Don't you respect God?" I know it says fear, but it means respect. In other words, you talk about Moses and you're talking about me. Amen. Oh, thank you, brother Carson. Thank you very much. I don't know why I'm Thank you. So when we talk about our brothers and sisters, forget the ministry. We're a brother. When brother Bram the ministry is different when they're behind the pulpit because they're a servant of God. But when I step off the that's only my calling. But when I step off this pulpit, I'm your brother. You're my brother. There's no it just a calling. That's right. Like a mother. So when we speak evil against one another, you're talking about God. And if you can't respect Moses, then you don't respect God. That's right. And it said, "Haven't I proved among you that he's my servant and you have no reverence for him at all?" What would what what what that would be a lesson to the people? Thank you, brother. The Thank you. Thank you. What would be a lesson for the people of this day? No respects and no honor. Now, I just want to share a little thought with you. I'm just stepping up. This is not a prophet. If brother Brown could say that there was no respects in the beginning of the 60s and the end of the 50s, maybe he would come back again and preach respects every service because if you just read the scriptures in the beginning of Revelations of Leosa. It says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what God says to the churches." You're gonna think I No, but the spirit, but God is the spirit, and they that worship him must worship him. What God says to the churches, and it says, "I'm rich. I'm increased with goods. I got everything under control. I got a great education. I don't need to come to church. I definitely don't need your advice. I definitely don't need the headship up of a ministry. I'm for sure not going to ask my pastor any questions cuz I got it all under control. And you know what our prophet said about that and I don't have it down. He says, "I would doubt your experience at all and you would need your brains baptized." You know, the greatest time I missed my daddy, he was 86, almost 87 when he died is in the winter time. Cuz it was snowing and cold. I just go down and sit at the kitchen table and mom would put on a coffee and we'd sit there. I didn't really go for no reason, but I might bounce a couple things off him. And I valued his years of longevity. He came through the depression. He was born in 28. So he's seen all of the 30s. And I have those memories tattooed in my brain. What he went through. Don't be so sure that we won't relive those before we live this world. We are fastly heading in that direction. I don't mean to be I'm just I'm just telling you. You say, "Well, that'll never happen again." Be careful. Say that'll never happen to me. Be careful. That's why people can drive fast on the road. to say, "Well, you know, that's why people can drive fast on ice. Well, that'll never happen to me. I'm a good driver." Oh, you've got to be kidding. Like, and what kind of insanity is that? Rubber tires on ice. Oh, bless God. I got They got the snow mark on them. Well, they don't have skate blades on them. Like when I wanted to stop when I was on the ice rink, I slid sideways. Mhm. You see how we get so arrogant? We got her all under control. That's the spirit. Now, I know we're in the bride age because we're not of this world. But if you're not living in Leosia, you're rubbing tight shoulders with it. Okay? I I know you know only in the Bible is recorded the Leoian age. And also remember if you're rejecting the ministry, the ages, remember that the age rejected Christ. That's right. The only age, the only age where Christ is on the outside saying, "I sure wish you'd come to church so I could tell you a couple things." And Christ had the spirit. He said, "Oh Jerusalem, oh Jerusalem, I would have put you under my wings like a henwood chicks. Yeah. But you would not. You know why you would not? Because you didn't need the wings. You didn't need the mother. Because see, you're self-sufficient. He said that would be a lesson for people today because there's no respects and no honor. And now he said because you don't do that the reason that you got leprosy is the reason things has went said because you ought to have known that this was my servant and do you know it so when you say something against him you're saying it against me and so Moses prayed for his sister for God to spare her life and God did let her go out and wait the 8 days. I believe it was 8 days or or however many days. But here the prophet says even though God healed her after her time of leprosy, whatever the number of days it was, he said she still didn't live very long afterwards, she died, but she didn't get clearance from But she did get clearance from her leprosy that was out of the camp 7 days. Okay, that's how far she was out. for the purification. But see, she even though God answered his prayer, the prophet's prayer, she he still killed her soon. And what was he trying to get them to was this? You've got to respect what God does. You got to respect what God does. And if that was the attitude of people today and God can't sorry and if that was the attitude of God in that day and God can't change and God wants us to respect what he's doing. He demands it and you'll either respect it that or something else is going to happen. See, that's why nobody comes to church on Wednesday night, cuz you don't value God. You definitely don't value prayer. And for sure you don't value getting together. Well, like what else could be the reason? You know, me and my wife were talking about last Sunday when we went home or maybe it was Wednesday. We have these talks after Wednesday service. said, "You know, when we were little, and let me just tell you something. We went to different denominations, different churches. There was no connection at all. And believe me, I never seen her. I would have been married a lot younger than I was. A lot younger." And we would start revival services on Friday night. Be Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday morning, Sunday night, Monday night, Tuesday night, Wednesday night, Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday, and Sunday night. and the church would be packed and they never had the revealed word. So, you don't value the revealed word. You don't value the ministry because God speaks through the ministry or you don't even value prayer that that well, God won't answer it the way I want, so I don't like what God's doing. See how far society has went. You can see it in the the outside kids, but what about right in the uh uh Uh-huh. We have a book back there. It talks about the revival in the 60s and that in Indiana and that and that the dep the depressed people would mark the things people would come and and even our prophet wasn't there. talked about, do you know do you know in the one church in Indiana when they built the new church they put two spots for the ambulance and when the the public am town council can you imagine when they would pick somebody up in the ambulance they would give them an option we can take you to the hospital take you to church and get prayed for and the witnesses in there said on multiple multiple hundreds of occasions no prophet see you for all you people that worship the prophet God's still in his anointed ones And hundreds and hundreds of cases they would wheel the the the the the stretcher up the alley and he said they wouldn't make it halfway up and the people were climbing up watch them completely heal under one case. One case respect one one word one word covers it. Respect to God. Respect to his house. Respect to his people. Respect to the anointing. Respect to the move of the spirit. Respect. One word. That's right. That's why people would line up hours before services and they would say first night of revival, the church on the newspaper. They they actually in that book they has thousands of newspaper clippings. The church can only hold half the people that came an hour early. No problem with that in this age cuz no value, no honor, no respects. And see it it shows in the natural, but it shows that it just covers. It's just the spirit. It's just everywhere. It's why your kids come in and tell your wife off, your mom off or anything. That's why the kids go to school and tell the teacher off and swear at the bus driver. No honor, no value, no respects. You don't have to like the bus driver to ride on the bus. He's just getting you from point A to point B. You might actually dislike him greatly, but it's better than walking. Romans 13:1-7, "Let every soul be subject unto a higher power." You thought I was making that up. That's not the age that we're living in. Let every soul be subject to a higher power. How do you get out from underneath that? God sent me a divine revelation. How are you subject to a higher power? And there is no power but God. The powers that be ordained of God, ordained, men of God or ordained, born ordained. A prophet, you know, we were reading a few Sundays ago that the ministry was dead and they were still ministers. Amen. Whosoever resists this power resist the ordinance of God. Now, in this age, we have a major headship problem. That's right. I mean, if you don't think so, why is there so many wars? Well, let me rephrase that. Why is there so many civil wars? That's not even a country with another country. But civil wars is I sit under your government. I've had those thoughts lately, but I can't find another city that wasn't built by Abraham or by God. Like, I'm like Abraham. I'm looking for a city. Where did God make a city on earth? Believe me, if I find it, I'm going there. And I'm going to go really soon. It's called the rapture. It's called heaven. Oh, wow. Come quickly, Lord Jesus. I pray. Whosoever resists the power, resisteth the ordinance of God. So, so you can say, "Well, I don't need a ministry." That's fine. But then you don't need parents. You don't even need a mother. You don't need a father, but you don't need a policeman. See, this is an open book. If you resist one, then you have a spirit of resistance. Doesn't matter to me. If you resist me, I was here before you were here. But you you're going to resist your parents. You're going to resist the policeman that pulls you over on the way home. You're going to resist the judge. You're going to resist the government that you didn't vote in. Or maybe you did. See, it's resistance. The ordinance of God, you know, nobody gets into power except God allows it. See, so it's a me. So, it's a res I don't like that. Well, I don't either. But God allowed it. That's right. God allowed it. And they resist. And they that resist this shall receive of themsself. That now like you wonder why God laid this on my heart. It's not cuz I picked it. Yeah. That that's about as strong a words as you can get. Sure is. You kids, you resist your mother's authority, you resist your dad's authority, damnation. You resist the teacher's authority. She's not teaching you because she cares. She already knows what the lesson is. That's right. If you want to be your whole life, look at me. I just didn't have the capability to learn. You see, people try to give you things and it's not because it's going to a teacher ain't giving you learning because she needs to learn. She's already learned it. That's right. That's right. That's right. Amen. Amen. The parents try to say, "If you go this way, I lived through the dirty 30s and inflation could hit again and you can go home and mock them to your lap, but it's damnation." That's right. And also, does God have ministry that comes in and says, "This is exactly where it is." And in our age, God sent a prophet. So, we're double blessed because we have the we have the Bible revealed and what the prophet said about it. damnation. God help God help me. God help me. For the rulers rulers are not a tear of good works, but to evil, and wilt thou not be afraid of the power? Do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the saint. for he is a minister of God to thee for good. The only case that that wouldn't apply is if a man was building his own kingdom and he was just off the word of God and off the message. That's why the brother Brandham said he said you know when he go questions answer he said I'll answer these the best of my ability. But now in our age we can say I'll you can answer a question with an answer. Here's the scripture and here's what the prophet said. And it doesn't matter what Dale's opinion is because I'm just I'm If I'm preaching my opinion, well, we're all lost. Yeah. But if I'm a preaching what the word says and the revealed word. That's right. But if thou doeth that which is evil, be afraid. For he beareth not the sword in vain. for he is a minister of God, and revenge is executed, wrath upon them that doeth evil. Therefore, ye must the deeds be subject, and not only by for wrath, but also for conscience sake. For this cause, pay tribute also, for they are God's ministers, attending continually upon this very thing. Render therefore their all their dues and tribute to them tribute that is due and custom to whom custom is due and respect to whom respect is due and honor to whom honor is due. Now here in this scripture the very next verse brother Bram says be real and identifying of all ages of Christ 64 be real reverent. You see, you must respect the Holy Spirit. Respects. The only way you'll ever get anything from God is respect this message. Respect it. That's right. Amen. Exodus 12:13. And the blood shall be unto you as a token. Now that token, a token is like a vouchure of value. A token is when you get on the bus. Well, you know, watch this. When you cross the bridge now, they don't take cash. So, you can buy a book of tokens or you can have them plastic. I'm not sure what happens if your plastic don't work. Do you know that's actually unscriptural by the law of the land? Because a value by the law of our constitution is money is acceptable for an exchange of tokens of a value. So the government breaks their own laws. Yes, sir. But the blood shall be a token. See you. What I'm trying to show you is you have to value that blood. It's a it's a an avenue of respects. It's a voucher of value upon the house where ye are. And when I see the blood, when I see the respects, I will pass over you and the plague shall not be upon you and destroy you when I smite the land of Egypt. Watch out what the pro prophet says in the same message token. The exact same message 63. And it's the time to quit fussing with one another and believe the message of the Bible. Believe Jesus Christ. Love, honor, and respect another. Man, respect your wives, and you respect your homes. Amen. 1 Peter 1:18 and 19. For so much as you know that ye are not redeemed by corruptible things of silver and gold by your vain conversation received of tradition of your fathers from your fathers but of the precious blood of Jesus the lamb without blemish and without spot. The precious is value respect. Precious here watch what he says in respect. He says you can't respect God and you've got to respect God. You sorry, you can't disrespect God. Thank you, Vicki, for putting that up there. You can't disrespect God. You've got to respect God. And if you don't believe it, just keep still and keep away from it. If you don't believe this message and you don't believe the Bible, that's fine. Just don't say the wrong words or either do that or come reverently and respect it. Don't make fun of people that's in the spirit. Don't talk to people that's worshiping in the spirit of God. Let it alone. How could I stand with the testimony? Another excellent quote here. How could I stand with the testimony for the hour after hour that I've seen in my life what I've seen in other countries and other places and nations and so forth things that's taken place and omit this and just that you'll get the idea that I'm not trying to say to you, you must respect it. I've seen young people sit in the meetings and snicker and laugh and make fun of the meetings and the and the message and within 24 hours they were killed on the street in the car crash and other people sit in the meetings and within a year or so I would come back within 6 months come back to the same church in particular and every one of them would be gone dead stricken where somewhere with diseases and things. What is it? You have to respect the message. Corinthians 10:32 and 33. Give none offense, neither to Jew nor to Gentile, nor to the church of God. Give no offense to the church of God, even as I please as I as I please all men in all things, not seeking my own profit, but the profit of many, that they may be saved. Amen. See that we give no offense to anyone and for sure to the church of God. Here the prophet says, he said, "You show me a church that's real humble, really humble, not arrogant, a church that's just sweet and humble, and I'll show you a church that has the favor and power of God in it." That's right. That's what it takes. Humility, humbling ourselves before God and letting God work through us. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to read. We're going to close here just shortly. I just got a couple. Oh, a little bit. But I got a couple longer quotes here and I I might paraphrase them a bit. You can put them up. But there was a Miss Wee Weber, sorry, that was dying of TP TB, sorry. And brother Brennham had prayed for this lady and it was Grace was her first name. Grace Weber of Jeffersonville. She didn't live very far from the tabernacle. She had five or six kids. And the ang I want to show you what respects looks like. And the angel of the Lord had came to the prophet and he said, "Go to their family and to her husband and to her kids and say, get ready. You're a dad man. You're dying. You don't have long to live and you're going to die." The prophet had prayed for her and the angel came and he went and told the family that she will die and she will not live here. The one's body says till the morning. And she was at her work and said that the girls that were out at the government where she worked with her said there ain't nothing to that message or that guy and said he isn't nothing but a hypocrite. said, "That's just a religion is a bunch of a lot of fake fanaticism." And that Mrs. Weaver was sitting there and the angel of God, it said, "You'll be dead. You're dying." The angel of God said, "You're a dead person." And she said, "Look here. I know I'm dying and I know that I'm going to be dead soon, but I won't stand for that. I know better than that. Now, I'm paraphrasing some here, but she said, "I've grew up with this truth and I've seen God move and I know it's real and I'm testifying it's real going to my grave in the next very few days." And he said what happened was she had an angel and that angel had came to the prophet and said you're dying. But that angel heard her testify of the truth of God and respects to his word dying. What happened? The angel of the Lord heard that. And that very night I was sitting on the side of my chair in my room and he said, "I got up to get a drink of water and it was around 3:00 in the morning and I was sitting in the chair and the angel of the Lord walked in and he said, "Tomorrow, Sunday, they're going to bring Mrs. Weaver and she's going to be sitting in the back part of the church in the tabernacle." And he said, "I heard what she was said." And he said, "I want you to tell her I heard her. I heard what she said. And you can tell her, sayeth the Lord, she will live not die and not die in the presence there." And he said, "That was about seven years ago." And he said, "You can go check it out." And he said, "It was because she was taken up for the presence of God. She was defending the spirit of God. She wouldn't sit there and see people blaspheme and disrespect and devalue God. That's right. Even though she knew that God had said she would die. Watch what the prophet says at the end. He said, "And God had respects to her because she had respects unto what God was representing." And so God will do the same thing with you. Not respect me. Don't I don't you don't have to respect me, but to respect to him, to Christ, the one who died for your healing. And if you'll just respect him and his word, God will do the work for you. I want to It's amazing. My time is just flying. I got a couple quick examples if we can just blow through them here. In 2 Kings Kings 2:23 and 25, we know that Elisha took over after Elijah. And I'm just paraphrasing this. And so Elijah was a small uh uh small not small but a new po uh prophet and uh you know we had a double portion from Elijah and you know the story and we got to speed up cuz I got more here than I thought. And those boys come out and mocked Elisha and brother Bram said it wasn't the boy's fault. He said it was because the parents at home were mocking the prophet. And he said, actually the parents at home didn't, the prophet says this multiple times. They said they didn't believe Elijah's message when he said that Elisha had been resurrected, the raptured. That's what they say. They said he didn't believe the message. And they mocked him. And I know brother Bam said dozens of times that when Elijah cursed those boys, it was not the spirit of the boys. But watch, I'm going to give you both sides of the page because a prophet said something else, too. And Elijah is a prophet. He said, "But God turned around and in Elijah, he cursed those children, God himself, because God demanded respects." So, I'm just going to show you something and you this can make you mad or just whatever it wants to. The prophet said it both ways. He said that wasn't the spirit of God that curse the boys. But here he said it was God working through Elisha and it was God that cursed them because God was mad that they didn't have respects to him. He says it right here in 58. If you can pull that up, Vicki, we need that. That's that's a Psalm. And Elisha the prophet 58 10:02 even. And God turned around and in Elijah the top row there and God in Elijah cursed those boys, the 42 of them and were killed by a bear think because they so disobedient. They were disobedient and been raised up in the wrong kind of home in the wrong schooling and made fun of God's prophet instead of respecting God's prophet. And I tell you, as you respect God's servants, you respect God. And as you respect Christ, you respect God. And now who is God major servant? Not no man here on earth. It's the Holy Ghost. And that's the one you're making fun of. That's the one the people are laughing at when you look at those people. Don't act don't don't they look act funny? Don't people act funny when the anointing of God's on them? And I believe they're a little bit crazy. When you do that, you're making fun of God. If you make fun, you know, we people would say, "Well, I don't believe in enthusiasm and I don't believe in a minister coming under the anointing enthusiasm. I just believe in just talking real normal like a teacher would teach and not show no emotion from the Holy Spirit." And brother Bam said, "That kind of religion, bury it because it's not real or alive." And he said multiple times, I forget the number, multiple times, I feel religious because he was under the anointing of the presence. And there was times even we read on Wednesday for those who come on Wednesday where the prophet got blessed in God's wilderness and ran around the tree and was like a maniac because our prophet believed in emotion. Yes, sir. And I believe in emotion. And you can dry up and die all you want. And I'll go to the mission field more often to see a guy that's got skin on it that can move. Because anything you value, you'll move for. Anything you have honor for, you'll move for. Anything you have respect for, you'll move for. That's right. But God Well, we're not here. Another quote he said, and I'm just I'm I'm going faster here. He said it was the parents didn't raise the children up to respect God. And that was in Elijah the prophet, the same message, I believe. And he went to those little kiddos and those those children that went up, they should go. He said, "And here they went down because the parents didn't believe it." But you don't mean it wasn't nothing, but I mean when you know that you're making fun of making making no profession, how can you expect your children to be righteous when you're not showing no example for them? God help us, man. So, we showed you the example of Elisha and the boys in disrespect. I want to show you another one really quick and I'm just going to go through the story and it's a huge long quote in scripture but in 2 Kings this is just exactly two chapters after in 2 Kings 4:38 uh 48-37 and we have a Shutomite woman that the same prophet went by his town. He actually left the cursing of the boys when he when the boys were cursed and was going to Mount Carmel. It was right on his way. Don't you think that that was in his thought pattern? I mean, this was like the next day he was on the trip to Mount Carmel and he passed and he had a favorite cave here. And I'm just paraphrasing what the prophet said. And he would go and pray and this Shimomite woman heard him and believed in him and believed he was a man of God and and all these things. I'm I'm trying to show you the different approach to the exact same person. And she came to her husband and and she told him said, "Listen, I believe that's a man of God and you know, well, first off, she went and fed him." Before she even asked her husband, she said, "Will you come by?" And she fed him. And then after she fed him, you know, the prophet was really thankful and she said, "You went to her husband and said, you know, God's blessed us. You know, we got a big house and it's half empty. Could Could we do something?" And and they they built a room on them and they fed them. And then on a regular basis they would feed him. He knew he could go there and then he was able to rest there. And so the the the Elisha asked the servant, he said, "What can we do for this woman?" And they called the woman up. She said, "Oh, I got everything I need. I don't need nothing." I'm paraphrasing that, but you can read that in that scripture. She said, "I just dwell among my own people, and she wasn't even the purebred lineage of the Israelites." Amen. The prophet says that, but he said she was still a believer in her heart. Yeah. Amen. And you know the story, they built the house on the the room on the house and and and she refused anything. They go, "Oh, I God's provided for me everything. I just live among my people and all this." And they and and the prophet pressured his servant. And he said, "Well, she's childless." That used to be a curse. Now it's quite popular. But he called her back in and he said, "A year from now, you'll be holding a baby." And then you know the story. But I want to just read the last paragraph of that. And she called them. This is how the lady called Elisha, a man of God. She showed her respects to a person that God was working through by calling him a man of God. and she seen God working in his life and she knew that God was in this prophet and she wanted to give respects to God. So she called his servant a man of God. And the only way she could give respects to God was respecting God's servant. And now friends, that's the way it is. And when you respect God's order and you know the boy went out with her daddy and he died in the sun and come back and you know the whole story but what I wanted to portray here was just from second Kings 2 to 2 Kings 4 is one day's journey and because of disrespect those boys were cursed and because of respect the Shudomite Great woman got a baby that even when it died still lived. Quite a different message within just a few days. Well, I mean the only reason it's more than a few days is cuz the baby was born. But the reaction to the respect given from God. Amen. This my last and I'm totally I promise I'm at the end. It's my last one. I'm going to close. This is the most dynamic and I've never seen this quote ever in studying. One thing for sure is if God wants me to study a lot, he's going to bring a lot of rain. Can really study when it rains and you still got to start a fire every day. Here's brother Brown in the perinous church age. And you know the church ages here. You'll see here here we go. He said, "Another one outstanding to me was the emperor." and he was going to kill some of God's Holy Ghost fililled people and of course he was the right hand to the bishop in the church of Rome in that time and he was actually was the pope before him was called the pope and his name was whatever it is there uh you can see it on the screen second last line you can fill in the blank and he was putting Christians to death and could not hold but to put them to death now I want to tell you here I skipped one paragraph Raph that was just brother Brown telling a story and we go to the next paragraph and St. Martin wanted to interview this man and the guard stopped him at the gates and he said St. Martin he fell on his face and laid there and prayed until God showed him to go in and then when he raised up off there he walked into them and he locked the doors and they opened themselves and walked right on. So God made a way that Martin could go right into the emperor where the guards would have kept him out in paragraph 68. And now this is history. You don't even have to believe Brother Brown. This is just not somebody writing about Martin Luther. This is just a little if anything they would have pre-uced it. He said they would have changed this and took this out. But this is not some church talking. He said, "This is actually church history, the papa church." And they wouldn't mention these things. See, cuz these are history quotes and they're truthful. We're last two paragraphs. And this man walked right out to St. Martin right there by every guard and everything else and right in front of the empire. Now this empire was killing Holy Ghost fililled Christians and the empire didn't want to show respects to God's servant. And you know that's not mannerly. And so he just turned his head and wouldn't even respect him. And you know what God did? He tried to talk to him but he just kept his head turned. And God was going to make that heathen pay respects to his servant. So he just set the thing a fire and he scorched him out of his seat to raise up and make him stand. And now this is Bible. That's Bible history. That's Nyian council. Now this is just as fresh as it gets. I just read a quote this morning where the Nyian council is every uh got a celebration of being 1700 years since they were formed. They were formed in 3:25 and were 20025. 1700 years since the church has been listening to lies of men. 19 council and they had no respects for God's servant and God had him stand up and it even scored his seat where he was sitting and the fire went through his body and scorched the bottom of the seat and he had to jump up there cuz God has a way of doing things, you know. Uh-huh. God is able for these stones to rise up, children of Abraham. And you might remember that the same God dwells among us tonight. The same God, the exact same God respects. Amen. Let's stand. Hallelujah. Amen. God is so good. Amen. We need We need respects for each other. We need respects in our families. We need respects even to our government. Even if we see we we have prophecy. We know how it's going. But it's not out of control. God's in control. And we need to have respects in the brotherhood and the sisterhood and mothers. And what a message for mothers today. If anybody deserves respects, you know, the prophet talks about a mother that she's only, you know, I don't know his exact words, but when a mother gives birth to you, she's literally hairs from death. Mothers used to die like like that before any kind of lots even the the Bibles mothers would die in birth because my own grandma died just probably you know something related very young like 52 53 because they couldn't do things bleed to death and your little kids would walk up and treat that lady less than a queen. You need a kick above the knee. Respects. As you respect your mother today, you're respecting your heavenly father. Amen. As you respect each other, we're respecting our heavenly father. Amen. And vengeance is God. He will repay. You might get healed of your leprosy, but you're going to have an awful short life like Moses's sister. You can't You can't blaspheme this word. You can't blasphe this message. You can't blasphe the people that serve this message and want to stay with this message. We're living in a day right now where people are compromising like flies because they're they're trying to, you know, and I've heard it I I preached on it years ago was, you know, people would say, he said, "You got to stay with the middle of the road." Well, what that means is you don't have to take it all. But if you don't want to take it all, then why do we take any at all? We don't take all the scriptures or all the prophet revealed by revealing the mysteries of the scriptures. Then why do we take any at all? Because we don't value. We don't value. We don't respect. Amen. Amen. God help us. God help me. Show honor and respect. Amen. Amen. As we do it to each other, it's to God's word. Now, now I'm not talking about compromise. Don't leave God's word. God's word is a separator. Brother Bram said dozens of times, more than dozens of times, probably hundreds of times, said, "I I'm forced to stay with the word if that if that makes you disrespect me." Amen. I'm sorry. But actually, no, I'm not sorry. Because if I can see where the prophet said it multiple times and the Bible throws it and it dovetales perfectly together. Amen. God help us. God help us. Amen. We show respect. You know it's the spirit strong here. I can the greatest achievement of my life or one of them. I mean, one is to serve God and to be humbly able to minister what he lays on my heart, but one was to literally take care of my dad till the day he died. My dad's chair still in our living room. I went to the bathroom with him. I showered him once or twice a day. And my oldest brother would say, "Dale, I couldn't do what you do." I said, "It was an honor, a privilege. That's my dad. Doesn't matter what happens. No matter what the mess was, that's my papa. I respect that man. He's my daddy. It was him that changed my diapers. And if he didn't change them, he paid for them. You know, remember the people you disrespect might be the people that pick your old age [Music] home. Or in another spiritual way, the people that you disrespect might be the destination that you pick eternally because through them you're disrespecting God. Amen. ble. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I was [Music] you Jesus. Please [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music]
