################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-27 - Sun. July 27, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff - Dale Langstaff.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-27
Title:    Sun. July 27, 2025 Pastor Dale Langstaff
Speaker:  Dale Langstaff
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 21m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBg5EQAOkLE
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. [Music] I his name with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his words with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has [Music] made me [Music] He has made me glad. [Music] He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Praise his name and come and dine. Master calls. Come and dine with me. Jesus has a table's prayer where the saints of God are faith. He invites his chosen people coming down his he and supplies our need to swing to with Jesus all the time. Come and find the master calling. Come and die. He made feast at Jesus table all the time. He f the multitude. Turn the water into the hungry call and now come and die. Came to land. The o Christ command for the master called to them coming down. There they found their hearts desire. Bread and fish upon the fire. The sea satisfies the hungry every time. Come and find the master call. He made me Jesus table all the time. He fed all the turn the water into ice to the hungry calling coming. [Music] Then the lamb will take his bride to his side. All the host of heaven will assemble me. will be a glorious sign for the saints. And with Jesus, they will taste eternally [Music] coming [Music] at Jesus table all the time. He multitude. Turn the water into life. To the hungry call it come and die. Amen. Praise his name. Now the lights of home. [Music] Amen. Oh my soul cries out for how long till my toiling and you call me home since I come on my home in the sky. Nothing in this world keeps me sisfied. [Music] Is that the light on all I see? Do I feel a breeze from the crystal sea? And the Lord standing high on heaven's balcony. Amen. The lights of home. It's a welcome sign to me. Things I can hear. The angels sing with arms of gold and a thousand strings. Earth holds my child. When I hear their song, [Music] my home sweet is all I see. You feel the breeze from the crystal sea. Cuz I'm the Lord standing high on heaven's balcony without the lights of me. Amen. Praise his name and he knows my name. Amen. I have a maker that formed my heart. Amen. That what a what a comfort knowing that. Amen. Praise his name. I'm a vaker before my heart before even time began. My life was in his hands. He knows my name. [Applause] [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each that falls and hears me when I come. I am a father. [Music] He calls me his own. He'll never me no matter where I go. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. I have a maker before my heart. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. For even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls. and hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, [Music] he knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. [Music] He's easy still that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. Aren't you so glad for that? Amen. He hears us when we call. Amen. That that song is a powerful powerful. Amen. And I need you more more than yesterday. Amen. [Music] I need you more. More than yesterday, I need you, Lord. More than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. More than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing. More than this next heartbeat. More than anything. Lord, as the years go by, I'll be by your side. Cuz I never want to go back to my old life. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, more than I breathe. Amen. Let's start with the first verse. Amen. I'm sorry. We're going to sing it till we get it right. Amen. Amen. I need you more, more than yesterday. I need you, Lord, more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Amen. More than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing. More than this next heartbeat. More than anything. And as the years go by, I'll be by your side. cuz I never want to go back to my old life. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need you more. More than yesterday. I need you, Lord. Amen. more than words can say. I need you more than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, more than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing, more than this next heartbeat, more than anything. And as the years go by, I'll be by your side. Cuz I never want to go back to my own life. I need you, Lord. Lord, I need you, Lord. I need you more. More than yesterday, I need you, Lord. Amen. Yes, Jesus. More than words can say, I need you, Lord. than ever before. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. More than the air I breathe. More than the song I sing, more than this next heartbeat, more than anything. And as the years go by, I'll be by your side. Cuz I never want to go back to my old life. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Amen. Praise. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord God Almighty. Amen. [Music] It's been a while since we sung this song. Anybody sing along if you know what they meant? [Music] Sorry, Amy. We got We got two different [Music] Let's just Let's sing Only Believe and we'll practice that one for camp. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe and Jesus is here at his heart. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here and Lord I receive. Lord I receive. All things are possible. Lord, I receive. All I receive. I receive. I receive. And Jesus is here. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here in your heart. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. [Music] What a joy that I get together with God's wonderful people. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Wonderful people. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord Jesus. We love you Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus for the joy to serve you Lord God. Lord, I pray that you'll portray your thoughts to these people, Lord God, that that serving God is an amazing experience. We ask Jesus, the joy of the world, be part of the family of God. We love you, Lord God. And Lord, we not just pray for this service, but Lord, we pray for camp and many people are traveling. I'm going to start picking seat belts literally at the airport on Friday in Toronto or on Wednesday, sorry. Camp started on Friday. Lord, we pray that it just be a tremendous tremendous move of your spirit as the visitors come and people that need to give their lives solely to you. Lord God, we pray that that you will really be in our midst. Lord God, we pray in a special way and be with the words that comes this morning. Your name we pray. Amen. What a joy that I wonderful people. Heat. Heat. We are happy. Praise God. God wonderful people. Hallelujah. Praise. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, Jerry. God bless you. Welcome. And just good in this house. Just many just preparing for camp. Lauren Shield were just in the last runs of the states coming preparing for camp. We got people staying at their house of camp and be sick. Brother Bernard and Sister Ruth are going friends and to bring their mom and dad back for camp. God is good. Amen. pray for the ministers and the brother just said it won't be a fellowship but it'll be God's presence. Let's turn to Psalms 51 verse 12. Excuse me. Psalms 51:12. If you haven't caught it by now, preach on the word of the Lord. Amen. Amen. Here David, after he had sinned and fell, he said, "Restore unto me the joy of my salvation, and uphold me with thy free spirit." Let's turn to first John 1 verse 4. This is a powerful powerful scripture. You know, I really I really had confirmation. I actually talked about a month ago on Wednesday night about joy and I almost doubled my message on that Wednesday night. And you know, I was in my study yesterday and I sat down to relax last night and I listened to the message the first message the brother preached of John Wednesday night on God really wants us to have joy first John 1:4 for these things right I unto you that your joy may be full now you it's up to you you can make that personal but these things I write unto you that your joy may be full. Lord Jesus, we pray that you'll bless your word and bless your people and may your spirit just feed them your heavenly mana this morning. We pray in your name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats. See you, you know, in the the family of God, the reason that we would lose our joy or if we would lose our joy or or if you're in that state, it's because of of disappointments. uh a discontentment or or or no satisfaction in Christ because we could never the Bible clearly tells us that if you put your joy in anybody, you're going to be disappointed. That's right. Everybody will let you down. If your best wife, your best husband, your kids, your angels, or whoever you think is a a celebrity or a god to you, they are going to let you down. But there's one person that won't let you down and that's Christ Jesus. And see, when we come together in fellowship, yes, it's important for us to fellowship. But more important than even our fellowship is fellowship with Christ. And if you have fellowship with Christ, if you personally this morning are locked into fellowship with Christ, it won't matter how I fall down. Amen. And it won't matter how your sister falls down. It'll make no it won't even fe you because you're not looking at your brother or your sister. Though you love them and though they're they they may have the characteristics of Christ, but you are acting on the perfection. There's no perfection in flesh. Amen. This flesh will never be perfect. I'm going to have a bad day. That's right. You base your eternal experience on my bad day. Yeah. Amen. It's going to be bad. But Christ don't have bad days. No, that's right. Amen. Watch here. And I I would just lay. It's just really good. And I want to show you people that couldn't focus on God. Couldn't f Well, well, it's just so easy to get out of your joy. You can lose it from jealousy and all these things. But let let me give you an example before I even start to preach here. here. Saul lost the joy of the joy of the Lord because the people love David. When they come back from the army, they said Saul has killed his thousands, but David his 10,000. And Saul's attitude was rough with David. Just like that. Well, they sing a special better than I could. He's a fantastic song lead singer. They got to go see. You see what I mean? See how you enjoy. And it's all because your attitude was focused on people instead of Christ. You know what I'm going to show you this morning? Christ was the savior of Saul. And Christ was the savior of David. Yeah. That's right. That's right. Amen. We're going to have many different people, denominational people and and and just wonderful family and and and uh different ones that camp. Watch how Brother Brown talks about. He said, "You know, when we come together in these union meetings and we worship God, let your heart open up, brother, to all men and say, God bless you, brother, even if the man's wrong. Don't condemn him. Help him. Help him up." And when you see a drunker or a prostitute on the street, don't point your finger and scoff and say, "I'm better than you are." The thing to do is the person is just as low as they can get now. And if anything, take your hand and lift them up to Jesus Christ, the son of God that can save them. But oh, I watch watch. Now, this is getting down right to where the rubber hits the road. And this is our prophet. He said, "Oh, but I belong to a church that we won't let such people in our churches." That's not the case here. Church is supposed to be a hospital. If we don't have six people coming in here, we're not open for business. Yeah. He said, "Oh, I belong to churches and we won't let such people in. We draw boundary lines down and we'll let certain class of people in our churches." That's right. What we need is a good oldfashioned Holy Ghost revival nationwide, which will make us all shake hands one with another and call one another brother and sister. Amen. That's right. Here in Psalms 51, we just read the one verse, but in Psalms 8, it says, "Make me hear the joy and gladness that the bones which thou has broken may rejoice and create in me, oh God, and renew the right spirit in me, and cast me not away from your presence. Take not thy holy spirit from me, and restore unto me the joy of my salvation." said, "You know, Brother Brown said multiple times, we should be the happiest people in the world." Do you know where you're spending eternity? You can't have a bad day. That's not possible. You know who your savior is? You know who your Lord is. You know who's promised to supply all your needs according to his riches and glory? That's right. Amen. Half the world don't know that. He said here in the message why he said now people we want to renew the joy of our salvation and you that somewhere that you've lost your joy back that you did. He said you did you neglected prayer reading. You neglected reading your Bible. You ne neglected praying in your home and asking for the blessing at the table. He said don't ever do that. He said oh my. He said, "So on becoming to Christians, no matter where you are, bow your head and pray. Don't be ashamed of Christ. Pray anywhere. See if ever where you are left your joy or whatever weeded it out, what a root of bitterness has come in." And remember when men is saved this much, he this is a beautiful paragraph. I said remember when a man saved this much he said it's like a button and it becomes eternal life in your heart that's God this button and as you're able to push out all the roots of bitterness then God begins to spread in you and then you become a son of God because the God button spreads in you Yeah. And it pushes out all the bitterness. That's right. And you become a son of God. I, you know, we're going to look and and we're going to go fast through some of this. I want to get to the end. But first John here, our first scripture we read first John 1 three. I want to watch this. You know, here here we're talking that he said that which we have seen. Here's Paul talking or or John, I mean, sorry. here. This is what we've seen and heard and we declare unto you that we also may have fellowship with us. And truly th this the end of this first verse three, the end of this verse is what I'm trying if you catch this part, you've caught the message. You know, I believe in fellowshipping together. But it's only because we have one union and that's Christ. Amen. We have one purpose and that's Christ. But watch how the end of verse three writes. He said, "Truly our fellowship is with the father." I think that's good to repeat. Truly, our fellowship is with Christ. You know, it won't matter what happens in church if you come to church and your fellowship is with the father. Yeah. I mean, I I mean, it'll be on the word, but I'm saying I'm saying as far as the flesh goes, won't matter if the church is hot, won't matter if it's cold. Won't matter if you had a flat tire on the way. Won't matter if we sang a song wrong. That's right. Amen. And truly, our fellowship is with the father and with his son, Jesus Christ. And these things I write unto you that your joy may be full. I want, you know, every message believer should hear this. If you're unhappy today, it's because you've lost fellowship with Christ. God taught us that you don't, you know, a believer don't backslide. They come out of fellowship. And if you're sad, if you're disappointed in this church this morning, it's not because you're brothers and sisters, because you're not fellowshipping on Christ. You don't have the joy of Christ. And the Bible's loaded with joy. Go. God never made a family to be depressed. Amen. God don't have no downer pills or no depression pills. Psalms 18, I'm going to go through some scriptures, but Psalms 18:24, this is the day that the Lord hath made. We will rejoice and be glad in it. That's right. And here the prophet says the greatest power of he said, but our strength is the joy of the Lord is our strength. Hebrews 12:2, looking on to Jesus. You notice it never said looking on to the preacher. Amen. Do you notice it never said looking on to your sister that is busy raising her family? Amen. You notice it never said looking on to the deacons that are doing a fantastic job. Amen. Says, "Looking on to Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despised the shame and is set down at the right hand, the throne of God." Here's Jesus. And you know why? When you look at the Godhead, you know, Christ is the anointed one. The meaning of Christ is the anointed one. And God is a spirit. And we know that there's only one God spirit. God is a spirit. Those that worship him must worship him in spirit and truth. But you know when David was going to the cross d or sorry when Jesus was going to the cross in his flesh he did not want to die. That's why he prayed twice. He said father if it's possible take this cup from this flesh but nevertheless thy will be done. God. He s Jesus in the flesh surrendered his flesh will because of the joy of fellowship with Jehovah. Amen. And Jehovah was right in that flesh. That's amazing. You know when Jesus was praying in the garden, you know, we we don't believe in free God. Anything that's got more than one head is pagan. When Jesus was praying in the garden, who was he praying to? He prayed to himself. The father, the spirit, the father was he was the fullness of the godhead. Dwel inside. If you're here this morning and you have the baptism of the Holy Ghost and you you're praying, you're doing your family devotions at home or you're in your prayer closet and you're praying or you come to prayer me or wherever you prayed. If you're driving down the road or driving a tractor and you're praying to your heavenly father, who are you praying to? The heavenly father that's inside you. Cuz you it's it's not me that liveth, but him that liveth in me. Yeah, that's right. Amen. You don't have to look at a far away God. The father away God. He's right inside you. I'm packing him. I brought him with me this morning. We woke up together. Actually, I shouldn't say that. I woke up. He was already awake. Amen. Amen. Watch this here. Isaiah the prophet in in the Bible here, you know, he was so influenced by King Uzziah. And King Uzziah fell later in his life. King Uzziah was a great king. Did what God loved. And he got high and lifted up. He got proud and religious. He got that God had blessed everything he touched. He could do anything and not be sin. And God called King Uzziah, he died. And it so shook the prophet Isaiah that he ran to the tabernacle. And in Isaiah 6:1 talks about King Uzziah died and and Isaiah ran to the tab tabernacle and he fell in a vision because he was a prophet and he saw and he said, "I saw the Lord sitting on the throne high and lifted up and his train filled the temple and above it stood the seraps and each one with six wings and with plain he covered his face and with twain he covered his feet with twain he did fly and one cried unto the other saying, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God of host. The whole is full of his glory. And the doorpost of the church moved at the voice of him that crith and the house was filled with smoke. And then here King Isiah or Isaiah came back the prophet and said, "Woe is me for I am undone." Watch what the prophet was admitting. He was saying, "I had my eyes on King Uzziah too much. He said then he said I woe is me for I am undone because I am a man of unclean lips and I dwell in the midst of people of unclean lips but mine eyes have seen the king the Lord of hosts. You know whenever we get a relationship and you have when you've had a relationship and an encounterment with the Lord of hosts you're never the same. That's right. Moses was never the same Moses. That's right. After the burning bush, when you get an encounter with cracks, all this other stuff, all the dog barking and the cat meowing and and all this stuff, it just kind of falls away. That's right, sir. Just kind of falls away. Amen. We We have to We have to we have to train I believe we have to train our bodies our flesh mind to come in submission to the spirit of God. I want to give you an example and this just just literally one moment came to me. You know this week we were doing some farming and Esther was helping me and we were spreading cattle and we had a catastrophe happen. She come back and she did not bring good news at all. It looked like I could head to the scrap pile with what we were doing our farm and I thought wow and you know just almost in an instance what really doesn't matter something will happen. I mean, you know, you could have went into great depression and said, "Oh, it's going to cost me all kinds of money, and why me, Lord, and why did this happen?" And, you know, time I got the house, I said, "Lord, church, it doesn't really matter to me. You want to fix it or keep it or change it? It makes no difference to me. If you don't want the miners, we'll just leave it in the bottle." Amen. See that children of God aren't supposed to lose it because your car blows up and overheats you. Maybe God don't want you driving that car. Maybe he's got a better car for you or no car at all. Maybe he's got a better bike. You lose weight like Proverbs 17:22. A merry heart does good medicine. Yes. Amen. And a broken spirit dryth the bones. Wonder why health is at an alltime low? is because people ain't got the joy of the Lord in their strength. That's right. That see they got their eyes. Yes, the world's falling apart. But you know what? God is still our Lord. That's right. Amen. A merry heart. You know what? You could just have an accident just well. Wow. It could have been worse. I didn't like this car anyway. I didn't like how the seats sat or something. You might as well say that. Amen. Here the prophet says why we should be the h the message forsaking we should be the happiest people in the world. You know everybody wants people that are happy. You know it's amazing. I I've had neighbors and people reach out to me. I I you know just this week the people across the road they sent me pictures and videos and her husband was over here blowing the leaves off the the sidewalk and the ramp and thought I should get over here with the spray and start spraying the weeds and I and he was taking care of the property for me and they were just having a hilarious time. But we're the believers. Amen. Amen. They were just happy to be happy. They were happy to be on. Do you know that they're happy because we're across the street from them? They told us. But are you happy that you can come here? Do you see the difference? You know, I had a you know, I told you I don't think I shared I shared we had some some friends that are coming to camp and and they've only been here one time and most of you weren't here cuz most people close churches. It was just a terrible snowstorm. It was in the winter time and they came to my birthday party and then they came back one time and and we've been kind of connected with them and when they came, you know, we we showed them a video of of many TV evangelists that were in the prophets meetings and testified of the of the power of God that was in his life. And so I sent him home with God sends the prophet to Africa, the book. God sends the prophet to Africa, the book. Don't put your hands up. Who's read it? Amen. You know what he sent me back? He sent me a great big long text. He said, "I couldn't put the book down." He said, "Wow, that was a modern day Elijah." He name He named people that their ministry came out of Brother Bram's ministries. Okay, this is somebody you ain't seen in the church. Watch out. You're going to see him at camp. This is somebody that wanted three posters for camp to take back and give to his Pentecost church, invite them all to camp. He sent me in the text. He said, you know, we can't wait to see you for camp. And he said, if you need help setting up, we'll be there. You know what that is? That's one word, joy. That's joy. But you would believe if they come in here that you have more than him because you have the open book. But do you have joy? If you have the open book, you must have joy. Amen. If all the mysteries are revealed to you, how can you not be joyful? That's right. A Christian don't have one thing to worry about. Their prophet talking to him, they should be the most freest, happiest people in the world. He said, don't look down and be wary. He said, why you should be the most happiest people. He said, what do you got to fear about? why you should be the freest and happiest anywhere. These are just one lines out of multiple quotes. He said, "Now, you don't know that the same God that did all these things right here to you tonight." He said, "I think we should be the happiest people in the world." Psalms 28:7, I'm just trying to go fast here, go through some of this to get to the end. Psalms 28:7, "The Lord is my strength and my shield. My heart trusteth in him and I am helped. Therefore, my heart greatly rejoices. Your heart greatly rejoices. Wow. You know, I I'm going to tell you a sad report. You know, most of the time when I get a happy message, it's from somebody outside the church. Most of the time I get a another kind of a message is people inside the church that aren't happy. They're not joyful, but they're converted. They're message believers. They have the open book. The revelations are revealed. You know, we're never all we're never all going to understand the word of God exactly the same. We're never going to see the mysteries even though they're revealed. And you're never going to have the exact same doctrine of the word of God exactly the same as each other ever in the flesh. In the flesh. It'll never happen because you were raised in different countries by different parents, in different environments, in the town, in the country and things and different nationalities and all this and your mom and dad put stuff in you when you were small that you you can't get away from or or things like that. And so in the flesh, why would we fight over petty things? That's right. Amen. We believe that God came down in our day and revealed himself like never before. We can agree upon that. Amen. Isaiah 65:17-19. Behold, I create a new heaven and a new earth. And the former shall not reme remember, nor shall come into mind. But be ye glad and rejoice ever in that which I have created. For behold, I create Jerusalem a rejoicing and her people rejoice. And I will rejoice in Jerusalem and in the joy of my people. Now, this is Old Testament. You know, if you know your Bible, Isaiah, the book of Isaiah is the same amount of books as every book in the Bible. And every chapter of Isaiah is like a book in the Bible because Isaiah writes a whole history in the Bible. So, this is the end of Isaiah. And God's talking about his bride. Yeah. In the Old Testament. And he said, "But you shall be glad and rejoice. because I created all of you and behold I created the Holy Ghost. Jerusalem is a type of the Holy Ghost and rejoicing and her people shall be joy because they they they have the infilling of God and I will rejoice with you and in the joy of my people and the voice of weeping shall no more be heard and heard nor the voice of crying. Amen. Wow. We know that the scripture says that a righteous man, the footsteps of a righteous man are ordered of the Lord. All things work together for good. That's right. To them that love God. Amen. Your what you what would take away your joy? Maybe a trial in your life could be leading you to another person that you wouldn't have met to witness to them. That's right. You see somebody you would have never met. Unless you'd had that trial. Let me give you an example. I just told you about what happened to us. So I took our spreader to the park service and he come out to look at it and two of the neighbor men came in and they were paying their bill. And they were watching my spirit at how I was dealing with a big boo boo, a really big boo boo. And I cracked a joke when I left. I said, "Mike, I'll try to grow enough soybeans to pay my bill when you get done." And they all bursted out laughing. Do you know God might have made that boo boo just so those two neighbors could have seen a man of God in the flesh not cussing and swearing losing his temper at a big boo boo and could make a joke and everybody bursted out laughing and you thought that you weren't in God's will. You thought God he loved you so perfectly he gave you that trial. See? See how God sees the beginning from the end. That's right. Amen. Amen. Amen. God help us. The six-fold purpose of God. Be glad and rejoice. The joy of the people that her people were joy. What is the anointing? What is the anointing of God? Here's the prophet saying it's the joy of the Lord. The king is on the throne. The royal majesty of the throne, eternal, the eternal throne, the eternal people and the eternal joy and the eternal city. Oh my. Here's another one is the falling away. He said, "The L the the joy of the Lord is my strength." And we come with joyful hearts and we have the privilege. Oh, wait a minute now. Wait a minute. We have the privilege of coming together in the presence of God. to ask any petition that we would desire and the joy comes that we can look into the open word. Amazing. God help us. We should just be happy. Amen. Philippians 4 I mean these are Bible. These are scriptures I'm giving you. Philippians 4 10-11. But I rejoice in the Lord greatly. And ain't that something? You know, you know the prophet said, you know, if if we had the right joy of the Lord in our heart, he said, you wouldn't be able to keep people away from the doors when it was open. David said, I was glad when they said on to me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Church is open. We have a service. Can't wait to get there. Romans 8 31 and 32 common scriptures and we're just coming down to some examples in the Bible. What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who can be against us? He that spared not his own son, but delivered him up for us all. How shall he not with him also freely give us all things? Christ is telling you he will give you all things. But you're struggling with joy. Wow. Psalms 37:23 and 24. The steps of a good man are ordered of the Lord, and he delightth in his way. And though he fall, he shall not utterly be cast out. For the Lord upholdeth him with his hand. Amen. Amen. We're just We got I got a couple examples and some quotes here I want to show you. He said, "No wonder the mountains jumped for joy on that day. No wonder the sun hit its face and screamed for joy. No wonder all of nature broke loose and the wind shook the trees until they shook and shook for joy and jumped when they seen that Jesus on the mountain redeemed every name that was in the book and said, "It is finished and we're freed from the world and the things of the world and the joy of the Lord has filled the congregation." And they shouted and screamed and cried. They shouted at the top of their lungs. They said, "For the glory of God, I never did see anything disorderly about it." Here's the prophet talking about people worshiping under the presence of God. They were always in the right order because they were recognizing that the lamb, their name was on the lamb's book of life. Amen. And why it had to be shepherds or why sorry why does God's people want to stay home? He said because there's no joy in the house of the Lord. He said, "What makes a person want to drink, run around, act like that? Is it because we don't have any God? Is it because there's no joy in the house of the Lord anymore? Is it because the Holy Spirit isn't really ready to bless all of us? Is there anything wrong with it? But because that we do it, the reason that we're cursed and the reason that God put this thing upon the church, this cold dampness, is we're going to other places for pleasure. Instead of coming to the house of God for pleasure, the house of the Lord is the joy of the Lord. The joy of the not just the house but your life is the joy of the Lord. The joy of the Lord is of the of his people and you wanted to come and be together and be happy. Watch what this is the prophet still. and be happy and be satisfied, giving praise and honor and glory and wisdom and might and power to God. He wants you to do that. God wants you to be so happy that you're stoned drunk in the spirit. That's right. Amen. So happy. Look, when those 3,000 were added to the tabernacle or they come out of the upper room and they had the baptism of the Holy Ghost, they said, "You've been drinking." Peter said, "No, this is that Joel the prophet talked to Amen. God help us." God help us. Here in Nehemiah, the Old Testament, it talks about the the ministry bringing the people together to worship the Lord and bow their faces before the ground. And Nehemiah 8 and let's just jump to nine. And and this holy day, this is a holy day unto the Lord your God. Mourn not nor weep, for all the people wept when they heard the words of the law law. Verse 10. And then he said unto them, go your way and eat the fat and drink the sweet and set portions before them for the joy of the Lord is your strength. And so the Levites stilled the people, saying, "Hold their peace, for the day is holy, neither be ye grieved." And all the people went thy way, and drunk, and ate portions, and made a great minor minor. And the word minor means cheerful, laughed, high spirits, joyful, or light-hearted. The people were all lighthearted and laughing and joyful because they had understood the words that were declared onto them by the prophet. Amen. We're never going to get to heaven and say somebody took and blame somebody else because they took the joy of the Lord from you. You're going to say, "Well, I had a terrible marriage, so I'm not joyful. I had a terrible church, so I'm not joyful. Or I had a terrible this that'll never work is because God God has to be number one in our life. And all these other things are side pieces to build your character. And are you really dedicated to Jehovah? Amen. Our strength is the joy of the Lord, get away the telling the Satan and the devils, get away from them. Cut them with the word. Watch Hebrews 12:14 here 14 to 17. Hebrews 12. He said, "Follow peace with all men in holiness, without which no man shall see God." Wow. Looking diligently, lest any man fail of the grace of God, and lest any root of bitterness would spring up and trouble you, whereby you would be defiled. The only way a root of bitterness can spring up is if your joy is gone. They c they can't grow in the same garden together. That's right. One kills the other. Amen. God help us here in the Christ the mystery of God revealed here a prophet says you know he said if a brother if you think he's a little wrong or sister you say Lord don't let me ever have a root of bitterness spring up because it will affect him and it will take Christ right out of my life that poison aids malice and jealousy and hatred and it'll kill the holy spirit take it right away from you and it'll run him out of the tabernacle and it'll kill the spirit of God and drive it away from here. It'll hurt your pastor and it'll do everything. See, don't you do that. Just wax closer together and draw up. Take the buckle and testify. Amen. Put on the whole armor of God. Tighten up the buckle and come closer together. Love one another. Tell nice things one to another. Amen. Isaiah or Ephesians, sorry. Ephesians 4:29. Ephesians 4:29. Let no corruption, corrupt communication proceed out of thy mouth. Amen. But that which is good to be used of edifying. Yes. Help us. That would get rid of all complaining. Kids were noisy. They distracted me. A car went by to the torren. The train crossed through town a lot. Let all corrupt communication, let no corrupt communication proceed out of thy mouth, but that which is good to be used for edification, that it may minister grace to the hearer, and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby ye are sealed unto the day of your redemption. And verse 31, and let all bitterness and all wrath and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you. Amen. With all malice, and be ye kind. Wow. Tenderhearted, forgiving one another, even as God for Christ's sake, has forgiven you. Amazing. Amen. We already shared with you one of our examples. of Saul how he was wroth with David because actually that's in 1st Samuel 18:8 and Saul was very wroth and saying it displeased him because people praised David my amazing amen you know we can look in 2 Chronicles 18 and just I'll tell you the story in the Bible but here Jehosa at was part of the leader of of Jordan and and the king Ahab was the leader of Israel and Josh Jehoshaphat came down to Ahab and they should have had no fellowship because Ahab was a wicked king Jezebel. Amen. Very wicked. But here, you know, here in the first verse of this chapter talks about how Ahab had tried to woo uh Jehoshaphat into him and and and and put a big feast on and partied with him and and tried to get him on his side. And they were going out to war together. And the king had asked Ahab, the king had Josh had asked for the prophets to find out if God would go with them. And Ahab had 400 prophets that testified that God was with them. You know the story better than me, many it's it's an old story. And you know, we know that a prophet talked about that God had actually sent a lying spirit down in those 400 prophets. But what I want to get to here, this part, and Jehoshaphat knew in his soul that there was something wrong. He had no business fellowshipping with unbelief. That's right. Josh 5 asked King Ahab. He said, "Is there anyone else that I can ask?" He said, "Yeah, well, there's one more prophet, but I hate him." Wait a minute. He didn't even wait to hear his message. Said, "There's one more, but I hate him." You see, he never had no joy. His joy was gone. His his his conclusion was already made. See how Jehoshaphat was a believer and he was asking Ahab was a makeeliever, a non-believer, and but see how there was no joy in the Lord in his tone because his eyes was fixated on men. that had told him different things. Amen. God help us. We see the same thing in the garden where where Cain and you know Cain brought his sacrifice and Abel and God rejected God had respects Abel's sacrifice and refused Cain and Cain. The Bible says Cain's heart was wrought immediately. And God said why are you wroth? If you do what's right, you'll be accepted. But he couldn't do what was right. He couldn't do what was right because his daddy was the wicked one. Amen. You know what we have here? And I'm going to read my last quote. I think I'm going to finish. I have many other quotes. I might read a couple. But what you see here is this is what we have is in our churches. We have Pharisees. We have Pharisees in the message and they're only here to belittle the true believer. Now, I have a quote from the prophet. I know you'll love to hear. He said, "I want to take a subject on taking sides with Jesus." And and I wish we could put it up there. I have this quote if you'd like to. Anybody want it sent to him? Vicki is not here. She put it up there. The Pharisees were leaders in Jesus day and they tried to to belittle him before the people and that was just the way that the devil had to do the working. All the Pharisees and the teachers of his day constantly tried to belittle Jesus and they would throw off and they could give him and they they would all throw off that they could give him and done it and they watched Jesus constantly trying to find out where they could find Paul. See, that's what the that's what the the Pharisees do in a church is they don't come to they don't come to church to have their eyes on Jesus. They come to church to see where can I find fault. I there's something wrong here and my purpose in the bride of Christ is just to point out the blame. That's what the Pharisees thought. Watch what the prophet said here. He said they watched Jesus constantly to find out if they could find fault. And they never spoke of his good things. They were always finding something that they could belittle Jesus about and say, "You see, look at here. If he's a man of God, he wouldn't have done it this way. Or if he was a man of God, he wouldn't do it this way." And they were trying to cast a shadow on Jesus and get the people to disbelieve him. And that was the work of the devil. And that's the old schedule that never ceases. Uh oh. See, we still got Pharisees in the church. There's many times that a minister will get up and will make a mistake. This is paragraph 130. I can give you the message here in a second. And if he comes to the into a neighborhood, a precious brother, and he's trying to do what's right and lead the people to the right, and everything that the devil can point the finger to the unbeliever or a so-called Christian in the neighborhood to throw that man off, he'll do it. Here he's saying that Satan will there will be a real man of God come in the neighborhood and Satan will point out to the makeelievers and the sinners. He's not real. Watch him. He said, you know, a real Christian way is to hide everything you can from a brother. Don't tell his bad things. Just tell his good things. Just tell what you know was good about him. And if anything is bad, let it alone. The poor fellow's already got enough against him anyhow. Don't try to take a pole and shove the man down farther into the ditch. The Christian attitude is to pick him up and take him out of the ditch and say, "I never did shove you down. He's down already." Try to help him. And many of us today, too many of the people today, I might say, would try to do that if they could just find something another that they could say that was real bad about the person. Wow. See, spirits don't die. Brother Brandham understood them perfectly in his day. And now, for instance, if one of you brethren would make a mistake or do something wrong, which you're subject to do, watch, this is a real man of God, and I am too. This is the prophet. Every one of us. But as we go along, let us remember that we are brothers. We are brothers. And if we got any fighting, let's fight with one another. Bring it together. Let's not fight with one another. bring it together before the brethren as settle it. But Jesus, I just skipped the two paragraphs there and I'm just still reading 134. But Jesus, they just tried to find every shadow they could to try to belittle Jesus in the sight of the people. That is an evil spirit. That's an evil spirit. And that's what the devil wants. They want to hurt your influence before the people. And that's the way you want to watch carefully what you do. Walk like a real man of God. Talk like a man of God. And act like a man of God. Because the devil, your adversary, is going about like a roaring lion seeking who he can devour. And you know who he's going about seeking who he can devour in? The makeeliever. Why did they do this? Why didn't the Pharisees do this? They were jealous of Jesus. That was what the reason was. They tried to belittle Jesus. They were jealous of his ministry. That's the reason they tried belitting him. Well, he had the ministry of God. They knew that. But it was contrary to their own personal ideas or their own personal creeds. So they tried belittling Jesus to make everything everything a little flaw that they could find to get him out of the way. They wanted Jesus to quit and they wanted the people to denounce him. Wow. Where's the joy? A premeditated attitude to break somebody down. Amen. the the joy of the Lord. You know, you know, the Bible says we work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. It don't matter if your brother or sister's wrong to you personally. God will not hold you responsible for your brother or sister coming in this church and maybe be truly wrong. They'll answer for their own deeds, but God will judge yours and say, "How joyful were you? How kind for you. You know, the world's looking for somebody that's joyful. These neighbors across the road want somebody that's going to be joyful and happy. Tell them a joke. They don't want to hear all the problems. They want happiness. Amen. God help us. God help us. He said, I I I'm just going here just a bit if you forgive me. He said, well, more than a disgrace to Jesus Christ, it's the church in disunityity, and it's before the coming of the Lord. They're losing and they're becoming of the Antichrist spirit on earth. And here we are. We separate by church barriers. Well, I'm a oneness. Well, I believe in the church order. Well, I believe the grace is over. And that's a lie. It's not over. Well, I believe that. And it here he goes. He says, he said, "And what are you anyhow?" He said, "That's right. What are any of us? nothing but what God would let us be and it's all the grace of God. So let us look to him and praise him and associate with our brother. He's talking about even if somebody has a difference of opinion, we can't even get groceries in the same store together. That's that's that's messed up. And if your brother's in there, don't push them down. He's as far as he wants. Now, this is another example. He said, "Try to lift him up." He said, "Love him no matter what." He said, "If you can't agree with him, just love them anyhow." Amen. Don't try to change them. There's people you're never going to change them, but you can still be kind to them. Amen. Don't you know which is which or where? He said, "I can as long as you're Christian. As long as you love God, I love you." He's talking about even if you were a non-believer or or weren't a Christian, he said, "I love you." And if you don't love the Lord, I love you anyhow. So, I want you to do I want you to do what? When you meet one another in the street, just be the greatest fellowship and friendship and joy with one another. And if you'll break down these barriers, You can get the joy of the Lord back in your in your body. Amen. Back in your soul. Amen. God, help us. God, help us. Amen. It's not our job to change people's doctrine. It's our job to be kind. It's our job to be happy that God has shown us the revelation of himself. Amen. And if you're happy, just just for a moment, just set aside all the people that are around you in your life. If you're beside yourself because you know who you are in Christ and you know that he not just only called you but predestinated and elected you and he's already he's already Romans 8:32, he's already glorified you in Christ's mind. You're already glorified. Amen. You should be bubbled with joy and the world would have a traffic jam trying to get around you. Amen. Because the world's looking for something that they don't have. They don't have security. They don't have salvation. Amen. They definitely don't have the joy of the Lord. And God never intended his family to lose their joy because they had their eyes on each other. Amen. If you look at what God did for all of us. Wow. Amazing. The joy that was set before him, he endured shame. Amen. All these things for me. For me, the joy of the Lord, the joy of the Lord is your strength. Do you know, do you know you will actually be stronger? Like the Bible says the joyful heart is like medicine. Amen. Depression will actually kill you. The Bible says the fear the men's heart will fail them for fear. it your your attitude and your your Christian domain and your spirit that's around you will actually affect your physical body. God help us. God help us to be happy. Just be happy. Amen. I'm you know if you're a witness say I'm serving the Lord and Jesus is my king and I'm happy about it. Amen. If the other person chooses not to, that's fine. This is where I go to church and these are the people I fellowship with and I'm happy about it. This is my family and I'm joyful. I'm happy with my family. This is where God planted me in Canada and Ontario and Wyoming and I'm happy he put me here. If God wanted you somewhere else, he would have put you somewhere else. Amen. God help us. Let's stand. Amen. Hallelujah. Joy of the Lord. Amen. Amen. I I just want to close with this. You the joy. He'll keep your joy if you keep your eyes on Christ. Amen. But if you look to brother Dale, Satan will show you something. Yeah. That'll make you sad. That's right. He will. He'll make you He said, "Oh, you know, I I don't think he should And you need to recognize that that's the devil. That's right. That's the devil. And you could you could talk back to the devil. Say, "Now, Satan, that brother Dale is my brother, but I'm not watching him. I'm watching the Lord." I'm watching the Lord. Amen. God help us. God help us. It's very, very simple, simple message, but you know, we we need to change. You know, we're peculiar people. Amen. And the world needs to recognize our joy. That'll be one of the first things they recognize is our joy. Amen. The joy of the Lord. And you you can't lose your joy. You can't lose eternal joy based on earthly circumstances. That's right. If you have no money in the bank, that don't affect your That don't affect your eternal joy. If you just had a car accident, that don't affect your eternal You're still glorified in God's eyes. Amen. If if one of your kids, God forbid, they get sick or even die, you still have eternal, you're already glorified in God's eyes. That joymen God help us. Amen. Let's sing that song we were before. Amen. Amen. I love this one. Thrill that I feel together. God [Music] [Applause] praising God. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. praising all the happy days. Praising God [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] may My king Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
