################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - Sun. June 15, 2025 Bro. Henry Jacks Jr. - Henry Jacks Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    Sun. June 15, 2025 Bro. Henry Jacks Jr.
Speaker: Henry Jacks Jr
Church:   Harvest Time Bride Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bd0rxK9DKOw
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
returning for you and me. [Applause] Oh, I've been watching and I've been waiting just now. His face I'll see each time I stop and take the time to look around me appearing everywhere. Things he said would come to pass are now before us. There feel a strange excitement in the air. Yeah. Heat. Just his face I see. There's a longing in my heart for his appearing. I leave behind these trials here for this journey has been so much closer. Yeah. Heat. I' been watching and I' been waiting his face I see. [Music] Amen. Praise his name. Just any day now his face will see. Amen. And let's sing um the name of the Lord is a strong tower. [Music] The name of the Lord is a strong righteous running. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. The righteous I blessed be the name of Heat. Heat. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Amen. Blessed be his name. Amen. Amen. It's good to be in his house this morning. just welcome each one of you and just a special welcome to our fathers this morning. Just uh just love and appreciate you and just uh just it's good to good to have a father and just to be in his house and know who our heavenly father is. Amen. It's just uh Amen. And we do have uh we do have one prayer request this morning. Um Sister Cindy is uh in the in the hospital I believe with pneumonia. So just uh just uh our prayers go out to her there. Amen. And just uh Amen. And I do have a I do have a testimony I want to share. You know, it's uh you know, we we bring our needs to the Lord and we should, but it's good to also praise him when good things, you know, come our way, you know, and uh too too often we just let them slip by and and uh keep it to ourselves. Amen. But we just uh we've been doing a lot of hay this week and we've just had a good a good safe week. But uh but I have a spot where uh I've been cutting hay now for three years and the f the folks that own it, they uh they just mow the hay down to feed the deer. They keep the keep the grass fresh, you know. And so I uh I've been cutting a couple spots here, you know, for a couple years now. And and uh so there's some more and I had to talk to somebody else and this and that. And so we, you know, this year, you know, we're we're up to quite a bit that we've just mowed for, you know, we feed it to the cows and it's just free. And, you know, uh, so they, I talked to them last year. We got some more of it. And, uh, this year they, you know, they, I guess the the right hand didn't know what the left hand was doing. And they mowed a whole bunch of it, like half of it for me. And then I raked it, you know, and it just the guys that are, you know, we're doing a lot of it green cuz it's just raining quite a bit right now. So, we're just wrapping and the guys that are helping me, they're like, "Well, you know, where's the like the the what's good luck charm do you have?" You know, but it's just it's not it's not good luck. It's, you know, it's God's grace and mercy and you know, it's just uh you know, the world they they have a different opinion of that than but uh you know, you just see the Lord move and stuff like that. You know, as if it wasn't a good enough deal that I get it for free. Well, they're mowing half of it for me, too, you know. So, you know, we just praise him and thank him, and it's just uh it's just his goodness and mercy. Amen. And amen. We'll ask brother Jim to come and just open a word of prayer and just uh remember sister Cindy. Amen. Oh, amen. Yes. your your your his testimony reminds me in the scripture the Bible says cast your bread upon the water and it'll come back. Yes. And what I I think I don't know the whole story behind that and that but I I'm thinking you must have done something to reap the benefits. That's right. So you're reaping the benefits now. Amen. So it'll come back. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for your blessings, for your mercy, for your grace. Yes. Lord, we come gathered together in your presence according to your word in your name. We come assemble together, Lord, to hear from you. Jesus, our prophet, the pro, your prophet said that the reason we come to church is to hear to have fellowship with you, to hear and to come worship you. uh not to not so much to have fellowship with one another but to to come before you in your presence and Lord that we we desire that in our hearts Lord help each and everyone Lord we're a needy people Lord we make mistakes prophet even himself said that he made mistakes every day and Lord we're the same Lord in these flesh this flesh these bodies that we live in Father they come from the the dust of the earth Lord as you know Lord God, you know all things, but you're a merciful God. You're you provide for your people, Lord God. And that's what your word says. And we claim that word this morning. We're all a needy people. We have all needs. Uh some for touching the body, whatever it is, Lord God. Lord, we just pray that you meet each and every one of our needs, Lord. Remember your little bride all over the world. Persecutions on the rise, Lord. We know these things are supposed to happen. It's prophesied, Lord God, according to your word and your prophets said it would come. Hard times would come, Lord. We know you're a deliverer. You're a redeemer. You're a healer, your savior, Lord God. And we, Lord, rely on you today, Lord. Be with the ministering of the word, the song leader, the musicians. Thank you, the the worship service. Father, may you receive it unto you yourself, Lord, as a sweet smelling savor, Lord. Yes. And Lord be with brother uh Junior as he brings the word with your anointing rest on him. And Lord have your holy spirit move upon each and every one of us Lord and just bring that word to our hearts to our souls. We commit everything into your hands in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. and uh victory is mine. When I woke up this morning, I didn't have no doubt. I knew that the Lord would bring me out. I got down on my knees. I said, "Lord, help me, please." I got to sing and shine the victory. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise his name. And there's something in my soul like a stream running down. Amen. There's something in my soul like a stream running down. It makes me feel so happy as happy as can be. When I think of Jesus and what he's done for me, Heat. Heat. Something [Music] in my soul like a stream running Heat. Heat. I said something. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] There something in my soul. Yes, there's something more than gold. [Music] Praise his name. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. Amen. The more that I surrender, the lighter I [Music] release my case, the more he takes control. The more that I can myself every day I love you more and it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling No more wavering or wondering. I'm standing on solid ground. And I know I'm headed to my future home. And the voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. I release my car, the more it takes control. The more that I can myself, the more you lift me up. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Amen. and praise his name. Amen. You can have your seats. And dad's just got a song he's going to bring. Amen. God bless you saints. And we want to wish the fathers a happy Father's Day. And no, I'm not going to sing cuz I haven't got a voice. But I had a sister from Ottawa send me a Father's Day song and she said, "This is a special blessing from you to me and I want to share it with you this morning." Amen. [Music] Can you put the picture up? Daddy hold my hand so tight like Jesus in the darkest night. Your gentle love so strong and true. A gift from God I see in you. [Music] Daddy, your love is like heaven. A light that shines so bright and true, just like the father's endless blessing. I thank the Lord for giving me you. [Music] When I'm afraid, you calm my fears. You lift me up and wipe my tears. Your prayers are always that help me soar. God's love shines through forever more. Death love is like heaven. [Music] The light shines so bright and true just like the father's endless blessing. I thank the Lord for giving me. You teach me kindness, faith, and grace. I see God's love in your embrace. I'll love you daddy every day with God's heart leading all. [Music] Daddy, your love is like heaven. A light that shines so bright and true, just like the father's sinless blessing. I thank the Lord for giving me you. Amen. Amen. I personally had a wonderful earthly father and I am today greatly because of my earthly father. It's not hard to believe how great our heavenly father is when God can make an earthly father like he made my daddy. Amen. God bless you. We love you. Just be good to have brother Junior minister for us this morning. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. That that was beautiful. Amen. Amen. Praise his name. Amen. Um the king is coming. [Music] Sorry. Sorry. I want to sing. I want sing Majesty first. Sorry. Majesty. [Music] Worship his majesty. Amen. Yes. Jesus. To Jesus be all glory, honor, and praise. [Music] Majesty [Music] is Heat. Heat. [Music] Glory Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Oh majesty worship his majesty unto Jesus be our glory honor and praise me majesty Hey, [Applause] son. Lift up my eyes. The name of Jesus. magnify glorify Christ Jesus the kingsty [Applause] [Music] worship his majesty Jesus tonight glorify king of all kings [Applause] [Music] Amen. Praise his name. The King is coming. The King is coming. I just heard the trumpet sound and now his face I see. Amen. The King is coming. The King is coming. I just heard the trumpet sounding and now his face I sing. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He's coming. The king is coming. Praise God. He is coming for me. [Music] The king is coming. The king is coming. I just heard the trumpet sounding and now his face I see. The king is coming. The king is coming. Praise God. He is coming for me. The king is coming. [Music] Hallelujah. The king is coming for me. One more time. The king is coming. The king is coming. Hallelujah. [Music] And now his face I see the king is calling. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Lord. God is calling for me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Just lift those hands and praise him. The king is coming. Hallelujah. And we're glad that we're in a season when the the Bible said that the son of man shall come in clouds with great power. Hallelujah. And glory. Can I say that we're in this season? The son of man. Thank you, Jesus. It's coming in the cloud. And I believe that he's already come in the cloud. Hallelujah. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. You know, when you understand the Bible and you put the scriptures together, you understand the season that you're in. You know, Jesus said in the book of Matthew 16, he said, "Who do men say that I, the son of man?" That's right. You know, they said some say that you're John the Baptist, some say you're Jeremiah's, some say you're one of the prophet, but the problem that Jesus had with them, they did not understand the season that they're living in. Hallelujah. And we see today that people are so complacent that they don't even understand the season that we're in. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Do you love him this morning? Let's give the Lord a hearty praise this morning. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Somebody shout hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Hallelujah. Let us all bow our heads. Divine Father, Lord, we give you thanks this morning, Father. Lord, as we can come in your presence once more again, Lord, Father, we thank you, Lord God, for another day. We thank you for another time like this, Lord God, that we can come together, Lord God. And Father, as we come, Lord, may we cherish these moments, Lord, that we spend together, Lord God. Father, I pray for your children this morning. May you bless each and every one that are here this morning. And even those that are not here this morning, Father. Lord, remember them, Lord God. Lord, may you consecrate the ears of your people this morning, Father. May you bless their heart this morning, Father. Lord God, I pray right now, Father, that you may take me out of the way, Lord God, that you may be seen, Father. Lord God, let it not be my words, Lord, but let it be your words that speak this morning because your words makes the difference, Lord. And when you speak, you releases all our troubles and all our fears this morning, Father. And Lord, we ask all of these this morning. And Father, may you anoint the word this morning, Father. Let it become alive into our soul this morning, Father. And Lord God may receive yourself Father in your word Father in the name of Jesus. Let every spirit be under subjection this morning Lord God. And father we pray right now Lord God that a shakina of glory may fill this place Lord God with your glory father that every person under this anointing Lord God may feel your presence Lord may feel your glory and your power Lord God Father that you're not planted let it be root up right now in the name of Jesus Christ and Father we speak healing right now we speak life in the atmosphere, Lord God, in the name of Jesus. Let bounds be gathered together, Lord God. And Father, we give you all the glory and the honor in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, Hallelujah. We say amen. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What a mighty God we serve. Amen. Hallelujah. I tell you saints. Hallelujah. You know, we're living in a glorious time. And I believe that we're living in a wonderful time. Amen. In spite of the obstacles that we're facing. Despite our differences, hallelujah. We're here for a purpose. Amen. We did not bring ourselves here, but God bring us here. Amen. And when God put you somewhere, he expect you to be there. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Praise God. I tell you, saints, you know that the Bible said, there will be a great shakening. And I believe that we're experiencing a great shakening. You know, so I want to encourage you this morning. Amen. And I just want to take this time out to wish all the fathers a happy father's day and the potential fathers as well. And even those that are online, I wish you a happy father's day. It is a special day and I want to give you a gift this morning. And the gift that I want to give you is a message about fathers. Hallelujah. That's the best gift that I can give you. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And I just want to share what the Lord has placed on my heart. You know, I love you all. I love you all saints, you know, and I and I thank God for your love and your support. And we thank God for the pastor. Brother Dale is being a wonderful, wonderful servant to us. And we thank God. We give God thanks for him. And we give God thanks for every one of you. You're special. I'm just your servant. You know you're more important than me. Amen. You're more important than me. I'm here to serve you. Yes, sir. You're special. You know, so that's why I'm here. You don't It is not my will to be here. It's not my choice. If it is up to me, I wouldn't be here in the first place. Amen. But thank God, it's not up to our will. It's up to him. Amen. If you have a Bibles with me, could you turn your Bibles to the book of Genesis? Genesis. We're going to read a few verses here from the book of Genesis, chapter 17. And then after we read, then you can take your seat. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord. And we're going to talk about a great man. Amen. You know, I know that many persons, you know, you heard so many things about this great man. But you know, you can never heard much. Hallelujah. And this man that we're going to talk about is Abraham. Amen. You know, remember that his name was Abraham. And God changed his name from Abraham to Abraham. Right. So if you hear I'm speak about Abram, I'm just putting it in the context where God was speaking about him at the time. Right. So you don't don't don't don't don't feel any way. Amen. Genesis 17:E1. And when Abraham was 90 years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abram and said unto him, I am the Almighty God. Glory to God. Amen. Walk before me. And this word, this statement, walk before me, it is mentioned two times in the Bible away from Genesis 17. Oh wow. It is mentioned in Genesis 5 24, right? And it's also mentioned in Genesis 6 verse 9 when God said to Noah, Noah, you are you are righteous. Hallelujah. And the Bible said, "And Noah walked with God." Amen. And here God said to Abraham, "Walk before me and be thou perfect." Hallelujah. We're going to look into that. And when we when the word of God mentioned perfect, it not mean it it's not meaning that you you're you're sinless right now. We all born in sin and shape in iniquity. Hallelujah. Verse two. and I will make my covenant between me and thee, and I will multiply thee exceedingly. And Abram fell on his face. And God talked with him, saying, As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations. Oh my God. Look at this covenant that God made. Amen. Hallelujah. Verse five. Neither shall thy name anymore be called Abraham. Abraham. But thy name shall be Abraham. For a father of many nations have I made thee. May the Lord have his blessing to his word. You can be seated. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. What a covenant that God made with Abraham. The word Abraham, the word Abraham means exalted father. Abraham means father of many nations. It also means father of multitudes. So God changed his name from Abraham to Abraham. Right? And as the prophet said, every name carry a spirit. Hallelujah. God was doing something new in this generation. God was doing something new in his plan. Glory to God. We understand as we make mention earlier that today is father's day, right? And I want to give you a gift. Right? And the gift is the role of a perfect father. We see that this world is facing the number one crisis that this world is facing today is the absence of a father. Oh my god. The absence of a father. And when I make mention of a father, I'm not talking about a daddy, right? I'm talking about a father. Hallelujah. Not all males are father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Not all males are father. Some males are just considered as sperm donor. But a father is someone. Hallelujah. that the word father comes from the Hebrew word abba right glory to god and the word abba mean source and what is a source a source is a place or person or thing or thing from which something comes comes out of or can be obtained and we see hallelujah when god placed the man in the garden hallelujah whom woman come out of the man. So the man was the foundation of the woman. The man was the source the of the woman. That's why brother Paul said in first Corinthians uh 1 Corinthians chapter I believe verse 9 he said hallelujah that the man is not of the woman but the woman is of the man. Hallelujah. Because a woman come out of the man. Glory to God. But we see we just to understand something here. Hallelujah. The male does not come from God. The male comes from the hurt. It is the man that come from God. The Bible said in in Genesis chapter one, "And God created man in his image." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the Bible said it said in John 4:4, God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. Hallelujah. So the man come from the hurt. In Genesis 2, God placed the man. The man was the spirit and God placed him on the hurt and the Bible said God formed him from the dust of the hurt and breathe into his nostrils the breath of life. Hallelujah. I'm going somewhere with this now. Hallelujah. The breath of life. And the man became a living soul. Hallelujah. So when we talk about so the male is the foundation of the woman but while he was there something was in him a mystery was in him when God formed him from the dust of the earth. Hallelujah. Something was in him also. Hallelujah. There was a female inside of him. But it was a mystery. Hallelujah. And the Bible said oh glory. The prophet said he could not have fellowship. Right? Hallelujah. Because it was hidden. Right? And the Bible said Adam saw all the animals that were male and female and there was no meat for the man. And the Bible said, hallelujah. And God saw that he was lonely. And the God said, I will make an help me for Adam. Right. And the Bible said he caused a deep sleep upon Adam. And while Adam was sweeping, the first surgeon ever mentioned was God. And he perform a surgery. And he took the female part out of Adam. And he made the woman. And he brought the woman to Adam. And Adam looked at her and said, "You are bone of my bone and flesh of my flesh. You shall be called woman." That means the womb of man. Hallelujah. Glory to God. So here God, Hallelujah. when he said to Abraham, I will made a covenant with you. Hallelujah. Abraham was exalted father. Hallelujah. And God want to start a nation. Every time when God wants to start a nation, it will go to the male. Hallelujah. We must understand, oh God, work. Hallelujah. When and the bad said in Genesis chapter 12, he said, "Come out of your kindred. Come out of your people, your nations, and your tongues, and I'm going to show you a land." God was separating Abraham from his kindred. Hallelujah. And when Abraham came out of his kindred, hallelujah. The Bible said in Genesis 15, Abraham's looked at God one day and said, "God, I am no son of my home, all everyone that is born in my house." Hallelujah. He said, "It's not my does that come out of my bowel, God said, I am your exceeding reward. What will you give me?" See, I go childish. God said, "I'm going to give you a son." Right? Hallelujah. He said, "I'm going to I'm going to multiply your seed." But in Genesis 12, he said, "I will bless you. I will make you a father of many nations." Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And the Bible said in Genesis 16, Abraham was 75 years old when God made him the promise. And then 11 years after, 10 years after when he was 85, Sarah came to him and said,"Abraham, I know that I've seen how you react. I know that you're depressed, seeing that I cannot give you any child." This is in my own words. Hallelujah. He said, "Here is my maidar going unto her." And when he was 86, Aar bear a son. All right. God said to Abram, "That's not the promise I gave. I promise you." But in Genesis 17, glory to God. Hallelujah. In Genesis 17, 13 years later. Hallelujah. Because he was 86 when Aar gave birth to him. So 86 + 13 is equal to 99. God said, Hallelujah. God appeared and said, "Hallelujah. I am the Almighty." Amen. Walk before me and be no perfect. This word perfect is not to say it's not saying to Abraham that you are sinless. Hallelujah. Because man, every man that is born is born in sin and shaped in iniquity. What God was simply saying to Abraham, be complete. be whole. Have a full relationship with me. He said, "Let your actions align with my will." Because, hallelujah. It wasn't God's will for Abraham, Hallelujah, to get Ishmael. It was man's will. Amen. Hallelujah. So, oh, you know that you're walking before God when your will Hallelujah. When your action is is aligning with his will. Hallelujah. When your action is aligning with his will, you know that you're walking with him. Amen. But if your action is not aligning with the will of God, you're not walking with him. That's right. The prophet said, hallelujah. The word statement, hallelujah, walk with God. The prophet said, this statement means a life fully of faith. Hallelujah. A life full of faith. He said Enoch walked with God. Hallelujah. And he was not found because God took him. Right. He said that walk was a life full of faith. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So your walking has to be a relationship with God. Hallelujah. Because God Hallelujah. God loves when his people is in a relationship. Hallelujah. And here when we understand about the father, when we look in our society and see the father, the absence of the father is not in the home. It's not in our community. It is not even hallelujah in the school. Hallelujah. It's is the number one crisis upon the earth today. But when we understand the role of a perfect father, God who is our heavenly father, he shows us what the role must be. And the Bible said he leave an example for us to follow. So do you want or can a man know a perfect father when you watch when you study the life of Christ? Hallelujah. Because the son, oh glory, the son duplicate the father's action. Hallelujah. The son duplicate the father's character. Hallelujah. And Jesus Christ who was a son of the living God, he said, hallelujah, my fathers, my father work and I work here too. A true father always work. Hallelujah. A true father, glory to God, he paved the way for his son. Hallelujah. And when you look at this, this is very interesting. You know that a lazy father can produce lazy children, right? Fathers be careful. Your your children is watching you. They are watching every move. If you're a complaining father, your children is going to be complain. Oh, if you're a lying father, you're going to have lying children. Did not Jesus tell them you of your father the devils? He was a father of lies. Am I preaching the Bible? Hallelujah. So we have to be careful as a father. And here the word complete, the word perfect, it means complete. Hallelujah. It signifies a complete and a and and and undivided devotion to God, a wholeness of character and a commitment to living to God's will. Hallelujah. Amen. So that's why God had to change his name from Abram to Abraham because God made a promise in Genesis 12 that he should be a father of many nations. Hallelujah. And when God made that promise, God want to see a nation that is carrying his character, that is producing his character, reflecting him upon the hurt. Amen. Hallelujah. That's why God always starts from the male, right? Why you think why you think the male was considered hallelujah to as a high priest of the family? It was God's doing. He was the one that chose the male to be the high priest. The purpose of the the purpose of the priest, hallelujah, is to hallelujah, is to carry the the the the the prayers of the family to God. Amen. Hallelujah. They were carrying the birthright. Hallelujah. The fathers was responsible. Hallelujah. To live a life that reflects God. That's why the only commandment in the Bible that have a promise attached to it is honor thy father. Did you hear me? Did you hear what I said? The only commandment in the Bible that had a promise attached to it was honor thy father. Amen. Let's find it in the Bible. Hallelujah. Glory to God. We're going to we're going to go into the word of God. Yes, sir. Because once it is in the word, we're going to find it. Hallelujah. You still love him? Amen. Amen. Genesis Exodus 20:12. Exodus 20:12. The word said, "Honor, honor thy father and thy mother that the days may be long upon the land." Right? Which the Lord thy God giveth thee. Amen. So if you do not honor, your days will not be long. So this is the first commandment. Hallelujah. That had a promise attached to it. Honor your father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. A father is a position. It's a function and not a name. Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. The father is not the name of God. It's a function. The Bible said in James 1 verse 17, he's the father of lights. Meaning he's the source. Hallelujah. He create things. Creation came out of him. So you become the source. So when you are a father, hallelujah. Glory to God. You become the source. Your children come out of you. Hallelujah. You are their foundation. Jesus. Hallelujah. The word also father it comes with the word progenerator. The word pro r o means to support. Right. Gen generator comes from the word genetics. Hallelujah. Meaning the genes. Glory to God. That's why when Jesus spoke to the Hallelujah the Jews there hallelujah. He was chasing their DNA when he said you are your father the devil. Right. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh, praise God. So the rose of a perfect father. Hallelujah. When God said to Abraham, you shall be the father of many nation. It means hallelujah. Those nations, oh glory to God, you are their source. Those nation come out of you. Hallelujah. So that's why God could able to look and said, "Hallelujah. Not all sons are of Abraham. You're not all of the promise." Hallelujah. Glory to God. Because there are some people, some sons, hallelujah, they came from Abraham and not Abraham. Ishmael came from Abraham. Hallelujah. But Isaac came from Abraham. Hallelujah. That's why I said you're not all of the promise. When they said Abraham is our father and we're never yet in bondage. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "I know, but you're not of the promise." Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Glory to God. Amen. In the book of Matthew 5 verse 48 Jesus said hallelujah be therefore perfect even as your father which is in heaven is perfect. And as we establish this perfect is not meaning sinless. It means to be complete. Right. Amen. Having a relationship with God. Hallelujah. A being a father is not about a male but of a position. Hallelujah. A lot of persons they misunderstand or they don't know to be a father. That's why brother Dale I'm disappointed in some of the the females them they are expecting too much from a male. Hallelujah. You know when you look across in all the world and see what is happening right and when you listen to people's stories and so forth and you listen to their background and their history and where they came from and they're giving their report that the family that they come from the the father was absent. Hallelujah. But you know I'm a little bit disappointed because I believe that some of the problem the female help to cause some of the problem. Why I say that is they are expecting too much from the male and they don't have it in them to give it. Let me use let me use uh this as an illustration. If you plant a corn, what are you expecting to reap? Tell me, answer the question. Corn. But persons plant corn and they expect peace. It doesn't work that way. When you plant a corn, you must expect to reap a corn. That's why when you take back the word, we have to take the word as it is. Right. Hallelujah. So when you get a real father from God, right? You're going to get a real father in your life. Amen. But if that doesn't come from God, you cannot expect the person to perform hallelujah the support role. The person may perform the financial part but not the support role. Oh Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. It's the position. Glory to God. Hallelujah. The man, he was made out of the soil, but the man was created in the image of God. Hallelujah. And even in today, males have lost their identity. They don't know who they are. But when you're in Christ, you know your identity. You know who you are. You know what is your role, what is expected of you. You know that as a father, you must function in that position. You must be a support for the family. You must uphold the family. Hallelujah. You are the source of the family. You are the provider for the family. You are the defender for the family. That's right. Hallelujah. And Abraham and Abraham plays that perfect role in the life of Isaac. Hallelujah. in so much that when Isaac was a little boy, you know who was his role model? His role model was Abraham. Amen. He watched his father Abraham. Hallelujah. He wanted He wanted Hallelujah to follow his father Abraham in everything that he was doing. Hallelujah. He he become the perfect mother. Hallelujah. When you're talking about the father, the meaning, you're talking about the quality. And quality is a standard of something as measure against other things. What perfect quality that we have of the father, our heavenly father. What is his standard? His character. Right. Hallelujah. His image is his standard. And when you take his character, nothing can measure to his character. Hallelujah. Nothing can measure to it. Hallelujah. Praise God. No wonder why he said if hurt fails you, if earth hurt fails you, you need to go to heaven. Hallelujah. Because earth was made with the subject of weaknesses. Hallelujah. Earth is weak but heaven cannot weak. Hallelujah. Heaven is strength and power and glory. That's why he said be perfect as your father in heaven is perfect. Amen. Not your father on the earth but your father in heaven. Because earth is a weakness. Hallelujah. And earth will fail. But heaven cannot fail. Heaven must be our role model. It must be our example. Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. I wonder why when Jesus he said if the earthly father know to give good gifts to their children, how much more the heavenly father? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. What what a wonderful father we have. Thank you, Jesus. The Bible said, "Children, obey your parents in all things." So, everybody's getting it. Children is getting it, mothers is getting it, father is getting it, wives is getting it. It's a message for everybody. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You come to the right place. Children, obey your parents in all things. Because when you obey your parents in all things, this is well pleasing. Hallelujah. It is well pleasing unto the Lord. The word honor, it means regard with great respect. It means reverence. It means admire. It means look up to. It means appreciate value. Sometimes children doesn't value their godly parents. Sometimes they don't appreciate their godly parents as much as they ought to. Amen. And I when I look at these things I said they are so blessed that they don't even realize it. Many person doesn't have get that chance. Hallelujah. To grow up with a godly parents. True. My father I've been absent in all my life. Oh wow. I didn't grow up with a father. Wow. Hallelujah. And God was so merciful to me even when I'm at school, brother Jim, and when I see I see other children of their father and I love to play sports, right? I play football and cricket. Well, you call football soccer. Well, and I don't see my father bringing come to a game because he was never around, right? you know, and I said, "God, I didn't know God then, but you know what? Something was in my heart that was pulling me to him." Hallelujah. from I was a little boy. I always when when I was a little boy, we used to have this coffee coffee tree. Yeah. You know, we plant coffee in Jamaica in the garden and you know and bananas around and I find myself preaching, you know, to show you the hand of God has been on my life a little boy and I didn't even fully understand it. I did not understand it to be honest. Hallelujah. you know, and I I was preaching to the banana tree, right? You know, the birds was flying, all of that, you know, and I remember I remember somebody said to me that, you know, God is calling you to preach. And I said, you know, I just shake that off, you know. And then somebody say, you know, when you grow up, you're going to become a great father. I just shake that off. But now I'm understanding. Hallelujah. When you receive the spirit of God upon your life, you can't be the same. You got to go into a difference into a difference mood because you want to reflect Christ. You want to produce Christ. And if you're producing Christ, you're going to produce it in your children. Amen. Hallelujah. No wonder why the Bible say in Hosea 4:6, "My people are destroyed because of lack of knowledge." And did you know that when you read the scripture further on down, it said, "And your children will be destroyed." Oh Jesus. Your children will be destroyed. So it come back down to the father, right? You have to be a role model. You have to be a source for your children. You have to be a provider for your children. You have to be the light for your children. You have to be the way for your children. You have to be the truth for your children. Amen. Jesus. Hallelujah. You have to be the truth. Jesus said, "I am the truth. [Applause] Amen. I am the truth, the way, and the life. Jesus. Hallelujah. Some children don't know no true worship. They don't even know how to build an altar. Why you think God Why you think God make made the male priest of the family to show them how to build an altar? To show them how to hallelujah to worship. Amen. Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to God. It's on you fathers. You have a responsibility. You have a duty to God. Hallelujah. And the role of a perfect father. The Bible said a good man leave inheritance for his children. Children. You believe in the Bible. You believe in the Bible. The Bible said, "A good man leaves inheritance for his children." Children, oh my God, see this Bible, I believe in it. I believe in everything. A good man leaves inheritance for his children. Children, yes, sir. We said that we're reflecting God. What did God leave for us? [Laughter] Hallelujah. We got to find what God leave for us. Hallelujah. Let us turn our Bibles to the book of St. Luke. Oh, praise the Lord. St. Luke 12:32. Hallelujah. Can I talk to you saints? Fear not. Right. Can I talk to you? Fear not. Fear not, little flock. Jesus. For it is your father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. Hallelujah. Jesus. You heard that? Fear not, little flock. Why fear is taking over? It is the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. The kingdom is God's heritage. A good man leaves inheritance for his children. Hallelujah. And here Jesus said, hallelujah. It is the father's pleasure. It it the it is pleasure the father so much to give you the kingdom. But do not fear. Because fear is a demon. Hallelujah. Rise above your fears. Rise above your doubts. And take full control of the kingdom because God has given you it. Hallelujah. Glory to God. God has given you it. It is yours. Mighty God. Hallelujah. It is yours. Praise God. Jesus. Hallelujah. You know one other thing brother Paul in the book of Ephesians 5 he said be ye therefore followers of God as their children. Wow. Hallelujah. Praise God. It is important to have hallelujah a role model in our life. It is important and we see hallelujah when you take on the father characteristics you're becoming a role model not just for your children brother Jared but for the children of the world. Hallelujah. Sometimes we think that our duty is only to our children but it is not just to our children. Glory to God. You must be a father of your nation. You must be a father of your society, your communities. Glory to God. Hallelujah. You know sometimes as I said, hallelujah, my father was absent in my life. But when I see a good father, I used to say, I wish I had a father like him. That person was was being a father to me without him knowing it. or if he knows it. Probably I didn't tell him. Hallelujah. But there was something inside of me said that's a true father. That's what a true father must be. I used to look into that. Hallelujah. When you look another thing when the perfect the perfect role of a father is when the father can trust you. When the father can trust you, right? And when the father trust you, trust works on both way. Both ways. If I trust you, I must can trust you. You must can trust me. It must work on both ways. Amen. You believe that? Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. If God trusts you, you must trust God. We're going to look at Jesus for example. Hallelujah. Jesus, hallelujah, he reflect the father's character. Right. The Bible said in Luke 23, I believe verse 46, the Bible said, Jesus said, "In thine hands have I commit my spirit in your hands." Jesus. Hallelujah. Sometimes look at what Jesus did. He command he commit his spirit in the fathers and meaning he trusts him. Jesus. And sometimes even with our little finances, we can't even trust God. Not even with our little time, brother Dave. We can't even trust God with our time. Jesus. Am I preaching to somebody today? Hallelujah. We even want sometime God's need our time and we can't even trust him with our time. Jesus my God. Hallelujah. Glory to God. And Jesus said in thine hands have I commit my spirit. Meaning he trust the father. Hallelujah. And we must able to trust the father with our time, with our self, with our mind, with our spirit, with all our resources. Jesus. Did not the Bible say do not leave treasure on earth. Right? But let it be in heaven. That's right. But we rather to put it down on earth than in heaven. When you do that on earth, that mean you don't trust him. Hallelujah. Meaning you don't trust him. And here we're going to see where the father trust Jesus. Oh, John five. You still with me? Amen. John 5:36. [Music] Oh, praise the Lord. Before you reach to John 5:36, let us turn to John 3:34 first. I think that's the scripture I want to get at first. St. John 3 verse 34. The Bible said here, hallelujah. Praise God. That for he whom God had sent speaketh the words of God. For God giveth not the spirit by measure unto him. So when the father came, he speak the things of the father. When the son When the son came, he speak the things of the father. He is carrying out the vision of the father is carrying out the purpose of the father. Jesus my god. Hallelujah. John 5:36. Amen. Thank you. But I have a greater witness than that of John. For the works which the father given me to finish the same works that I do bear witness of me that I had. Hallelujah. That the father had sent me. Jesus my God. If the father can send the son that mean the father trusts the son. Hallelujah. The father has complete trust in his son. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Complete trust. Yeah. Like for example, you know, if I should use an illustration, you know, if I should say, "Brother Gerard, I know that you will not take your keys and give to Curtis." Why? Because he don't reach the age of complete trust yet. He will not trust him with the keys. Right. But if he could give Matthew, he would trust him. Hallelujah. You see, that's why when you talk about maturity and growth, right? We have to reach a whereby the father can completely trust us. Amen. Hallelujah. You think Peter had to reach to the stage whereby Christ have to trust him with the keys of the kingdom of heaven? Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. Hallelujah. You know, Hallelujah. When we look also at the the the parables that spoke about the parable son about the prodical son the parable right in Luke chapter 15 right we heard many times we heard that story many times we heard preachers preach over it many times right and when they preach which they only mention about the prodical son. All right? But not much they have go into the other son. Right. But there is a lesson in that chapter. Right. Hallelujah. It's not just about the prodal son. Right. Right. H there's more than one lesson. But they all emphasize on one lesson and that's the lesson of a backslider. Hallelujah. All right. But what about the lesser? When a son stays with his father and refuse to leave his father's side. Amen. What about that lesson? Amen. Jesus. My God. Hallelujah. Right. You know the father the father said to his son, Yeah. Yeah. Luke 15 I believe verse 32 he said hallelujah you are always with me God hallelujah can God say the same about us when storm comes your way when your back is against the wall when you're being thrown into the burning furnace hallelujah Amen. When you face, hallelujah, some stormy seas, can you still stand with Christ? Can you still stay with the father in spite of what people say about you? In spite of what they speak about the ministry, in spite of the critics that you face. Yeah. Hallelujah. Can you still stand? Can you still stay with your father? Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Jesus. I tell you saints, I refuse to give up. Amen. I refuse to throw in the towing. Amen. Hallelujah. The Bible said Jesus was a was a lion of the tribe of Judah. You know, sometimes we need to activate that lion nature in us. Amen. If you are a child of God, God doesn't remove that lion nature. It is there somewhere. It just need to activate. Hallelujah. When they hold Jesus on the cross. Hallelujah. The lion nature was in him. Amen. But it was not the Caesar. Hallelujah. You know what was a season was the nature of the lamb. That's why he humbled his mouth. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. The Bible said he did not open his mouth. Because it was a season of the lamb nature. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Saints of God, you're carrying four natures. Right. When you understand the book of Revelation, the Bible said there were four beasts. Hallelujah. There was one like Hal like the lion. Right. What is a lion? A lion is a ruler. Hallelujah. A lion rules. A lion commands. When the lion open his mouth and war, the world jungle has to be quiet. Even the biggest of animal, the lion is not the most biggest animal. Right? The elephant is considered to be bigger and stronger than the lion. But the lion is not afraid of the elephant. The lion is fearless. Hallelujah. And he will not run from danger. You have that nature inside of you. Hallelujah. So sometimes you're being pressed against the wall. You know what he's doing? Hallelujah. He's waiting for that dispensation. He's waiting for that Caesar to come on to release that lion nature. Hallelujah. Now you can even look at debt in the face and said pull back. Hallelujah. Go back Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. The other beast was like the face of a man was the the eye of beast was like an ox. The ox was one hal we beers. Glory. Hallelujah. He's a burdenbearer in some seasons, brother. We're just bearing each other burden. Hallelujah. You get down on your knees and you're praying for your brothers and you're praying for your sisters. It means you're bearing each other burden. Hallelujah. I'm bearing your burden. I'm fighting with you. I'm pressing with you. You're not alone. Jesus. Hallelujah. In the dark age. Hallelujah. When Oh, glory to God. God had to release the beast. Hallelujah. An axe to bear their burdens. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to God. This is a father's day message. Sometime even a very precious burden that you have to bear is your own children. You raise them up. You take care of them and then they are complete different person to you. But what you going to do? You're going to still love them. Hallelujah. You're going to bear up their burdens. Hallelujah. Because a father is always a father. Amen. that never changes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The other the other anointing that God released is the anointing of of the face of a man. Yeah. Which mean intelligence. Which mean knowledge come back again. Hallelujah. Meaning you have your identity restore back. You know who you are. You know who God is. You know what is God and what his nature is. And you know what is required of you in your season. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Glory to God. And we're in the season, hallelujah, of the knowledge. Glory to God. And my and the knowledge is glory to God. as a word declare. Brother Paul said that I may know him. Amen. Hallelujah. I want to know him. You think you're going to have it easy. You think the devil is going to allow you to have it so smooth that you can know the father. Hallelujah. That know it comes through fight. Right. He said that I may know him and the power of his resurrection. Hallelujah. Brother Paul had to go through so much battles even through shipwreck. Hallelujah. But he say know what I'm pressing on. I'm pressing on. Amen. The woman that had the issue of blood, there was something inside of her that was calling out, pulling hallelujah for Jesus. Glory to God. She could have give up, but she had there was no give up in her. The Bible says she pressed. There were forces, forces. Hallelujah. And when when you're pressing, there will be forces. They're going to press against those forces. And as the word declare, hallelujah, we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but principalities of powers of rulers of darkness, spiritual wickedness upon high places. These are the forces that are going to press against you want to know him and the power of his resurrection. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the other attribute is a flying eagle. Hallelujah. A flying eagle. In this age, in this season, so many things are let loose. So many spirit. So many religious spirit have let loose upon this age. is so much that this age they put Christ outside the church. Hallelujah. In the book of Revelation, he said, hallelujah, behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice, let him open the door. That's right. Rose of a perfect father. All right. A father doesn't give up. Doesn't give up on their children. They keep believing. They keep looking out for the returning of their sons and their daughters. Yes, sir. They don't come off their knees. They stay on their knees for their children. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. And God has called us in this ancient time to be a perfect father. Glory to God. Hallelujah. But the average man cannot be that. Thank God that we are not average man. What kind of man are we? Amen. The man that we that we are is the man that of the mind of Christ. Hallelujah. Philippians 2:5. Let this mind be you which was also in Christ Jesus. Who taught not robbery to be equal with God. Hallelujah. And in verse verse 11, the Bible say you have highly exalted him and given him a name that is above every name that are the name of Jesus. Every knee shall bow and every tongue shall confess that Jesus Christ is Lord. Amen. Let me tell you this. Nothing can stop the power of God. Nothing, no dimension can stop it. No barriers can stop it. Hallelujah. When you're in the spirit of God, hallelujah. I tell you saints, oh glory, you are traveling in every dimension. Amen. When John was caught up, Hallelujah. The Bible said when he saw the wonder, he said no man, no man could open the book. Right. But when the lamb took the book and opened it, John said John said, "Every man heard me sing." Heard me sing, John was not in his natural self, right? He was not in his natural self when he start to sing. He said, "Every man heard me. A man that is in his natural self, how can you hurt him when you're under the sea?" Right. Yes. All right. And he was in heaven. How could you hurt that? Hallelujah. He was not in the natural self. He was in the spirit of God. When you're in the spirit of God, you can go through any dimension. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Adam had that. Adam had that. Adam was in the image of God. Glory to God. That's why Adam could travel from dimension to dimension. He had that ability. Did you know that the prophet said, "We're going back to Adam." Yes. Jesus. My God. He said, "We're going back to Adam." Jesus was uh Jesus is the second Adam had and we're bone of his bone and flesh of his flesh. So we're so we're going back to being had. The Bible said to him that receive him gave he power to become the sons of God. Hallelujah. Can I say this? In Genesis chapter 5, the Bible said, hallelujah, he has blessed them. God has blessed them and he called their name Adam. Hallelujah. Can I say this? You are Adam. Amen. When you catch the revelation of who you are, you are called Adam. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. He called their name Hadam. Mighty God. Hallelujah. We're going back to that Jesus. Hallelujah. Do you love him this morning? Let us all stand on our feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Can we sing the song? I know who I am. I know who I am. I can see now of who I am. Yes. Amen. A part of my savior. Yes. A part of his word. Amen. It's the revelation. It's predestination of who I am. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Here is the [Music] [Applause] [Music] is with you. Mercy. [Music] Woo. That's wrong. [Music] original. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Your jealousy [Music] must open up at last. [Music] Hallelujah. Who is the original? [Music] But I Hey, [Music] Glory. [Music] Yes, Lord. [Music] Yes. [Music] original. Hallelujah is what I believe. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. The original light, the original seed, the quality of the father. Hallelujah. You know one thing with the father quality. You know, you cannot tamper with it. It is quality. It's not hybrid. It's original. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Let us all pray. Hallelujah. After we pray, we're going to ask brother D to come up. Hallelujah. Divine Father, Lord, we thank you again, Lord, for speaking to our heart, Father. Lord God, hallelujah. This is not my word, Father. Lord God, with such a day today is a special occasion, Father. And we thank you for reminding us of the role of a father. The duty that we have to perform in this society, in this community, in our churches, in our home, Father, we thank you, Lord God. And Father, for every fathers that are present here. Hallelujah. Today, Lord, Lord, we pray for a special blessing upon them, Lord. and those who are evil, those that could not make it this morning, but Father, remember them as well. Lord, may you continue to bless them, Father. May you continue to use them, Lord God. I say continue to the best father to their children, the best father to their wives, Father, to their family and their community, Lord. Father, not by their own will, Father, but by your spirit, Father, I believe, Lord God, that they will be the best, Lord. And Father, as long as we're here, Father, the work, the work is still going on, Father. It is not yet finished, Lord. And Father, we thank you again, Lord. And Father, Hallelujah. We thank you for your blessing upon the service. We thank you even for your healing. We thank you Lord God for your words of life, your words of power that are soaring through our beings right now, Father. Hallelujah. In the name of Jesus, we give you thanks, Lord. Hallelujah. In Jesus name. Amen. Thank you, brother. Can we just sing the chorus of that again? Amen. original land. The original city [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. We love you and just remember each other in prayer. What a what a be ain't God got a beautiful five-fold ministry. You can see now why Satan give take my voice away and wouldn't let Junior's van start. Brother Jim had to go pick him up because his vehicle wouldn't run. perfectly running vehicle because God had a message for this morning. Amen. God's so perfect. Amen. Let's just sing this chorus. We're welcome for fellowship. We got lots and lots of food and and we just have a good celebration in Jesus family. Amen. Let's sing the chorus one more time. The original. The original. The original [Music] is
