################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-11-19 - 16 1120 Dont fear the Faultline - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-11-19
Title:   16 1120 Dont fear the Faultline
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVKCXJOffCw
========================================

Glory be to Jesus of my heart. Glory be to Jesus the hope of all my soul. He walked the raging seas and stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and dined with the weed. He came to me today and met my every need. The everlasting God. down by the waters the everlasting vine to pour out all his mercies and save with grace divine. Oh, glory be to Jesus, the voice to all my storms. Glory be to Jesus, the hope of all my soul. He walked the raging sea and he stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and died with the we. He came to me today and met my every need for the everlasting God. He walked the raging sea. He walked the raging seas and he stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and he dined with the weak. He came to me today and met my every need. The everlasting God. Stand with me this morning. He alone is worthy. Oh, he alone alm mighty. King of all the aes king of my own heart. Walk the raging seas. And he stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and he died with the we. He came to me today and met my every need. The ever he alone is worthy. He alone is worthy. He alone mighty. King of all the angels. King of my own heart. He walked the raging sea and he stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and he died with the weak. He came to me today and met my every need. the everlasting. This one down by the river down by the river. He's waiting for me to bathe me with his spirit to wash away my sins. Oh, glory be to Jesus, the governor of my heart. Glory be to Jesus, the hope of all my soul. The raging sea stood on Calary. He walked the desert deep and he died with the weak. He came to me today and met my every need. The everlasting God, he came to me today and met my every need. The everlasting God. He came to me and let my every need be the everlasting God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He's here today this morning, saints, to meet your every need. Hallelujah. To garden your heart. Amen. Hallelujah. For he alone is worthy. He alone almighty. He's faithful and true. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads this morning as we dedicate ourselves to him. Blessed be his holy name. Lord Jesus, we thank you. Father, we just come humbly before you, Lord. You we know you're here today, Father, to meet our every need. We know, Lord Jesus. Father, we won't leave here the same. Father, we'll leave here, Lord, closer to you, Father, cuz we're hungry, Lord. We're thirsting after righteousness, Father. Lord, we just look to you this morning for sustenance. We look to you, Father. Lord Jesus, for strength, for direction, for leadership. Father, Lord Jesus, you've risen with healing in your wings, Father. And you've visited our generation with a mighty anointing, Father, with a mighty outpouring of your spirit, Father. Lord, you've birthed this fellowship, Lord, under great prophecy, Father, and great anointing, Lord Jesus, to bring your children into your rest, Father. Oh God, may you come in revelation this morning, Lord. We humble ourselves under your mighty hand this morning. Father, Lord Jesus, let your word come and place us where we meant to be. Speak, oh God, from heaven this morning. Shake heaven and earth, Father, this morning, Lord. Oh, send thunders and lightnings and earthquakes and voices from heaven, in the name of Jesus Christ. Anoint the pastor, Lord, as he ministers the word to us, Father. We desire Lord to hear from your throne this morning. May the Lamb speak from the midst and from out of his throne this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You've opened it all to us, Lord, this morning and for ever more, Lord. We can feast on your open word, Father. Hallelujah. We just ask, Lord, you would be with us. And Father, we have some requests, some prayer requests. Father, we would just like to bring before your remembrance, Lord. Father, just want to pray, Father, for uh Arman's aunt Helen, Lord Jesus. And Father, that you would just bring healing in her body, Lord Jesus. We come together this morning, Father. Lord, that you would just undertake for the situation, Lord. Father, you're the great healer, Jehovah Raa, and ask, Lord Jesus, just bring a healing. Touch your body, Lord Jesus. Give the doctor's wisdom, Father, and give peace to the family. Oh Lord, and we just lift up Zelda to you as well. And just ask, Lord Jesus, Father, we know you're a God that heals brain tumors. For we've seen it happen, Father. Hallelujah. Oh God, and it's nothing too hard for you, Lord Jesus. and we just lift her into your presence, Father, and ask that you would bring healing. And Lord, that you would just, Father, go to that whole situation, Lord, and and bring, Father, these children of yours into your presence, Lord. Father, bring them in, Lord. And Father, may they their relationship with you become so potent and so blessed in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. And Lord, we just ask that you would, Father, we hear of this these children that came to their grandparents at our rancho, Lord. And Father, Lord, what a horrible situation it is, Lord. We know that families, Lord, need to be together, Lord Jesus, to and those children, Father, I pray that you would be their portion, Lord, and that you would just give strength and wisdom to the grandparents, Father, and just commit the situation into your hands and pray that you would draw them into their rest with you, Father. Oh, thank you, Lord. and just want to lift up Anna's mother and and her stepfather Terry, Lord, who are suffering with health problems, Father, and just ask, Lord, that you would also, Father, speak to them. We just want to lift them into your presence by prayer and ask that you would bring healing in their bodies, Lord, and draw them to a closer walk with you, Lord. Bless their relationship with you, Father, through these trials, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you. And father, we just want to lift up Lord David, Sister Kay's brother, and Father, just ask, oh God, that Lord, the things that he's holding on to in his life. Oh Lord, the unforgiveness and the and the pains and the hurts, Lord, the and the things that's holding him back from you, Lord Jesus. Father, Lord, we just want to Lord, lift him into your presence by prayer and ask, Lord, that you would undertake for him, Lord. We commit him to you, Father. Oh God, may Lord Jesus, you just speak to him, Lord Jesus. And Father, Lord, Sister Kay being a light in her family, Lord. Father, Lord, may you just fan that fire in her heart, Lord Jesus. And may you speak through her, Lord Jesus, words of life and draw them into their rest, Father, as we humble ourselves under your mighty hand. Lord, we just thank you, Lord, that you hear our prayers. We've come, we come into agreement here on earth, Lord Jesus. Father, oh God, for the well-being of our loved ones, Lord, and our families and friends, for we would love to see them, Lord, whole physically and spiritually, Lord. Lord, now, Father, we just dedicate ourselves with everything within us to spend all of our energy, Lord, upon you, upon worship and praise and upon hearing your word, Father. This is the highlight of our life, the highlight of our week, Father, to be in your presence, Lord, to hear from you, Lord. What a privilege and an honor it is, Father. Thank you, Lord. We commit the service into your hands. Take control of every spirit in this building fired by the Holy Ghost, Lord, for your glory, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Welcome. We just want to extend a special welcome to our visitors. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to have you here. Amen. Hallelujah. all the way from the glorious land of South Africa. And I'm sure you've had a good shaking up naturally. And now it's good to have a good spiritual shaking up in the church. Hallelujah. Amen. The natural types of the spiritual. Hallelujah. Amen. We love it. We love it. Amen. Let's go. He paid a debt he did not owe. Amen. He paid a debt he did not owe. I owed a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. And now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. I paid a debt. He did not. Oh, he paid it. Set me free. Did all my sins erase. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. Won't it be glory to see him on that day? I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could. He paid a debt. He paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owed a debt I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. He paid a debt at Calvary. He cleansed my soul and he set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins erase. Amen. All of them. I now can sing a brand new song. Amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. One day he's coming back for me to live with him eternally. won't get me glory to sing. Just think about it. Oh, glory. I then will sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt. Hallelujah. Wouldn't it be glory to see him on that day? Oh my, the hope of our soul. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you looking for the fullness of the blessing of the Lord in your heart and life today? Claim the promise of your father. Come according to his word in the blessed old time way. He will fill your heart today to overflowing as the Lord commandeth you. Bring your vessels not a few. He will fill your heart today to overflowing with the Holy Ghost. And now bring your empty earth and vessels clean through Jesus precious blood. Come ye needy one and all. And in human consecration wait before the throne of God. He will holy ghost shout. He will fill your heart today to overflowing. As the Lord commandeth you, bring your people out of you. He will fill your heart today to overflowing with the Holy Ghost and power. Like the cruc of all unfailing is his grace forever more and his love unchanging still. And according to his promise with the Holy Ghost and power, he will live every vessel fill. He will fill your heart today to overflowing as the Lord commandeth you. Bring your vessels part of you. He will fill your heart today to overflowing with the Holy Ghost. He will fill He will fill your heart today to overflowing as the Lord commandeth you. Bring your vessels not a few. He will fill your heart today to overflowing with the whole. Amen. Glory. Amen. Can we sing that chorus one more time? But we're going to say, "He will fill my heart today to overflowing." Make that confession. Be filled with the spirit. Your lamps trimmed and clear. Amen. Oh, he will fill my heart today to overflow me as the Lord commanded me. Bring my vessels not a few. He will fill my heart today to Lord with the hope. One more time. He will fill my heart today. He will fill my heart today to overflow. As the Lord commandeth me from my vessels not, he will fill my heart today to overflowing with the Holy Ghost and power. Hallelujah. Amen. That's my desire and that's my confession this morning. Hallelujah. Burn, burn. Holy Spirit, burn me in my heart fire. The Holy Ghost desire. Oh, make me like the Christ for healing and raising the pain. Oh, Jesus has love that she burned me. Set my heart on fire. Oh, make me like the Christ today. and God's desire. Oh, make me like the Christ today. Oh, healing and raising the dead. Oh, we have the power that Jesus has through the Make Me Like the Christ today. Oh, make me like the Christ today. for healing and raising the dead. For we have the power that Jesus has through the blood that was shed. Amen. Hallelujah. We have the power. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm sure there's a few testimonies this morning about how God kept you in the earthquakes. So just have your seats and we're going to allow if there's one or two testimonies this morning burning on somebody's heart that how God kept them or kept their belongings or kept their business or kept them safe through this because we know that we are hidden in the rock of ages. Um no now we need the people online to hear brother. Sorry. Uh, happy birthday, Ian. Y, that's one of my testimonies. I made it. Um, no, just um, it it actually just dawned on me um, on Monday when when when I went to the shop for the first time. So, we're right in the CBD with the new cafe. Um, and there's quite a few buildings in the CBD, as you know, that that have been damaged and so forth. Um, now I had a shop about I sold it about 3 years ago, one of the mojo shops in town, and there was in a big high-rise building as well at the bottom. Um, and about a about a a few months before before I sold, it was about a year before we actually sold that shop there. Um there was the other earthquakes in Wellington that everybody went home on the Friday afternoon. Quite big earthquakes when when everything happened. I think it was 2012 it was. Um now the building did have a bit of damage at that point in time. There were quite a few buildings in the CBD that got damaged and we and the shop didn't lose one single glass. So we had bottles all over our counters, right at the top, right on edges of stuff and we didn't lose anything whatsoever. and we were able to trade straight away again. Um, and when I went to the shop on Monday with all the other damage, there's a lot of the Mojo shops out um, and so forth. I went to the Mojo and my old shop through this earthquake has been trashed. So, there's glass everywhere with the food cabinets were all smashed up. Um, there's a lot of damage to that old shop of mine. Um, so it didn't fair that well this time around. They had all the tiles pushing up on each other and everything. And um I went into my shop and once again there was not even a glass that came off of a shelf or anything. Amen. And we have glasses that are stacked up to the very edge of a shelf. And there was absolutely no damage whatsoever. And we were able to open the next day without a problem. So glory to God. He protects his people. Hey there where you are. That's where the blessing follows. He he doesn't he doesn't he he he follows you. He he protects you where you go. and your belongings. Um, and it makes me think of um of the Israelites when they were in Egypt and all the plagues came and it hit everywhere, the whole land of Egypt except where the Israelites were. Amen. And it's the same for us. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Mama. Yeah. She come. God bless you. God bless you. Good to see you. God bless you all. Lovely to see the visitors. Welcome. Hey. Um, just a short testimony. Um, no me and I. We have our ups and downs at times. It's no doubt everybody does. And one of my big bug bears is getting home from work to a house that doesn't look like there's been a lot of time spent on it. And um, I'm sure none of you brothers can relate to that. But anyway, the internet is now so accessible to everybody. iPhones and me don't get on. My wife loves them and it's been a bug bear of mine for a very long time. I get home from work, I think it was on Wednesday, and um Nami met me at the door. She's in tears and she is saying, "I have been delivered. The Lord has taken away my habit." It wasn't it just interferes with life and it was her habit and she said the Lord's lifted me from it. She's listening to uh the prophet's message. There's a prayer line going on. It happened during that. I I walk out to the shed where my children are building a helicopter and um the Lord just spoke to me and he said the same anointing that was upon the word then is upon the word now. It's I've always I've always thought that but I thought is that the right way to think? is can I still draw on that power when it was spoken the spoken word. Amen. The word says in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, the word is alive and well. It's delivered my wife and praise the Lord, our home is changed. And glory be to God. Hallelujah. Amen. Um yeah, with all these earthquakes and and diverse places and the things that happening, God revealed to me more than just you're safe. Um he says that these things will happen and they must happen and prophecy must be fulfilled and his word will come to pass and it doesn't mean how he shakes the world and what he does. If we look at the circumstances then he will reveal to us what is the answer. So I asked him with these things cuz I was scared. I won't I was scared cuz I had to we were at the airport fetching my mom and dad and and uh I was scared. We grabbed the kids and ran out. And it's the first time I ever realized that I was this small. And then I went to the Lord and I said, "Lord, but I don't understand because I'm supposed to be this big cuz you're inside of me." You know, and he just said, and I shared it with the kids this morning. He said, "But it has to be this way. It has to be fulfilled." So if I look into the earthquake and into everything that's happening, but not in his word, then I'm missing what's happening. And so I went and I looked and he says in Matthew, he says in Mark and in Luke 21 and he says um for nation shall rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom and there shall be famines and pestilence and earthquakes and diverse places and this will just be be the beginnings of sorrow. But then I thought it's not the beginnings of my sorrow. It is where I started realizing that God is real. He takes care of his people and he sent his word before us to prepare the way. And so he's already preparing us to go home. And so all these things that happening, don't be scared. Take courage and walk on. He gives us that choice. So praise the Lord. And and I'm just thankful that I don't have to be scared of earthquakes because we were. Just put your trust in him. Amen. And he'll make it come to pass. So yeah, that's that's just what I got. I think Glory Yes, please. No, you don't have to. Yeah, you can hear in the choir mic. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I love being a Christian. Love it. After the earthquake when it was all shaking, I thought, "Praise God." You know, I had no fear whatsoever because death wear is your victory. Grave wear or death where is your scene? brave. Where is your victory? It's like, oh, I'm closer home. I get to go home and be in the arms of Jesus. I just love that he's taken all that fear away. And it was such a blessing because not some of my children have that same revelation yet. And one in particular that that is that is quite imaginative and and very sensitive. Well, she had a bit of a hard time with it. And but it's amazing because the Lord just takes away all that fear. And one Amen. One thing that brought was brought up was she also had a fear of spiders. And I was like, "Oh, you can't be a country kid. If you're living out in the woods, you can't smash a spider. I'm not going to go get a spider every time." And they're like this big. And my grandma used to smash them on the wall. So I would just go up to her and smash them with my thumb and oh, just get on with it. So she came to me one night and she said, "Oh, there's a spider in the hallway." And I go, "Just go. Look, there's no fear in love. When you know the Lord loves you, you don't have to worry because he he loves you. He's not going to put you in harm's way. Yeah. So, she she came and she she went back and she smashed it and I was like, "Oh, I didn't hear back from her." So, I thought, "Okay, she's taking care of it." And then and then in the morning, I went down the hallway. It was the biggest black spider I've ever seen in my life. It was like smashed on the whole floor. But it was the thing with the earthquake. So, it was like there's no fear. A Christian has no fear in this world. What do we have to fear? So I was Yeah, I was just the same and I praise the Lord for the opportunity to share with my children that there is no fear in love. Yes, God. Praise the Lord. Good morning. I'm the visitor from South Africa and I need to apologize to each and every one of you because the tongue is mightier than the sword. I said when I came over to this place of yours, this wonderful piece of earth, it's it's it's awesome. I said, I'm going to hit this place with a bang and I'm going to make waves and it literally happened. We were still taxiing in when the earthquake happened. So, watch what you say. Especially you little ones, watch what you say. Cuz I said, I'm going to eat this place with a bang. And it did bang. It rocked the place. It's still moving down again. And I said, "I'll make waves." And then there was the flood. So be careful what you say because your words might become two before you know it. But sorry for that. I just had to rock this place. The South Africans have landed. I was thinking and then he's talking about the words. What how powerful are the words you speak? So um last camp I got after camp and then I got just really really really tired and run down and um I was having headaches like if not every day every second day really bad headaches and then um I just I thought you know I was Andy was talking to me on the Saturday night last week saying I said you know I believe that the Lord can heal me and I was like I wonder why this is just continuing and continuing and um he was just you know reminding me of all the promises and the word and everything and I was going yeah that that's right like it's it's all right it's there and then in the church on Sunday I was sitting at the back and um after the service and then when we were just worshiping just came onto my um it just came in my mind that scripture about how the um you know call the elders when they're sick they called the elders and anointed with oil and prayed for and I um and then straight away the reasoning comes in ah these are really sick people not just people who are tired and have a headache you see and then I just thought, "No way. Jesus took those stripes for me. No matter how big, no matter how small and I thought, no matter, no, I'm gonna if that's the scripture that's came." I thought, "No, I'm gonna like just go past the pride barrier. I'm going to go up and ask for prayer." And so I did. And then Monday comes, big headaches. Tuesday, Wednesday, headaches and headaches. And nothing changed immediately. But then because I knew at that time, oh my goodness me, just have the scarf, man. Um, yeah. So then I straight away here you take the baby. Okay. And stop. Okay. So then because I had that anchor, it was like something happened right then. I knew when I was anointed with oil, I thought that's the end of it. And I thought now I can take the devil back to that place. Anytime I get a headache, I thought I'm going to take him back there and say no way. I was healed right then. And um and then so then when all those headaches kept coming, you know, it was like Wednesday, Thursday, still big headache. And um and so I just I just kept saying to the devil, "No, no, I'm not having it. I'm not having I'm not having these headaches." And then and then the next the next day, gone. Just completely no headaches, not tired, just normal energy back and everything. So I just thank the Lord, he cares about the small things. Amen. Praise the mountain. family. Morning. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Um talking about the earthquakes and the opportunities we have and the ones that we don't. Um we're all thankful that we could be in our homes with our families at the time when it did strike. Um one thing that stood out for me is are we ready? Amen. Are we ready? The time is short. The time is now. Is our hearts in the right place? Is our families walking with us? What are we doing that's different? What are we doing that's right or wrong to ready ourselves for the coming of the Lord? Um, if he had to take us away on that Monday, Yeah. praise be to God. Because for myself, I know I've come a long way and there's no turning back. Yeah. But then when you think about your young ones and your family and you know all your extended family, lots of people are still left behind. So the shaking was a shakeup for us to prepare ourselves and to ready ourselves. Um so our opportunities are now while we all sit here as a family just to ponder on things that if we are not ready, if we are not right with the Lord, the opportunity is here. Make yourself right with the Lord. That's all right. Um I'm very thankful to my wife. Um my wife has been sharing with with the family from lower hut uh mongrel mob related and when they had the problems on Monday night my house was sanctuary. So I was thankful that we can open the doors for people that are not walking in the Lord but they could see the light and they know where to come. Thank you Lord. So, we used that opportunity to to to comfort them and to make them welcome and to to keep them at home and they went back home at about 6:00 that morning. I went back to work and on Tuesday with the with the floods, they were back there and with more people and and and you know, if people like that can see what the Lord has done for me and my family. Yeah. Right. They can see what the Lord has done for you and your family. Exactly. Right. So, thank you for being who you are. Thank you for being the lights in this place, in this dark place. All right. The Lord loves you. But rest assured, we need to prepare our hearts and be ready for the call. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's go to number 47. I'll see you in the rapture. Amen. If we never meet again on this earth, my precious friend, if to God you have been through and above all sin, then for us there'll be a meeting for this to be a meeting. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. See you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. See you at that meeting in the air. There with our blessed savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture. Some sweet day. To my loved ones, let me say there will surely come a day when the Lord will come again to catch his pride away. Get ready now to meet him. And with hallelujah greet him. I'll see you in the rapure some sweet day. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the air. There with the blessed Savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you at the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you at that meeting in the air with a blessed Savior will live and rain forever. I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When peace like a river attend it my way. And sorrows like sea bills. Whatever my love has for me to say. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Oh, Satan should love it. Oh tri then this bless the shore that Christ has regarded my How blessed he stay and have shed his own blood for my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. I sing. Oh, the bliss of this glorious Lord. I sin not in part but the whole histo. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. And Lord haste the day when my faith shall be sign. The clouds be rolled back as a scroll. The trump shall resound and the Lord shall descend. even soul. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. It is well with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. But Lord is for thee. For thy coming we wait. The sky, not the grave, is out. Shout, holy angel, oh the voice of the Lord. Blessed hope, blessing rest of my soul. It is well, oh with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with us. It is well. Oh, it is. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Oh, regardless of what anything can ever throw at you, it will mean it as well. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just finish the singing this morning. Number 203. I'm going home. Hallelujah. All saints, it's not long now. It's not long now. Just testify. And if there's anything holding you back, let it go this morning. Let it go. I'm going home. I'm going home. There is nothing holding me here. I behold. Praise God. I'm going home. I'm going home. I'm going home. There is nothing holding me here. I' live on my heavenly home. Praise God. I'm going home. Let's just sing it one more time, shall we? I'm going home. I'm going home. There is nothing holding me here. I've caught a glimpse of my heavenly home. Praise God. I'm going home. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for that assurance? It's not a hope so, it's a no. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer, shall we? Gracious Father, oh, how we love you this morning, Lord. We just with great thanksgiving our hearts, we come into your presence one more time, Father, we just want to tell you that we love you to all our hearts, Lord. You're more than life to us. you more than our next breath. Lord, we're so glad Lord, this life is but a vapor, but our lives don't end when this life ends. But Father, we just Lord, we're we're just one breath from eternity. And Lord, we thank you that you paid all that we could step from this world into the next world. Lord, there's nothing holding us here. And it's all your doing, Lord, that we're free. It's not our doing, Lord. Man cannot do anything to help. They can try and reform themselves, but it's you that sets free. It's you that transforms by the power of your word, Lord. It's you that, Lord, makes us new creatures in Christ Jesus. We want to thank you for that, oh God. And Father, we just want to pray for Elizabeth, Lord, who's unwell. Father, go and touch her, Lord, as she's watching in now, Lord. May you just go through the internet, Lord. You're God everywhere, Lord. You're not God, just God in these four walls, Lord. Your word says you'd never leave us nor forsake us. We thank you for that great assurance. Lord, you said you'd be with us, even in us to the end of the world. And Lord, I just pray this whatever is causing her to be unwell. Lord, may it leave her in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you by your stripes, she was healed. It's a finished work. All those who are sick here among us as well, Lord, as your word goes forth, may you bring healing as well. And Father, may your word find bedding ground in our hearts today. Lord, anoint it as it goes forth. Lord, anoint speaker and hear it one more time. Father, be with those who are away. And Lord, we just asking that you will just open your word to us. Lord, we know anyone can open the pages of your Bible, but you are the author. And Lord, we're not looking for someone's opinion, but we're looking for the author's declaration of your word. So, great heavenly author of your word. Lord, may you come and speak to us through it. We pray. Grant it. Father, may you receive all glory, honor, and praise in this service. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Grant it, Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Good to have you all. Amen. God bless you. Amen. This is your prayer, Brother Alistister. Amen. God bless you. Nice to see you here. Trust you feel at home. If you got your Bibles handy, everyone. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. What a day to be alive. Amen. Let's just go to Joshua chapter 2. read from verse five. Actually, read from verse 15. I mean, sorry, from verse one down to verse, yeah, let's just read from verse one down to verse 15 of Joshua chapter 2. Who loves the Lord this morning? Amen. Praise the Lord. Joshua chapter 2:5. And it came to pass about the time of the shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out whether they went uh so this is Rahab speaking to the soldiers of the king of Jericho, looking for the two spies that have come into Jericho. And the woman took the two men and hid them, and said, "Thus, there came men unto me, and I was not from whence they were. And it came to pass about the time of the shutting of the gate, when it was dark, that the men went out where the men went. I what not? Pursue after them quickly, for ye shall overtake them. But she had brought them up to the roof of the house, and hid them with the stalks of flax, which she had laid an order upon the the roof. And the men pursued after them the way to Jordan unto the fords. And as soon as they um as soon as they which pursued after them had gone out, they shut the gate. And before they were laid down, she came up unto um came up unto them upon the roof. And she said unto the men, I know that the Lord hath given you the land, and that your terror has fallen upon us, and that all the inhabitants of land faint because of you. For we have heard how the Lord dried up the water of the Red Sea for you, when you came out of Egypt, and what ye did unto the two kings of the Amorites, which were on the other side of Jordan, Seahhorn and Og, which ye utterly destroyed. And as soon as ye we had heard these things, our hearts did melt. Neither did there remain any more courage in any man because of you. For the Lord your God, he is God in heaven above and earth beneath. Now therefore, I pray you swear unto me by the Lord, since I have showed you kindness, that ye will also show kindness under my father's house, and give me a true token, and that ye will save alive my father and my mother, and my brethren, my sisters, and all that they have, and deliver our lives from death. Glory. And the men answered her, "And our lives, our lives for yours, if ye are not this our business, and it shall be, when the Lord hath given us the land, that we will deal kindly truly with thee." Then she let them down of accord through the window, for her house was upon the town wall, and she dwelt upon the wall. And she said unto them, "Get ye to the mountains, least the pursuers meet you, and hide yourselves there three days until the pursuers be uh be returned." and afterwards may ye go your way. And the men said unto her, we will be blameless of this thine oath which thou hast made us swear. Behold, when we come into the land, thou shalt bind this line of scarlet thread in the window which thou didest let us which thou didest let us down by. And thou shalt bring thy father and thy mother and thy brethren, all thy father's household into um home unto thee. And it shall be that whoever shall go out of the doors of thy of thy house into the street, his blood shall be upon his head, and we will be guiltless. And whosoever shall be with thee in the house, his blood shall be upon uh our shall be on our head if any hand be upon him. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may you may be seated. Now, we live in very interesting days. As brother Arman basically stole my sermon, but he he quoted from Matthew chapter 24. The microphone's in my house now. You've moved it. You got to understand that God has a mind and God wants us not to look at physical things. As we've been going through these last few Sundays, we look at the things which are unseen, which are eternal, for the things which are seen are temporal. So we do not focus on the things we see because these things are going to fade away. We understand that even the world knows that the end is coming in some fashion. We they they see that World War II is is on its way. You know, there's wars and rumors of wars as as Jesus said there would be. And and it's, you know, we we read in Matthew 24 cuz we it says in verse one that when Jesus went out, he departed from the temple and his disciples came to him for to show him the buildings of the temple. And Jesus said unto them, "See ye not all these things? Verily I say unto you, there shall not be left one stone upon another that shall not be thrown down." And as he sat upon the Mount of Olives, his disciples came unto him privately, saying, Now they asked him three questions. tell us when shall these things be the destruction of the temple and what shall be the sign of thy coming and of the end of the world and then down through Matthew 24:25 down there he answers these three questions and part of his answer he says for nation shall rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom and there shall be famines and pestilence and earthquakes in diverse places and these are the beginnings of sorrows and we know diverse places means many places so we see the increase of the amount of earthquakes is part of the sign of the end. So we should not be surprised if this called the shaky isles begins to shake. Amen. Very very simple. But we should not be surprised when when we find ourselves maybe in the middle of a of a disaster. You know, as I put on the WhatsApp, you know, we were down in Christ Church during the first earthquake and this thing was nothing compared to that. I'm sure sister Margie can can can agree. This thing was a little tremor. It was really nothing. But I just want to relate that testimony to you again because you got to understand God is in in us. Amen. If you're a believer, it's not just this is not the power of positive thinking. You know, the power of positive thinking can reform a person, but it cannot transform a person. It cannot change your life. It cannot cause a person to forever live above the things that once bound them down. Amen. Amen. Just like myself, I was a I was an alcoholic for many years, but then Jesus set me free. And I've never had to say, "Help me another day." Amen. I do not believe it's man's good. You know, man tries to say, "Well, once a addict, always an addict." Cuz that's man trying to do the best they can. But God says, "Whom the son is set free is free indeed." And I am a living testimony of that. I don't struggle against alcoholism or or computer games or music or things that you know you know worldly music and all these different kinds of things. I've been set free. And if I've been set free, I don't have to try and hide myself in a cave that'll come and get me cuz I'm free. And so, but man is always worried about what might happen. And in Christ Church, it was 4:30 in the morning. For some reason, Christine and I were both awake. We lived in a little place in the and the bedroom was a near uh one-bedroom place. Mezzanine was above the rest of the apartment and it was like so we lived down a quiet street but it sounded like a freight train was coming through our living room and then we heard this sound and then the place violently started shaking. Not this gentle. It was violently shaking. And then so we ran somehow we got down the stairs to the front door. We begin to pray and when we were praying I wanted to keep my eyes open to see what was going to happen. I said, "No, I'm not going to look cuz that's not where my help comes from. My help comes from the Lord." So, I kept praying and the Haiti earthquake had just happened. And I heard testimonies from there about they were having some people having church and the place was shaking. The pastor said, "Just keep worshiping him." And the place fell down. And the testimony of how they the condition of the believers when they pulled out was not a scratch. And there was someone in a classroom in a concrete building. It begins to shake. You know, concrete concrete dust fills the place. He turns to his left. He sees a a a a light in the wall which was a hole. He stepped through that uh hole, went out the place, and the place collapsed. He was the only survivor. Wow. Amen. God looks after us. God looks and and if if we died as someone said, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Cuz this life is but a vapor. And so I was I was thanking God for these things and God came down. We had a glorious time. Amen. And even even we, you know, there was a there was a couple that uh a couple with young children that lived a block away. You know, Jeff and Jane Alfred. I'm sure many of you know them. You know, Jeff Jeff was with his dad over in the States, so it was just Jane alone with the kids at home. So, we thought, well, we better go see how they're doing. And and so we get dressed. You know, there was a uh someone's dish that we borrowed was the only thing that broke. Everything was fine. Now, it doesn't matter. Your place could be literally on fire, burnt down to the ground, or it could be totally fine. It does. It's really irrelevant. You know, you just praise God for it and praise God for the other. Obviously, I need a better house. Amen. Amen. God knows how to orchestrate things. He knows better than this. You can't lose being a Christian. You can't lose. That's what the prophet said. And I I absolutely agree. And so now, so we get all ready, open the front door, and we just live just above. We live there's Belev. South of that's the cathedral or the center of town. We lived just north of that. Every siren that there could be was going off and we thought, "What's going on?" And my immediate thought is, "Well, have I missed the rapture? What's going on?" And I um but then we we we all we had we didn't have smartphones in those days. That was the olden days. We had a dumb phone and we just had the all I had was a little torch on that. And there's all these people. Some are driving up to driving up to the port hills because there a tsunami apparently. running for their lives out the port hills. Heaps of people are standing there just in their pajamas just just standing there about 5:00 in the morning now. Have no idea what's going on. And here we are with my our little phones and all the place is cracked. There's all muddy water surge all over the place and we're trying to navigate through this to to to walk a block. It's you can't see anything. We have these, you know, our little torch lights. This this this thoughts on my mind. Now we now we're going to go see them. And then when I'm walking that way, the Lord says to me very clear. He said, "They which are alive and remain." You're alive and remain, don't you? 1 Thessalonians 4, they which are alive and remain shall not hinder or prevent those which are asleep, but the dead in Christ arise first. They which are alive and remain shall meet them, go with them to meet the Lord in the air. He says, "You're alive and remain." And I said, "Yes. Thank you, Lord." Amen. And we just kept walking on. We were fine. Were you scared? No. Yep. Not at all. Was I scared in this one? Not at all. My family was up in Taranga. God knows how to take care of things. I was by myself. And if you're scared, that's fine. But you got to understand, we don't look to things which you're seeing. Oh, is the building going to fall? What's going to happen? What should I do? You know, you should get to safety. Sure. But don't focus on yourself keeping yourself safe. It doesn't mean you stand there in the middle and and say, you know, where a place is going to fall. You know what I mean? But don't just don't just get so caught up in the these five senses because we're a supernatural people guided by a supernatural God. Exactly right. Amen. David would say in the Psalms, now so all of this is the beginning of sorrows. And I'd say we're not really at the beginning of sorrows. We're really near the end of where we're right there at the end of all things. Amen. And I'm not going to spend much time, but if you even read very simply, if you keep reading Matthew 24, Jesus would say when you see a fig when you see the fig tree put forth as buds and you read Jeremiah chapter 24, if you're taking notes very quickly, it says the figs in prophecy is Israel. Because here in Jeremiah 24, Jeremiah saw a vision of two baskets of figs. And one it says was the evil figs, bad figs, and one was good figs. All part of Israel. He said the good figs will go into captivity, then come back again. The evil ones will go be dispersed into the nations and will never return to the land. That's exactly what happens. So figs Yeah. And a tree in in the scripture is is a nation as well. King Nebuchadnezzar was seen as a great big tree. Amen. His kingdom. And so it says when you see the fig tree put forth this budge. You know summer is not even at the doors. So he's saying so what is that speaking? That the millennium is about to set in. And the fig tree in prophecy is Israel becoming a nation. And we you you look at world history for for the first time in about 2 and a half thousand years. Israel became a nation in 1948. And he said this generation will not pass until all be fulfilled. And many people take that scripture and say, "Oh, those people, you know, you know, Matthew got the got the prediction wrong because that generation that Jesus was speaking to, you know, we're still here." But they don't understand what the scripture says. This generation that sees Israel become a nation will not pass until all things be fulfilled. And how many years down the road are we? Amen. Amen. So there we are. So we're not at the beginning of the end, we're at the end of the end. Amen. But I just I just basically want to speak here very very quickly. I know time has already left us, but um Rahab, she lived on the fault line. I just want you to think about this. She didn't just live in the city. She lived on the wall. And that wall was going to fall down flat. And the wall did fall down flat if you continue to read it. But her house was there on top of the wall. Amen. But she had a sure token. She had a sure sign from God that everyone that came into her house would be safe. Amen. Amen. So friends, don't be afraid of a little shaking. You know, my mom sent me a text the other day. She says, "Don't you know that uh the fault line goes, you know, down lower hut?" And I send her back, "Mom, my understanding is lower hut is the fault line." Amen. That's true. I'm not worried. Rahab wasn't worried. That's it. Oh, should I move my house from the wall? Because they knew, she knew, as we just read, the whole city knew that Israel was going to take Jericho. They knew that their number, you know, the end of their way of life had coming to an end. But there's something about the seed of God, when they know judgment is about to strike, they cry out for mercy. Amen. And you see, Rahab, she she knew if there's a God of judgment coming, he is also a God of mercy. And because he heard exactly what God So God, oh, he poured out his wrath upon the Egyptians. That's just half the picture. He kept the Israelites safe. I mean, I think brother Ian said, you know, Gan wasn't affected by the plagues. You know, where where God's children were, they were safe as they could be. And they had received a token in Egypt of the blood that they put on the door and lentil of the house. It didn't matter how close the death angel came near them, it couldn't come into the house. It couldn't touch them. So, they were as safe as safe could be. So it was judgment to one, but it was it was mercy to the other. And even if you read about Pharaoh's heart being hardened, it wasn't actually God ultimately first that hardened his heart. But Pharaoh had to react to what Moses said. And he resisted what Moses said and it hardened his heart. And even if you read in the book of Acts, it says when Paul was preaching to the Jews that that it said it said that after he was speaking, it said and their hearts became hardened. The D, you know, they became hardened against the preaching of the word. And then he came to a place says low see yourself you find yourself unworthy of eternal life I turn to the Gentiles. So even you know it's actually a person's own free moral choice if they will receive mercy or they will receive judgment. Amen. So but Rahab knew that if if Israel could be safe that she could find safety as well even though she was not even the economy of God at the time. She was a gentile she was a harlot. Amen. She was she was not even welcome in any church poly no doubt in those days but she received a message from God and she said now if God can deliver them I'm sure he can find mercy for me and that's her first thing she asked for and not for herself only but for her family and they said just get them under this same token and they'll be fine. Amen. Hallelujah. It's the same thing with you and I brother Bram says now we know the token today is the Holy Spirit. Amen. It's not the, you know, it's not a piece of string or just a animal blood on a door and lentil. It is the Holy Ghost in you is the sure token that you've passed from death to life. Hallelujah. Because it says, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin. And you shall receive the token. You shall receive the Holy Ghost." Because he says, "For the promise." Now, this is in Acts chapter 2, the first church service ever preached. And he says, and Peter gives the instruction. He says the promise is to you and those who are far off and as and to your children as many as the Lord our God shall call. So that same quickening power that was there in that that was there on the day of Pentecost is available to the believer today. We don't have to cotton but it or make it fluffy or make it whatever it is that same life that was released on Calvary that came upon them in the upper room is available today. And that same life is among us even now. you know, we were we were having some fellowship with brother Matthew, sister Naomi, driving driving uh you know, picking up from the airport and so on and we're talking about, you know, the church today. It's unfortunately it's either people have gone legal and says you must keep these laws, you must keep the word, this is how you be a Christian. And then but then the other half has gone liberal. Just just just keep keep living the same kind of life you are. And the reason that is is because there's no power. Now, this may say sound judgmental, but I'm just I trust you can just just give me a bit of grace today. There's no power in the word they preach to transform the people that they can live above sin, that they can live above their old life. Because if Paul says, "You're a new creature, a new creation in Christ," then therefore, how can I still be the old man? How can I still have the same desires that I used to have? How can I live the same kind of life if I'm a new creation? How can that be? The only reason can be is I'm not a new creation. I've just become religious. And unfortunately, it's it's it's always the same way. People can go liberal and they can be accepted or they can go legal and say you've got to conform to things. Both are wrong. Both of the just just two sides of the ditch on the road. Down the middle is God has a transforming power in his word. Amen. that transforms a person that they don't have to try and be a Christian. It is God in them being the Christian. We don't have to try and live good and try and produce something. There's a life that comes into the believer that produces the life of God. It is not you. Without me, Jesus says, "You can do nothing." And I say, "Thank you, Lord, cuz I know without him, I can do nothing." All it takes is a full surrender to him. And he'll be the Christian in you. Hallelujah. People say, "I want to get closer to God." Just just surrender your life. Amen. Say, "Lord, take me as I am and mold me and shape me into your image." Amen. So, it's not rules and regulations. It's not just being liberal. There's a power in the word. Cuz faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. And when faith comes into the heart, it causes a person, the law of faith causes the people to live above their old life. Amen. Amen. That's why you've got to let faith in the word of God operate in your life. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Because the word will produce what it wants to produce. Amen. That's why it's never conforming. It's never I'm going to turn a new leaf. How many people turn a new leaf every New Year's just on January 1 or two? Oh, that didn't work out too well. If they have a real good, you know, if they're quite a diligent person and very, you know, have a have a strong will, maybe to the end of February, then they turn a leaf again. Why? It's the man is trying to reform itself. But if man is in a fallen condition, how can they reform themselves? That's why it takes God to come to lift us up to where we really should be, change our nature that he can come and live in us. Hallelujah. And then he is the Christian. It's not me. It's no longer I that liveth but Christ that liveth in me. That's what Paul said. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And that is not a nice just a nice phrase that has to become a reality. Amen. Now, David, David would uh you know, so um Rahab, she was living on the fault line, but she heard testimonies of what God did. She wasn't waiting to see what Joshua looked like and maybe how the church was and how the preaching was and all those kinds of things. She heard testimonies of a living God and she called out for mercy. And she was not afraid of what might happen when when Israel was going around because now she had something she had something tangible that she could now put into place. She had a sure token. Amen. Amen. And now it's amazing because I don't want to maybe I will jump ahead of myself but you know it's interesting when we live in this hour that we do and everyone is so caught up in international politics. You know, I just want to read, you know, brother Barham, he had seven seven, he says, seven major continuous visions in 1933. And the first one we know was Mussolini would invade Ethiopia. And he and and and he would he would conquer the country, but then he would ultimately die a shameful death. And we see that the next year 1934 is when Mussolini invaded Ethiopia. And you see photos when he has killed him and his mistress are hung, their bodies hung upside down in the public square. and they spat on all kinds of things. He came to a ruinous end. And then he had the then he had the vision of of an Austrian by the name of Adolf Hitler would rise as dictator over Germany and he would draw the world into war and also show the sigfred line and how our troops would have a terrible time to overcome it and then it would show that Hitler would come to a mysterious end. Now, Hitler, if you look at his rise to power, he came to power in in 33, but it was only in 1934 when when the fullness of his dictatorship really came into being cuz he had to deal with the chancellor or something like that. So, you go read that. And then the third vision was that there'd be three great isms, fascism, Nazism, and communism. And that the first two would be swallowed up in the third. And then the voice of Monus, watch Russia. Watch Russia. Keep your eye on the king of the north. Now notice it didn't say, "Watch the Soviet Union." It says, "Watch Russia." In 1933, there was a Soviet Union. And then when when when the prophet was preaching, the Soviet Union was at its apex. And they're all worried about nuclear war happening. There's a Cuban missile crisis going on. All these different things. The world was shaking in that way. But it said, "Watch Russia, not watch the Soviet Union." And we see that Russia is coming to its position even now. Amen. Amen. And then the fourth vision when its great advances in science after the Second World War and it was headed up in a vision of a of a egg-shaped plastic bubble car running down beautiful highways and the people just playing games, not even driving the thing. Here we are. Amen. And then the fifth vision was the moral problem of the age and the moral decay of the age. And then the sixth vision was an um in America. It says a most beautiful but cruel woman. She held the people in her complete power. I believed that this was the rise of the Catholic Church. Though I knew it could possibly be a vision of some woman rising in great power in America due to the popular popular vote by women. Now, Catholicism came from the pope once upon a time was not allowed in the White House. When Kennedy came in, the Catholics came in and it changed the whole thing. Then you have Pope Francis addressing the whole joint session of the Congress and House of Representatives. So the whole now, but this last and seventh vision was I heard a terrible explosion and as I turned to look I saw nothing but debris craters and smoke all over the land of America. So that was the end of it was America is done. Okay. Now people are looking and people are very excited about I'm just I I'm going political for a second but I just want you to keep don't even pay attention to it. People are saying oh Donald Trump is the last Trump which will introduce you know all kinds of things and he's a trumpeter of revelation all these things. All it is is evangelical Christians being caught up under a political spirit trying to revive the state of the nation. They're excited about reviving the grandeur of America. That's right. But Christians, we love our country, but the success of our country is not ultimately what makes us have a revival. But they're having a church revival because they voted and and and Trump got in and praise the Lord and the antichrist they called didn't get in and whatever more. You know, all these things that they say politics is rotten both sides. Amen. But people get so caught up. Oh, this is going to bring to pass all these things. All I know is that if a prophet has prophesied things and six things have already come into being. Amen. And the seventh is America be smoke bombs and craters and debris. That's right. Then everything that's happening now is leading towards that end point. Amen. Everything you see in world news is coming to that end point. But brother Bram told us before the first bomb drops, the bride is gone. Amen. So I say these things is that don't get caught up in all Trump and he's the trumpet of revelation all these different things. It's just a political excitement because they want to revive the the nation. That's not that's not a real revival. A real revival when God opens his word to you. Amen. When God quickens his word to you and God becomes alive to you. Amen. Just like the Welsh revival, you know, that was before was it 1901 before Isuza Street, people came from America. They came to Wales and they and they got off the boat and they were looking around. They saw a policeman swinging his his stick and looking all happy and all these things. And they asked him, "Sir, where's the Welsh revival?" He says, "You found it. It's in me." Amen. Hallelujah. It's got to be the same thing. The bride's revival is in the bride. That's right. Amen. When you see the spiritual church lining up, amen, with Jesus Christ and walking in harmony with him, Amen. then you know something's really going on. And you've got to understand we're living in that season. So don't look at don't look at what may you know, oh nuclear war and what Putin's doing and what all these things. Don't worry about all that stuff. Our focus is on the Lord Jesus Christ. Our focus is on his word and our walk with him because he has come in this hour to prepare a people to leave this world to go from this world to the next world. Amen. That is that is his focus upon you know upon the world is his bride. And whosoever will let them come. You you read the book of Genesis you know there's 25 year chronicle of of of God dealing with Abraham. There's nations rise there's great conflicts going on. There's civilizations. There's inventions going on. It's not recorded. Why? It doesn't. God doesn't worry about it. His focus was I'm walking with my son. Amen. He's going to be the father of the faith. I'm going to reveal myself to him like no one else up to this point. Amen. He's going to know me as strength giver. He's going to know me as lifegiver. Amen. Amen. He's going to know me, you know, as Malchazdc. Amen. Giving part of myself in the communion as a foraste. Amen. I'm going to change his bodies so him and Sarah can become young again and have the promised son. You say, "How could they come young again?" They go down into Egypt. They're old now. They're older than everyone here. And Abraham, before they maybe get to customs, says, "Zarah, you're real beautiful. Tell them that you're my sister so they won't kill me." Yeah, that's right. Go read it in the scripture. Amen. Here's old grandma, 80 odd years old. You're beautiful. The king will want you to be married. What? Marry grandma? What? A king marries a takes a queen to have a son to succeed him. That's right. You can't marry grandma to have a son to succeed you. That's right. Um, pretty sure that's kind of straightforward. So, how could the king or everyone want to kill Abraham to get his wife if she's no grandma still? What's happened? They were turned young again. You got to read between the lines of the scripture. doesn't take you out of the story. It's all in there. Amen. And so God revealing himself came different ways to Abraham and that was God's focus in that age. How much more today? You look at you look at Israel's in the wilderness. 40 years. A lot of things happen in 40 years. Nations rise, monuments are built, temples are built, pyramids are built. All these things are going on. It's not recorded in those 40 years. Why? God is with his children. Amen. Guiding you around the mountain. Revealing myself. Dealing with them. Amen. What about today? Oh, look what's happening in the world. What is God doing with you? Amen. Don't get engrossed. Hey, sure. Watch the news. Read the news. It's fine. But don't get engrossed by it. Don't get caught up by it. You should be caught up with one thing. Exactly. He is his word, is he not? You should be caught up with a relationship. You say, "I don't know, Lord, how to really walk with you." Well, seek a relationship in his word. Seek him in his word prayerfully, and he'll reveal himself out of his word to you. Amen. Because Jesus is the word. He's not a figure of our imagination, a man who just walked on Galilee, shores of Galilee, and and only. But he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the present God and he is his word. Amen. So now, as I said, don't get caught up with all this Trump trumpet stuff. There's one thing that's going to happen. The that that nation is going to be smoke bombs and craters. And that everything that's happening now is leading to that point. Amen. So, let's not get worried about those things. I'll take off my political hat for a second. Now, David, David went through a lot of trouble in his life, but he had a revelation. He said it a few times. God is my rock. In him I will I trust. He is my shield and the horn of my salvation, my high tower, my refuge, my savior. Thou saveth me from violence. And he'd say in Psalms 18:2, "The Lord is my rock and my fortress and my deliverer. My God, my strength in whom I'll trust, my buckler and the horn of my salvation and my high tower." Psalms 62 and 7. In God is my salvation and my glory. The rock of my strength and my refuge is in God. Psalms 94:22. But the Lord is my defense and my God is the rock of my refuge. And that sounds all very nice, but I just want to hone it down a little bit because Jesus in Matthew 16, he he takes his disciples aside and he's wanting them to really he he's wanting a response from them about who he really is. What has been revealed to them? They've seen a lot of incredible things. They've seen, you know, they've seen miracle after miracle. No man has spoken like this man. But he wants them to respond, "What have you seen in me?" Cuz the scripture tells us he looked like any other man. When we see him, it says in Isaiah 53, there's nothing of him that we desire him. So he wasn't like Christianity today. They, you know, they, all the drawings and things, he's 6' tall, blonde hair, pure white robes. Everyone else doesn't look like that at all, you know, around him. That's not how he was. He looked like any other man. And so here was a here was this man and they and so he asked them he says who do men say that I the son of man and they would say some say you are John the Baptist Elias or Jeremas or one of the prophets because they could see the prophets manifested in him because all the prophets was a a portion of God being poured out. You see Moses lawgiver, you know, that was a portion. Remember Jesus, Jesus was the lawgiver that came, you know, God, I'll say this, Jehovah of the Old Testament is Jesus Christ of the New. Amen. Amen. And so now, the law was given on on Mount Si and Moses, you know, that was a part of God come down as lawgiver and then down through the Old Testament, it was a portion of God being poured out. But then when he be God himself became flesh, it says the fullness of the Godhead bodily was in him. In Colossians 2, I think nine. And so all that God was now was in in one man. The fullness of the Godhead was in him. And so that's why they could see Elijah or John the Baptist or Jeremiah, one of the prophets in the ministry of Jesus Christ. But then he asked them, "But who do you say I am?" So he's not he's really not that interested in what they say. He's asking his disciples, "Who do you say I am?" Yeah. "Who am I to you?" And Peter says those words, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." Yeah. And Jesus says, "Blessed art thou, Simon, son of Jonas, Bar Jonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father in heaven, and upon this rock will I build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it." What is the subject matter? What has been revealed? What is the revelation that you have received of who I am? What's been revealed to the people? Are you one of the prophets? But who do you say I am? What's been revealed to you? You're the Christ, the son of living God. Bless you, Simon Bar Jonah. For flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father in heaven. So, it's the revelation. The revelation of who he is is what the church is built upon. Amen. The revelation of who he is. And this is our rock. Amen. Amen. Amen. God is my rock. Amen. Because he has revealed himself to me and I know who he is. Amen. And the same question is posed to you. Who do you say Jesus is? Amen. Is he just the man who walked Galilee and is coming again someday? Or is he the same yesterday, today, and forever? Is he the living God that's among us? Is he his word revealed? Amen. Who do you say he is? Amen. Because if you just make him a historical god, you're not built upon the rock. Amen. That's right. Oh, he did these things yesterday. Yeah, but you know, I don't know really what he's doing today. He's not personal to me. He has to become personal to you. He has to become your rock. And David had that revelation. And David went through a lot of hardships in his life, but he had the revelation, God is my rock. Amen. Hallelujah. And I trust that he is your rock this morning. That doesn't matter if if if the epicenter of the next earthquake is right under our feet. You'll be as confident as confident can be. God is my rock. And whatever happens to me, it's up to God. And whatever doesn't happen to me, praise the Lord. It doesn't matter what happens. If I die, I win cuz I'm in Christ. I trust you are. And if I live, well, God still has a purpose for me. Amen. Amen. We are here for a purpose. And nothing can take us from this life until our purpose is done. Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. You got to have confidence in him. God is my rock. God became Rahab's rock. Rahab wasn't worried what's going to happen to her house. Now, grace grace in the um grace in the Old Testament, in the New. It's very interesting. There's a change because there's a promise that's in Ezekiel. that God will write his word in the hearts of the people. Wait, let's just read that. Let's go to Ezekiel 36. I just want to read this. So, 26 and oh no 36 sorry need to turn a page 3625 so there's a promise now in the Old Testament if you go look you look at all the definitions of the word grace in the Old Testament it's to properly to bend or stoop in kindness to an inferior. So, it's a stooping down to help someone that's lower. That's what grace is in the Old Testament. But in the New It It is that, but it has a greater meaning. Because we have this promise. Now, I want you to notice now all the times God says I. It's not you, it is I. Okay? Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and you shall be clean. From all your filthiness, and from your idols will I cleanse you. And a new heart also will I give you. And a new spirit will I put within you. And I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh. And I'll give I will give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes. And you shall keep my judgments and will do them. So there's a promise of the New Testament because it had to happen yet because the blood of bulls and goats could never change the worshipper. That's right. Amen. The blood of bulls and goats was not the same life as as human life because humans have souls. Animals do not have souls. Well, why is that? You go back to Jesus's day and the chimpanzees in Jesus' day are the same chimpanzees today. They forage the same way. They build the same things. They they their whole life pattern is the same. But then you go to the people in Jesus's day, they had they had, you know, donkeys, they had boats, you know, they're living just in the Iron Age, basically. And then you come to people today and I'm anywhere in the world. Amen. I can go to I can go to the moon. Amen. I don't I don't just mean figuratively. Literally, man has gone to the moon. Amen. I can I can jump on a plane and I can fly somewhere. You know what's happened? Cuz man has a soul. is trying to em better himself. He's different to animal life. And so, so now grace in the so notice he says I will do this. Now grace in the New Testament now the first time the word is mentioned is Luke 2 and 40. And the child grew and wax strong in spirit filled with wisdom and the grace of God was upon him. Now this word grace it's graciousness just like uh similar to the old testament but the meaning is different. It means of manner or act. It means um figurative or spirit um a spiritual but it says especially the divine influence upon the heart and its reflection in the life. That is what the word grace means. It means a divine influence upon the heart and its reflection in the life. It's not the same as the Old Testament. Why? Because they were under the blood of bulls and goats in the Old Testament and the life that was shed on their behalf could not change them. So if they if they brought an animal for a sin they did, the desire they had to do that sin was still in them after they gave the animal. But they were justified in the sight of God. Yeah, but they were still the same when they left, you know, they didn't change. But now under the blood of Jesus Christ, now by faith, when you receive what he has done for you, Amen. He changes your nature that the things that brought you to under condemnation to begin with, you don't leave with them. Hallelujah. And so that's why grace now is a divine influence upon your heart and it's a reflection in the life. So when grace comes upon you, there's a divine influence comes into your life. Amen. Amen. That causes you to live above this world. And that's why he says, "And after he has cleansed you up and given you a new heart, a new spirit," he says, "And I will put my spirit within you and cause you to walk in my statutes, and you shall keep my judgments and do them." Why? Because there's a divine influence has become upon my life. Grace is not God just winking at the things we do and you can just stay as you were. Jesus always said, "Go and sin no more. Least a worse thing come upon you." Amen. And so real grace is when the when God comes upon you and it changes there's a there's a change in the influence in your life. There's a new life has come in and that is reflected in the life that you live. Hallelujah. Amen. Now Rahab, I'm just going to maybe just settle on this for a while, but Rahab, I could say a divine influence came upon her. Remember Rahab is a shadow of you. Amen. We live on a fault line. This whole world is shaking. Amen. There's no We know we sing the song, but there is no sure place to stand. Doesn't matter if you move to America. Doesn't matter what continent you go to, there's strife, there's war, you know, there's polarization of of of ideologies, you know, all these different kinds of things going on. You know, this world is falling apart. America, you know, America is bankrupt. Yes. And they just raised the debt ceiling. Oh, let's just raise the debt ceiling. Let's just raise the debt ceiling. The whole thing's broken. This world is broken. And I'm not saying that to scare you, but you got to recognize the only You could be anywhere in the world, but if you're not in Christ, you know, you're on shaking sand. That's right. But if you're in him, you could be living You could be living in the middle of Damascus. Amen. You could be living in whatever war zone and you'd be safe as safe could be. I'm not necessarily talking physically safe. I'm talking what is real safety. Amen. Amen. This thing, if the if the world goes on, is going to be in the grave. Yes. If time goes on, this thing's going to be six foot under someplace. Someone's going to bury me and say some probably nice words and throw some flowers on the casket and bury it and done. But what about your soul? Amen. That's right. What about the real you? Yes. And so Rahab, she acted. Now remember, she was a harlot. She had a bad name to begin with. No doubt. No doubt in Jericho because remember how they part of their religion was part of their warfare in those days. They'd have religious ceremony and they ask their gods to bless their troops that they'd be successful. Then they'd go into battle. So no doubt their churches would have been full. Their temples would have been full. They would have been offering sacrifices, doing all kinds of things, you know, that that they would defeat these Israelites. So there would have been a great religious fervor going on in Jericho. But here was Rahab, and once upon a time her house was a den of prostitution because she was a harlot. But now she turned it into a haven of rest. Hallelujah. Amen. She turned it into a place of safety. Amen. Because a divine influence came upon her life and she knew if God could deliver Israel out of Egypt, they can deliver whosoever comes into my house. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And so now, friends, I trust that you I know time has slipped away, but I trust you're in the same manner. It doesn't matter where you live. Remember, if we won't read it, but at the same time, go read Joshua. First part of Joshua, it says the walls fell down flat. Amen. And Israel went in and took the land. You know, took the city. Where was her house? On the top of the wall. Amen. What happened to her house when it fell down flat? It was still intact. Amen. That's right. Amen. After the whole thing fell. Hallelujah. And that was under the blood of bulls and goats. Amen. That was under the blood of bulls and goats. That was Old Testament. That wasn't even New Testament. That's just a shadow of what you enjoy now, what you have now. Amen. So, her house fell down flat. I mean, you know, the wall fell down flat. Her house was now on ground level and they're all safe. They're all well. They had all their possessions. Nothing was lost. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. And it's the same thing. You have to remember, I think I think brother Kuba said, life and death is in the power of the tongue. And you have the ability to create an atmosphere around you. You can create an atmosphere of doubt and unbelief and fear just by the word you speak. And you must understand if you are the bride of Christ, you have the power of the spoken word in you that you can create an atmosphere or change the whole course of events by the way you speak. Amen. There's a, you know, there's one, I know it's a phys, I mean, a natural thing, but, you know, uh, there's a church in Louisiana, Brother Tim Puit's church, and they're doing mission work into Japan. And there was a there was one of the brothers who was going on the mission work. He he met a a um a man he had never met before on a job. And this other guy was a Christian as well. And he's saying, "We're going to go to Japan and we want to share the gospel." And so this guy who had never met before never met before says, "I want to I want to donate to to help you go." And then so it says, "I'll I'll write you out a check and I'll and I'll send it to you." Then so the next day, you know, this brother goes talk to brother Tim and says, "Well, you know, maybe he'll just give like $500. You know, he won't really give a whole bunch." Brother Tim says, "No, he's going to pay for your tickets and he's going to give this church $10,000 towards the mission work." And that's exactly what happened. And then they went on the trip, they came back again. He gives the report to this guy who funded it. And then he says, "Well, I want to give again." And so this guy, this brother goes talk to brother Tim, says, "Well, maybe you'll just give a little bit again." He says, "No, he's going to do exactly the same thing." And exactly the same thing happened. Amen. It's exactly if sickness strikes one of your children. Remember, if you have the token, you moms and dads, your children fall under under that protection. Amen. So if they're sick, if you if you if you sign for the sickness, if you receive that sickness, well, maybe we just have to live with this for a little bit. What's going to happen? Little Johnny's going to be sick. But if you say, "I do not stand for this. This is not my portion. I do not accept this." Amen. You remember that. Amen. Then God will back up what you say. Amen. Amen. You got to be conscious of when God, you know, just this is not the power of Paul speaking. Amen. God has a power in you. But if you confess the wrong or the bad, those things will happen. Amen. But if you speak in faith, Amen. If you recognize you're a son and daughter of God, Amen. Hallelujah. You're living under a very different kind of anointing than the world is. This world is unfortunately scared and confused and not knowing what's going on. But we've re we have received a sure word of prophecy. Amen. Amen. We've received a sure word that we don't have to walk in darkness or in fear. Amen. So whenever people, you know, they might not know what they might not want what you have, but don't accept what they're trying to give you. That's right. Amen. You know, don't come under their little cloud of fear. No, you don't have to. Just like at work, people have a certain kind of atmosphere, certain kind of, you know, I I said, you know, at my work when I was there full-time, I'm now there part time, but when I was there full-time, Friday was always a chaotic day cuz it's Friday. We got to get everything signed off and done. But I came to the conclusion, why should I get stressed with everyone else? It's all going to get done anyway. It's all done anyway. We all We all get everything signed off by the end of the day. Why I get all why raise the blood pressure for for eight hours just to get it done? I said, "No, I I don't accept this." Amen. But if I accept that atmosphere, oh yes, we're all scared. How's this going to be? We're still going to get it done. Do you want to get it done the stressed way or just just just get it done and go home another day? It depends what you speak, what you receive. Amen. It's like it's like little Gabriella there. You know, well, you all know the Tesmine had that dream that she'd be born still born a month before she was born. If I accepted that, I believe she wouldn't be here today. I said, "No, I do not accept this. She's going to be born and she's going to be alive and it's going to be all right." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And we're driving to the hospital and we pray in the car and Christine totally forgot about the dream and she was born. Amen. Sure. She twisted the birth canal, all the things, but she was healthy and she's well. Amen. Amen. Then brother and then and then and then Liam had that lesion thing coming out, popping out. Nothing the doctor could do could settle it down. I gave that testimony. Brother Arman heard what I said. We do not accept this sickness and it went away, didn't it? Go away. See, because of the power of the spoken word. Amen. Amen. That's right. Amen. That's why that's why don't create an atmosphere of fear around you. Amen. or or unbelief, you got to say, "No." That's why you got to speak. You dads, moms, you got to speak to your family and say, "We're believers." Amen. We're under a sure token. Amen. I've met God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Have you or have you not? Amen. Amen. Abraham met God. Paul met God on the road to Damascus. All the believers down through the ages have met the Lord Jesus Christ. That's right. He's the same. Hebrews 39. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. Amen. You say, "Well, how do I know there's a divine influence come upon you?" Amen. And the life you once lived, it's not in you to live it anymore. Something's happened to you. Amen. This that's why you've just got to you have to This is the age. Amen. Of the manifestation of the revealing of the sons of God. Amen. What really was you know, you look at Rahab. Where did she get that scarlet? Where did she get the token from? She had it in her house. Amen. That's right. She had it in her house. She had that scarlet rope thread in her house. Amen. But it would faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. She had to hear the testimonies what happened in Egypt. But then she had to say to the spies, I want mercy. Amen. And that changed her whole life. Now she wasn't under the influence like everyone else was afraid. That's right. In Jericho, she had received mercy. And so it's the same thing with you. Now remember, she was told, "Get everyone under this token and they'll be safe." Amen. It's the same thing with you. There's a seed in you. Hallelujah. We believe in predestination. It gives a lot of stability. Hallelujah. Because once really saved, you can never be lost. Amen. God is a God of stability. And so now God, it's the same thing with us. We had the token, but then when you heard the word for your day and something quickened on the inside of you, then it can be displayed. Amen. Then it can be put into action. Hallelujah. Amen. Because that seed that was in you, that was laying in you. Amen. And you were looking for things in life. Surely this is how it is. And maybe you studied and tried to work things out, you know, but then one day you heard the word and it's something quickened on the inside of you like nothing else has spoken to you. What's happened? Same with thing with Rahab. Then then you can put the token on display. Amen. And what is that token? You create a spiritual atmosphere around you. People know you're different. Amen. people. You know, when I was at university, I worked part-time in a kitchen as a as a as a dishwasher. During that time, I meet the Lord. I don't tell my workmates who had known me from the very beginning anything had happened. But then Christy and I get married. She works in the same kitchen for a little bit. And they say to her, you know, we are so happy when Ben met his God. Was before he was empty, depressed, and down. What had happened? Something had happened. I didn't need to say anything. They knew something had happened to me. Yeah. Amen. There's an atmosphere. Remember, a sheep doesn't plan to grow wool. It doesn't, you know, you know, they don't have a team meeting in the start of the day. Now, boys, see this grass? We're going to eat this paddic. We're going to, you know, our quota is going down. You know, cheering season's coming up. Come. We got to We really got to do it. They just live. They feed on the right things. They feed on the right grass. And it just there's a life in them that grows the wool. Amen. Amen. It's the same thing with a believer. We don't have to say now Lord. Yeah. Because we're called to be conformed to the image of the sun. I want these seven virtues in my life. I want to be the very image of Christ upon the earth. And I know I've got to do this and do this and do this. No. There's a life in you. You feed on the right kind of things. That's right. And it lives. Amen. That's the truth. Amen. You just got to let it live. That's right. That's all you have to do. Just yield and let God have his way. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Let's have musicians come, shall we? That's all you have to do. Create an atmosphere. And Brother Bram says people will come under the influence of that atmosphere you create. Amen. And they'll drop right into it. That's why he says in love and godly consideration, you pray and then you say, "I'm going after I'm going after my son or daughter or whoever it is." Say, "Lord, you catch them when I go." What is that? You're applying the token. It's not saying some handrasy thing. You put it in action. Amen. Rahab put the token she had into action and she got everyone she would come into this house that used to be a den of prostitution. Come in. This is where it's safe. Amen. Now you say, "Well, people will never believe me." Her family believed her. Amen. Oh, it's just some hatched up idea. But eventually they saw her something had happened to her. And they could see she's a different kind of woman. Amen. And it so it doesn't matter now. You say, "Well, lots of things happened to me in life that have been bad and my situation whatever more." Don't look at where you're from. Look at where you're going. Amen. Let the past be in the past. Amen. Just lay it under lay it under the blood and just walk on. Amen. She didn't let her past hold her back. Amen. Just under the blood of bulls and goats. How much more us? Amen. I want to I want to sing that song again. It is well with my soul. If you like to all stand with me, I trust it's well with your souls, friends. I trust his grace has come upon you. His divine influence. Amen. If it hasn't, why don't you talk to him now? This is not religion. I don't want religion. This is reality. What what happened to me nearly 9 years ago changed me forever. Amen. And it wasn't I wasn't looking for it. I wasn't a religious person going to churches and churches, but God found me. Amen. Now I say it works. Amen. So I I trust you can say it is well with my soul. Well, my soul of course is well with my soul Is well. It is well with my soul. and peace like a river. My way through My love has for me to say it is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, Lord. Oh, with my soul. Yes, it is well. Yes, it is my soul. Oh sh. Amen. Heat. Heat. Yes, my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, with my soul. It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Think about it. My sin, all the bliss of this glorious star. My sin not in heart but the whole is nailed to his cross and I no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, with my soul. It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. And Lord, haste the day when my face shall be s. The clouds be rolled back. Yes. As a stroll. Amen. The trump shall raise down and the Lord shall be saved. Oh, even soul. Yes, it is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Amen. But Lord is for thee for thy comeing way. The sky of the grave is our go. Amen. Oh, shout. Yes. All the angels. Oh, voice of the Lord. Oh, is my hope. Yes. Blessed grace on my soul. It is well. Amen. Oh, with my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just go to Hallelujah. Let's just go to um let's go to the next song, shall we? Down from his glory. Ever living story. My God and Savior came in Jesus was his name. Hallelujah. Amen. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid, friends. All is well. Down from his glory, everlivinging glory. My God and Savior came. And Jesus was his name. Born in a manger to his own aanger. A man of sorrows and me. Oh, how I love how I All the great and all God is Althion bringing us redemption. that in the dead of God. God one faint open son. God gracious tender laid aside his splendor to me to work to win to save my soul. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. and all God's glories without reluctance. Flesh and blood is substance. He took the form of man, revealed the hidden lamb. Oh, glorious mystery, sacrifice of Calary. And now I know thou are the great Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, how heat. Heat. Heat. and all God's glory. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Amen. Let's just pray together, shall we? Father, with our hearts of just so thankful, Lord, we're so glad, Lord, you came down. Father, bring us redemption, Lord Jesus. without money or price. Father, nothing we could do, oh God. We just accept it, Lord Jesus. Father, we praise your mighty name. You haven't left us in this dark hour. Lord, you haven't left us stumbling in darkness wondering what's going on. But Lord, you've become a personal God to us, Lord. Father, you're a living God, Lord. You're our comforter, Lord Jesus. Father, you're our peace, oh God. Father, you're our guide, Lord Jesus. You're our king. You're our husband. You're our priest. You're our sacrifice, Lord. You're our sustainer, oh Lord. You're our protector. You're our defender, oh Lord Jesus. You're the lover of our souls, oh God. You're our bridegroom, Lord. You're our coming king, Lord Jesus. I praise your mighty name. Thank you, Lord, that we can be standing on a fault line, but yet we are as safe as safe can be. Lord, we have no fear, oh God, because we have a sure token, Lord. Doesn't matter what happens to this world, Lord. Father, you said you'd keep us, oh God. You would protect us, oh God. You'll keep us safe, Lord Jesus. Lord, we praise your holy name. Lord, we don't worry, Lord. If this is our last time in church, Lord, we praise your holy name. Lord, if we leave these doors and it's our last time alive, we praise your holy name, Father, because Lord, we know death is just a travel bus to get us to where we really want. We really where we want to go. Oh Lord, we praise your holy name. Lord, we're so glad we have blessed assurance. Jesus is ours. Oh, what a foretaste of glory divine. Lord, we praise your holy name. Oh, Lord. What a blessed assurance that you belong to us, oh God. Hallelujah. Oh, we're bought with a price, Lord. We're your property, Lord Jesus. Praise your holy name. Father, I pray for each one here, oh God. Draw them all to you, I pray. Take all fear out of every heart, Lord. May they not worry about what may happen. Lord, may look at your promise, Lord. Father, your word is work worked all the way from creation down to now. It cannot fail. And Lord, you've caused us to believe your word in this hour. We thank you, Father. You've promised us a way of escape in this time of trouble. Lord, we look for you to come and snatch us away, oh God. We praise your holy name, Lord. Bless each one, oh God. Father, as we go our separate ways, Lord, bring us safely back together tonight for the communion footwashing service, Lord. Father, may we have a special time around your table, Lord, with thanksgiving that Lord, we've passed from death unto life. Lord, doesn't matter all the burdens we carry and the struggles of life and whatever we may be facing. We've passed from death under life, oh God. Hallelujah. We praise your holy name. Yes, Lord. Oh Lord, have your way among us, we ask. Father, we commit each, Lord, each one here into your hands. Dismiss us with your blessing now. We pray in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just as we go. Amen. Let's just sing. You chose me. Hallelujah. Amen. The God that saved you is not going to leave you here. Amen. The God that met you is not going to leave you here. He doesn't just make you a believer just to leave you to go into darkness. Remember, this message came to take a bride into eternity. Amen. This is why I said we're not preparing for a tribulation. Amen. We're not preparing for a tribulation, but we're preparing for a rapture. And God has given us what we need to be ready for that rapture. He's released his word to transform us that we're rapture ready. Amen. He's released a word and his word never returns to him void. It will accomplish that which is sent forth and it's sent to transform you to place a power in you. Why is the spirit of God in me to take me in a rapture? Amen. You have that assurance. This is what this says. It says he that believeth Wait, wait. I just need to read a scripture to you. Says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you." John 5:24, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me." Trust you can put yourself in the scripture. Hath everlasting life has it now and shall not come into the condemnation. The condemnation which is the judgment but is passed from death unto life. So that judgment is a great white throne judgment. Him that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me is not going to the great white throne judgment. Amen. Has everlasting life and has passed from death to life. This is a bright scripture. Who believes? Amen. Whose the word has transformed and changed them. Amen. You're not the person you once were. Amen. Why are you not the person you once were? Because grace has come upon you. Divine influence upon your heart has happened. Well, I have this and I have this and I have this. Don't worry about those things. Rahab was a harlot on the wall. Bad place to be. Wasn't welcome in any of their churches. Wasn't welcome in their society. Really, she was a harlot. Oh, look at these two foreigners going into that house. I wonder what they're going there for. Amen. She was the least likely one to be delivered in that time of destruction. Amen. She wasn't the military. She wasn't the religious people. She wasn't an important part of the society, but she received mercy. Hello, Rahab. Amen. Oh, my life is not in a good situation right now. What has God made you? Amen. You're not once you want. You see, I'm I'm not the person I once was. I'm now different cuz he has changed me. And if he's changed me this much, he's going to transform me all the way to a body change. Amen. Let's sing this, shall we? Were it not for thy nail scar hands? Nail scar hands and thorny men were in thy love for me. unfailing love that chose Calary. Then such a one time I would have no and I die. But thou, oh Lord, you took my place. Yes, you did, Lord. You took my place. You took my place. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. And you bore my sin on your shoulders when you could have had it all. He chose thee to be the one that you would die for. The one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave, the one that you would care for, the one that you would raise, the one that you would see through every storm. In every way you chose me. You chose me. Your head was bowed and your body. Oh mercy called the ransom. You gave and I took on your shaking shoulders my s for the price you paid and sle them desire Oh my god. But thou, oh Lord, it's of my place. It's of my place. It's my place. as you. Oh, and you hold my s on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for. The one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave, the one that you would care for. The one that you would praise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose me. You chose me. And you bore. Aren't you glad he bore your son? And you bore my sin on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be. The one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would praise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. He chose me. He chose me. me. You chose me. Yes, Lord. You chose me. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. God bless you, friend Judah Smith and Jesus Christ. Wow. Hello. Peace. singall. Lord. Heat. Heat.
