################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-02-11 - 16 0207e Free Indeed - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-02-11
Title:   16 0207e Free Indeed
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rG3B0OMjgOs
========================================

[Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. For our Lord God Almighty reigns. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For our Lord God Almighty reign. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For our Lord God Almighty reigns. Hallelujah. [Music] Holy, holy are you, Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. For our Lord God Almighty [Music] reigns. [Music] Hallelu. Hallelu. God for our Lord God Almighty [Music] reign. Hallelujah. [Music] Holy, holy are you, Lord God [Music] Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God. Alm mighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] for our Lord God Almighty reign. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. for our Lord God Almighty [Music] reign. [Music] Hallelu Hallelu for our Lord God Almighty reign. Glory Lord. We thank you for the wonderful father you are. We love you more than anything else. Glory. Amen. Amen. Welcome to Sunday night's service. Couple of notices, three notices. Um no men in the mother's room, please. There are um some feeding going on. We obviously don't want to disturb that. And then um the second notice um after the service, if you could please use the back door and not the side door. Um that'll be much appreciated. And then the third notice tomorrow when we pack up. I don't know I I don't know about you, but I don't want to go. Um but I probably have to go. Um so tomorrow would be done by 3 p.m. But I'll probably repeat that tomorrow morning um as we begin the service. And then we've got three specials tonight. So once again, um the song that we're going to sing before before that will be uh one of them and then after that we're going to have some specials. Um and then we'll go into the worship. So when it's your turn for a special, we're going to have u sister Merrill and then we're going to have Bethany and Helena and then um Sister Kim, Sister Emma, and um Sister Leverne. Um so in that order um so if you can come up if you're next um that'll be much appreciated. Uh let's stand. We're living the jubilee. Yes, we are. [Music] Years and years I labored. Toil and tears were my me since my dentist took me prisoner. Sold me to slavery. But every day that I toil, the 49er, the 49th year was the longest year. And then I heard the trumpet sound. When I heard that jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard that jubilee, I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Years and years of confusion. I had eyes but couldn't see. The enemy had me stumbling in darkness turn into slavery. But then I heard the prophet speaking. Heard the voice behind the voice. He opened up the word and let the light shine in. Said, "You can all go free." When I heard the jubilee, I'll walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free and I'm going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. And when I heard the Jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the Jubilee, I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And him whom the son set free. He is free indeed. Oh Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And whom the sun sets free. He is free indeed. Oh heard the jubilee. I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee I walk free. And I ain't going back to slavery. Because Jesus has set me free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. I walk free. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. And I'm going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Because Jesus has set me [Music] free. Oh wow. That song is such a blessing. Oh yes. [Music] I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say, "This is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. For he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. For he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courts with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made Let's sing that again. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say, "This is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made me glad." Oh, he has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. Oh [Music] Lord. Oh yes. He has made me glad. And this weekend I've learned so much. And I've been revealed so many things this weekend and I am not ashamed of this message. Right. One of them they were gathered in the upper room all praying in his name. They were baptized by the Holy Ghost and power and service came. Now, what he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad to send them say I'm one of them. Though these people may not be first and worldly fame, they have built it [Music] into Jesus' name. And now telling now both far and wide, his power is yet the same. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come, my brother, seek his blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. that will start the doorbell ringing, will keep the soul of flame. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Can we sing verse three? Is that all right with you guys? Verse three. Come my brother, seek his blessing that will cleanse your heart from sin. That will start the joy bells ringing and will keep the soul of flame. It is burning now within my heart. All glory to his name. I'm so glad to sit and say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. One of them. One of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, one of them. One of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Wow. One day we'll walk through his gates and he's going to have his arms stretched out out like that and is going to greet us. Each of us. Oh, wow. All right. I think that's uh the first You can all have your seat. Um, Sister Mer There's a light in the window. Tables spread with [Music] splending by the open. [Music] I can see the Crystal River, so I must be there forever. You see, I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world's been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I can see the families gathered. Sweet faces all familiar. Oh, no one old or feeble anymore. How my lonely heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying for I've never been this home stick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and are ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home set before. [Music] I have heard the end time message as spoken by the prophet. He told me of my bridegroom love for sure. The king of glory under has given me his promise and I've never been this homesick before. Sing with me please. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been in this home before. Oh, I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father's tendee at the door. This world has been a wilderness and a ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The trial of this world was getting closer. The pull I felt was more than I could bear. And I was on the verge of giving over. The strength within myself just wasn't there. But something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my [Music] trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's our reality. Something keeps holding me. Satan laid before me his tempt of his desire to steal away my faith that I have found inside the revelation that by his grace he'll keep me in This race something keeps holding me. Every day I see he's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me [Music] constantly, giving me victory. He's our reality. Something keeps holding me. Jesus keeps holding me every day. I see. He's helping me faithfully to overcome my trials, guiding me constantly, giving me victory. He's our reality. Jesus keeps holding me. He's our reality. Jesus keeps holding me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I sense an awesome moving [Music] of the Holy Spirit. And I see his countenance resting on your face. And I know that [Music] there are angels. [Music] hovering all around us. For the presence of the Lord is in this [Music] place. He is here. [Music] Hallelujah. He amen. He is here. Holy. Holy. [Music] I will bless his name again. He is here. [Music] Let hear him calling out your name. is here and you can touch [Music] him. You will never be the same. I searched for peace among the shadows, dark and lonely. And I gave up on that and lasting love. And I tasted all the things that sin could seem to offer me. But today I feast on mana from [Applause] [Music] above. He is here. [Music] He is here. [Music] Holy, holy. I will bless his name again. [Music] be easier. Listen closely. Hear him calling out your name. He near. You can't touch him. You will never be the same. You can't touch him. You will never be the same. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Isn't it wonderful? I tell you what, I I hear songs like that, it just gives me goosebumps. Oh, before we get into the worship, we there are a couple of new songs that we sang this week. If you want the recordings, we've got recordings and we've got the lyrics. So, get in touch with me if you want um copies of the song so that I can email it to you. Let's stand. Lord, we pray that you receive our worship and all humbleness we come to you. Amen. Pass me not, oh gentle Savior. Hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. We'll begin with a chorus. Savior, [Music] Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. [Music] Pass me not, oh gentle say, if you're here my humble cry. [Music] While on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art go holy, do not pass me by. Let me at a throne of mercy. [Music] Find a sweet relief kning there in deep cont. [Music] Oh [Music] Savior, Savior, hear my humble cry. While on others thou art called holy you not pass me [Music] by trusting only in thy [Music] merit would not take thy faith. Heal my wounded broken spirit. Save me by thy grace. Oh savior, [Music] savior here my humble cry. While on others thou art called do not pass me by. Thou the spring of all might come. Comfort more than life to me. Whom have I on earth beside thee? Whom in heaven but [Music] thee. Savior, Savior, hear my heart cry. While on others thou [Music] arty, you not [Music] me. Amen. [Music] Were it not for thy nail scarred hands? Nailed scarred hands and thorny veins. Were it not for thy love for me? unfailing love that shows [Music] Calary. Then such a one condemned as I would have no pardon and I die. But thou, oh Lord, you took my place. You took my [Music] place. You took my place. [Music] And you bore my sin on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for. The one that you would raise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. [Music] Were it not for thy nail scarred hands? Nail scarred hands and thorny bands. Were it not for thy love for me? unfailing love that chose [Music] Calary. Then such a one condemned as I would have no part and I die. But thou, oh Lord, you took my place. You took my place. You took my place. And you bore my sins on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for. The one that you would raise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose me. You chose me. And you bore my sin on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would raise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose me. You chose [Music] me. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. You chose me. Oh Lord. Oh Lord, what can we say? Lord, you chose us and we are indebted to you and we give what we have Lord and that is our lives. We give it to you because it is you that have it all in anyway. You've got it Lord. You have it. Oh, we are a moment. You are forever. Lord of the ages, God before time. We are a vapor. You are eternal love everlasting, raining on high. Sing it out of your hearts. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praisees, honor and glory be unto your name. Be unto your [Music] name. We are the broken. You are the healer, Jesus redeemer, mighty to save. Yes, you are. You are the love song. We'll sing forever, blowing before you, blessing your name. [Music] Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. I his praisees, honor, and glory be unto your name. [Music] be unto your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Highest praise is honor and glory be unto your name be unto your name. Hallelujah. Amen. The shout of the king is in the camp. Hallelujah. I see victory tonight. I see total victory tonight. Hallelujah. Just just a s stand at the back and see hands raised. I see victory. Hallelujah. Amen. Our brother Al is going to minister the word to us. Amen. And God is going to do what he wants to do. And we're going to say yes, Lord. Lord. Hallelujah. God, you know, you just step up here. You feel such a pull. Amen. That's your fault. Hallelujah. God, there's no God is present. Amen. God is here. Amen. If you haven't seen him yet, open your open your heart just once and you'll see him present here. This is not excitement or some emotion. It's God. God is present. Our redeemer is present. Oh, I want to see Jesus. Open your eyes. Open your eyes. You'll see Jesus. Hallelujah. Let's just pray as our brother Al comes. Amen. And then we'll sing the chorus a time or two just as you come, brother. But but I just like to pray. Let's just give him just let's just thank him. I just want to thank him. I mean, let's just thank him together. Gracious father, we've come to thank you, Lord. We come to lift you up high and high above all else. Oh God, we've come to praise you. We've come to give you glory. Lord, something in us just says, "Worthy art thou. Worthy art thou, lamb, mighty lamb of God." Oh, you're such a strong lamb. You're a powerful lamb. Lord, you wrestled and you overcame, oh God. Father, we're so thankful that you are bloody. You were wounded, but you overcame. Father, you conquered everything. Hell, death, and the grave, and you rose again. Hallelujah. You're not a dead God to us, Lord. You're a living God. Father, you're the great I am, oh God. We want to praise your great name there, Lord. That you would wash away our sins, Lord. That you'd redeem us, oh God. Father, that you'd come down to where we are, oh Lord. Father, we're so thankful that you made us worthy. You made us worthy, oh God. You've redeemed us, oh God. Father, we praise your mighty name tonight, Lord. Father, I believe there's victory here, oh God, because you said it is finished that day on Calvary. And we just see your victory being lived out every day. Your great victory being lived out every day. And we thank you, oh God. This is another day to see your victory lived out, Lord Jesus. Oh, Father, I pray you'd help us yield to your Holy Spirit, dear God. Father, may we just yield ourselves now. Father, may we be pliable and flexible and yielding to your word. Father, as it comes forth, dear God, may we just surrender ourselves. Dear God, lift us up into heavenly places, oh God. Father, if we're not there, Lord, if there's anyone here who doesn't know you, God, Father, may just go to where they are, dear Lord. Father, you're a gentleman, oh God. Father, you don't force yourself upon anyone. Oh God, help us to open every door, Lord. I pray, Father, may you just have your way in this service, dear God. Father, we could we could literally live here the rest of our lives and just recount the great things you've done. Father, we're looking forward to what you're going to do tonight, dear Lord. Father, your people are believing. You're here, oh God. Have your way among us, Lord. Have your way among us, dear Lord Jesus. We pray, oh God, have your way among us, Father. We ask Lord. Oh in Jesus Christ's name we ask these things dear God. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. So just before we start. So just before we start, Sister Hunley said to me Brother Pete in the hospital. She said, maybe I should get a t test. She said Pete's legs the same, but he's rejoicing. Amen. And he says, God is dealing with him like he's never dealt with him before. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Victory. Hallelujah. What happens? Who cares about the body? Amen. If God deals with a soul, but you can always get sick again. But if you're redeemed, you're redeemed. Amen. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad God's not confined to walls? Amen. Where he goes to where his children are and he can come to where you are right now. Hallelujah. Let's just sing this. Amen. Just as our brother Al comes. It's a privilege to have brother here. Hey, sister Priscilla. Amen. And it's also Amen. Come forth God Almighty. Worthy is thou among [Music] us. I is praising [Music] all unto your name. Be unto your name. Holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, worthy. Heaven and highest praise. Amen. [Music] [Music] Glorious loving father tonight. Father, we can never pray enough, Lord. Oh God. And we Lord, we just thank you, Lord, from the inside of the inside, Lord, for what you've done, Father. Lord, and we also thank you for what you are doing right now, Father. Lord Jesus, you're a God of now. You're the I am, Father. Lord, we call that I am on the scene tonight, Father. Lord Jesus, your word is here, Lord, in bride form. Your word is here in Holy Spirit form, Father. And your word is here also in written form, Father. Lord, we pray tonight, Lord, that that word alone will be manifested, Father. Lord, because you've promised, Lord, when I be lifted up, Lord, I will draw all men unto me, Father. And we want all men to be drawn to you tonight, Lord. Father, you know the needs tonight, Father, you know every need in every heart tonight, Lord. You know every question, Lord. You know every complex. You know every challenge that people are struggling with, Father. Lord Jesus. And you know, Father, what it will take to break those bonds, Lord. Father, but Jesus breaks every feta, Lord. Lord, and you have already broken those fetterss on Calvary, Lord. And I pray tonight that you will give revelation, Father, of those fetters that are broken, Lord. God, we love you and appreciate you, Lord. And Father, we just calling you on the scene again tonight, Father. We pray that you will, Lord, cast out any wrong spirit, Father, Lord Jesus. And we pray that your angels will encamp around us now, Lord. make your word alive to us, Father. You're the author of the word, Father. Lord Jesus, it's only by your authority, Father, that we can bring the word, Lord. Father, and we call that authority on the senior. We ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you very much, musicians. Amen. God bless you, brothers and sisters. It's a privilege to be here tonight. I'm just so humbled and so excited about what the Lord has done for us so far. You know, the Lord is I wonder if you can take your seats just for a moment as I just kind of get adjusted for a moment. But you know, it's just what it I marvel in how the word is continuous and how the Lord opens the word to us and how simple the word is becoming. Amen. I just marvel at how the Lord is bringing things that, you know, that it's deep. But deep no longer means intellectually out of my hands. Amen. Out of my reach. Deep doesn't mean something that I, you know, that you have to have a PhD to understand. Amen. Hallelujah. There's a brother in Australia. He calls a PhD a post hole digger. Amen. And you know the other day I I read a quote where brother Brandham speaks about the post hole digger and I wonder whether he got it from there. But anyway, praise the Lord we uh we don't rely on those things my brother and sister. What we relying on is the experience. Brother Aram speaks about how when God sent the the disciples out, he said he didn't say go teach the nations. Amen. He said go out and preach this gospel. He says by what? Testim test testifying of what the Lord has done for you. And it and it goes with with signs and wonders following. Amen. Because Jesus Christ is on display. Amen. And as our brother Timmer has said, I mean, when Jesus Christ is on display, that makes another Jesus Christ in the next one. Amen. And that's how these these things get get perpetuated. Amen. That's how disciples are made. That's disciplehip is that every next one is following God in the previous one and becoming that. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, before I want to start tonight, I will say that um I'm not going to preach anything that you haven't heard already this weekend probably. Um as we were traveling down on Friday, the Lord inspired a specific thought and um gave me a number of scriptures and things. So just as a real kind of framework and skeleton of of what he placed on my heart to to bring to you tonight. And then on Friday night when uh I think it was brother Isaac that introduced the the new song and the camp theme song, I was jumping out of my seat. Amen. And I was having a little jubilee because that's the title of of the sermon. Amen. But yeah, brother Tim has already preached most of it and brother Ben has preached the rest of it. So, praise the Lord. I all I will do tonight is I'll be like one of those men. I think it was Joshua and and another one who held up Moses's hands. Amen. So, tonight I'll just hold up brother Tim's hands and and just say amen to the things he said so far. So you can relax now and you know there's you're not going to hopefully you're not you're not too tired to follow where we're going tonight. It will just be very simple. But I trust that the Lord will just somehow touch your faith tonight. Amen. So I wonder if we can stand together and go to John chapter 8. Hallelujah. I'd like to also just bring greetings from Stratford from the assembly there and just say we appreciate brother Ben and we appreciate the the assembly down in Wellington. Amen. And just um we kindred spirits and like close friends and we just have close ties with him and just really appreciate them. But we also appreciate what the Lord has done for them. It's amazing to think it's been more than four years now since they since they started and what the Lord has done in this time. Amen. John chapter 8 and we'll start from verse 31. Then said Jesus to those Jews which believed on him, if you continue in my word, then are you my disciples indeed, and you shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. They answered him, "We be Abram&lt;unk&gt;'s seed, and were never in bondage to any man. How sayest thou, you shall be made free?" Jesus answered them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, whosoever committh sin is the servant of sin, and the servant abideth not in the house forever, but the Son abideth ever. If the Son therefore shall make you free, you shall be free indeed." I'll just read that last verse again. If the Son therefore shall make you free, you shall be free indeed. Lord Jesus, we just commit this word into your hands now, Father, and pray that you'll have full control and freedom, Father, to go where you would like to go, Father. Lord, we commit the service into your precious hands now in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You may be seated. Now, I want to pick up this thought from the perspective of the birth of a little human baby. And by the way, Brother Tim, I'm one up on you. The Lord, I haven't got to the finger technology yet, but hallelujah. Amen. So um I want to speak from the principle of a human baby or for that for that matter any baby in the womb of its mother. Amen. And how there's a process that needs to happen for that for that little embryo to be transformed into a little human being walking around on this earth. And if if that little baby could think like an adult would think, that little baby would would be in that womb. And as you can see, nice cushy safe environment. Amen. Food and drink on tap. Amen. Safe as can be. Why on earth would that little baby want to get out of there? Amen. And if you started telling that little baby, well, here's the benefits. Amen. here where you are. You can't walk. Walk. What's that? Amen. You can't talk. Well, what's that? Amen. You can't experience things. You can't use your senses. You can't nothing. All those kind of things. You can convince that little baby with nothing that it's better to be on the other side. Amen. However, the reason for that baby being there in the first place was never to be in that womb. Amen. the reason for its existence, the reason for it starting to grow, the reason for the the food that's being pumped down, that connection with mom and and all of those things. The whole point of that is that there needs to be an expression someday. Amen. There needs to be an expression where there needs to be a breach made. Amen. And that little baby can come forth in the manifestation. Amen. Of that little seed that started the whole process. Amen. But that little baby may be very very scared. Amen. Because I mean quite frankly this big world out there is really scary. Amen. Instead of this little small cage that is in now suddenly is this huge wide world with all its influences with all its sicknesses with all its devils with all those things that that little baby needs to face now. Amen. So before that baby has experienced life, life can be a very daunting thing for it. Amen. Now, in that same kind of thinking, you can also sometimes have prisoners that when they've served a long sentence in prison, they've gotten so used to every day in the cell, same old thing, food gets supplied, you know, I don't have to plan, I don't have to think, I don't have to. Nothing. Amen. And when they need to go out into the real world, I mean, they can be fearful. There's stories of guys that's really fearful that doesn't want to go out there that doesn't want to face what we see as normal anymore because they're afraid of what we see as normal. Amen. Just because they've gotten used to being confined. They've you be become used to being dumbed down. They've been used to just everything is decided for me. Amen. I don't have to make choices. Amen. Sometimes for children, that's the hardest thing to learn to make choices. To learn to, you know, to see that there's multiple options and if I make that option, I'm going to I'm going to, you know, hurt this one and if I'm if I choose that option, then I'm going to impact that one. What's the best way to do all those kind of things? Amen. And if you sit in that prison cell, well, the warden just said, "Shut up. Sit there. Right now, it's time. Come out. Time for lunch. Go back. Time for shower. Go in there. They decide everything for you. Amen. Am I allowed to this or that? No. Okay. End of story. Amen. But maturity and freedom, Amen. is much more than that. And you can be afraid to to to go out of that prison gates. Amen. And and have to face those things. Freedom is sometimes scary. But now of course once you are out and once you are experiencing those things and once you are used to those things now who would ever want to go back amen I'll ask anyone here who wants to go back into mommy's womb. Amen. Why on earth would we want to do that? Amen. Now to be confined to that little space and you have no choice. You can't express yourself. You can't fellowship. You can't nothing else. Amen. All the things that you were afraid of are the things that you now enjoy. Amen. Are the things that you don't want want to to remit anymore. You don't want to get, you know, lose those things anymore. Hallelujah. So, with that as a little bit of a background, I wonder if we can turn together to Deuteronomy 15. You all know exactly where I'm going now. Praise the Lord. Deuteronomy 15 and we'll start from verse 12. And if thy brother, a Hebrew man, or a Hebrew woman, be sold unto thee, and serve three uh serve thee six years, then in the seventh year thou shalt let him go free from thee. Amen. The elect cannot be kept bound down beyond six ages. Amen. In the seventh age, in the seventh time, amen, she can go free. But then the flip side is outside of election that doesn't apply. You have to have a to be a Hebrew in type. Verse 13. And when thou sendest him out free from thee, thou shalt not let him go away empty. Amen. Now, we've heard so much about the Jubilee this weekend. Amen. We've heard so much about that principle of the Jubilee year. Amen. And that freedom that comes with it and all those kind of things. Amen. That is the time when God can fully unleash all the blessings upon us. Amen. We were in bondage. Amen. Is now being flooded with spiritual blessings just like this one. Amen. They were a slave to someone else, a Hebrew. Amen. They were enslaved to another Hebrew. And at the seventh year, they not only let go, but they are lavished with blessings. Hallelujah. Thou shalt furnish him, furnish him liberally out of thy flock, and out of thy flock, and out of thy wine press, of that wherewith the Lord thy God hath blessed thee, thou shalt give unto him. Thou shalt remember that thou was a bondman in the land of Egypt, and the Lord thy God redeemed thee. Therefore I command thee this thing today. And it shall be, and this is one of the saddest things for me, it shall be, if he say unto thee, I will not go away from thee, because he loveth thee and thine house, because he is well with thee, then thou shalt take an all and thrust it through his ear unto the door, and he shall be thy servant forever, and also unto thy maid's servant thou shalt do likewise. Now, just like that baby or that little prisoner, Amen. There's someone here who's entitled to a birthright. Amen. In the lineage of Abraham, Isaac, Jacob. Amen. They have all this rights. Amen. They've been given an allocated portion in the land. Amen. But they've got accustomed to being dumbed down and work for someone else. Amen. And be confined and and and their rights being limited and so forth. Amen. And someone that say, I don't want to make a life for myself now. I don't want to go out and fend for myself. Amen. I need the slave master now to dictate what I'm allowed to do. Amen. We all know that story of Johnny Crow that Brother Bram speaks about. Amen. That little crow that he was he was fastened and he could only only walk in one specific circle and he couldn't get away any further from that specific spot than the length of the string. Amen. And eventually when they untied that string, Johnny Crow was so used to being confined to that little area, he still was just walking around that same spot like many believers round and round and round and round the same spot, not going forward with the Lord. Why? We are scared to take him at his promises. We are scared to accept the word for ourselves. Amen. We are scared to to let go and let God have his wonderful way. Amen. Like that Johnny Crow. Amen. and just nud down, dumb down, and go round and round and round that same spot. God said in the word in Isaiah, "And it shall be at that day, sayaeth the Lord, that thou shalt call me Ishi, and shall call me no more Bali." Amen. We heard those things over the weekend. Amen. Is she husband? No more Lord. Amen. He wants us to come from being a slave. Amen. To have relationship. He wants us to come from being down. Amen. To be the M of the house. Amen. To be the one that the other slaves look up to now. Amen. There's a special position reserved for this bride. Like our our brother said over this weekend. Amen. Not a concubine. Amen. We are not just a virgin anymore. We now have experienced the husband and we have free access to him. And with those things, we have rights. Amen. We have a place. We are part of him now. Hallelujah. Amen. And nothing can take that away. Amen. Through the prophet, we've heard, I no longer call you church, but I call you bride. Amen. But we can say, "Well, I don't feel good enough for him." Amen. And he's going to look at all my mistakes and he's going to this and you know, I don't know how to relate to him as husband. Amen. Just get the revelation. Hallelujah. Brothers and sisters, it comes automatically because you are built for it. Amen. Just like that little baby is built for for coming out of the womb and being expressed. Amen. Like I said, cross that bridge. Amen. And being expressed into much more than just the dumbed down potential by the reality of a human being. And in our case, a reality of a son and daughter of God. I wonder if we can also just quickly turn to Exodus 21. It's the same story with just a little bit more detail in it. Exodus 21 from verse two. If thou buy an Hebrew servant, six years he shall serve, and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing. If he came in by himself, he shall go out by himself. If he were married, then his wife shall go out with him. If his master have given him a wife, and she have borne him sons or daughters, the wife and her children shall be her masters, and he shall go out by himself. And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, my wife, and my children. I will not go out free. Then his master shall bring him unto the judges. He shall also bring him to the door, unto the doorpost, and his master shall bore his ear through with an all, and he shall serve him forever. What happened in in this write up? What happens is this person got gains while in slavery. This guy's got a wife, has got kids that's now entangled in the slavery and is now being pulled into between the gains and freedom. Amen. Just like we are, every one of us when we make this decision, we have that exact same thing. Amen. In so many different ways. Like that rich young ruler, he had so much invested. Amen. He wanted this and that. And it was a one-way street. It was this or that. Amen. God or mammon. Amen. He he couldn't take both of them. I mean the the scripture even speaks about how um those who you know we we we have to let let our husbands and wives and family and fathers and mothers and everything stay behind for this prize. Amen. This pill of pill of great price. Now of course what I'm saying is not you know leave your husbands and leave your wives and that kind of thing. What I'm saying is my brother and sister I've seen so many people who does not want to go forward with the Lord because they don't want to do it with husband or with with wife. Amen. Or struggles with the thing that if if I go forward with this message, it means that I'm saying that m mom and dad wasn't right. Amen. And how can I then basically categorize them as being wrong. So now I'm not going forward. Amen. That's not God's way. Amen. God's approach is he knows. He's in control. Amen. And and by your life, if your life gets changed, you might impact their lives. Amen. Because once you become a disciple, mom and dad can become disciples too through your life. Amen. Because you can also live the token back for mom and mom and dad. Amen. Because once you become Jesus Christ on display, they going to they're going to want to lick the salt lick. Amen. As we become more salty. Amen. Mom and daddy is going to want to lick that salt lick because they're going to experience from you what you experienced when you first came in contact with the word. Amen. And God knows whether they predestinated or not. And with human emotions, my brother and sister, obviously we're sad that mom and dad, you know, may not be predestinated. Amen. But the reality is in this bride, there's the power. Amen. that the things they did for you raising you and the things they did for us, my brother and sister, they can get life at the white throne for those things. Amen. So even then, my brother and sister, it's worth the while to take God first because no matter what, he's got it all in control. Amen. We don't have to break our minds and figure it out first. Amen. Can you imagine this little baby? He's in this womb now. Amen. And he's thinking, "Shall I or shalln't I?" Amen. Will I or won't I? Amen. Is it safe to go or not? Let me check. Can I, you know, are there multiple horses I could back on this one? Amen. Can I make sure that that whichever way it goes that No. Amen. It's total submission. Amen. And the same way with the son and daughter of God. This is the day of jubilee. Amen. This is that day. For 2,000 years, the church was bound by false teachings and things. Amen. This bride brider went down to a stump. Amen. But God has restored. Amen. God has restored completely. That same life that's on display now in this bride is the same Jesus Christ that went into the ground in the first place. Amen. And that life is now on display, my brother and sister, to bring a jubilee now for this bride. Amen. Like our brother said, coming completely now into the bride age, being lift away. God is inviting us as individuals to come out of Leodysia. Amen. We are not any longer part of that. Amen. As God gives us personally that rebirth, as God personally works with us, my brother and sister, you are you are given all the potentials and all the life and everything you need to fly high in the bride age. Amen. While this world is still timewise caught in Leodia, my brother and sisters, you don't have to be anymore. You can cross that bridge. Amen. You can you we are eagles. Amen. We're not stuck in manage thinking anymore. We're not stuck into intellectual conceptions of God anymore. We can now soar in heavens. Amen. We can let this word lift us. My brother and sister. I want to say this word is the best thing that could ever happen to any human being. Amen. But this word left on the rack, this word not eaten, this word not apply to daily life, my brother and sister, is useless to you. Amen. But when we eat this word, when we become this word, when this word is the impetus behind us, this word is the life behind us, my brother and sister. This word is the eagle anointing in this day. Amen. The seven spirits before the Lord's throne. In every time, God expresses himself in a different way. And the expression in this time, my brother and sister, is the fullness. Hallelujah. That Pentecostal age was just under the under that man anointing still. Amen. Isuza Street was still under the man anointing. Amen. The eagle anointing came when the word fully broke open. Amen. When the seals were broken. Amen. And God fully could express himself now as the person of the word to us. We are now living. And you know these are concepts that we can just they can become cliches and things my brother and sister. We are living in the throngs of the rapture. We are the rapture. Amen. Because I've heard that a million times. You know, I've heard that over the pullpit so many times. It needs to become reality to you my brother and sister. Amen. We have received the shout and we should by the rebirth by the work that God does in you personally by your growth in Jesus Christ and your relationship with him become the voice. Amen. So that you are ready for that body change my brother and sister. Amen. And I'm not saying these things from a pressure. Come on guys. Let's all work this thing up. Amen. I'm saying submit to the word and the word will do it. Because the word is the only thing that's got power in it to do it. Hallelujah. Brother Bram speaks about the false freedom. Amen. There was a false freedom given to in Constantine's time. Amen. To the Christians. They were saying, "We won't persecute you anymore. Come on. let's just, you know, let's just all be friends and Amen. But that's a false kind of freedom because the it's the same kind of freedom that the serpent offered Eve. Amen. Which is a man-made version of God's real freedom. Because freedom is only inside the word. Amen. And it's the same same same freedom that Satan offered Jesus Christ when he came in the temptations. Amen. The kind of freedom which was, hey, just fall down and worship me. Amen. And he offered Jesus a shortcut which would cut us out. Amen. Because he wouldn't pay the price and and we wouldn't be there. And of course, from a predestinated perspective, that could never happen. Amen. But Jesus Christ was his match over and over. Like brother Bram says, this time he he hit one with a with a million volts. Amen. And when that stinger went in, Amen. his stinger was pulled out that time. Hallelujah. That same freedom Satan is still offering today, which is a freedom which is false. Amen. It's a false birth. It's a still birth that's being offered. Brother Brandon makes a statement in the Thotyron church age. He says, "Now why does God God call these churches his churches even though they are the false vine?" Amen. Why does God call general Christian churches his churches even though they are the false vine? The truth of the matter is that they are Christians, but they are not Christians of the spirit, capital S. They are Christians of the flesh. They are bearing the name in vain. Exactly what our brothers been speaking of. Mark 7:7, "How be it in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men, but indeed they are Christians, for what else could they be? A mahabhan is a mahabedan. That's that's his religion. No matter how he lives it because he subscribes in theory to what the Quran teaches." In the same way, a Christian is a Christian as long as he subscribes to the fact that Jesus is the son of God, born of a virgin, was crucified and died and rose again. that he's a savior of mankind etc. In fact, in the Leodysia church age, there will be those who call themselves Christians because they subscribe to the fine qualities of Jesus while reserving to themselves the right to deny his deity. Christian science have done that already as well as the multitude who preach a social gospel. He is a nominal Christian and belongs to church but is not a true or spiritual believer. That kind of a believer is one who has been baptized into the body of Christ and is a member of him. But nonetheless, it it is in God's order that the tears grow up with the wheat and they are not to be uprooted. That's the commandment of God. The day for binding and burning is coming, but not yet. Amen. In our opening scripture, my brother and sister, Jesus was speaking to the Pharisees. And they were presenting a man-made intellectual version of freedom. And Jesus was saying, "The ones who the son of man has set free." Amen. The one who he has set free is free indeed. Freedom has only got one source and that is Zoe. God's own life. God's own life is the only source of freedom. And my brother and sister, I want to say very bluntly and sorry if that steps on your toes. You can be a one-man denomination. Amen. You can have you can say this is what I believe and nothing else. Amen. And everyone else is wrong and everyone else is not this and everyone else is not that. Amen. We can be a one-man denomination in just like in the in the in the um association of Christians just what we read just now. You can have people who are not really Christians. You can have people with a message label who are not really message. Amen. Who's a one-man denomination inside the message. Hallelujah. Now, we've spoken about the birth and I've already done it. But I just want to clearly now link this example to the new birth because really that's where I want to get to today. Amen. We can be afraid of the new birth experience because what's on the other side of the new birth? Amen. And of course, I'm saying this from the perspective of somebody that I I believe I have the rebirth. Amen. But I'm preaching it from the perspective that maybe there's some of us who who don't. Amen. And it might be that you have a major challenge thinking what will it be like? What will I have to sacrifice? What will change in my life? Do I have to let go of this? Do I have to let go of that? All those kind of things. Amen. We can be afraid of the rebirth when we are still caught in prison. But when we are set free, my brother and sister, you would never want to go back just like that baby. Amen. because it's a freedom that you have never experienced if you've never been there. Amen. And I want to say it's actually impossible for somebody with a rebirth and and don't get me wrong, don't get the wrong idea. Amen. But it's impossible for somebody with a rebirth to intellectually explain to you. Amen. What it's like, what it is. Give it in a nutshell. Give it in a little recipe. Do ABC. Tick these boxes and you got it. Amen. It's not about that, my brother and sister. It's about Jesus Christ doing it himself in our lives by his own will. [Music] Yes, sir. We heard this weekend already about the attributes of God. And I'm just going to pick that up. In God's minds, in God's mind, before time began, there were attributes in there. There were attributes, Father, Son, Holy Ghost. There were the redemptive attributes of God. Amen. provider, savior, healer, all those kind of things. But attributing God was also Elray Robertson and your name. Amen. If you believe you've been there. Each one of us, my brother and sister, if we if we ever have part of Zoe, we were there in God's mind. That attribute of us was in God. Amen. And that attribute just as much as God desires if we can even put those kind of human attributes to God, God desires to express his fatherhood and his sunship and his healer uh attribute and all those kind of things. Just as much as that, God desires to express you. God desires for that birth to take place. God desires for that expression that was there in his mind to come to fruition to bring forth. God desires, I'll put it this way. God desires for the vision that he had of you when he was Elohim, dwelling with his own thoughts to become manifestation. That's right. So that he can have fellowship with his attributes. So that God can have relationship with attributes. Excuse me. So that self-existing one dwelt there with his thoughts. The next thing that happened was in the beginning. And that in the beginning, the first time that we could pinpoint something that has changed so that we could measure time from there was God expressed it in word form or logos form. Amen. And don't let the terminology trip you up. We can get so hung on on hung up on terminology. Amen. Logos is God's word expression. Amen. When God spoke his attributes the first time. Amen. I always say, and this is just me. I mean, don't take it as anything more than just me. But what a big bang. Amen. When God expressed I wanted to say God was like a big balloon that blew up and blew up and blew up and at some point he couldn't contain it anymore. He needed to express all those thoughts now and he expressed those thoughts. And when he expressed those thoughts, logos came forth. Word came forth. He said it. And part of what he said there, my brother and sister, the potentials of you and I were there. Part of it. Amen. And I believe personally that our theophonies were right there in that word because our theophonies are just our word part just like the logos is the completion of God's word part God's word expression the expression of all the attributes that were in God and your little expression of was of what was in God in word form is your theophony and that was expressed there. Amen. We read in John 1, how the word or the logos was made flesh. The God part came to earth, took on flesh and walked the streets of Galilee in the form of Jesus Christ, the Galilean. Amen. Brother Ram shows us that Jesus did not bypass his theophony. And he and he says in one place he said he says Jesus's mind could go back to those things. Amen. But we bypassed our theophies. And what brother Brandham says what happened with us in our case. I hope this is not this is not too deep. It's really really simple. Amen. It's so simple but it's soly spectacularly special when you take that personally my brother and sister. And this is the cleanser for me. The thought that was in God's mind. Amen. He said we bypassed our word expression. He took the thought or the seed or the potential or whatever you want to call it. Amen. The attribute of you with your name on he put it on earth inside your soul. And that attribute is now walking around. And in some cases, those attributes sit in souls that hasn't been regenerated, hasn't been reborn yet. And in other cases, by the Lord's grace, they are in souls that have been reborn and are now expressing the life that was in that attribute. And that's God's whole point is to get that attribute just from his thought dumbed down in that prison. Amen. To bring it forward. Amen. To express his life on earth. Amen. That's why you're here. Amen. That's why we are here. Our soul with the attribute of God in my brother and sister is our eternal part. And it's that part that God brought here. And that's the whole reason we are here on earth. And you know what we often do? We spend all our effort on the spirit and the flesh. And really the spirit and the flesh is just a little prison for that soul so that God could do something special with that attribute and the soul so that he could bring her to something that he's seen in his vision before the foundation of the world. Amen. And we struggle with this flesh and we struggle with the spirit and we get sick and we get down and we get complexes and we get all those things. Amen. Hallelujah. And God is trying to show us my brother and sister. There is potentials in you. There's nothing that can stop that little seed from growing when God eventually pours the water of the Holy Spirit on it. Amen. And I want to say that as an encouragement. I know people struggle. Do I have the Holy Ghost? Amen. Do I have the rebirth? I want to say we should not worry about whether we have the the the Holy Ghost in the spirit realm. The first and foremost thing is to get the rebirth. But then like our brother said, you can have the rebirth in the soul now, but then your spirit can be so cluttered up with complexes and with all those things that God cannot manifest through to the spirit and then again from there to the to the body. Amen. But first and foremost, my brother and sister, we need that rebirth. We need that more than anything else. And that rebirth is Jesus Christ in person on the throne of your heart or soul, however you want to put it. Amen. But then, my brother and sister, this bride has also got all the other potentials of God available to us. Amen. He wants to come and clean up your spirit. God wants to be able to now re our spirit. Amen. And there's that that scripture, I can't remember it right now, but speaking about the man who reigns his own spirit and those kind of things. Amen. God wants to the real you now. Amen. Live to express God in your spirit realm and from there again to your flesh realm. Hallelujah. I've lost my place, but praise the Lord. I'm enjoying myself. Amen. Amen. So that rewinds a little bit. And the one that left home only come to the earth to serve his purpose. He's speaking about you and me now. He's not speaking of the theophony there. I believe personally because we have bypassed our theophony. So I believe what he says there is the attribute only come to the earth to serve his purpose. Is that right? All right. Then after it's finished, it's brought back in a glorified state. It's matured and brought back again. God sends the attribute here, my brother and sister, to be matured. And that attribute can only be matured in one way. And that one way is not a lot of fun. We heard about it. Resistance training. Amen. Resistance training through trials. I'll come back to that. I just want to leave that there for a moment. Brother Rams preaches that that message um power of transformation. Amen. The power of that seed to bring forth of itself. Amen. And the transformation is happening when the Holy Ghost rains water on that seed. Amen. And really, it's the word in everything. And I so enjoy that when you read it. It can confuse you totally if you let it. Amen. Because it's the word that's you read the word through your senses. But the word is also the Holy Spirit that anoints you. And the attribute is the potential word that's in you. And the theophony is the word that's not in you. I mean, it's the word is just everywhere. I mean, God does everything through the word. The point is he's trying to express just like the expression of God is love. The expression of God is his word. It's the selfs same thing my brother and sister. Amen. And it's that word that does the complete work in us. Amen. It's the word that brings us to a rebirth. If I say it in another way, it's love that brings us to a rebirth. It's a desire for fellowship and a desire for relationship that brings us to the rebirth. And the desire, my brother and sister, is more so on God's part than on your part. Amen. God desires more to re to relate to you in that relationship than we do to relate to him. Amen. Why? God had that absolute desire to express himself as a healer. Had the desire to express himself as a savior. He had the desire to express himself as bridegroom. Amen. is the desire for you to come forth, my brother and sister, so that his word where he says, "I will have a bride and she will be spotless." So that his word will come forward by his doing completely by his doing that life in the seed being transformed into a reflection of the original seed that came back on that came into the ground. Hallelujah. And once the seed is expressed, I mean, once you have a whole tree of apples, why on earth do that does that whole tree want to go back into that original seed again? The same principle with the birth. That's the purpose of the seed is to express. That's the purpose of God's attribute into you is to mature and come back to God again in matured form. Look at this beautiful way in which brother Brandham says this here. Be careful here and see this. It's not the person that comes predestinated eternally from God. It's the word or seed. That is it way back in there. Too far back for the human mind to grasp the eternal God with eternal thoughts uh thought and decreed. Jacob have I loved but Esau have I hated. He can think is it that simple? Did God sit there aons and aons and aons of time ago? Amen. And think, Jacob have I loved, Esau have I hated. Yes. Amen. And read your name in there, my brother and sister. And don't go the pessimistic route and I'll probably just be an old Esau. Amen. That's not the point. The point is you cannot do it. Yes, you are dirty. Yes, you are vile. Yes, you are weak. Yes, you're never good enough for God in yourself. Amen. But the seed is in there. And it's not about this flesh. It's not even about your spirit. It's about God on the inside of your soul. And he wants to express and he's going to express whether you like it or not. Amen. Hallelujah. And neither was born and neither had had done good or evil. See, it was the thought and then that thought became expressed and God brought back Jacob because Jacob alone was seed. There was potentials in Jacob. Like brother Ram says about that woman at the well and the priest. Amen. The one had seed, the other one had not. The one looked vile on the outside. She was in sin. She was in absolutely you she was she was a prostitute. And then you put the priest next to and he looked so good and you would say, "Well, God can work with this one." Amen. God looked at the seed only. She had God inside in potential form. And when that the word came across her path, she said, "I perceive that you're a prophet." Hallelujah. See, it was the thought and then that thought became expressed and God brought back Jacob because Jacob alone was seed. Jacob alone had the seed. That's why he had respect to the birthright and covenant of God. If you are true seed, you will hear that word. The spirit will baptize you into the body of Christ, filling you and empowering you, and you will receive the word for your day and age. Did you read anything about yourself there? You will do this or that. No, he will do it in you. Amen. Hallelujah. See how clear the true evidence becomes when the word is revealed to you again. No, Jesus was the royal seed. He lived in a human body. When the spirit called to him, the word manifested thought. Hallelujah. I love how the prophet sees things. I love it. Amen. And we can confuse ourselves so much, but it's so simple. When the spirit called to I want to say Jesus, who was the word manifested thought, he went to the Jordan and was there baptized in water. Why? The word in him did what the word expected. Amen. In the Old Testament, there was the type lamb had washed before it's being offered, being presented. Jesus Christ stepped into the thoughts of God and the word of God and he lived it. Amen. So, he went to that Jordan and he got baptized and he went through that process. Why? because that's how the type patterned out in heaven and that's how his life typed it afterwards. Amen. He went to Jordan and was there baptized in water. Upon obeying the word, the Holy Spirit came upon him and the voice said, "This is my beloved son. Hear ye him." The voice did not say, "This has become my son. Jesus was the son. The Holy Ghost positioned him as that son before them all." Then having been fold thus and the same pattern holds at Pentecost and ever after what you are already sons. You are already daughters. He went in demonstrated power received the full revelation of God and from God for that day just like you will receive the full revelation of God and from God for this day. Amen. I'll put it in this way and I've kind of said it already but our attributes are when we are born here on this earth with this cross between serpent messed up hybrid bodies that potentials of God that attribute of God is in prison in this body. That's right. It was clouded over by human flesh, by human thinking, by human complexes, by human memories, by things that got that hurt us, by all those things in our spirit. Amen. And that needs to be set free. And the rebirth is the process by which that seed starts growing. Where that seed seed is now by the Holy Ghost and starts growing and come forward starts that daily overcoming. That's the point my brother and sister like brother Bram speak shows us um I think it's in future home where he speaks about how up to that point that serpent nature is in the soul but when the rebirth takes place that serpent nature is taken out and the dove nature is put in we get that nature chain amen does it mean that from that first moment now everything is honky dory and that we're just going to do things life is going to be easy and we're just going can overcome everything. No, that just sets us in battle array. Amen. Because what's happening is we just crossing Jordan. Now there's all these strongholds to go and face now. Amen. There's the fight really starting. But sinners lost a grip of control because now suddenly God is on the throne. God is the ultimate father. I said I'll come back to this. I'll I'll do that now. God teaches us through trials and there's no other way than teaching us through resistance training so that he can train and make strong our faith muscles. And that's part of becoming mature in Christ. God never will take all the trials away because then we learn nothing. Amen. And I said that in church recently, you know, sometimes you have visitors with little kids and and mom and dad just go around and, you know, put all the vases and things on rack so the kids can't touch it. Why are you [Laughter] laughing? What happens is those kids never learn anything. Amen. Because the reality is if mom and dad doesn't deal with a situation, they learn nothing. Amen. And all we do sometimes there's there's parents that do that until kids are 40, 50, 60 years old and mom and dad is still intervening. Police has got them again and dad will go in and sweet talk and try and Amen. We have to learn. We have to grow. We have to we have to find opportunities to teach our children. And God does the same thing, my brother and sister. God allows us. God does not jump as soon as we're going to get to trial, jump in and keep the trial away from us. That's not his way. Amen. God allows a trial that you can stand and you you you grow a little stronger and then God allows another trial. Amen. And then he and he he as you grow stronger, he will allow stronger and stronger trials to come. That's how we get stronger. Amen. When you have a muscle man and he just, you know, keeps on practicing with a 20 kilogram, you know, weight, he's never never going to get anywhere. As he can do the 20 kilogram easy as he'd start with the next one and the next one. And that's what God does. Why? He's a good father. He knows it's good for us. And he knows, my brother and sister, in fact, God and that's the awesome thing. And that's the one of those things that we we kind of don't want to hear because it's not really fun when in practice. Amen. But God has a vision for you. When God was just Elohim dwelling alone with his thoughts, he had a vision what he wanted to achieve through your life. And God custom makes trials for us personally to achieve the expression that he had for you. Amen. Amen. And I never want the life of that prophet. Hard life. Amen. You know, brother Bram speaks about how people say, "Oh, I wish I had that gift." But they don't have any idea what trials come with that kind of gift. Amen. But my brother and sister, every member of the body of Christ, every attribute of Jesus Christ has a job, has a role, has a function in the body. And God is going to allow the exact trials to come across your path to make you what he wants you to be. And God does not waste pain. God allows pain to let you grow so that tomorrow you can help someone else or so that he can form you or so that he can let you learn obedience through the things you suffer. Amen. Our prophet was for me when I look at brother Brham's life you know you see so much of Jesus Christ in there. Amen. The reason why when brother Brandham came to the end of his ministry, when God said do this, he would do it absolutely unquestioningly was look at his life. Look at how God had trained him in a hard way humanly speaking. Amen. His wife died, his daughter died, and several of his family members died. All those things happened with him because of one simple mistake from our perspective. Amen. But God was teaching him when he went to South Africa. Amen. God taught him step by step. When I say something, I mean it. Amen. And God taught him obedience through the things he suffered. God doesn't just randomly let trials come. Amen. There's nothing random about a trial. Again, when you're in the middle of a trial, it kind of doesn't feel like that. Amen. But my brother and sister, God specially selected the exact trial necessary to achieve something in your life. Amen. Now, I know it's not even humanly practical to expect us to get excited when a trial comes. Amen. But if we had eternal vision, we would. Amen. Because ultimately all that we're going to take with us, brother Bram says, is character. And the the the way between that seed that was just potential in God's mind and the mature seed that comes out with character is trial. And ultimately, that's the only reason why you're here. To build character and serve God's purpose while you are here. And then of course God orchestrates it in a way that just totally blows our human minds. And that is in millions of lives he interact those people with one another to achieve in every one of those lives exactly what he wants. Amen. We can't I mean we can't even plot it on a computer if we have to. Amen. And God had it all planned beforehand. Hallelujah. So God sends those custommade trials. But look what God says. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. Let's turn there together. Jeremiah 29. Yes, Jeremiah 29. We love to quote that scripture by itself. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord. Thoughts of peace and not of evil. Hallelujah. Amen. You can say amen to that part. But now look at where the the Bible says that Jeremiah 29 and we'll start from verse 10. For thus sayaith the Lord that after 70 years be accomplished at Babylon, I will visit you. He's letting them go into Babylon. He's letting them go into major trial. Amen. I will visit you and perform my good word toward toward you in causing you to return to this place. Is God angry with him? God's got a purpose. For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, sayeth the Lord, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end. I need to send you there to achieve my end is what God is saying. Then shall you call upon me, and you shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you, and you shall seek me and find me when you shall search for me with all your heart, and I will be found of you, sayeth the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity. Amen. Then they come to the expected end. But God knows the road to that expected end is trial. Hallelujah. It's getting quiet. Praise the Lord. God also knows something else very very important and that is that we are just like brother Bram says a cloud of dirt. Just very quickly run through this quote. Now we think we're something just remember what are we a clot of dirt that's all because dust thou art dust thou shalt return. So when you see this man walking down the street thinks he's somebody you know and got a lot of education and things remember it's a clot of Indiana dust. That's all. That woman that's all dressed up in shorts and smoking cigarettes and carry on down the street twisting like she owned the whole country. It's a clot of Indiana dust. That's the way it's turning back. So you're not even very much to begin with. See that's right. That's what you are. But that soul that's in there, see that soul is what God is working on. Amen. Back to what I said earlier. God is not so much concerned as we are about this thing. God is almighty. So, what's the body made of? A little calcium pot here some time ago down in Memphis, Tennessee. I like art and I was watching in the museum and so forth. The human body of a man weighing 150 lbs was worth 84 cents. There's enough whitewash in the body to sprinkle a hen's nest and oh, you know, just a few things like that. There's two boys standing there, one looking around at the other and said, "Well, John, we're not worth very much, are we?" But you'll put a $500 mink coat on that 84 cents and walk down the street with your nose turned up like if it had rain it would drown you. And you belong to some big church and you take care of that 84 cents and what is it? Nothing but a little handful of ashes and you'll stick anything in that soul which is worth 10,000 worlds. You don't think about that. That soul is what Jesus Christ died for. Amen. That soul is worth 10,000 WS that God will move heaven and earth for. Amen. But we focus so much on this 84 cents. I said to to the church back home that with inflation today that would be worth $4.82 American. Amen. Just for the record. Amen. Dust thou art, dust returneth. Was not spoken of the soul. Yes. 84 cents what the human body is worth. Hallelujah. That's why the tender hand of Jehovah doesn't mind to let 6 million Jews be killed. Doesn't mind to apply pressure when he needs to. Doesn't want mind, Amen. to let this body go through sickness and so forth. That's why our Lord also instructs us in Matthew 18. Amen. As an act of love and obviously in the right attitude and through that agapo expression like our brother spoke about when someone goes wrong. Amen. To let Satan have its body so that the soul can be saved. Why you comparing $482 with 10,000 worlds? There's no comparison. Amen. There's no comparison. And of course, and and I don't want to go down that road too far because it's one of my favorite topics. When Matthew 18 is expressed in anything else but unselfish agapo love for that brother or sister, if that motive is just a inch wrong, my brother and sister, if it's any bit about our pride or looking good or looking this or that, it's wrong. It needs to be expressed in godly love with the absolute right focus and the right motive. Amen. And over the years, we've done a lot of things that's not exactly that. Hallelujah. Just like all the power of heaven, my brother and sister, was reflected in that little baby in the manger. That little weak baby, helpless baby. That same power is now reflected in these bodies that look like real little helpless babies. Amen. But the important part is God was in that little baby and God is now in this person. Amen. Now I just want to quickly go I see our time is running very quickly. go down a little little um side comment and that is at what point did we become sons and daughters and in the natural we become sons and daughters when that seed was formed in our father's um potentials. Amen. Or where the seed was placed in mom or where it came forth as an expression. Amen. The point is it was there already in potentials in dad from the start and in our heavenly father in that Elohim that seed expression already was son in attribute form and son came forth as word form. Sons and daughters and sons and daughters are now coming forth my brother and sister by that attribute now in us. But we are sons and daughters before we are even born. Amen. When we have to face judgment, are you or are you not sons and daughters? Amen. Sons and daughters will never face judgment at the white throne because we've already been judged and we've been accepted as sons and daughters. Why? Because Jesus Christ gave his blood on Calvary for sons and daughters and has already accepted every one of those attributes. He took it there. Amen. On our behalf. So when we fail, when we make mistakes, when we fail God bitterly every day, we are still sons. Sunship, my brother and sister, is not something that we go out of. Amen. Sunship was judged eternally already. But Brandon makes a statement. He says, "It's not you or I to say which is fish and which is not. We don't know. We just cast the net and pull it. That's all. God knows his own. Those who he forneew, he called. And those who he called, he has justified. And those who he has justified, he hath glorified. Amen. It's a done deal. It's a finished work. In God's mind, there's absolutely nothing that can make you get lost. And the trials on this earth is sometimes God knocking on your heart to get your attention. So that we can get to a point where we can realize I am not sufficient for this thing. I cannot do it. Because under no circumstances can you die again for your sins that Jesus Christ has died for already. Under no circumstances can you pay again the price that Jesus Christ has paid already. Under no circumstances can you add anything to your salvation by your own works. God only looks at himself and his attributes. But of course and this is really where I want to start focusing on for a moment. We need a revelation of sunship. Otherwise, my brother and sister, we are like that Johnny Crow. Otherwise, we are like that one that gets that gets loosened. Amen. The prison doors can be opened. Amen. But we sit there and we don't want to take our potentials. That Johnny Crow will still walk round and round and round and round. And God needs to reveal to us personally, amen, I've done it. You free. You can go now. You can soar into the sky. Hear the mother eagle calling. Amen. You're not a chicken. Amen. But I see chickens all around me, but you're not a chicken. Amen. Stop looking at yourself. Stop looking at people around you and just accept what God says about you. And my brother and sister, major major major struggles in people's minds can be overcome by just simply in our heart. not mind over matter in our heart accepting what Christ says in his word by dying to our thoughts by dying to our opinion of ourselves, by dying to our ideas of how we need to manufacture God and how we need to try and be better citizens and how we need to this and impress God and all those kind of things. We need to accept what God has done. Amen. Here Here our brother touched on it and I don't want to go down that that road. Brother Ram speaks about thinking in the heart. Amen. He makes a statement one point. He says God said heart. If he said heart he meant heart. He did not say thinking in your mind. What a man thinkketh in his heart that is he. And what thinks in my heart. Amen. The only thing that can think in my heart is the real me which is Christ. Amen. And like our brother said, then are you asking the question, who's doing the speaking? Who am I hearing? Is this Satan's thoughts or is that my thoughts? I don't believe the thoughts that's in here is that important in here. Once you have the rebirth, once Christ is is quickened in your soul realm, my brother and sister, he's the one that speaks the thoughts. So the question is if is it Christ speaking in my heart or is it me? It's the same thing because the potentials of Christ, the attribute of Christ is now in my soul and he's speaking or I am speaking the real me. Amen. And that is the only thought that's important. And Satan will use our senses of the spirit and of the flesh to try and break down the voice of that heart speaking. But in that heart from his perspective, it's finished. We are free. The price has been paid. Yes. If we think from that heart and I'll say it in that way and I hope it doesn't stumble you then we will say aba father. I accept I am a son of God. I accept like brother Ram says I'm no longer the son of Charles Alabbran. I accept that this flesh that I was caught up in was just something God used to grow this this attribute into maturity to grow my character to achieve something through through my life. Amen. And still in the meanwhile, my brothers and sisters, we die daily to ourselves. Die daily. When I say to ourselves, I pro I speak about our human spirit. Amen. The more our human spirit dies, the more the God part can come forward, the more the God part can be on display, the more the the white dog is in control. Amen. The more the white dog can can control and have the upper hand in our lives. I'm going to start winding down and skip some of this here, but I'll just say some people are too scared to let go. And most of the time it's because of that greatest battle that's being fought here. And most of the time it's because we have a skewed expectation of what the rebirth is. We expect it's a big fanfare and something. Amen. When we're honest with ourselves often that's the expectation. We're expecting that when the rebirth happens that you know there's going to be major outpour of emotion or things like that. Amen. It can be like a brother said it can be but it's not necessarily that but it's a grounding a anchor that anchors in the word. Amen. That people cannot take it away from me again. Even though, and I'll say that, Satan can still after that convince you in this thing you don't have it because that's his whole aim. Amen. He is a very good salesman. When you have it, he will sell to you that you don't. And when you don't, he will sell to you that you have. Amen. He's a liar. Amen. When how do we know the Satan is lying? When he opens his mouth. Amen. When he opens his mouth, he's lying to us. Amen. Now, how do you know what God's word is? whether it's God's word speaking or whether it's Satan speaking. Amen. I believe my brother and sister when it comes to the rebirth and and be careful how you get this now. I think we should stop worrying about it the whole time. We should stop digging up that little plant the whole time to see has it formed roots yet. We should just submit to God. Amen. let go and let God have his wonderful way. Amen. And I believe we can pray every day, God, bring me closer to you. God, I I'm eating your word. I'm taking in word and I want to reflect you more. But God, I cannot do it. I can do nothing to add to my stature in God. I can do nothing personally to make that word grow in my life except eat it. Amen. Amen. Our brother said something really, really special. And I just thought I'd throw this in also that you see, can you remember what you heard last Sunday morning in church? Now, half the time we can't. Amen. And then we want to, you know, judge ourselves for not remembering, but our souls were fed. A pastor once asked asked someone that came to him with that thing. He says, "Can you remember what you had last Sunday morning for breakfast?" No. Did it feed you? Yes. Amen. Same principle. Eat the word, it feeds your soul. Amen. Hallelujah. In the millennium, Satan, Satan's hands are bound by circumstance. Many times we actually bound God's way in our life by unbelief, by looking at ourselves, by focusing on all the wrong things, by believing we're not good enough, by intellectual approach. Amen. I just feel to go down this road. There seems to be a pull in this direction. If someone can intellectually convince you of this message, someone else can intellectually convince you out of this message, Amen. The work of God is not an intellectual work. Amen. We try so hard to convince people. You can't convince someone into the the rebirth. It's a work of grace. Amen. And I believe the right way is to live the token. Like our brother said, express that atmosphere. Amen. Live the token. Amen. And of course, part of living the token is if that person gets thirsty, make the virtue available. Amen. If that person is thirsty, share the word. But don't try and force it down their throats, convince them, lo overload their minds. Amen. Two opinions that we kind of, oh, this is a better option than that. That's never going to last, my brother and sister. Often the more often than not, it actually delays a real experience with God. Let me just jump right down to I'm just going to share this quote again. Brother Tim had it on already. So if you recognize it, that's why that's what power is in the church now. But it's controlled by a law. And that law is not keeping a bunch of commandments. It's a law of faith. Jesus said, "All things are possible to them that believe." And if you can believe it, whatever God will lead your soul to believe, whatever God leads your soul to believe, Amen. that is yours. Every place the souls of your foot can sit upon by faith, God gives it to you. Amen. It's yours. You possess it if you can find the key to this law of faith that opens it to you. You see what I mean? That power is controlled. If you are a son of God, you're a daughter of God. that never leaves you. It's with you all the time, but your faith gets away from it, but it's still there. Amen. Hallelujah. The prophet has a special way of saying these things. Amen. Brothers and sisters, our souls need to take hold of the And how can you control your soul? It's a work of God. We need to get out of God's way so that he can do the work in us. So we must say tonight, I'm struggling to live the word. I'm struggling to live this message. I don't know if my life will ever line up with the word. I want to encourage you from the word tonight, my brother or sister. Amen. We read that opening scripture. Who he who the son has set free is free indeed. Meaning of that word indeed. Indeed, certainly of a truth, verily, clean, truly, in reality, in point of fact. Listen to this. As opposed to what is pretended, fictitious, false, conjectural, that which is truly. So what he's saying is what the son has set free is free completely. Not free in their mind. Not free fictitiously. Not free in pretense. Not trying to be. Not not making up. Not human presentation. What the sun has set free. And I want to pull it this way and say what the sun has given a rebirth. Amen. Is a done work. Hallelujah. Then just a few scriptures in and quotes in in closing. Dear Jesus, I just quoted your word that your prophet said, and I know the words of the prophets are true. And you said, I the Lord hath planted it. Why certainly you put it on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. That's where sunship was confirmed. I the Lord hath planted it and I will water it day and night unless some should pluck it from my hand. These probably Lord has heard a many altar call but you're still watering at it Lord you are through your word still watering it. Jeremiah then said the Lord unto me thou has well seen for I will hasten my work to perform it. Amen. For I am the Lord. I will speak and the word that I shall speak Ezekiel shall come to pass shall come to pass. It shall be no more prolonged. For in your days, oh rebellious house, will I say the word and will perform it, saith the Lord God. What has he said about you? What's the vision about you? Amen. What God had in his mind before the foundation of the world, he will perform it. He will bring it to pass. being confident of this very thing that he which have begun a good work in you will perform it unto the day of Jesus Christ. So if you're struggling and thinking I'm never going to get the rebirth. If there's a seed it's going to come forward and see yourself my brother and sister not as a Esau as a Jacob. Amen. Brother Brandham shows he says if there's any least desire in you to follow Jesus. He says that's God. Because Satan wouldn't place that desire there. He said, "Grab that little bit with both hands and with all you have and say, God, I can't do it. You please do it." Not God, I present this to you as something. No, God, I cannot. But you have, and I pray that you will manifest it and make it real to me. In that day, sing ye unto her a vineyard of red red wine. I the Lord do keep it. I will water it every moment, lest any hurt it. I will keep it night and day. That's how he feels about you. That's how he thinks about you. Amen. Jesus answered them, I told you and you believe not. the works that I do in my father's name, they bear witness of me. But you believe not, because you are not of my sheep. As I said unto you, my sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they will follow me, and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish. Neither shall any man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them me is greater than all, and no man is able to pluck them out of my father's hand. and I and my father are one. Be strong and courageous. Be not afraid nor is made. For the king of Assyria, that's Hezekiah speaking if I remember right. Not for all the multitude that's with him. For there there be more with us than with him. With him is an arm of flesh, which is really a distraction if anything. But with us is the Lord our God to help us and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah, king of Judah. And the last one, I wonder if the musicians can come up so long. What was he doing? Confirming his word that someday he who turned old and gray and wrinkled someday will spring back to a young man and young woman again. God gave us life and we come to the maturity death set in taken us away. But all that death can do is take us away. Then it's finished. Then listen to this. Then all the old doubting part and everything. It's like the man life in there has gone out. Then there's nothing left but perfection. Death takes all the temporary parts and nothing is left but perfection. Amen. I'd like to sing that jubilee song when we done. What this body was when it was in perfection, what God intended when it resurrects in the resurrection, it will be perfection. Does it say anything about now? Not going to happen. Not going to be perfect on this side. Oh, when I think of that, my heart just turns flip-flops. Yeah. It's not just a mythical dream. It's thus sayaeth the Lord. God said so. Then I'll base my life right there. Yes, sir. God said so. That settles it forever. It's settled in heaven. And if a little piece of heaven is in our heart, it ought to settle it there. That's all. That just makes it all right. God, you said so. I believe it. That's just all. That's enough. You say, "Is it that simple, my brother?" Amen. Hallelujah. It's just accepting what God says. That's right. So just in closing, if you are like one of those still struggling to express into the new brave world, ask God to unlock the cells. Because it's no good. You kick and scream and try and put effort in by yourself. It's only God. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's just pray for a moment. Let's bow our heads together. Thank you Lord Jesus. We are so thankful Lord that father where you placed your seed you are also the one watering it looking after it Lord Father and it's your vision that you're trying to express Lord Jesus Lord and there's no trying to about it father your work is perfect your work is on time father and you know exactly father the potentials that's lying in every member of this bride father Lord Jesus and we want to ask you Lord to just continue the work with us, Lord. But tonight, it's my desire, Father, to ask, Lord, if there's young people or older people, Lord, whoever it is, Father, that's struggling, Lord, to accept in their heart, Father, that rebirth process, Lord, that you will quicken it to us tonight, Father, that you will bring those to rebirths, Father. Lord Jesus, that you will let us accept, Lord, that it's just in simplicity, Father. It's not a work up. It's not a pretend to be. It's not a have to be something special before that happens. But it's simply your word quickening the word seed in us, Father. Lord, and I pray that you will come by your grace and do that work for us, Lord. Father, I want to commit every word that was spoken to you, Father. If anything was not your perfect will, I pray that you will blot it from our memories, Lord Jesus. But I pray that everything that was off you, Lord, will bring forth fruit, Lord Jesus. Lord, we commit it into your hands now. We love you with all our hearts, Lord. We just thank you, Lord, for your amazing grace. Oh God, we thank you, Lord, for the process of salvation. We thank you, Lord Jesus, for the completion of salvation in this day, Father. Lord, we love you and appreciate you, Lord, and ask it all in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. You're going to have to start that [Music] song. Yes, my labor. Oil and tears were [Music] my prisoner. something to say. But every day that I told you was drawing closer, the 49 was the longest. Then I heard the trumpet sound. When I heard that you I was [Music] I was free. When I heard you, I won't because Jesus is set [Music] free. He is a spruion. I had eyes to see. I really had to stop in darkness spiritual state. Then I heard the prophets speak. I heard the voice be open up and let the light shine. See it all. When I heard you [Music] I because Jesus [Music] is when I heard the name I want you. I want you. I want you when [Music] I because Jesus has set me free. Oh, Jesus has set me free. Jesus just set me free and he sets [Music] free. He is free in me. Oh Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free and he sets free. [Music] When I heard that you I believe [Music] I Jesus [Music] When I heard about the I when [Music] I Jesus is Hey Jesus [Music] [Music] is my son. They misunderstand the love of God. His love is like an election. How do you know I'm elected? Yo, brother said because there's just even as the the most maybe the most nearly silent voice something saying yes. Amen. You know, just a real if even the smallest tug, you're elected. And that proves you're loved by God. Hallelujah. Amen. I feel like we need to just sing it is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Amen. When peace like a river attendeth my way. It doesn't matter what happens in life. If there was s just even just the most just the tiniest thing. I think brother I might be wrong, but brother Bam says in one place sometimes like a funny feeling comes over you. That's God. Amen. He's calling you. And why is he calling you? Cuz you're elected. He doesn't call people just to throw them away. He calls you because you're part of him. Hallelujah. And you can't buy that. You can't work it out. You can't earn it. He put it there. We praise the Lord. Brother Bam says you can't lose being a Christian. You just can't lose. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust this is everyone. It's uh also brother Races and Priscilla, it's their 18th year uh 18th ann uh uh wedding anniversary today. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you both. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing this. Amen. When peace like a river are [Applause] sending my way. And sorrows was like the sea with me [Music] grow. [Music] Whatever my love, thou hast told me to know. It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Oh, it is well. [Music] Oh, with my soul. my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Oh, Satan should bit the trials should come. Let this [Music] bless. Oh yes. that Christ have regarded my helpless day and has shed yes his own blood for my soul. Oh. Oh. It is well. [Music] Yes. With my soul. With my soul. It is well. It is well with my soul. I sing. Oh, the bliss of this glorious [Music] Lord. My sin not in part but the whole. is nailed to the cross and I no more. Praise the Lord. Yes. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, it is well. [Music] Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. [Music] And Lord hast the day when my face shall be [Music] sold back as a storm. Oh, the trump shall raise sound and the Lord shall be saved. for healing soul. It is well with my [Music] soul. Oh, it is well. Oh, with my soul. Oh my soul. It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. But Lord, yes, is for thee. For thy coming we wait. The sky, not the grave is our [Music] Oh, shout on the angel. Oh, son of the Lord. Blessed. Yes. [Music] Blessed for my soul. [Music] It is [Music] well with my soul. [Music] It is well. Yes, it is well with my soul. Let's go. Last verse again. Oh my Lord is for thee. Yes, for thy God we wait. The sky of the grave is our [Music] go. The shout of the angel, the voice of the Lord. Oh blessed home, blessed rest oh my soul. It is [Music] well with my soul. Oh my soul, it is well. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. Praise your mighty name, dear Lord Jesus. How thou art worthy, oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I praise your mighty name. You might say, I don't have too much to be thankful for. If you're wrestling, just say, "Thank you, Lord. You called me. Thank you, Lord. There's something in me that wants you." Just thank him for that. Amen. If you got nothing else to be thankful. Thank you. Just say, "Thank you, Lord, that you've called me." Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer. Let's thank him together. Dear God, we thank you. Lord, it doesn't matter what we may wrestle with. Even if the devil tries to get us to even question our birth, dear God, we can thank you that you've called us, Father. You've drawn us to yourself, Father, that you put something in us, Lord. Your prophet called a funny feeling coming over us. It's you calling, Father. And we want to thank you, Lord, because we're called, we are elected, Father. Oh God, that your love is proven in your election, Father. And you have elected us to be free indeed in this hour. Lord, you don't want us to be wrestling in a cage. Lord, we want to thank you that the prison bars are open. Father, you have set us free. All we need to do is accept what you've done for us. God, I pray you give us grace to say, "I accept what you've done." Father, there's someone here who hasn't said yes. May they just say yes. Lord, may they just say, "I accept what you've done." and walk free. Father, we thank you that whom the Son has set free is free indeed. Dear God, we don't need to try and wrestle the door open, it's already open. We want to thank you. It's well with our souls, Lord. It doesn't matter what wars against us. We can just be thankful that you put a a deep in us to respond to your deep call. Dear God, we thank you for that, Lord, cuz we know we couldn't earn it or buy it or be good enough for it or somehow obtain it. Lord, salvation is not of any human merit. It's your grace and your grace alone. And father, we thank you for that, dear Lord. Bless brother, Lord, for pouring his heart out, oh God. Bless him abundantly, Lord. We thank you for the word that we've heard. And dear God, I pray you'd just dismiss us with your blessing now, Father. And Lord, we just want to linger in your presence. But Father, may you just be glorified, Lord. We thank you for the service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Somebody I'm amazed that you love me. I'm amazed just how you care. Through your preious blood I found pardon. Oh, and my [Music] [Applause] sil washed away. All my sins are washed away. Verse one. No one knew how alone I was. and the emptiness I [Music] Oh, I often said my life was fine without [Music] you. I was covering up the secret tears I cried. And one day someone told me of your mercy and the love you showed on a hill called Calary. There you purchased my redemption. when you broke since fell and set my spirit free. Oh, I'm amazed. Oh, that you love me and I'm amazed how you came. Through your preious blood I found pardon and my sins they're all yes they're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Yes it's true. There are days when I've failed you, Lord. You know the many times I've gone astray. But I learned that your love my weakness and your ear is open every time I pray. No one else has ever cared for me like you, Lord. Father could never be as close to me. I'm not afraid to face the problems of tomorrow. Knowing you are everything I'll ever need. Oh, yes. Hallelujah. You love me and I'm amazed how you came. Oh, through your precious blood I found. And my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. I'm amazed. Oh, I'm amazed. [Music] I'm [Applause] amazed how you came through your preious blood I found and my sins are washed. They're all washed away. All my sins are washed away. Hallelujah. Amen. Free indeed. Glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. This is the hour of Jubilee. Amen. Can we just sing? I want to sing Amazing Grace. Through many toils, trials, and snares, I have already come. Amen. You know, I see everyone here and I just it's so good to see people who here last time or people that you haven't seen in a while. They're still going on. Hallelujah. Still still pressing the battle. Amen. Hallelujah. You know the Lord is here. If you're still wrestling, just walk through the door. Amen. Just Just Say yes, Lord. Paul. Amen. I'm not talking about a big worker. Just just just say yes. It's all you need to do. Is it really that simple? That's all. How do you accept a pardon? I accept the pardon. Pardon accepted. Amen. It's not some big document you got to fill out or something. You say, "I accept it." And now you're pardoned. Hallelujah. That's all you need to do. Amen. Don't let the devil tell you anything else. Whatever you do. Amen. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the [Music] sound like me. I once was lost but now I am thou. Was blind but now I see. [Music] A grace that taugh my heart to fear and grace my fears. How precious did that grace appear be I first bee through many Dangerous toys and sins I have already done. His grace has come. He saves us from love and grace. Will lead me home. [Music] And we've been there [Applause] 10,000 years bright shining as the sun. Give no days to sing God's praise and wait. We first be God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Well, friends, if you want to stay and sing and rejoice, you're welcome. If you want to go have supper, you're welcome. That means that God bless you. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. [Music] Praise God. [Music] for has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our [Music] peace. He is our peace. Who has broken down every wall. [Music] He is our peace again. Yes, he is our peace. Cast all your cares on him for he car for you. [Music] He is our peace. He is our peace. Oh, cast all your cares on him for he car for [Music] you. He is our peace. He is our [Music] peace. He is our peace. Who has broken down every wall. He is our [Music] peace. He is our peace. He is our peace. who has broken down every wall. He is our peace. He is our peace. [Music] pass all [Music] your meal. [Music] cast all your cares on him for he careth for you. He is our peace. He is our peace. All your cares on him for he cares for you. [Music] He is our peace. He is our peace. cast all your cares on him for he careth for [Music] you. He is our peace. He is our peace. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. I'd rather cast my cares upon him than the ideas of man. Because the ideas of man will leave you scarred and marred, full of complexes and problems that you try and bury with medication. But he can take all things from you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'd rather cast my cares upon him. The world gives you a lot of baggage. God doesn't want you to have baggage. Amen. You look in people's faces out there and I pity for them. They have no peace. Amen. We have peace. You see someone comes in a glorious slave, you see peace on their face and it stays there. Even through every storm, it stays there. Hallelujah. In the morning, oh Lord, in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look up. Give ear to my words, oh Lord, and consider my meditation. Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my king and my God. For unto thee will I pray. My voice shalt thou hear in the morning, oh Lord, in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee and will look up. Give ear to my words, O Lord, and consider my [Music] meditation. Oh, hearken unto the voice of my cry, my king and my God. For unto thee will I pray my voice shall bow here in the morning. Oh Lord in the morning will I direct my prayer unto thee. and will look up. Amen. We got a number 119. This is my desire. Amen. I trust this is your heart's cry. I want to stand on the Lord's side. There was a time where I was afraid to lose my friends. I bet I had no peace. And I made a decision. I've never regretted that decision. Am I still friends with him? Yeah, but we're not in touch that much anymore. But I'm happy. I have peace for my soul. I can sleep at night and not worry. If I never breathe again, where will I go? Hallelujah. Oh, this is my [Applause] desire to honor you. Oh Lord, with all my heart I worship you. [Music] Yes Lord. Oh all I have within me. Yes. Hallelujah. I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. heart. I give you my [Applause] soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart and I give you my soul and I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm [Music] away, Lord, have your way in me. Let's go. Verse one again. This is my desire. I pray it's your desire. This is my [Music] desire. Yes. to honor [Music] you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. Glory. Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, I have within me. Lord, I give you praise. Yes, Lord. All that I adore is in you. [Music] Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Lord, I give you my heart and I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart and I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take every moment I'm away. Lord have your way in me. Lord I give you my heart and I give you my soul. [Music] Yes, Lord. I live for you, oh Lord. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm [Applause] away, have your way in me, Lord. I give you my heart and I gave you my soul. I live for you. I long every breath that I take. Every moment I'm [Applause] away. Lord, have your way in me. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. We want to honor you in everything we do. Oh God. Even if we fail, we want to live a life that honors you, oh God. You see our failures. You see our flusterations, oh God. But yet we want to live a life, Lord. That's our desire, Lord, to worship you. Oh God, in spirited and truth, oh God. Father, to live a life in spirit and truth, oh God. Father, that you would have your way in us, Lord. Oh God, I pray you'd help us, Lord. Father, even if we fail, Lord, you don't look at our failures. You look at the desire in our heart, oh God. Father, you look at our desire to want to serve you and live for you, Lord. Hallelujah. We praise your mighty name. Oh God, break every chain. Break every feed, Lord. Break every hindrance of the enemy, oh God. Father, may we have liberty, oh God, tonight, oh God. Father, we want to serve you there, Lord Jesus. Oh God, we want to serve you, oh God. Hallelujah. Oh, break every chain, oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh God, hallelujah. Oh, we praise your mighty name, dear Lord Jesus. father's brother Tim brought the quotes last night about the guy said he cursed God and all these things but the prophet said but but you love him that man loved him even though he was in that pit of despair father we thank you Lord there's no place you can't take us from there's no place you can deliver us from oh God there's no change you can't break oh God hallelujah oh we praise your mighty name there Lord Jesus glory to your name dear Lord Jesus hallelujah dear Lord Jesus hallelujah hallelujah Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to your name, Lord. Hallelujah. We praise your mighty name there, Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Glory to your name. Oh, mighty God, mighty God. Hallelujah. Nothing is too difficult for thee, Lord. Nothing is too difficult for thee. Hallelujah. Oh, we praise your mighty name, dear Lord. We praise your mighty name. Glory to your name, Lord. The devil may try and sift us, but you have prayed for us, oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We praise your mighty name. We thank you. We can feel our hand in yours, Lord. You hold on to us, Lord. You hold on to us, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Though you cast us to hell, we'll still love you, dear Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name. Oh, how we love you, dear Lord Jesus. How we love you, dear Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Glory to your name. Glory to your name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to your name, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. I'm a remand stranger wandering through this world of sin. Yes, we are. On my way to that city when the saints go my Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I know I'll see my savior because my life is free. Yes, we will. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I love to be in that [Music] number. Oh, and we round and we will take [Music] you. Glory, glory. Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] go a little bit faster. [Music] Oh [Music] my [Music] s I am for the chariot. Yeah. All the time heaven [Music] Oh, yes. Mar. [Music] Hallelujah. I love you and the [Applause] stranger to this world on my way to that city. When the saints go maring Oh, when the saints go maring. When the saints go maring how I feel that [Music] number Oh, I know I'll see my savior. He lost my life. Because my [Music] life hallelujah. Heaven for me. Oh s mar. Oh the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints will [Music] mar when we get around the And we [Music] will. [Music] Yes. Glory. Hallelujah. And the saints go maring. Oh, and saints go maring. Oh, and the saints go maring. [Music] When the saints go before the Just [Music] stay on the [Music] ground. Amen. Oh [Music] s maring. [Music] s. When we [Music] crown that We [Music] [Applause] [Music] found Oh, when we shout I shall victory in that glory [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] sle glory. Thank the Lord. Thank you the Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to your name. Can you just put up verse two? Please put up verse two. Wait, can we just go back? Can you put up verse two? Yes. Hallelujah. Not if my life is free. Because my life is free. Who's free from Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And then well, how do you become one of those number? You said yes. You accepted his invitation. He accepted his pardon. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. What are you going to We're able to go up and take the country. I don't know where I'm going to go. Hallelujah. It just thrills my soul. Amen. Amen. Let's uh you got something. I love the Lord tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. One eternity. Oh, these are the days of Elijah the word of the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] We in the [Music] [Music] fighting shining like the [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sh. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's no God like Jehovah. There's [Music] [Applause] [Music] no Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sales riding on the ground shining like the sun at the trumpet with your voice is the year of Jubilee. as I [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Amen. [Music] M we are of the father. We are joined as 93 the son. We are people. 23. We are family. We are we are washed. We are wash. We are 93 [Music] 93 we are [Applause] My [Music] suffering is we shall be like you. We shall see [Music] you. Heat. Heat. [Music] We are watching. We are waiting. We shall follow you. [Music] We shall sing for Dominion has been we are we are of the father we are joy [Music] We are one. We are one. We [Music] are by We are of the spirit. We are children of the Lord. We're part of the suffering. with my praise. We shall meet him to be like him. We shall see him. Amen. Face to face. We are long for his calling. We are to the sky. We shall watch. We are waiting. We shall grow. We shall rise. We shall reign with him forever. Many angels shout and sing for dominion has been given to the family of the king. We shall reign. We shall reign and shout with him forever. Oh [Music] sh We shall write once more. shall ring with him forever. And angels shout and sing for the king to the family of the king. [Applause] Hallelujah. What is dominion? You're You're the boss. You're Satan's boss. Tell him where to go. So, I can't remember who said it, but he said, "If Satan is not under your feet, he's out of his position." Amen. He's placed under your feet in this time. Hallelujah. Amen. Can we just um let's just sing in Christ alone my hope is found. Amen. If something's waring against you, just just just say you're done. I'm done with you. Satan wants a relationship. say, "I'm done." An abusive relationship is not of God. That's Satan. Because why? Satan abused you before God came and, you know, delivered you. Something that torments you and tries to hold you back. That's not God. God encourages and nourishes and lifts up and stabilizes and loves, gives himself and appears to relate and just takes. Selfish. You think that's selfish, is it? Amen. That's Satan. I would rather serve God and live on the street with nothing than have everything. Amen. I'd rather just say yes and my life was literally hell this rest of my days my life. I just praise him cuz this life is a vapor. And then what? Hallelujah. That's true. What do you want? Temporal things. Oh, but I have to let go of a lot of things. Just open the door and he'll do it. Just open the door and let him come and do it. I can't give it up. Open the door and let him do it. That's what I need to do. I'd rather love God than anything. Amen. Amen. This is not man's ideas. This is God. Hallelujah. Sorry. Just Amen. Let's just sing this. In Christ alone my hope is found. He is my light, my strength, my song. This cornerstone with solid rock through the fiercest and what heights of love. What dance of peace when fears are still when striving cease my comfort my all and all here in the love of Christ I stand in Christ alone to confession the fullness of God in [Music] helpless. This gift of love and righteousness scored by the ones he came to save. Still on that cross as Jesus died. The wrath of God was sisfied for every sin. On him was laid. Here in the death of Christ I in the ground his body laid. Oh light of the world my darkness slain and thirsty for glorious day. Oh, prophet he arose again. And as he stands in victory, s has lost his heart. For I am his and he is mine. with precious blood of Christ. No guilt in life, no fear in this is the power of Christ in me. From life's first till final breath, Jesus demands my destiny. No power of hell, no scheme of man can ever be me from his hand till he returns. Oh, holy Lord. Here in the power of Christ I stand. No power of hell, no steam of man can ever from his hand till he returns. Oh, calls me home here in the power of Christ I stand. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you glad you can stand in the power of his might? Amen. Yes. Hallelujah. Amen. I just want to thank you, Lord, for letting me hear your word. Amen. What have I done to deserve it? Nothing. And you said, I want you to hear it. Hallelujah. [Music] And I just want to thank you, Lord. for letting me hear your word. What have I done to deserve the glory revealed to me? All that [Music] [Applause] [Music] special face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. You didn't have to open my [Applause] [Music] eyes. Glorified recognizing your name. certain seed and perfect the preach and the message of grace. Lord I thank thee and just want to thank you for letting me hear the word. What have I done to deserve such glory revealed in me? Thanks for that special night with us. That could be tonight for somebody face to face with eternal life. And Lord, I thank thee. Not even in my wildest dreams did I think I see these things as the coming of the Lord. The rapture is but now I see God inity. The world is the original sea and Lord I thank thee and I just want to thank you Lord for letting me hear your word. What have I done to serve such glory revealing [Music] name for that special night when I saw your glorious light face to face with eternal life and I just want to thank you Lord and I just want to thank you Lord. Oh, letting me hear your word. Why have I done to say his glory revealed your [Music] name? That special night when I saw your glorious light face to face with eternal life. Lord, I thank thee. Hallelujah. And we thank you, Lord Jesus. Our gracious heavenly father. Hallelujah. Oh God, you didn't pass us by. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. Father, we came face to face with you, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Here among the shadows, living in a lonely land of strangers. We're a band of pilgrims on the strangers burden down with sorrows and with every [Music] hand. Yes, we lose. You just keep looking. We will never die. [Music] the [Music] sed and thy holy spirit. All I do for him in disappointing nothing so sad for you will only speak one word of love. Only we have found content that Jesus promised our soul looking for a city real [Music] heaven for a [Music] city. Hallelujah. Oh man, I savior the Holy Spirit. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, in this last stage we are going here and then we're simply trusting in our blessed savior's [Music] love. Strangers living in this world of care above. Oh yes city. Oh, never die. The saint billions never say goodbye. Be thy savior. Oh my goodness. [Music] [Applause] all [Music] our hallelujah. Amen. You're on your way to that city. Amen. That city is inside you. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Just as sure as the sun will rise, you will rise again. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's go. Number 35. In the key of D, the voice of my beloved. Amen. Behold, he quickly comes. Hallelujah. Amen. It's manifesting time. The fruit is on the vine. Hallelujah. I can see it right before me. Amen. A mature lady. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory. He's coming. And you can see him coming because he's coming inside you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me a D. The voice of my blood. Behold, he quickly comes in all the mountains, all the hills he rise. I long to hear his voice. I love to hear his sing. Come away for weekend with me. always manifesting. The fruits are on the [Music] vineyard. Oh, the captain red. is our lovely one and he's coming in and [Music] you little foxes fall. Oh, she's blossoming right [Music] now. Put your eyes on things above. Don't look at me or you see that lovely one that's coming with me. Oh, it's [Music] manifesting. The bron and the lovely one is coming in plain view. [Music] Oh, to get God's chosen bride. Redemption broken life. He's a lovely one and he's coming in [Music] vain. The rock. Amen. The secret place so high that flee away. In that mountain place, a sweet sound is coming true. He's that lovely one. And he's coming in the hallelujah. Oh, it's manifesting time. The fruits are on the vine and the lovely one is coming in plain view. Oh to God's chosen bride. Redemption chosen. He's that lovely one and he's coming his way. Oh, it's manifesting time. Oh, it's manifesting time. The proofs are only divine and the love is one is coming in way. Oh to God's chosen bride. Redemption draw. He's our lovely one and he's coming in. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Just yield yourself to him. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There's a light in the window. Old table set in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. The crystal river. Oh, I must be there forever. [Music] Are you homesick this morning or evening? Amen. Right now, Amen. is a message shine on your [Music] heart. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for the [Applause] [Music] to see the family. It's going to look like this. is all [Music] together as Christy Gos. my [Music] way. I see my child my heart see my father standing at the door. Are you ready? I'm ready for. Oh Lord, I've never been this home before. I see the bright [Music] lights. It's just about hometown. I can see my father standing at the door. Oh, this world has made a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh, I've never been this whole city before. I have heard you miss [Music] heard as spoken by the prophet. He told me of my brother. Amen. out of the glory of God has given me his promise. And I've never been this whole sick before. I see the [Music] [Applause] bright. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness and I'm ready for deliverance. Oh Lord, I've never been this low before. I see I see the bright light shine. It's just about time. Oh, I can't see my father. Can you see your father? He's at the door right now. [Music] Amen. I'm ready for deliverance. Oh, I've never been this before. Amen. Hallelujah. I can see my father. Hallelujah. He revealed himself to me. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What a wonderful father. Amen. Unless someone else has got a song. I just had one. Amen. God is real. That's it. Amen. Amen. Now, remember this. There are some places not I don't go or not I can't go but I don't go because you can do anything you like. Amen. But when he comes into your life, you like what he likes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. There are some things I may not know. There are some places I don't know, but I am sure. Hallelujah. Of this one thing that God is real, where I can feel it deep within. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. All is real. For he has cleansed and made me whole from the pure. My God is real for I can't feel it in my soul. Some folks may die. Some folks may score. All can go on and leave me alone. [Music] I'll take my God is real for I can heal in my heart. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real cleansed and made me whole. His love for me is like your God is real. I can feel him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you felt when Jesus took all of your sins. [Music] Amen. But since that year and since that [Applause] hour, God has been real. But I can feel his holy power. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real. For he has cleansed and made me whole. His love for me. His life go. My God is real. I hate him. Amen. Testify again. Yes. God is real. Israel in my soul. My God is real. He has blessed and made me whole. His love for me. His life. My God is real in my soul. Amen. Let's go to F. Give us some F. Amen. We'll do some F now. There's a lot more options in there. You know, can break open into another revelation of singing. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Time is filled with swift transition. Amen. Hallelujah. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Amen. Time is filled with swift transition. Don't [Music] earth. Build your hopes of painting turn to God's unchanging hand. Oh ho to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh build your hopes of fainting her. Oh to God's changing [Music] hand in him who will be [Music] whatsoever may bring him by earthly friends for sing closely to [Music] Glor to [Music] God to God hand your hopes unfainting. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh, not this [Music] world. Let that [Music] surren never pass away. [Music] Oh God's unchanging hand. I will hold God hand your hopes on earth. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh, your journey is to God you have been there and brought the hope in glory. Glor rapture so will you to God's unchanging hand oh to God's unchanging [Applause] hand your hopes are [Music] making you go changing Hallelujah. Somebody listen. Amen. Spend all your energy on him. Someone listen to me today. Hallelujah. Amen. You know he enjoys being praised. Amen. Don't be weary and welloing. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What? Lift up your hands. Holy [Music] gra. Let the king of glory make it. Let the king of glory make it. Let the king of glory make it. and give your glory to your Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. The mighty [Music] conqueror. We welcome him. Oh, let the king of glory come in. Let the king of glory be coming. Let the king of glory may come. Let the king of glory be glory with shouts of joy. Oh, you got a bright future, baby. Find the [Music] way and welcome the king. Oh, let the king of glory come in. Let the king of glory come. Let the king of glory come. Let the king of [Music] [Music] glory the king of the glory on earth the king of glory. may come in. Let the king of the glory may come in. Let the king of glory make it. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, our precious king. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I am redeemed. And I know I am. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Save from sin. And I know I am. All my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I am redeemed and I know I am. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Sing I am. All my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. I am redeemed. By the blood of the lamb I am redeemed and I know I am. I am redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Save my sin as I am. All my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. I am redeemed. Amen. Blood of the lamb. I am redeemed. And I know I do. You know it. Tonight, do you know it? By the blood of the lamb. Save from sin. And I know I am. All my sins are taken away. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song. Um I'm a king and priest to God. Hallelujah to the lamb. And you know the true I believe the true report. Amen. The elders obtained a good report by faith. Hallelujah. Amen. Now you believe the true report, what it says about you. Amen. Hallelujah. And remember, when you pass the riven veil, you're singing a song and a couple of words, but realize the life that was ripped apart so you could pass that ribbon veil. The riven veil, the flesh of our king, the flesh of our Lord, hallelujah, was riven. Hallelu Hallelujah. So you could pass by into the shikina of glory. Amen. Broke down the middle wall of partition. Amen. so that we can have divine fellowship again. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe the true hallelujah to the lamb. I have lost the alleged blessing of God. Hallelujah to the lamb. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I have pass the river man where the glory never. Hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. of the king and praise to God. Hallelujah to the lamb of the cleansing of the blood. Oh, glory be to God. The spirit's power. I am living day and [Music] night to ride. Hallelujah. That's too good for you. Oh hallelujah [Music] [Applause] hallelujah glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. I have passed the out of me. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Wisdom. Oh, glory be to God. But the love has brought me in to God's holiness. is meant to sound. Halleluah to the lamb. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. I have passed the river [Music] veence of the king. I am in the holiest man. Hallelujah to the lamb. I have lost the hour. Oh, glory be to God. I sanctified to God by the power of the blood of the Lord by your host. Hallelu to the lamb. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I must the living fail where the glories never fail. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am living in the presence of the king. The sleeping saints will awake. Hallelujah to them. You'll see the moment the rapture take. Oh, the glory be to God. His message is brilliant and his hair is wide as snow. The great I can follow. Halleluah to the lamb. Oh, hallelujah. I praise the Lord. I have passed the river forever. The glories never fail. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I am living in the praises of the king. Hallelujah. Oh my. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. He's real. All right. Hallelujah. Amen. God is real. He's real in my soul. My God is real and made me whole. His love for me is like you go. My God is where I can feel. In my soul there are some I may not go. There are some places I will go. I am sure of this one day. God is real, but I can't feel it deep within. This God [Music] is made his love for me. Oh my good. My God is real and feel him in my soul. Some folks [Music] may some folks [Music] face and leave you alone. But as for me, I'll take a part. And God is real. For I can't feel him in my heart. This God is real. He's real in my soul. He's real. I just [Music] wra him in my soul. I cannot tell just how you felt. Jesus took your sin away since that day. Since that hour, God has been real for I can feel his holy power. Yes, God is real. He's real in my soul. His God is real. He has plans that made me [Music] whole. His love for me. His [Music] life. His God is real. I can do it in my soul. [Music] Oh Lord, Father, we just bless your name tonight, Father. Lord, thank you, Lord, for a restored altar. Hallelujah, Father, where the prayers of the saints can come before you, Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Number 244. Soon and very soon. Amen. We are going to see the king. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Do you believe that saints? Soon we will see the king with our eyes. Amen. We already see him now by revelation. Now we'll see him with our eyes. Amen. Hallelujah. Soon we are going to see the king. Very soon we are going to see the king. Oh soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying there. We are going to see the king. No more dying. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. No more crying. There we are going to see the king. Oh [Music] no. We are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelu. We are going to sing again. Soon and very soon. We are going to sing again. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelu. Hallelujah. We are going to see the king. Oh soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to see the [Music] king. Hallelujah. Amen. As I journey through the land, singing as I pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson flow. Many arrows pierce my soul from within. Oh, but my Lord leads me on. Through him I must win. Oh I want to see him. Look upon his face to sing forever. All his saving grace. Oh on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Home at last ever to rejoice and in service for my Lord may be the night but I'll cling more close to him. He will give me saints may face my soul. Turn my fs aside. But my Lord leads me in whatever. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face forever. On his saving praise. Oh, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my [Music] voice at last to rejoice and valley. I look towards the mountain lights. And behold, my savior lives leading in the heart with a tender hand towards the valley. [Music] Lord, I can see him as I sight. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. in which you sing forever of this saving praise. Oh, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice at heaven to rejoice. [Music] When before me billows rise from the mighty day. Oh, then the Lord directs my voice. He does safely and he leads me gently on you alone. He's a real friend to me as [Applause] [Music] I want. How much do you want to see him? Amen. With all your [Music] heart to sing [Music] forever praise. Oh, on the streets of glory. Let me lift my lo at last to me to yours. Amen. Oh saints, you have a bright future. Such a future. Just think it's just a vapor. We spend eternity with our king. [Music] Yes. Give a hand to the musicians. They've been here since uh a long time. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You know these guys, they've been playing all night. They can't hear anything. They haven't been able to hear a thing. I know Christine sitting there. I can't. She's like, I can't hear nothing. Just play the keys, you know. It's a jubilee. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, just give praise to the king. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes. We'll we'll finish the night with He chose me. Amen. It's like a wind down, but not a wind down, but a wind in. Amen. To kind of presence this evening. Hallelujah. Who can feel the brush of angel's wings tonight? Amen. Who can see glory on each face? Amen. We are standing on holy ground this [Music] evening. Hallelujah. [Music] Scarlet hands, nail scar hands and thorny bands were not for my love for me. Unfailing love that chose Calary. [Music] And such a one condemn as I would have no part and I [Music] die. But thou, oh Lord, you took my place. You took my place. You took my [Music] place and you bore my sins on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for. The one that you would take, the one that you would carry. From the great to the grave, the one that you would care for, the one that you would pray, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose me. You chose [Music] me. Were it not for the nail scar hands? Hail scar hands and thorny bands. Hallelujah. Were it not for thy love for me? unfailing love that chose Calary. Then such a one condemned as I would have no part and not die. [Music] But thou, oh Lord, you took my place. You took my place. You took my place. And you bore my sins on your shoulders when you could have had it all. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. from the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would praise, the one that you would see through every storm and every way. You chose me. You chose me. my s and you bore my sin on your shoulders when you could have had. You chose me to be the one that you would die for, the one that you would save, the one that you would carry. From the cradle to the grave. The one that you would care for, the one that you would praise, the one that you would see through every storm and every wave. You chose [Music] me. You chose me. [Music] You chose me. You chose me. Lord, you chose me. [Music] Lord, you chose me. Amen.
