################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 0904-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Armand Struwig - Armand Struwig - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   0904-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Armand Struwig
Speaker: Armand Struwig
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=In0Ed9Nc1Ws
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Praise the Lord. God bless you all this evening. Good to be here. It's good to be um have a chance to worship the Lord on our Wednesday evening. Feeling good. Ready to feeling refreshed. Feeling like energized from the day. I was just I just was thinking of a quote um from um Charles Splurgeon actually Spurgeon Spurgeon and it said um God uses failures God uses people who fail because that's the only kind that there is and when you think about it you know he uses failures and sinners and all that because that's all that he's got to work with. So if you don't feel if you feel you're inadequate, join the bunch of the rest of humanity. Here we [Music] are. But you know, we're not depending on us. We're depending on him. We we don't depend on how good we are. We depend on how good he is. You know that this whole walk never depends on us. It was just on us to receive it. So let's just um stand this evening and just receive what the Lord has for us tonight. We're going to worship. We're going to praise. We're going to just enter in and we're going to be refreshed and filled with the spirit of God and and the word of God is going to speak to our hearts this evening and it's going to be a supernatural experience. That's the that's what's going to happen this evening. So, let's just commit this time to the Lord. Lord Jesus, we're so happy that we can come to you tonight, Lord, as brethren, Lord, and already feel your presence amongst us, Lord, where you said we two or three gathered in your name there are in the midst. So, we just thank you for meeting here with us this evening, Lord. Lord, and we just pray you bless this time. May you just anoint the service in a powerful way, Lord. May your spirit just fill this place, Lord, as it did in the book of Acts, Lord. When the disciples prayed, the building shook, Lord. May we have that sort of an experience here, Lord. Will you just come down and visit us in a powerful way this evening, Lord, may each heart be open to receive you, Lord, and to receive your word and just enter in this evening. Forgive us of every sin, Lord. And we just want to lay aside every weight, Lord, that easily besets us and just enter into your throne room this evening, Lord, knowing that you have made us worthy, Lord. We don't depend on us, but we we're so thankful, Lord, that that we depend on your shed blood, Lord, and your the way that you made for us, Lord Jesus. So, we just um yeah, want to commit this night to you. Bless those that are streaming also. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Uh let's sing. Our God is tremendous. Let's um Is my guitar going? Give me some through there. Got to hear what I'm playing, man. Might play the wrong key. We'll start with the chorus. Our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He's in his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle our God in simplicity revealed in you and me drops down the glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Of course, our God is tremendous. His strength never failth. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me came down from his glory and gave us the victory. the greatest love story. When I'm in need, I call on the Lord and he heals me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. won't forget his Lord. My companion, my best friend, the only true God. There's no one greater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the lion of Judah. Our God, our God is command. His strength never fails. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is almighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful. Our God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. When you're in trouble, the great imposer as he only will fight your battle. Oh yeah. He will stand for you. Your victory will come. Not the way that you think it should, but my great Jehovah just loves the paradox to stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God, our God is tremendous. His strength never fails. He'll go through the fire just to save the sinner. Yes, he is mighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There is no storm too powerful that God cannot handle that God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory. You gave us the victory. The great. There is no storm too powerful. There is no storm too powerful at God cannot handle. Our God in simplicity revealed in you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. The greatest love story. Amen. Came down from his glory and gave us the victory. Amen. Standing. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one heart. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes he is. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing halleluah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our [Music] deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. He is God our healer. And he is God our deliverer. Yes, he is God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Come. Now is the time to worship. Oh, come. Now is the time to give your heart. Come just as you are to worship. Come just as you are before your love. [Music] Oh, sing again. Come. Oh, come now. Is the time to worship. Come. Now is the time to give your heart. Come. Just as you are to worship. Oh, won't you [Music] [Applause] come? Now is the time before [Applause] [Music] your Oh, one day one tongue will confess you are God. On every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remain for gladly choose you now. Oh, one day one tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. [Music] Still the greatest treasure remain for those who gladly choose. Oh, come. Now is the time to [Music] worship. Oh, won't you come? Now is it time to give your [Music] heart let's sing one day to worship. Oh, [Applause] come just as you are before your God. Oh come. One tongue, one every tongue will confess you are God. One every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who gladly choose you now one day. One day every tongue will confess you are God. One day every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remain for those who gladly choose you. Now willingly, willingly we choose to surrender our lives. Willingly our knees will bow with all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. We gladly choose you now. Willingly, willingly we choose to surrender our lives. Willingly our knees will bow. With all our heart, soul, mind, and strength. We gladly choose you now with our heart. With all our heart, soul, mind, and strength, we gladly choose you now. Oh, love of God is greater than tongue or pin can tell. It goes beyond the highest star had a [Music] reach the lowest. The guilty bit bowed down with his God gave his son to his child. He reconciled and parted from love of God. The love of God, how rich and good, how measulate and strong. It shall forever endure the saints and end there. 10 years of time shall pass away and earth be thrown and kingdoms [Music] fall when men go refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains. God's love so sure. God's love so sure shall still endure. All measureless and strong redeeming grace to Adam's grace. Saint, oh love of God, oh love of God, how rich and good, how measureless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and there could we with [Music] thee the ocean filled and were the sky of parchment Day where every store on earth the queen and every man prescribed by to write the love to write the love of God above would drain We all shed dry. Nor could the swirl contain no stretch from sky. Oh love of God. Oh love of God. How rich and good, how measureless and strong. [Music] It shall forever more endure the saints and end. Oh love of God, how rich and good, how me, how visionless and strong. It shall forever more endure. The saints and angels saw how great was that love. We were lost in sin, all far separated from God. He came down, became one of us, felt our pain, felt everything that we're going through, suffered like no man should have suffered just for me and you. 2,000 years later, we stand here as trophies to his kingdom. One man gave it all for us. So, let us give all to him tonight. Let's just bow in a word of prayer. Gracious heavenly father, if it wasn't for you, Father, where would we be? We just thank you tonight, Lord, that you took the time, Lord, you became a man, born in a manger, little baby. Father, anybody could have ended your life there, but prophecies needed to be fulfilled. You had to buy back what Adam lost. You paid dearly for it, Father. And we thank you for that great sacrifice for us, Lord. May your blood cover us all, Lord. And may we really accept Easter as it's coming forth, Lord. We all start thinking about not bunnies, Lord. Not little chocolate eggs, Father, but we really start thinking about what you've done for us. How great and how measurless your love and how strong you are, Father, that could reach down through every circumstance, wherever we were in the muck and miry clay. Lord, you came down and you took us out and you cleaned us up, Lord. Yes, it's a work in progress, my father, but you are great. And you said all that you have started, you shall finish. Father, we welcome you in. We ask, Lord, those ones that's sick and can't make it here tonight, Lord. We pray that you would be their healer tonight. The ones that by circumstance can't be here, Lord, we ask that you'll be their provider, Lord. And the ones that just don't have it in them at the moment and they just maybe going through a rough time, Lord. May you be their comfort, Father, for you on to display your attributes to us. And we ask that you would do that in the wonderful name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We invite you in tonight, Lord. Amen. And amen, we ask. Amen. Hallelujah. Sister Hannah, I see your back. This is weird. Every time I'm here, Sister Hannah is here. Amen. Thank you, musicians. You may be seated. You guys can stand. Or maybe go take your stand. So, I don't know what you say there. We're going to go tonight to Matthew 5. So, all get your Bibles open there to Matthew 5. I'll try not to keep you guys long tonight. I know it's a midweek special, but I thought we just have a bit of a something that the Lord laid upon my heart. And uh always uncomfortable to stand here. Never think um it's an easy job. I want to speak tonight on thy speech betrayeth thee. Very powerful little thing we have is this thing called the tongue. Gets me in and out of trouble and back into trouble very quickly. But I don't want to go too much down that. I just want to encourage you that there is a greater a greater plan that God has for us. And if you're a believer, guess what? your speech betrayeth you. No matter where you go, they know you're a believer. You don't have to worry about that. They know you won. And uh if you're unbeliever, guess what? Your speech betrayer for you. That's the end of the sermon. We can go home now. No, I'm joking. Hallelujah. So, let's go there to Matthew. So Jesus goes and I want to go a little bit back and uh Jesus goes up into the mount but before he goes up into the mount he does miracles and uh it's just the healing ministry of Jesus and and there where the miracles are there's a lot of people there's a lot of things going on and so if you see the multitudes behind them no that's not grass that's actually people because to get to the the biatitudes which he's going to give and brother Isaac wrote such a nice song about There was a many of people that followed him here. So I'll just go a little bit back just for it. Says, "And they followed him a great multitude." That's verse 25 of Matthew 5. But I'll just read that to you. A great multitude of people from Galilee and from the capitalists and from Jerusalem and from Judea and from beyond the Jordan. There was heaps of people there. And Jesus goes and he says, "And seeing they went up to the mountain, and when he said his disciples, he came unto them, and he opened his mouth, and he taught them, saying, blessed are the poor in spirit, for thes is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall be comforted. Blessed are the meek, for they shall inherit the earth, and blessed are they which hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Blessed are the merciful, for they shall obtain mercy. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God. Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness sake, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. Blessed are ye when men shall revile you and persecute you, and say all kind of manner of evil against you falsely for my sake. Rejoice and be exceeding glad for great is your reward. We've got a reward. Great is your reward in heaven. For so they pro prosecuted persecuted the prophets which were before you. Amen. May the Lord just um add his blessing to the word. You may be seated down. Um, I read this biatitudes because I think it's only fair. I can leave this one. I've got everything here. Now that when when God gave so much for us before he had to suffer and before he had to go through a lot of things, he laid a couple of things down to us believers and he said, "I like these type of people. I made heaven for people like this. He didn't say people that knew all the doctrines. He didn't say people that can preach you to sleep, that never makes a mistake. He He didn't say those things. He said the poor in spirit. He said they that mourn, you know, the ones that really going through the ringer sometimes, those people, heaven's for them. So when we think we get to Christ and we think it's all just a very easy road, it is not. It is not. It is a hard road and we're going to walk a hard road and we're going to fight many battles. Same as Joshua and Caleb that went through the land. There was many battles. God gave them everything, but there's battles. And we accept that. We're not going to back down for no devil. Battles may come, battles will go. More battles will come, more battles will go. demons will try to to to come in and and and try to push people aside. We just cast them out. We we have a different mindset as a believer. We don't really concentrate about the little battles. We worry about the war. It's about the end result. So our focus is not on earthly things and temporal things, but of heavenly things because remember he promised heaven to us. So that's where our focus is tonight. Amen. Or I pray it is. He says, "Rejoice in the Lord always." And again, I say, "Rejoice. Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand." Now, moderation, I went to Google it a little bit just to find out what does moderation mean. It's basically like your attitude. It's the way you conduct yourself. It is it's the gentleness and the kindness that's within you. That's your moderation. That's how I understand it. So God says you, you should be very careful how you conduct yourself. Let your moderation be known unto all men. So let what is in here be known. So So don't hide who you are. Let your speech betray you. Amen. I I'll go on with it. But when I read that, I thought, wow, it's it's so Jesus is so mindful that he goes, I want you to to act in a certain way that people know you're my follower and not not put on acting, but just be yourself. So when you be yourself, be yourself because the Lord is at hand. So there's a little bit of a warning there. He says, "Don't waste time. Let's get in there. The Lord is coming. He's here." He says, "Be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be known to God." So very crucial here. He says, "Everything," he says, "be careful for nothing, but everything by prayer and supplication." If you don't understand a brother or a sister, they confuse you a little bit or frustrate you, let everything in moderation. Let everything, your conduct, how you think about them, the thought that you're getting, put that under prayer and supplication with thanksgiving. Say, "Lord, thank you. I'm misunderstanding that brother." Why not? Because because something has been said that triggered something somewhere that's flaring up or something. You go, "Thank you, Lord, that that you you're letting the situation hit me. So, I'm just saying, "Thank you, Lord. I don't know how to handle it. That's why I'm asking you in prayer how to do this, but I'm going to give it to you. I'm just going to walk on." But even that brother that makes you so angry sometimes is there for you. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, so the the the attitude of a Christian is we just want God to live in our life. We just want to see the supernatural. We just want to carry on with his word. We we don't want to get held up, brother Moro, this is your word, with these little shenanigans. Hey, we don't we don't want to get sidetracked by everything that is here. We just want to walk with God. So, what God saying here is everything by prayer and supplication, thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. Not to your neighbor, not to the brother or the sister or somebody else, to God first. So, so take that thing, put it back in God's hands, say, "Lord, I don't understand." And the peace of God that passes all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. So see if we as believers first go God I don't understand brother Arman he's got a very big no nose and he's always scratchy and he always has a certain way in a certain temper and a certain certain forgive me anyways I was made this way but see if you take it to God would give you such a peace no matter what the preacher says no matter what the sister or the brother says it wouldn't bother you you're walking somewhere different you left this earth we sometimes so earthly bound found. We're not made to be on earth. We made to be up there. Spiritually minded is life. Carnly minded is death. So, so God don't want us as believers to be there. He wants us just to walk with him. Finally, brethren, whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things of a good report, if there be any virtue, and if any be praised, think on these things. Boy, we can waste a whole day about somebody saying something silly or some situation. You can entertain that situation the whole day, sometimes week, months, decades. That's not our focus. Whatsoever is good, whatsoever is pure. It's actually very easy. If you can deny this flesh and and and just keep contacting the Lord. It is that easy. And your sisters goes, "No, cuz I got 150,000 thoughts, brother. You only have one." It's fine. But it is actually that easy because when you start going that way, that's where you remind yourself, sorry, God didn't make me like this. God said as everything that's pure, everything that's good. And that's where the battle happens is grabbing that thought and now taking that thought into captivity and go hold on this is not my thought. He says because we should discern these thoughts, capture it before it enters the big battlefield. Amen. Because once it enters this battlefield, men it takes a little bit longer. But but women, the moment it hits that battlefield goes and the whole lot. But men is just like, I go, what did I just think? That guy don't like me. We're a little bit more, you know, why would he say that? We But women goes, it goes back to another event to another event. No, no, no. And before they go, it's a big rabbit hole. Take that thought, catch it first. Is it pure? Is it good? Is it going to benefit you? If it ain't, done. Move on. Because whatsoever is good, whatsoever is pure, whatsoever is true, if he says, "My sister don't love me," that's not the truth. That's a lie. So, is it true? No, it's not. Put it down. Done. You can even do that. So, then Satan knows you had that thought because the Bible says, "Resist the devil and he shall flee." So, entertaining the thoughts is not resisting him. So you have to absolutely everything that comes your way as a believer, we just look at it different. We go, "Hold on. Is this going to add to my faith? Is this going to build some faith muscles? Is it going to give me faith here on my chest?" You know, is it going to give me something to to go closer to my brother or further away from my brother? Is this very thought going to separate or bring together? If it does that, if it's separating, if it's bringing a division, it's not from God. Cannot be. cannot be. He says, "On those things which you be both learned and received and heard and seen in me, do and then the God of peace shall be with you." So Jesus says, "I am the example." And we're going to look at him a bit. I am that example. And and because I'm the example, if you look at me, you'll make it through. You'll focus entirely on me, you'll make it through. not on opinions, not on anything else. Now, we know here's Peter and he says to Jesus, you know, Jesus says he will be crucified and they're going to they're going to crucify him and and now Jesus says to him, the will crow three times. You will you will deny me. And when he comes into the people and we're going to read a little bit about it. He says, "And Peter and Peter comes there to the place and the damel came to you and said, "Thou thou also was with Jesus of Galilee." So now she calls him out cuz he looks like a believer. So you go to Shikina Church, those weird people that always have long hair, long dresses, and look just different. You're that people. The first time I saw Sister Brunwin and and my wife saw Sister Bronwin, she looked different. We looked at her, we go Mormon. You know what did you say? She Mormon or Jewish or something like that. She looked different. So, she could really see she's different cuz everybody else around the world can't wait to take their clothes off. But you're just different. I'm sorry that we say these things, but you're different. God made you so. be happy about it. It's not a big thing. You're different. I'm different. I'm a different bunch of crazy than all the other crazies out there, but I'm having fun every moment cuz I'm happy with what God made me. You are different. You're supposed to be different. There's nothing wrong with that. I don't know who made that wrong. Where is it written that it's wrong? So, I can't have fun. So, when I I go to a public pool, I'm off my notes, but I'm going to say something. I go to a public pool in New Zealand and I've got long pants on a track shoot and I want to jump in the pool. Where's Josh? Can I get an amen here? Hey, they go, you can't swim in that. I just did. And I swim very fine. I grew up swimming. I'm actually a really good swimmer. I used to do it in shorts that was this long, but now I've got really long shorts. I can still swim or long pants. I don't know what you call it, but they're very long. But I I can do it. Why can't I do it? Oh no. The chemicals in the pool that was my wife might react to your pants. Oh, so they're different materials than the one that's just cut above the knee. Yeah. Wow. That changes everything. Why is it a problem? Have you ever thought about it? I like being different. Everybody else in this world can be different. We've got the HBQTV Z plus hashtags. Everything here this way, that way. They can do whatever they want. But I can't swim in a public pool with normal pants. What's wrong with this world? But I like being that way. So when he says to me, "I can't do it," I'll go, "Well, then I'll just go home." Then I just go home. If you don't want me to swim in your pool, fine. I'll go home. Doesn't bother me. Still going to have fun in my house. Might not swim in the bath, but I'll do something else. Okay. But why should it be such a big thing? Why do we make it so big? It's a minor. It's like this lady telling Peter, "Hey, you've been with Jesus. Your dress code, you look like a Galilean. What's the difference?" Don't deny that. It's who you are. Praise the Lord. He made me crazy. Awesome. But he denied it. Oh, you know, sorry. It's the only pants I have in my my It's the only pants I have. Really? Yeah, man. No, I wear this because God wants me to wear it. You like it or not, I'm going to just do it anyways. My revelation, something God showed me. And when he gone to the porch, the maid saw him that he was there and this was a fellow that was with Jesus of Nazareth. Oh, hold on. This is it, brothers, because I'm picking you tonight. So, don't worry. Your buddies, they wear long pants as well. I saw them last week here. Yeah, we had the same discussion. Yep. They're pretty good brothers and guess what? They can swim as well. What does it matter? Oh, no. No. But you all hanging out the same thing. We believe in the same thing. You know, you you you look at the Jehovah's Witnesses out there. You can spot them a mile away. They've got a bicycle. They've got their black tie Bible under their arms. They're going everybody can spot them, right? You can spot them a mile away. You can see them coming up the road. Why? Because they're not scared of what they are. They're not ashamed of what God put them or where God put them. They just who they are. Praise the Lord. At least they have dignity to pray. I saw a bunch of Jehovah's Witnesses sitting across me in in a table in Portera. Four little four boys. I think Shantel was with me. There was one of my work buddies and they bowed their head and they prayed for their food and then they ate their food. And I thought that man can walk with God. Not scared to be who they are. Not denying Christ in front of everyone. This is who I am. Thank you, Lord. You made me thus. So, don't be ashamed of it. It's a It's a very very awesome place to be when you don't care about anybody else but what God thinks about you. So, he denies that. And then he says, "And after a while, it came unto him. They stood and they said to Peter, surely thou one of them, for thy speech betrayeth thee." And now you start saying what you believe. You know, I come amongst people and and we talk about the scriptures and they all want to use the prosperity gospel and and you bring a little bit of serpent seed in there or you bring something about, you know, there's seven seals and do you know that seven steps of ascension? There's actually more to your dress code than just normal that there's a deeper revelation into it. When you start talking that your speech betrays you, guess what? They walk away from you. They think you're crazy. They think you're crazy. Don't share your serpent seat with people. They think we're nuts. Yet, if you look in your Bible and you go to Genesis and you take your time and you read the account word for word, not what the Bible pictures show, it shows serpent's head. But God opened your eyes to it. So, don't be ashamed. So, I'm not I'm not hitting on Peter here, but I'm saying is God gives you a chance to stand for this message in your day. That's the privilege we have. It's not a burden. It's a privilege. They think we're crazy. Awesome. Amen. Now we get these guys. They're in the message. They love to kill with a letter. They know all the scriptures, all the quotes. And what happened is in all the years of being in the message. Now look, look, I'm very new in the message. I don't want to go and step on anybody's foot feet, but they've been so long in the message that they got used to it. They got used to the quotes. They got used to all the the the the the old legalistic state and the all the the hardness and there's no love. They hard hard. And what happened is they made such a denomination out of this message that it if the prophet of God was still here, he would be crying saying, "What have I done wrong?" I mean it in a sincerity. I came into this church and all I found was love. All I found was Christ. I saw people live Christ. I saw people make mistakes with Christ. I saw people stand up and make more mistakes and stand up again. But they kept walking with Christ. I saw a life on display. I didn't see quotes. I didn't see rules. Nobody came to my wife and said, "You better dress up, sister." Nobody came and put a pressure on us to conform to some some quote that the prophet gave because they got a quote and they based their whole life on it. It was the love of God displayed through people that brought us in. God had hands and feet and you are them. And no matter how many Bible stories or quotes or even verses in the Bible you can rehearse and tell me and write songs about and everything, show me your life. Cuz if I see the life, I can say I agree. But if you take this letter and you just cut people's heads off with it and you just kill and you just give me all the facts that nobody can know, then there's no life in that. That's not the life of Christ. That's not the image that we look when our Lord Jesus came down and he took the cross for us and he did so many other things for us. There's no life in that. That's just law. We're a long time out of the law. We are not under the law. So I'll just paraphrase. Two men went up and this Pharisee looked at the publican and he knew, hey, how many times do you walk into a church and you look at a brother or sister? You're like, oh mate, those guys You do sometimes. I do. That thought comes in a split second. You can't help it. But what are we doing with that thought? Oh, you know, Dave is not here. I can pick on him. Oh, here. There's Davey again. He's just makes it in before the song service. That's the thought that comes. Is that Christ? Come on. We are we having church here or what? I mean, Shannon is laughing there, but what are you looking at and him being five minutes late? Who cares? He's here. Last time I checked, he was in the world and then God brought him in. He's here. I see a miracle when I see David. Don't care what other people think. I hope he's off hunting or something. See, your family, we we we children of Christ. We don't have this hardness. So, cuz look at this guy's eyes. He says, "I am not like the other man. I'm not like him. I am I am I am fast twice a week. I pray I I I I. It's all about him in his little world. And I read the quote this way and I see it this way. And if anybody doesn't see it my way, out they go. I can't fellowship with him. That's not God. Sorry. That's a religious spirit. I never heard the prophet say, "I think this and I think that." I think he says, "God." He always pointed back to God. God loves you this way. God wants it this way. God, God, God, he gives glory to Jesus. Never said me. And see what happened with this man is the real sinner that we supposed to get. Cuz remember, I want to ask you all a question. It's a very honest question. Are we in the rapture? Have we left this earth? We're missing one. We missing one because if that one was here, we're gone. because we are looking for that final one so we can go home. So there's one. He could be sitting here. He could be out on the street. He could be there fighting with swords. There's one missing. This attitude is not going to bring the one in. Amen. It's going to push him out there. It's going to take him longer to come in because God has to bring him in. But he wants to use us as as brothers and sisters. Amen. Same as this. This woman caught in the very act of adultery. Boy, the Pharisees had a field game with this because now they had the law against this woman and they can go to Jesus and they can prove to him that this this must be killed. This woman must be killed because we're right. Brother Brandham said this. Church doctrine said this. Oh, conduct. He said this. They do that. They take the prophet's word and they kill with the word. Where's the love? I want to read this account to you because this touched me really hard this week. And I thought, you know what? May we never have this type of attitude. But I'll tell you what is our attitude. Don't worry, we're not finishing on a low. We're finishing on a high. Scribes and Pharisees bought unto um him a woman taken in adultery. And when they sat in the midst, they said to him, "Master, master, great, great master." Huh? Hypocrites. The prophet said, "Brother, you know, when he was here and you know, he went to South Africa, they do it. They come in humility. They come in such a soft nature, but inside of them, they want to kill. They don't want to catch someone to God. They want to kill. I want to stop your influence. This woman was taken in the act of very in the act of adultery in the very act. Now Moses in the law commanded us, brother Brandham said that that should that she should be stoned. But what do you say? They come with these trick questions to you. We spoke a little bit about tonight. I don't want to go too much into it, but they come with trick questions to you trying to catch you out because you're not doctrinally right. I'm not doctrinally right. I'm right with Christ. He's still leading. He's still teaching. I'm willing to learn. Are you? Or have you learned everything and have forgot everything as well? I'm glad I'm learning what they forgot. He said, "And they trying to tempt him and that they might accuse him." But Jesus took down. See, he became lower than them. Yeah. And he wrote with his finger on the ground and and and as he not heard them, he said, "But here it comes." So they continued asking them. They want this debate. And he lifted himself up and said unto them, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her." See, because he looked at her heart and he goes, "This is not about the adultery here. This is not about a woman making a mistake. This is you trying to catch me out of my words. This is you trying to prove that you're holier than thou. That because you're 25 years or 70 years in the in the message, you know it all. And I'm just a leak and I know nothing. Well, if it's about what I know in the message is nothing, then guess what? You got it. I know nothing. But I know one thing. He saved me. I know a little bit more than you. He saved me. And because he saved me, he said he'll keep me cuz he cannot fail. And again he stooped and he wrote on the ground. And they that were convicted by their own conscience began to walk from the eldest to the youngest. But now Jesus looks up and he says to the woman, "Woman, where are thine accusers? Hath no man condemned thee?" So I want to ask you, is that our attitude? When we look at someone coming through the door, it looks like the cat dra dragged him in here, played him a couple of times and kicked him around. just looks like he's going through a real rough time. Or parents or or or people coming in and and they just have a little bit of pressure on them. Are we looking him with this? Huh? Knowingly did something wrong completely off the rails and they walk in the door. They hear they made it Sunday. They made it. Eventually this flesh dragged them into church. Do we have this? Say, "Hey, bro. Look around you. Do you see anybody pointing fingers?" No, you're home. What can happen when we have that attitude? That's the attitude of the bride. That's why Jesus came to the publicans. That's why Jesus was found with the harlots. Because his whole ministry, brother Ben, you nailed it tonight when you said it. That's his ministry is us. Is the sinner is the one that couldn't make it. That's why he came. But that's the heart of Christ within us. We cannot exclude anyone. We are definitely not exclusive. Brethren, he said unto them, "Go ye into the world and preach the gospel to every and Elise." Beautiful. So, hold on. Can you tell me what's a creature? Is it just humans? Every creature means if a wasp things you, you give him the gospel, huh? Come on. We speak to elements. Who Who's ever spoken to a storm? I did. It works. Brother Ben did. It works. I remember Papa New Guinea trip. Yeah. See, there's testimonies where God gave us the the spoken word. And this is what I want to master on to speak to all creatures. As far as I know, humans aren't the only creatures. There was a possum that went to brother Brandham and asked for prayer. And brother Brandham prayed for it. He he bumped into the hornets and they wanted to sting him and he just apologized and they went back in their nest. The bull in the field. This is a life that's been lived. It works. It works. There's a couple of sheep at my house. They don't want to listen to me, but I'll just keep preaching to them. Man, those things go everywhere I don't want them to go. I can see how we liken to sheep. Because if you ever want to see something get lost, the sheep. Oh dear. You put a fence up, they chew the fence. I've got a plastic fence. They'll chew through the plastic fence. I'm like, "Bro, don't go there. That's why the fence is there." But he wants to go there. Or she actually. M let's leave that. And I'm not lying. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. So who's doing the work? You or God? Who's doing the judgment? You or God? Don't worry if they believe or not. It's not your job. Pray for them. Have a burden for them. But that comes between them and God. Nothing to do in this church. We just preach it. They receive it. And if they receive it, praise the Lord. And if they don't, we preach it some more. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out demons. So what is your job, church? If you see that demon sinning on that demon of lust or that demon of depression or that demon of of just disobedience or whatever it is, you see it on on your brother or sister. What do you do? Do you go slap him, spray him through of holy water and say, "Get out, Satan." No. Love casts out demons. You love him first, then you worry about the demon on him. But sometimes we want to cast out the demon. We have no relationship with a guy. We don't even pray one day for him. And you want to cast that demon out. Never going to work. Never going to work. He'll sit right there cuz love cast that out. They shall take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They said lay their hands upon the sick and that doesn't mean a box law and they shall recover. Sometimes Liam gets sick or Ruben gets sick and they lie in the bed. And I always remember when I was young, my mom would sit with me. I was a very mama's boy. Okay. My wife can testify to that. Yeah. And uh I would be sick and I got this massive headache and my lips will swell up and I'm just lying in bed and I'm really sick. And all my mom would do, she'll lay my her head hands right on my head like this. She'll just hold it there. She'll put it on my chest, not say a word, but that hands will be there until I fall asleep. Now, I believe a simple gesture like that in love will heal me. I don't have to pray some massive exorbitant prayer and try to get all heaven in the room. Lay your hands out of love, dedicate them to God. He'll do the rest. It's not your ability. It's your love. It's the love that God gave us and showed us. That's what heals every heart. You know what biatitudes? You know why Jesus could preach those biatitudes? Because he lived it. He lived it. He was the manifestation of the biatitudes. He was poor in spirit before he got crucified. before they took him up, he said, "Lord, I have such I'm so down. I want to give you the scripture." This is what he said. Give me a sec. He said here, "Oh father," he says, "My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even unto death. Try he and watch with me." He's asking them. He's he's he's in his spirit. He's just sorrowful. He's got such a burden, such a heaviness on him. He understands the biatitudes when he preached them cuz he was living it. He was meek. No man like our Lord Jesus. So he's asking us can we be that same exp that same example? Because what happened here is this had to the Lord Jesus had to die for us to live. Now he is for us. We need to die so that others can live. But you need to die to yourself, your own ideas, the way you see things. You need to die to reasoning. You need to die to to making a preconceived idea of someone to these little filters and labels and all these things we put on each other. You need to die to that to getting offended or or getting wrongly done and holding a grudge. We need to die every day die. The Paul says daily die to self. But you need to die because our example died. See, we don't get whipped. Our beard doesn't get ripped out. We don't get m beyond only man. All he's asking us is, can you leave your own ideas and give them grace? Not law. So he lives that. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, except the corn of wheat fall to the ground and die, it abideth alone. But if it dies, it brings forth much fruit." Much fruit. So if you stick with Jesus, if you walk with our Lord, you'll be fine. But walk with him first. Walk in the word. If you don't understand someone or something goes a little bit wrong or miss or some something preached over the pulpit, it hurts a little bit, just take it back to him. It's a very very simple thing. It works. I I do it a lot. People use exuberant languages and stuff like that and and I I see all the message terms being thrown around and I and they lose me and I don't understand. I sit in in the pew and I start praying and say, "Lord, I'm missing this. Can you please show it to me?" And he does. Because see, my focus is first take it back to God. then you'll be fine. He says, "He that loveth his own life shall lose it, and he that is life um that hateth his light shall keep his life on um life eternal." He says, "But if any man serve me, let him follow me, and where I am, there also be my servant be. And if any man serve me, um him will my father honor." Now he says my soul is troubled and what shall I say? Father save me from this hour. See he comes to a point where Lord just save me. Just just let this pass. He says but for this cause I've come into this hour. Father glorify thy name. Then a voice came from heaven saying I will glorify it and I will glorify it again. And the people therefore stood by. I want to bring you this account. and heard it said that it was a thunder and other said that an angel spoke to him says but Jesus answered and said this voice I hope you read between the lines here this voice was not but didn't come be for me but it came for your sakes I want you to realize that this message didn't just come for God it came for us this voice that was put on tapes. This ministry that is the truth introduced me to Jesus Christ. I am not ashamed of it and I will never be ashamed of this message because I've never seen the rules. I've never seen the legalism that went through in all these church ages or or these these these the years before. I didn't see it. I only saw God. I only saw love. And this message is true. And now is the judgment of this world because of this message. He says, "And there shall be and the prince of this world shall be cast out." If you really listen to brother Brandham's tapes and you read your Bible, you will never ever, I promise you this, never ever have a ought against a brother or sister. Never. Never. I was a year I worked with brother Isaac. I bingched. listen to tapes, if you can say binge watching, binge listening. I don't know what you call it. I listened to so many tapes. I used to listen sometimes three a day. I was just feeding off the message. Never ever did this message put me in a legalistic state. It's easily you can go that way. You can go very liberal, you can, but God brings you into the middle. Never ever did it get me to hate someone in church. In fact, it changed me so much that you became their servant rather than their master. So this message works. Don't take a quote and form your life on a little bit of scripture or a quote that you hurt. That is you'll you'll kill yourself right there. You'll become a denomination. He says if a brethren is taken over in fault, ye which are spiritual, we got lots of them. Restore such a one Bible study. Remember we did this in our Sunday school kids in the spirit of meekness. So if I'm wrong, please can you come to me and not hit me with all the quotes? Can you just come to me and say, "Brother, you're doing wrong. I really love you. I need you I need you to to just listen. You said something that really hurt my feelings." And I'll go, "I'm so sorry. This is the last thing I would ever want to do is hurt someone's feelings. Brother Mont, when you spoke about this, I don't totally agree with you on this. Can we have a chat about it?" I'm like, "Yes, let's talk." That's the way we as Christians talk to each other. We don't hold things for next week. We don't put something on the shelf to when I have time, I'll come back to it. We don't do those things. We go and fix it right now because it's so more important to have fellowship with you than to put a issue between me and you and a division. It's so important to stay in good fellowship with you and and love you all the days of my life to have a misunderstanding between a brother and a and another brother. I saw brother M and and um brother Ben, they had a misunderstanding, bro. They fixed it that same day. Correct. We fix it. We move on. We don't linger these things. We crack on with it. He says, "Bear ye one another's burdens and so fulfill the law of Christ. For any man that thinks himself to be something when he is nothing, he deceiveth himself. But let every man prove his own work, and then shall he rejoice in himself alone, and not in other. For every man shall bear his own burden. Let him that is taught in the word communicate unto him that teacheth in all good things. Be not deceived. God is not mocked. And whatsoever a man seweth, he shall reap. For he that sweth of the flesh shall reap of the flesh, that is corruption. But he that sweth of the spirit shall reap of the spirit life everlasting. So to be carnal minded not good to be spiritually minded you're doing good. You go to God first. He says let us not be weary in welloing for in due season you will reap and as if you don't faint. So brother Isaac, sister Shannon, how long did you pray for David? How many hours, how many days have you spent on your knees for your sons and your daughters? Many. Many. In due season, you shall reap what you sow. Sister Vanessa, same there. How many hours, how many days? Brother Kib, like let's let's where the rubber hits the road. You're praying every day. You know what? My mom and dad prayed for me and I met the Lord at 32 years old. Never stop praying for me. Don't stop. Let us not be weary and welloing for in due season you will reap what you sow. You sow those seeds. I'll close with this. Our Lord was that seed that went into the ground. But one thing he taught us. Notice what harmony. Jesus never did anything until see the father do it and he showed him first harmony between God and Christ. John 5:19 it says all judgment is reserved received um reserved to Jesus. So will the bride um um so will the bride and he shows his word of life. He shows her so she receives it. She never doubts it. Nothing can harm her not even death. She's walking in a total different realm. He says, "For the seed be planted, the water will raise it up again." Oh, I can get a big hallelujah there. He says, "Here is the secret. Here's your secret, brothers and sisters. The word is in you. The word of God is in you and the mind of Christ." So, it's not just the word. We don't just kill with this. We don't just bring We have the mind of Christ. And the mind of Christ is the one that goes to the harlots, goes to the publicans, goes and sees beyond what happened, the circumstance, beyond the symptoms, and they look at the cause. They're a different kind of people. He says, "And she does it in his name. She has the dust, say of the Lord." So if you're praying for your sons and daughters, you have the dust, say of the Lord. It is within you. You're filled with the Holy Ghost. You believe that you can get healed. There's Brother Ron Spencer's testimony. It will happen. Do whatever you need to do. Fight whatever you need to do. Go wherever you need to do. Whatever it takes, but you have thus say of the Lord if you believe it because that's what the prophet says. It is germmitized. So the Holy Spirit waters it until it grows and it serves its purpose. So when you release that word and and sister Anna and us, we had a nice fellowship around this. When you release a word, remember, it will be like that. It's a powerful thing because if you're filled with the Holy Ghost and God gives you that utterance, he comes behind your word and he will not let that word fail. Because see what he does. He says, look at the green, they will do the works of God, for it is himself in them continuing his word to fulfill. And he did completed in his days all things when he was there. He did not complete all when he was here, for it was not time yet. I'm going to close. Musicians, you can come up. Our work, our work is Jesus Christ in us. Our works is to rest. Let God minister through us to everyone. Amen. All the creatures, not just the bride, not just the chosen ones, every single one. If we're going to go to heaven, how many can we take with us? I ask you. Are we are we happy to come every service here and we only count 80 every service? Is that is that's not where we at. We want them all in. We don't want to give one to Satan. Amen. I said, "But why this this burdens upon me?" And I want to just explain it again is it matters what you say. And no matter how big your life is on or how long you've been in this message, you message kids that grew up in the message, I feel sorry for you some days because they sincerely think they've got it all together because they heard all the quotes. They they they seen a life with mom and dad that was always good. They think they're okay, but they've never met him. You're not okay. You need to meet him first. No matter how well trained you are in reversed in the message, you sisters, I'm telling you that. No matter if your dad is the pastor, no matter if your if your dad is a deacon or or a song leader in the church, you need to meet Christ for yourself. If you haven't met him, doesn't count nothing at the moment. You're still on base number one. Walk. Don't stop walking. But but don't let your speech betray you. You you you have to get out of this message thought of because I'm in the message. I'm in the rapture. It's nonsense. The message is not the rapture. Jesus Christ is the rapture. The Holy Ghost is the rapture. The message introduces you to Christ for your day. That's fine. You need the message, but you need Christ. And no amount of quotes ever is going to get you in the rapture. So if you think you're okay because you know the quotes, you're not. And I'm encouraging because I thought I was okay before I met Christ, but I was not. And when I started listening to the prophet for my day and he's placing me in time and I start seeing what time we are at, I got convicted and I got concerned. And then I thought, you know what? I need to change something. But brother Brandham introduced me to Christ, the living God. I saw miracles happen in this church. I saw miracles happen in my house. I had prayer meetings on Fridays and all those things. But I had to meet Christ first. Message children, don't become a denomination. come to church, listen to a tape, go on with your life, and not meet Christ. You will never change. You will stay the same. You'll be a very good person. You'll be a very good person. Message kids are some of the awesomest, nicest, mannered, beautiful kids this world will ever see. But without Christ, you're still nothing. I mean it nicely. So when we look at each other, may we see Christ in one another. May we may we have the love of Christ to look around the room, look in other churches. Look, I just want to say I'm tired of going to to camps and I'm tired to go to places and all I hear is critique. That's not God. My mom always used to say to me, and I'm off my notes, but there's a reason for it. May God back this up tonight. My mom used to say, "If you have nothing good to say to someone, be quiet." Because our job is to find the last one. That's why we're here. And we can't leave until we find the last one. But sometimes we get so entrapped in the we made it into the message. The people in our families look at our speech and it betrays us. They look at our life and it's contrary to what this message is. Yeah, we look the part but we don't say the words. We go through some motions. This message is life. Every day of my life, I'm happy. I'll tell you this. This is Listen to what I say tonight. It's not boring to be in Christ. You're not losing out anything, boys. This world has nothing for you that I I didn't have. But in Christ, it's pure. In Christ, it's good. In Christ, it's holy. It is It is a good thing. Outside of Christ, nothing good. Telling you now. Am I bored? You kids have worries about being bored. No, we're not bored. In fact, we beat the youth in basketball. It was a deadly game and we had some knees and elbows going there. But we had fun because we can do what the world does. We just don't do it like them. We don't have to stoop to the world's level. We're a little bit higher. See, God gave you the word. He gave you He gave you Christ in your life. You're a different being, man. Stop living under your privilege. Your friend at school that you pray for, Reuben, Liam, Josh, God has given you the Holy Spirit. speak the word cuz a demon ain't going to go out if you don't speak to it. You can't think it out of someone. You say, "Lord, I'm coming for my friends. In the name of Jesus Christ, I accept it. You've never failed. You will release them. Lord, I pray for them." And you start praying for them. And when they come and talk to you, you don't talk like them. You talk like Christ. The only way you're going to get that devil off of them if you give them the word, the pure word. You go to Satan's level, he'll beat you with experience. He's been there for 6,000 years. He'll beat you every time. But when your speech don't betray you and they say, "Oh, let's go do this or let's do that." And they challenge you. Even the ones in the church and you speak what God speaks, not not legalism. Just say, "No, you know what? God, I don't want to go there. God doesn't want me to go there." Now, your speech is testifying for what you're believing. That speaks more than brother Ben would stand you on a whole Sunday trying to get a sermon to someone. Cuz it's in fellowship where I grew. It's in fellowship where God got a hold of me. Ben, brother Ben preaches it. We walk out this door. We go sit down and God just comes on the scene and he brings a brother and he opens up more and more and more because why? Their speech didn't betray them. Because they were real believers. Amen. So just remember, you're these people. You are the poor in spirit. You are the ones that mourn for the abomination out in the city. You look at girls walking around half naked. Don't even had clothes on. There was a lady on the street corners of Wellington. She was in a She didn't have a jacket on. She had a a top on like this and a and a little skirt on like this. It looked like I don't know what was going on with her. She was getting so cold. The devil had her in such a state that she would walk in this little bit of fabric outside getting so cold holding everything together cuz it's so cold in Wellington. But she wouldn't put a jacket on. You must be crazy to get there. But see, I didn't look at the circumstance and go, "That girl is crazy." I started looking and I said, "God, please touch that sister." Because I used to be liking that sister, that type of girl. When I was still in the world, that was my taste. But when God made me a new creature cre creature, start looking at those people and I look different. That's your job. I see people fight in Oakuckland with brother John and brother John and I were standing on the corner and we're looking at this and there's a a a man and a woman down the street busy fighting with each other shouting at the top of their voices slamming doors and he drives after her and then he goes and he opens his door and he's fighting and it's swearing and cursing and everything and brother John he's a witness he's standing right next to me and he says brother Aland says what should we do I said No, brother John, I don't know what to do. He says, "We shall pray right now." We bowed our heads in the middle of the street, busy, everything going on. Started praying. He said, "Lord Jesus, come on the scene for those people." And he prayed with such conviction. He said, "Lord, may this be broken in the name of Jesus Christ." You can see how Satan came between husband and wife or or man and woman. I don't know what's the situation, you know. I said, "But break that in the name of Jesus Christ." It wasn't even 10 seconds later the thing stopped. They got back in the car and it was calm. What happened? What did the argument stop there? No. The supernatural came in cuz the son of God was standing there and he knew his position. That's us. We are the superheroes of this age. We don't need to to to try to dress up a certain way or or or try to act a certain toughness when we see something at fault. We have the heart of Christ and the mind of Christ to go and pray for that brother and intercede. You're a special type of people. We come to church, we can't just come and be pew warmers. It's not what we're here for. We're here to tear down the kingdom of Satan with love. Man, think about it. You're the coolest people on earth. You can look Satan in the eyes with love and go, "Be God. He has to go. Because if you look with love, you don't see the the the sinner. You see the demon on them. You love the sinner, but you deal with that sin. It's different. Now, Shikina, the last one needs to come in. What are we doing? Does our speech betray us? When we walk into your building or your workplace, you walk in there, do you say, "Brother, hey, good morning all." You go, "Hey, good morning. God bless you. How was your day?" "Oh, my husband is very sick. What's wrong with him?" "Oh no, he's got cancer. Can I come and pray for you? I'm a believer. I I can come and pray for you. It's my job." It says here, "Marching orders." No. Oh, no. We don't want prayer. I'm trying. I I I'm available. Here's my number. You ever if you change your mind, if doctors give him up, I'll come and pray for him. Do we do that? I think brother does that a lot. Huh? That's our job, man. We're not going to give one away to the enemy. Not one. That's our job. Amen. Um, brother Isaac, you can start playing a song then to sing and and maybe I'll just close in a word of prayer. I just want you to think about this. God has placed a very great army that's going to finish his work. He's going to finish it through her. You're sitting here army. Each one of you, you might feel, Lilia, that you're the maybe little littlest one in the school. Okay, hold on. You're the most powerful weapon God has placed in that place. Most powerful. You know that your friends don't have one chance if it wasn't for you. Not one chance, but they've got Lilia in their class. So, you can check them all out. You say, "Lord, start with A. Who's A? Aaron. We start with Aaron. And then B for Betty. And go for Betty." And you start praying for them all. and you start claiming them to God because guess what? You have a burden for the people that you love. And even though let's call who's who's a bully usually or Charlie. Charlie is usually a bully. You pray for him first. You say, "Lord, change Charlie's heart." You'll see what happens in your life. You'll start walking the supernatural. You'll start seeing miracles. Guys, are you filled with the Holy Ghost? Yes. Pray for them. I heard you pray for your brother. Many a times you remember the testimonies. Where's your brother? Amen. See what force you are. Did you give up? No such option. Amen. So let's just bow in a word of prayer and and we just say thank you Lord. Father, that you have made us such a beautiful, special person, Father, that when we we come into a situation, Lord, that we don't see the obvious, we see the potential, Lord, like those um Pharisees, they only looked at the circumstance. Oh, caught in a very adult act of adultery, Lord. They were so ready to crucify and to kill and to stone. Their hearts were full like stones, Lord. But you didn't make us that, Lord. You created us a different kind of being. One that went look at people and see that they're totally lost, Father. And then you put this burden upon us, Lord, to finish your work, Lord. But your burden, it's not heavy, Lord. It is light. Because all we want to do is introduce them to the life that you've introduced us to. And Father, I pray that you'll give us boldness and courage, Lord, to go forth, Lord, and speak like we should and pray for our food, Lord, and pray over our people that we know and and be Christians, Lord, and with a backbone and some some strength in us, Lord, rugged ones, Lord, and like like Daniel, Father, if I think about or Daniel, or I think about the three men in the fire, Lord, where they just went before the king and say, "We're not slow to answer thee, Lord, King will rather die before we bow our knees to some God. They they didn't go and try to save him. They just said what it is. It's marching orders. Lord, when we get to work and we hear about someone that's sick, Lord, you've placed us there for a reason. We can pray. We can heal. We can help. Lord, Father, but we ask that you would lead us in such a way that it will not come by feeling, Lord, but only by your word, Lord, and by fellowship with you, Father. Because Lord, we don't want to just go around and lay hands on everyone and pray for them and and make it all confusing. Lord, we want your will, the thus sayith the Lord. That's through the bride. We want to know which ones is the ones you want us to to go to, Father. And I pray that each one of us would realize that, Lord, tonight that you've placed a great great gift in our life. It's called the Holy Spirit. It's called you, Lord. that you've given us the gift of life that you've given, Lord, at the day of Calvary, Lord, when you laid your your life down for us, Father, so that you could come in the multimember body, Lord, and you can fill us up with your love and you can finish the work that when you were here on earth to save the s to heal the sick, to save the the ones that's lost, Lord, to give the blind their sight back, Lord, spiritually and naturally, Lord, we believe in both of them, Father, to to let the dumb speak, Father, You gave that to us in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, may we go out and fulfill what you said in Mark 16, Lord, that we will go into all the world and speak to every creature, Lord. That we look different in who we are and and even see when a creature is in help, Lord, that our prayer would work. It was through the life of the prophet Lord that we see that the possum was healed Lord that the fish got its life back that squirrels came into existence that storms was broken Lord. It is a true testimony a wave offering Lord of what this message can produce when we go to Christ. Lord I pray Lord that you would give us that boldness and that strength to go and and to represent your kingdom as true stewards. Lord, if we haven't done it, I ask, Lord, that you would forgive us for that, Lord. And you would we just consecrate ourselves back to you, Lord, and say, Lord, we come, Lord, and we want to be your servants, Father, and we want to be lower than, Lord, anybody else, so that we can come inness and win souls to Christ. Lord, Brother Brandham said, and I wanted to put the quote up, but Brother Brandham said, you can preach hell, fire, and brimstone. It wouldn't change them because they got so lost in the world. But Lord, if we preach Christ, if we preach hope and love and and Lord, that you heal and you're a father, Lord, and and a redeemer, Lord Jesus, and we we come with love, Lord Jesus, you can get the preeminence in our lives, Lord. And and our speech don't betray us, Lord. And that and it does, Lord. It says that we've been with Jesus, Lord. You were lifted up and you drew all men to yourself, Father. So let us Lord just lift you up Lord so you can draw all men to you as well. We pray Lord. And if we haven't done it, we say Lord please once more give us that chance. Father lead us by your Holy Ghost and where we get that last one so we can go home. Father, I pray this in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Let's just um stand. Um this evening we'll sing um give me an E. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh glory, oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Bird is thou. Bird is thou a lighter. Brighter is my way. It is such a joy to walk within. When this journey here is over, I set my feet on heaven shore. Eternity all joy will just begin. Oh, glory. Oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh, and my Jesus saved me when he washed my sins away. And he cast him in the bottom of the [Music] sea. He picked me up and he turned me round. Set my feet on higher ground. Now I'm walking happy, glad, and free. Oh glory, oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, saying from harm and danger, I will be. Oh glory, oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to you, save from harmony. Can we just sing one? Let me sing. I win the saints. Oh, when the saints come maring in. Oh, when the saints go maring in, I want to be in that number. When the saints for my king, I'm a pilgrim. I'm a [Music] priming through this world of king. On my way to that city. Oh, and the saints my sheep. Oh, and the saints. So when the saints go maring in when the saints go maring in for how I love to be in that number when the saints were maring in. Oh, I know I'll sing my savior because my life is free from sin. Heaven's door will open for me. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, and the saints Oh, when the saints come maring in. When the saints go by, she for how I love me in their number. When the saints go by, when we gather, when we have around the throne and the gates of how we shout, glory, glory for the saints maring. Oh, insane. So insane. You're maring in. Oh, and the saints maring in. Oh, how I love to be in that number when the saints pull my feet. I am waiting high and waiting for the chariot to swing low and I'm standing up on the clouds right to heaven. When the saints go mar when saints Oh, when the saints come maring in. Oh, and the [Music] saint. Oh, how I love to be in that number. For when the saints go. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. Oh, how I love to be in that number. Oh, and the saint. Let's finish with this verse. Oh, and they crown. Oh, and they crown him Lord of all. Oh, when they crown him Lord of all. Oh, how I'm going to be in that number. when they crown him. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, brother. Thank you for that. That was that was a real blessing. A lot of things there spoke to my heart. I always like when you preach because it comes from your heart that the Lord's been working on so powerfully for so long and it's just out it comes and it's always the it's always it feels like we just get a genuine thing from the Lord you know there's nothing there's there's this genuineess in it and I really appreciate I really who loves brother Armand Amen Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. You're distress in Jesus name this evening. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] [Music] Oh. [Music] [Music] [Music]
