################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-07-13 - 16 0713 Have You Judged Him Faithful - Him Faithful.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-07-13
Title:   16 0713 Have You Judged Him Faithful
Speaker: Him Faithful
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OJv1EI-QlXY
========================================

Okay, good evening everyone. Uh let's just um let's open in prayer this morning. Uh this evening, heavenly father, we thank you that we can um be here this evening. We just ask your blessing upon the service. We ask Lord that you'd um join us Lord as we um sing songs to you or may the songs we sing be from our heart and Lord from our our understanding and our appreciation for you Lord for what you've done for us for um yeah for the good God that you are towards us and I pray you bless the ministry tonight. Bless brother Ben as he speaks Lord. May um he just step aside and let the Holy Ghost continue to um work through him. We just thank you for brother Ben and sister Christine and their family. Lord, we thank you for the blessing that they are um towards us. And I pray you bless those that couldn't make it here um this evening that um think of the Clifford family away in Oakland and the the um Wally can't make it in the different ones. So we just want to commit the service to your hands tonight and just um just want to invite you here in our midst Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Are we going? Is this on? Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Okay, let's do um um let's stand tonight and we'll sing um You Ask Me Why, you're not. So, I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. It's number 296. Amen. Inde. You ask me why I'm happy. And I'll just tell you why. Because my sins are gone. And when I meet the scoffers who ask me where they are, I say my sins are gone. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is from in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Was at the old time altar when God came in my heart and now my sins are gone. The Lord took full possession. The devil did depart. I'm glad my sins are [Music] gone. They're underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary. As far removed as darkness is pummeled in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. When Satan tries to tempt me, tries to make me down. I You got me into trouble, but Jesus got me out. I'm glad. My sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary, removed as darknesses from doom in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. I'm living now for Jesus. I'm happy night and day because my sins are [Music] gone. Soul is filled with music with all my heart. I say I know my sins are gone. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from gold. In the sea of God's forgetfulness, that's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. They're underneath the blood. There underneath the blood on the cross of Calvary as far removed as darkness is from in the sea of God's forgetfulness. That's good enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Praise God. Praise God. My sins are gone. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's do um 208. There's a light in the window. Tables sled in splendor. Someone standing by the open door. I can see the crystal river. Oh, I must be here forever. And I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can't see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I can see the families gathered. Sweet faces all familiar. No one's old or feeble anymore. Now my lonesome heart is crying. I'm going to spread my wings for flying. I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I have heard the end time message as spoken by the prophet told me of my bridegroom's love for sure. And the king of glory yonder has given me his promise. And I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. I see the bright light shine. It's just about home time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. [Music] Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Verse three, I have heard the end time message as spoken by the prophet. He told me of my bridegroom's love for sure. And the king of glory on earth has given me his promise. And I've never been this home sick before. I see the bright light shine. It's just about a whole time. I can see my father standing at the door. This world has been a wilderness. I'm ready for deliverance. Lord, I've never been this home sick before. Amen. Amen. Uh let's just slide down a bit tonight. We'll do um the love of God is greater far than tongue or pen can ever tell. I don't know what number it is there, Brother Arman. Um a love of God, how rich, how pure. The love of God, maybe I want to do it. 44. It's got eight. Is that too low? It's too low. Hey, [Music] the love of God is greater than tongue opening. can ever tell. It goes beyond the highest star and reaches to the lowest hell. The guilty pair bowed down with care. God gave his [Music] son to when his airing child he [Music] reconciled and pardoned from his sin. Oh love of God, how rich and [Music] pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever. [Music] See the saints and [Music] angry time shall pass away and earthly thrones and kingdoms full. When men who heal refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains core, God's love so sure shall still endure all measureless and strong redeeming grace to Adam's race the saints and [Music] a yell song. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measurless and strong. It shall forever more endure. The saints senate held song. Could we within the ocean fair? And were the skies of parchment made? For every soul on earth equipped and every man, a scribe by trade to ride the love of God above would drain the earth and dry. Nor could the scroll contain the whole though stretched from sky to sky. For love of God, how rich and pure, how measureless and strong it shall forever more [Music] enjoy your song. Oh love of God, oh love of God, how rich and pure, how measurless and strong. It shall forever more endure the saints and angels song. One more time. For the love of God, how rich and pure, how measulous and strong it shall forever more endure. [Music] The saints [Music] sending you to [Music] song. I have a maker. I have a [Music] maker. He formed my heart. And before even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that PS and hears me when I go. I have a father. He calls me his own. And he'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. He knows my name. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I call. Amen. Isn't that true? Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just bow heads in a word of prayer. Gracious father, we thank you. You hear us when we call, Lord. And we don't just talk to you, you talk back to us. And Father, what is this great love divine, Lord, that you've caused us to become one with you, Lord, that every day we walk with you, Lord. And it's it's ultimately not by our choosing, it's by your choosing. Lord, you wanted to come down and have fellowship with us and make yourself known. Lord, we're eternally grateful, Lord, that we can just know you in the power of your resurrection, Lord, the likeness of your sufferings, Lord, that we don't have a theory. We have a living God. We praise your mighty name that you're present, Lord. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. And Father, as we just look into your word now, Father, may you just increase our faith, Lord. Give us bulldog faith, oh Lord, to stand on your promises no matter what we see. Father, may you grant it for your glory. Be it those who couldn't be here tonight, Lord, be their portion. Father, go out where whoever is streaming the service, Lord. Go into the rooms they are at. And Father, may you be glorified in everything said and done. Lord, we commit the service into your hands. And we want to praise your mighty name. In Jesus Christ's name we ask these things. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Isaac. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. It's good to see everyone out on this dark and stormy night. Amen. No place I'd rather be though. Amen. Let's just go to Hebrews chapter 2. One of my favorite portions of scripture. It's hard to have a favorite because it's all good. But um Hebrews chapter 2 and we'll read uh from verse 9. Now let's read actually from verse five. It says, "For unto the angels hath he not put in subjection the world to come. Wherefore we speak, but one in a certain place testified, which was actually David, what is man that thou art mindful of him? Or the son of man that thou vis visitest visitth him? Thou madest him a little lower than the angels. Thou crowned him with the glory and honor, and didest set him over the works of thy hands. Thou has put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him, because there's still death in the world. But we see Jesus who was made a little lower than the angels for the suffering of death crowned with glory and honor that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man. For it became him for whom are all things and by whom all things by whom are all things and bringing many sons under glory to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings. For both he that sanctifieth and they who are sanctified are all of one. uh for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren, saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee. And again, I'll put my trust in him. And again, behold, I and the children which God hath given me. For as much then as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same, that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is the devil, and deliver them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage. For verily he took not on him the nature of angels, but he took on him the seed of Abraham. Wherefore in all things it behooved him to be made like unto his brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high priest in the things pertaining to God, to make reconciliation for the sins of the people. For in that he himself hath suffered being tempted, he is also able to to to sec um to suffer, which is help them that are tempted. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may you may be seated. Now I want to um let's just go to uh Genesis chapter 2 as well. I just want to read another scripture from Genesis chapter 2. It's very familiar piece of scripture but we'll just read from verse four. It says, "These are the generations of the heavens of the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth in the heavens, and every plant of the field before it was in the earth, and every herb of the field before it grew. For the Lord God had not caused it to rain upon the earth, and there was no man to till the ground, but there went up a mist, a mist from the earth, and watered the whole face of the ground. And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life. and man became a living soul. Now we understand that uh Genesis chapter 2 uh Genesis chapter 1, he made spirit man. They put that man into a body. They put spirit man into a body. Now God, we see here it's it's it's interesting when you really look at, you know, notice it says that he made him out of the dust of the ground. And when when uh when God would would begin to address Ezekiel in in in Ezekiel chapter 2, you know, he would call himself um he would address Ezekiel as as son of man. And this and this son of man uh it actually uh is referring to uh the son of the dust. Amen. Because man was man was made out of the dust. His this physical body, dust thou art and dust thou shalt return. And so if you look at dust, it's a very interesting thing because, you know, it'll it'll move. You can you can it always goes to the lowest part of wherever it is. You sweep it, you blow it, it always goes down into everything. You know, it's it's really a it's a it's a formless thing. Amen. There's there's no real shape. It's just whatever's whatever's, you know, affecting it, it'll just form a heap or a pile. It'll just spread around based on whatever is affecting it. And it was really showing, God was showing in here what man would be like. Amen. Without something to add to the dust to make it into a form. Because you understand, you can take dust and you can add water into it. Then you can make clay. Then you can make it into a vessel. But without the water, without that added ingredient into the dust, it's just dust. And it just is just a formless thing. And God would take the dust of the earth and he would he would fashion it into a body and he would he would breathe into this body and he would put Adam the spirit man into this body and God would uh then then then he gave dominion the spirit man he he continue to have dominion over the creation. But we understand that when when man fell uh they weren't made in the likeness of God anymore but man was made in the likeness of fallen man. And you can see that because you know it's not very not that many generations. We know they lived a long time but it wasn't many generations to when there was Adam in the garden. Adam and Eve in the garden and then it comes to such a terrible state upon the earth that God wants to destroy man you know you know with Noah it's really not that many generations. And so the world and and because why? Because man man is the son of dust. And when now there wasn't that eternal life. There wasn't eternal life in Adam and Eve anymore. They were mortal flesh. And so being being in this fallen nature, even though they knew they had fallen from a place and and their descendants, they they begin to tell them testimony of what it was like to be in the garden. They, you know, and and their descendants were longing and looking for the time they would go back into Eden. But because they were we were they were men of dust. Amen. the devil could come along and push them around and, you know, cause man to do all manner of wicked things because there's no real form of man. You know, dust is dust. The shape that dust takes, as I said, is purely because of what is affecting the dust. Amen. But you take a bunch of clay and it'll stand there, you know, you you know, you just blow in a bit of clay, it'll stay a bit of clay. Amen. Because there's water mixed in. You understand? But that same pile of dust, you blow on it, it'll just scatter. And it's the same thing with man. I'm just kind of laboring something a little bit if you if it's all right. But you see, it's the same with man. Whatever the conditions are upon the earth or the popular culture, man will just blow with the culture and say this is acceptable. I'll do this and this is seems good and this is the popular opinion. What is it? Because their people are the man of dust. Amen. But now God would God would take these same elements that well, you know, maybe I should backtrack. Brother Bram, he said, you know, he spoke about people in Jeff uh uh in Jeffersonville. You see someone walking down the street and they and they think they're worth a million bucks, but he said they're just a pile of Indiana dust or or what he he say he also said it's volcanic ash with life in it. And if you've ever seen volcanic ash, it's just a bunch of dust. Amen. And he says it's just like a plant. It's volcanic ash with some life in it. But the only thing is there's a different kind of life in a person than there is in a plant. Amen. So at the end of the day, we're all just 60 odd elements with a bit of life in it. Amen. That's all we are. And people spend so much time on these bodies and they and they, you know, their whole life is selfies and look at me and I'm in shape and all these kind of things. But at the end of the day, this natural life is just a bunch of volcanic ashes with some life in it. Amen. But there's another part of man which is the important part of man, and that is the soul of man. Animals don't have souls. Amen. Your dog doesn't have a soul. Your pig doesn't have a soul. Whatever animals you have, your cat doesn't have a soul. Chimpanzees don't have souls. Only man has a soul. And you can see that because chimpanzees, I probably said this a while ago, but you know what a chimpanzeee did in the in the days of Jesus, their great great great great great offspring chimpanzeee does the same thing that that chimpanzeee did. But man, in the days of Jesus, we weren't we weren't in space. Now we're in space. They didn't have the internet. Now we have the internet. Why? Because man has a soul. He's trying to he's trying to always advance himself. And so, so when when when Adam fell, then they weren't the sons of God anymore. They fell from their position and they truly became the sons of Adam. So they were they were sons of the dust. They were sons of men. And so Jesus now, he he took those same elements that everyone else was born with. Amen. He was born with the same kind of body. Amen. But it wasn't a fallen body. But it had had the same kind of brain. You had the same kind of hands and feet and heart and all kinds of things. You know, he had all those things. He took those same kind of elements. But he was going to show to the devil that this dust, you know, because he caused man to fall to this position of of of depravity. But God was going to show I'm going to take those same same kind of man. Amen. But of course, he was born without sin. He didn't have a fallen nature like you and I were born with. But then God would take those kind of elements. He'd make a man like we are made. Amen. And he would show that a man of dust is going to bring a redemption. Amen. Amen. A man of dust is going to take this take this fallen fallen creation and take it back up to what it's meant to be. You following me? Amen. So you see the prophets, you know, the difference between Moses and Pharaoh is Moses wasn't a man of dust anymore because he wasn't just clay. He wasn't just dust, but he had he had life in him. I mean, God, it was God and Moses going down into Egypt. Cuz you read in Exodus chapter 3, there's the burning bush. God speaks out the burning bush and he says, "I have heard the cries of my people. I have come down to deliver them and I'm sending you." And the simplest thing is was he says, "I've come down. I'm going to go in you to deliver my people." Amen. Because Moses, you know, there's some things he says, you know, just raise up God, you know, just raise up his staff and and and frogs come or fleas come or he tells Aaron to do certain things and the river goes to blood and but then when they're when they're there by the Red Sea and it's amazing because when you read the account, you know how they came out of Egypt and then they're coming down to the Red Sea and God tells them to go a certain way to end up in that spot and then they see the Phil uh the the the Egyptian army coming to destroy them and said it's going to be and it looked like it's going be the greatest massacre there ever had been upon the face of the earth. And all the people are saying to to Moses, "Have you brought us out here to die?" You know, and then he speaks these words. He says, he says, "These Egyptians, you see, this day will be the last day you'll see them." I'm not saying it verbatim. This is basically what he says. You won't see this enemy anymore. But then, but then he's But then, so he's all worried and then God speaks and says, "Why Christ speak and move forward? you know, why are you worrying? So, there's one. So, so in one instance, he's prophesying, you won't see these enemies again. And the very next instance, he's saying, "How are we going to get out of this mess?" Amen. And that's much like you and I. Amen. We know. We know he's under the blood of bulls and goats, but the same life that was in him is in you. And Moses was a man like we're men. Amen. Moses had a temper like some of us used to have a temper. Hallelujah. You know, yeah. He he he he had battles like we have battles. Amen. Amen. Brother Bram said that he was on the back side of the desert. God took 40 years to get Egypt out of Moses. And what did he use? He used he used a hotteered wife and he used a bunch of sheep on the back side of the desert and in in sometimes very hard conditions. So he used the everyday. Amen. To get Moses out of Moses. Amen. Amen. And so when we step into a trial, we should just say, "Thank you, Lord. You're trying to get me out of me." Hallelujah. Amen. Because remember, he doesn't finish molding you after you receive the Holy Ghost. Amen. You're still being refined and your character is being molded and you know, so he's still, you know, so so he spent 40 years to get Moses out of Moses. Then he could use Moses. Now, we don't have 40 years. I mean, God wants to use us right now. But you see there was a there was such a dual part you know where where where Moses you would say things and it wasn't Moses speaking it was God speaking but then but then it went back from it went from God and Moses but then it went to Moses again and and the people were getting confused because they got so caught up in the man and they saw the failures of the man and they saw how he was and it's always the veil that God presents himself through is the thing that People stumble with like Jesus. He wasn't a man. You know, the scripture tells us that when we saw him, listen in Isaiah 53. When we saw him, there was nothing of him that we would desire him. See, he wasn't a big handsome. You know, you see the pictures, he's blonde head and six foot and strong and, you know, he wasn't that kind of guy. He didn't look like a king, but he had the character and nature of the King of Kings cuz he was the King of Kings. Amen. But it was always you it was the veil and you know he you know he's raised in a poor place and the scribes and Pharisees they thought if if if the Messiah was going to come he would be out of their Bible school he would be a rich guy and he would have a wonderful family lineage and all these kind of things you know but so Moses is there I just want to go back to that because Moses was there and he said you won't see them again. He had no idea what was going to happen. God told them to God told him to walk down this way and sometimes God says go do certain things and we follow him and then we say what's going on. Hello. Have we been there? Amen. God tells you do this and go here and you should do this and then you come down to that spot like Moses cuz you like let's go to Exodus. Let's just read this. I want to show you this because they didn't just because a lot of perception in Christianity or you know when you watch Bible movies and stuff you just think that they they flee from Egypt and they just run as fast as they can and then oh here's the Red Sea. Oh we got lost. No, God ordered their footsteps. Now see if we can find it. Yes. Now, it's in chapter 14. And verse one. So, I want you to notice God tells him exactly where to go. Yep. And normally when God tells you to do something, you're like, "Yep." You know, you're all like, "Let's gung-ho and let's charge in and let me get the first blood." And, you know, you jump and you want to be in the first one in the charge. Yeah. Because you're all gung-ho because you think, you know, gung-ho, you're all together. you haven't heard. Anyway, Exodus 14:1, and the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, speak unto the children of Israel, that they turn and encamp, now forgive me when I trip over all these words, before fire hath Lauren, between Mdul and the sea, over against Baal, Zephan, before it shall you encamp by the sea. For me, for Pharaoh will say to the children of Israel, they are entangled in the land, the wilderness has shut them in. and I'll harden Pharaoh's heart, and he shall follow after them. And I'll be honored upon Pharaoh and upon all his host, that the Egyptians may know that I am the Lord." And they did so. So God tells him, you go here, you encamp here by the sea. This is where you're going. Yeah. So they didn't just, it wasn't a mad dash out of Egypt. Let's run and here we are. How did we get to this spot? And then now, let's just just just drop down and we'll read from verse 10. They say you just go to verse 9. But the Egyptians pursued after them all the horses and chariots of Pharaoh and his horsemen and his army and overtook them and camping by the sea beside Fhath Lauren which we just read before Baal Zephan. So they were exactly where they meant to be. Yeah. And when Pharaoh drew nigh, and the children of Israel lifted up their eyes, and behold, the Egyptians marched after them, and they were sore afraid, and the children of Israel cried unto the Lord. They said unto Moses, because there was no graves in Egypt, hast thou taken us away to die in the wilderness? Wherefore hast thou dwelt thus with us, to carry us forth out of Egypt? Is not this the word that we did tell thee in Egypt, saying, "Let us alone, that we may serve the Egyptians, for it had been better for us to serve the Egyptians, than we should die in the wilderness." And Moses said unto the people, "Fear ye not. Stand still and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show to you today. For the Egyptians whom you have seen today, you shall see them again no more forever." He didn't know he was going to open the sea up. Amen. But notice, God told them to go this direction. Moses could have said, "This is where we're going. Here's the map. This is where God says we're going to go, and this is and then they get to the spot, they say, "Why have you brought us out here to die?" Where's the confidence? Amen. But we come to those spots, too. God tells us to do specific things, and then we come to the spot, he doesn't lead you in into a death trap. God doesn't lead you into the death trap. He leads you in what you may think is a death trap, but it's not your death trap. It's Satan's death trap. Amen. He brought he brought them that way because he wanted he wanted to drown them in the Red Sea. He wanted to destroy them that they would know that there was a demarcation where the enemy that they once were in bondage to had been destroyed. Amen. Amen. They wanted He wanted them to realize that they didn't have to live in fear from the slave masters of Egypt anymore cuz I'm going to drown them and you're going to watch them be drowned. Hallelujah. It's the same thing. We come out of Egypt the world and we get scared. Oh, I'll get entangled back into it. But then God comes along. He says, "I'm going to show you a time where you can literally mark the grave of your enemy." Amen. Because these enemies that once afflicted you are not going to afflict you anymore. Hallelujah. Amen. And he wants to see he wants you to watch. He he could have basically said to them when they crossed, he said, "Now you see this area. See see this kind of valley? It's like a grandstand. You just you just go up there. You watch. Make some popcorn. Watch it unfold. I'm not I trust I'm not I'm not trying to say it as a joke, but he he wanted them to see their enemy drown." That's right. Amen. He wanted them to recognize the enemy is dead. Now Now, but notice this verse 14. Remember this is like us. We're men of dust. Remember there's this this body is we're still looking for a body change. So we still live in this thing. Yeah. These five senses our emotional realm. We still live with this guy. But this guy is your enemy. This guy. What do you mean? How can I I'm not I'm not talking about you're not schizophrenic now. You understand? But this man this man the emotional man he is your enemy. because he will declare things to you that are contrary to this guy. And this God is always right. Amen. That's why the scripture tells us to cast down reasoning. Amen. Cast down everything that exalts itself above the word of God. Amen. That's what Paul, you know, instructed the people. Just cast it down. What does that mean? Chuck it on the ground. Have nothing. Don't just put it down. You just cast it down. Disregard it. Amen. Amen. Because remember, we're a man of dust. And if we're not careful, we'll go with the wind. But there's but there's been water added. Amen. There's been something to mold us and shape us and the Holy Spirit's dwelled in us that we're not dust anymore. Amen. But we're living tabernacles of the living God. So there's something in us that's stronger than whatever the winds blow. It's stronger than whatever the world tries to do. There's something in us that's stronger than whatever is is is afflicting us. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. See, now he says, "The Lord shall fight for you, and you shall hold your peace." This, now we're in verse 14. This is Moses. And then verse 15, "And the Lord said unto Moses, why for Christ thou unto me?" Look, so he's just said this. You see these guys, you won't see them tomorrow. You will see them no more forever. That was the promise. That was God speaking through them. Yeah. But then now the Lord, but then obviously, see, see that was God and Moses, but now Moses and Moses begins to get worried. The flesh man begins to get worried because he's got responsibility. He's got a million odd people that he's brought out. He's got God's people that, you know, you know that he's brought out of Egypt. And we always feel human responsibility. But he just he told them, "The Lord shall fight for you. You shall hold your peace." Amen. So you're not going to do this. If you're not going to fight them, the Lord will fight for you. Remember, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And the Lord said unto Moses, why for Christ thou unto me? Why are you worried? This is what he's saying. Why are you crying? Why? Speak unto the children of Israel that they go forward. Amen. So there can come times in life where we're walking with the Lord, but then circumstances come, situations come, and it actually puts a halt to our march. Amen. We've all been there. Amen. But he says, he says, "Don't cry unto me. Just speak and move forward." Amen. Take the promise. Remember, his promise was, "I'm going to take you from Egypt. I'm going to put you in the promised land." That was the promise. And they just had to keep the promise in front of them. Amen. There's going to be a rapture. Us and our children will be there. Amen. You and your seed will be there. The word says that my word will not depart out of your mouth or your seed's mouth or your seed seed's mouth. So that means that the word will not depart out of your ch your mouth or your children's or your grandchildren should you have them. That's a promise in Isaiah. Amen. That's the promise. Amen. That's what he said. So he says he says speak and move forward. So don't don't don't don't stop where you're going. Amen. Why do obstacles come? Why did the Red Sea come? To kill to to drown the enemy. That was the only reason that obstacle was there. Amen. Why do trials come? Why do obstacles come? To kill the enemy. Amen. Amen. for you. You know, you'd think they had all these miracles in Egypt, then they come down to a spot and then God opens the Red Sea. You would think these people would have so much confidence. Look at what God wasn't that long ago. Remember, two days before this, they were slaves or how Yeah, it wasn't that long before two I think about two days they were slaves. Now, they were dancing on the other side of the Red Sea under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit, rejoicing because the enemy had just been killed. you. And and when they walked over the Red Sea, it says they walked like upon dry ground. Yes. They weren't bogged down walking. Amen. Remember this really happened. This is not some figurative or isn't this a nice story? This literally happened. Amen. This happened like we're having church right now. Amen. This literally happened. And he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. And then so he says, "But lift up thy rod and stretch out thine arm over the sea and divide it, and the children of Israel shall go on dry ground through the midst of the sea." You see? So why? So why' the obstacle come to kill those guys to kill to kill the Egyptians? Yeah. And why do trials come that it would take fear out of you? You understand? because you have to come to a point and we'll read it in Hebrews 11 where Sarah maybe let's just read it before I misquote the scripture the time our God is God he is the Lord Amen he's in control Amen he's in control of everything that's why I just I just want to get that across Amen God that led them out is the same God that revealed himself to a prophet and that same God is present here. That's why we have that pillar of fire photograph is that to show that that same pillar of fire in the burning bush is the same one that revealed himself through the Old Testament. The same one that came and dwelt and Jesus became a man. The same one came in the upper room and filled the 120 in the days of you know in the day of Pentecost. The same one today. Amen. Cuz he did the same things. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Bram, I was just hearing a bit of message in the in the in the car. I can't remember what sermon it is, but he said about how the how Jesus revealed the thoughts and tents of the hearts of the Jews and the Samaritans. And he said, "God is not a God of partiality. So if he does it to those people, he's got to do it to the Gentiles." Because there's three races of people upon the earth. Can I hold up three fingers? There's the Jew, Gentile, and Samaritan. Yeah. Sorry, I'm getting old. They're getting funny. I don't know. You know what I mean? And so he had to do it to the Gentiles. And then in that same sermon, what happens? He says, "Now he's here." And he and he begins to call people out saying, "This is your name. This is where you're from. This is" and he's doing, he said, "The same God that was back there is now here." And so that same angel of the Lord came into the meeting and revealed himself saying, and he said, "Now we're waiting for the sign of the Messiah." Amen. The sign of the resurrection. And that's and that was what what was happening when when God would reveal the thoughts and tents of the hearts of the people said this is the messianic sign. This is the sign of the Messiah. Amen. Amen. To show he's the same God. That's why we have that photograph because that same God that was back there. Cuz how do you know he's the same? Because he did the same things he did back there. That proves he's the same God. And then will you say, "Well, that's just signs and wonders." It vindicates this. Amen. Amen. And a further vindication, this is the same God you read about in here comes and dwells in you and lives the same life. Now, Hebrews 11 and and verse, let's just read from verse 8. By faith Abraham when he was called to go out into a place which he would after receive an inheritance obeyed and he went out not knowing whether he went by faith he sojourned in a land of promise as in a strange country dwelling in the tabernacles with Isaac and Jacob the heirs with him of the same promise for he looked for a city which hath foundations whose builder and maker is God. Through faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was yet past age because she judged him faithful who had promised. Amen. So she she had to come to a place the same place you have to come to where you judge him faithful. Amen. Because remember Sarah is a type of the church in the last day. Amen. Suffering the reproach, being out of the world, not living naturally as as wonderfully as the other churches do like Lot and all those down in Sodom. Amen. But there has to come a point where we judge him faithful. Amen. where you see brother Baron he preaches a sermon works is faith expressed 1965 and he says the the works you live or the life you lived is a revelation of your faith amen because man God sees your faith and man sees your works or your life that you live and he and he and I don't have it on me but if you go listen to it he says basically now I'm going to show you that what I believe is true so he says basically I'm going to show you cuz works his faith expressed. So, I'm going to show you the works that prove my faith in in what I believe. And he talks about the angel of the Lord. And then he comes down and he proves himself over and over again supernaturally. Amen. I mean to prove that the same God that was back there is here. Amen. Amen. But then there has to come to a point because because he had to know who he was. Now the prophet had to know who he was. You have to know who you are. Who you are. Amen. And how did he know? He said if it's God, speaking of the discernment and everything in the visions, he says if it's God, it will never fail. Amen. So he judged him faithful. He says he hasn't failed one time. He judged him faithful. Now you have to judge him faithful. Amen. The Lord. Amen. Brother judged Jesus Christ faithful. Amen. To back up his word. That's right. Now you have to judge him faithful. Amen. Amen. You have to judge him faithful. And whatever he has promised to you, you have to judge it faithful. Amen. You have to judge him faithful because it says in another part of the book of Hebrews, it says when an oath is confirmed, there is a cease of all strife. Amen. So what does that mean? So it means if I promise something to you and then I confirm it, you don't need to worry because you know I'm going to do what I said. Amen. And that's speaking of Abraham as well. When a when an oath is confirmed, there's it cease from all strife. So when the Lord because this is the Lord's oath. This is a promise to you. Amen. This is a promise to you. It's a love letter to you. But the the battle comes in. It's not if this is true. Amen. The battle comes into is actually well, do you believe it to be true? Because this has been proven. That's right. We got 11 just you just take the you know the last hundred years. We have we have so much proven evidence that this is true. And then you can then they go back and then you go back further and you go back even the days of Jesus. They dig down in the Holy Land. They just found a graveyard of the Philistines and you know they find all of the all of the civilizations everything that is talked about in the Old Testament. That's like the Hittites that were in the Old Testament. One of the nations that Israel fought against. People scoffed at it saying, "Well, there's no such thing as the Hittite nation." And then they go digging around then and they find them. Amen. It's been proven that it's true. But it has to be proven. But remember, when the oath is confirmed, there's a seat. You cease from all strife. So you cease from all worry and torment. And is it true? Is it really true? But when it's confirmed to you, you understand? When he confirms his his oath to you, that's when we can cease. That's when we can know he promised it. I believe it. That settles it. Amen. Amen. Because now there's this. Now you can rest. And that's what Israel should have done. Well, he brought us out of Egypt. That's right. The death angel couldn't touch us because we put the blood on the door and the lentil. And he said that we would come out in a mighty hand and we would spoil the Egyptians. And look, they gave us you you go read it on that on that night when the death angel came. The Egyptians came and gave them all their gold and all these things, all their jewelry. Take it, go. And they said, "Be gone." And they spoiled them. They came out with a mighty hand. Now, if they really had confidence cuz God, what God wasn't just just just bringing judgment upon Egypt, he was building confidence in his people. That's what he's wanted to do. He's wanted to show this is me. I'm Jehovah God. Look, I'm greater than the God of the Nile. I'm greater than the God of the, you know, you know, the frogs and the flies and the and the sun and everything. Every plague that was poured out was actually a plague upon one of the Egyptian gods. Cuz God was showing, I'm greater than all these all the gods in this country. I'm greater than this country. Yeah. And he was trying to build confidence in his people that I am the Lord God and there's nothing there's no one beside me. And to me that should have been, you know, you know, for some of them like Caleb and Joshua, there's a cease from all strife cuz he confirmed his oath to them. Amen. Amen. You understand? And it has to be the same thing with us. We have to judge him. There comes a point that we have to judge him faithful. Amen. in every situation. Just remember, if he's done something, has he done something for you? Amen. If he has he if he's done something for you, he didn't just do it just to say, "Well, here's some sincere people. I'm going to shake some trinkets in front of them, make them a bit religious." He was wanting to build confidence. Amen. that he is the Lord God and he and and and he loves you and he wants to build confidence that doesn't matter what happens in life you can say I know my redeemer lives. Amen. Amen. Because Job said even if he slays me yet I'll trust him. So Job Job wasn't depending on well I have everything good therefore the Lord loves me. He says even if he slays me I'll trust him anyway. Amen. We have to I trust you've you've come to that place where you've judged him faithful. If he was faithful back then, he still remember he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. What did he do for you yesterday? Did he help you yesterday? You called upon his name and he delivered you yesterday. He guided your steps yesterday. He answered your questions yesterday. He gave you peace yesterday. What has he done today? He's delivered you today. He's answered your questions today. You know, he's guided your steps today. What's he going to do forever? Exactly what he's done before. Amen. It is what it is. Hallelujah. So God and that's why Jesus now I'm going to that's why Jesus we read there in Hebrews chapter 2 that he took on he didn't take upon him a form of a man. I mean I mean sorry a formative form of an angel. He took upon himself the form of a man like us. Amen. because he was going to demonstrate to Satan. He was going to be and he called himself son of man, son of the dust. Amen. And he said, "Now, I'm going to take these elements and I'm going to demonstrate to Satan that that I can that that a man can defeat Satan anytime, any place, anywhere by the word." Amen. Remember he didn't he when when Jesus was led into the wilderness and it's interesting you got to you got to remember Jesus comes down to the river Jordan he's baptized spirit of God descends upon him like a dove fullness of Godhead bodily and where does now remember he was a prisoner to the spirit in him just like we're to be prisoners to the spirit in us. Amen. Yep. So the spirit in him actually led him into the wilderness to be tempted. It didn't take him to a nice wonderful place. Amen. It took him into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil. Yeah. And sometimes we have a glorious time. Then where do we go? Oh, we find ourselves in the desert. Amen. We do. Why is this happening? Because we had a glorious time there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So now, but then you see he didn't use his great power against the devil. He quoted from the scripture. I mean, when he said, "Ma, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God," that's in Deuteronomy. He didn't just pick words out of the air, that was something that Moses said. Yeah. And he quoted the scripture. And by quoting the scripture, he defeated the devil. Amen. And that's what And he was doing that. And you probably heard this many times, but he did that to prove that that is what we can do. Amen. Because the same God, he was the fullness of God here bodily. And then he comes and dwells in us. So the same life that was in him is in us. Amen. Is it not the same? The same. He said, "It's not me that doeth the works, but the father that dwelleth in me, he doeth the works." Amen. And then you should be able to look at your life and how you live and and the things that come out of your mouth and what you do and you say, "It's not me that doeth the works." So it's not me that lives this life. It's the father that dwelleth in me. He lives the life. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And then so he was proving this because he was there 40 days and he was hungry. And then Satan Satan came at his lowest point. Yeah. Satan came at a low point. He says, "If you be, if you're re," and we'll bring it into our day's language. If you're really a believer, turn the circumstance around because it's written, "Whatsoever you ask, it shall be." Amen. But he said, he said, "You shall not tempt you." He said, "Get behind me, Satan." Amen. And he used the word and he defeated the word, quoted the word and defeated Satan. Amen. Amen. And if he can do it, doesn't matter what age we are, we have the right to do it. Because he is demonstrating this is how man gains victory over the devil. Amen. It's so simple, but yet if we could just grasp it a little bit, he gained victory over the devil by quoting his quoting the word back at him. And then Satan took some of the scripture and actually twisted it a little bit. Amen. He did. And then he quoted it back at him. And then Jesus quoted the word back at him. Amen. Yeah. Because they're showing this is how you get victory. Why did Why do you think God told Moses, "Why cry to me? Speak and move forward." Hallelujah. Speak the word and move forward. Amen. Remember, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's why it's important when things are going haywire. Don't go to here. Go to here. Go to here. Amen. Lord, what do you say? It doesn't matter if you can't even You don't remember. I'll put it this way. You don't have to quote this word for word verbatim. Amen. You say, "Lord, you said I'd have peace, not as the world gives. I Lord, I've got a different kind of peace than the world has." Well, that's not word for word, but it's what it says. Amen. You understand? You don't need to. Oh, what does it say? You say, Lord, this is your promise. Thank you, Lord. You'll never leave me nor forsake me. It doesn't matter if you don't know where. Said, Lord, you you said you'll be my shepherd. You're my shepherd, Lord. That means you'll guide me. You'll look after me. Amen. Amen. Then what have And then that I I tell you, you use that in faith and you'll defeat whatever's coming against you. Remember, because we do not wrestle against flesh and blood, but against demon powers in high places, spiritual wickedness in high places. Amen. So now, so he was doing that to show it doesn't say take some great mighty power. What we think of power is very different to really what God is was showing because that was God demonstrating his mighty power because whenever the enemy the enemy came against Moses and and used his temper at a weak spot. Yeah, because the people were rebelling. He was getting angry. Remember there was there was there was Moses the man. And there and when God came in, that was now God and Moses. But remember the enemy I mean, sorry. Well, the people were were were rebelling. Look, we're thirsty. We need water and we're hungry and all these things. And it worn them down, worn them down, worn them down. And then God told him, actually, just speak to the rock cuz he already smitten it and water will come out of it. But he takes the rod and he and he and he smites the rock again. He says, "You bunch of rebels, do do I have to bring water forth for you?" Amen. What happened? His temp. Remember, he was worn down to a place. He was at a weak spot and the devil used his temper against him and caused him not to go into the promised land. Amen. Remember that was under the blood of bulls and goats. We have a different sacrifice that we can do the same thing. But if we say, "Lord, pick us up. Try us one more time. Forgive us." Amen. Amen. Remember this is it's not based on Moses couldn't take them either way because Moses represented the law and it was grace that took him into the promised land. Amen. But you see, he his temper. So, so the devil hit Moses and he fell. Yeah. The devil came against David and he numbered the people. He did all kinds of things. See in the scriptures that that Satan tempted David and he numbered the people and for whatever reason that was a terrible thing to do. And God told them, "Do you want to have pestilence come through or do you want to have war or what? You know what?" And he said, "Lord, I I just fall into your hands. There's a great plague went through and killed thousands of them. because he numbered the people. But the enemy came against him and he fell. He was still king though. You understand? But then now that same enemy came against Jesus. And what did he do? He just quoted the word back at him. Amen. He didn't fall. Amen. And he did that to show because this is what he does. Now, forgive me for the saying, but now I just trust his sticks. I don't want to be sacriiggious, but it's like monkey see monkey do. Okay, I'm not trying to say it as a joke. So what he does is says, "Look, this is me. This is how I live. I'm demonstrating my life." And he says, "Now you do it." You understand? I don't know how better way to say it. But you understand? He demonstrated this is how a man should be. This is how a believer should be. And then his life goes into you. And then you look at that and say, "This is what I can be. This is what I've been made to be." Amen. So maybe if we have some musicians to come but you understand we may be it doesn't matter how many remember it says in it says in the old testament he says though a man would fall well basically says it's not him that falls it's him that gets back up. Amen. That is the overcomer because we're not going back to slavery. Amen. If you give up, you know, we're not called to give up. Remember, we're not sons of dust anymore. Amen. We are sons and daughters of God. And Jesus demonstrated in in in flesh, I can overcome all things. Yeah. And then he put his same life in you to show now you can overcome all things through me. Amen. That's why Paul said, "I can do all things through Christ Jesus that strengthens me." Amen. And and he wasn't making some idol boast. He's saying actually I can do all things through him. Amen. Remember he's Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So if he can do all things through Christ, we sure can. Amen. Amen. So what whatever we're called to fight against, you can overcome it. Amen. It's like I said last Wednesday, Brother Brand preached a sermon, time- tested memorials. Yep. And he used people time-tested. So they've been walking with God for a long time and yet they're still walking with God. Amen. He doesn't want fly by nights. He wants people who are rugged, day in day out believer. Amen. That's a time-t tested memorial. And that's what he wants on this day. And that's what he's going to have. That's why it's a great victory. It's like brother Donnie Reagan said. He said, he said, you know, yo, you know, some people say, "Well, God is not doing a lot for me." Well, we've just lived another few days in Satan's Eden. Amen. That's a victory. Remember, Adam and Eve fell in Eden, but there's going to be a bride that will stand in Satan's Eden. Amen. Satan's been crafting this world for 6,000 odd years. This is the best he can do. And yet we're here and we say, "We don't want it." The shiny stuff doesn't appeal. I don't want your shiny stuff. Amen. Amen. That's what he's done. Look at this. Look at this. Look at this. Is all the best things. He's like a salesman. Come buy this. It's so wonderful. Look at everything it can do. And there's just not there's nothing in me to buy it. Amen. I trust it's the same in you. When you look at Satan's shiny things, his trinkets of things, you say, "Well, actually, I don't want those things." My nature's been changed. And that's why we can just live life, go to work, go into the world, come back home rejoicing. Amen. Amen. Just overcoming all things because Jesus overcame all things. Amen. And and he's in you and I. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's just stand to our feet, shall we? Amen. Hallelujah. I feel like doing a dance or just doing a dance or something. I don't know. Amen. Let's um can we sing when uh uh we can go up and take the country. Amen. Possess the land from Jordan to the sea. Amen. We are able to go up and take the country. Hallelujah. Amen. You say, "Well, no. What I've said is not theory. It's not some nice idea. It's a reality." Amen. Amen. We have what? Remember, we have the goods. You don't need an upgrade. You don't need the next new model. This is the model. Amen. We have the goods. Amen. Let's just sing this. We are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to the sea. Though the giants may be there, I'll wait to hinder. God will surely give the victory. Sons of God, march forward in the power of the Savior's name. Sons of God, fast forward for Jesus is ever the same. Sons of God, march forward. We are more than conquerors in his name. Sons of God, march forward in the power of the Savior's name. We are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to the sea. Though the giants may be there, our way to him, God will surely give the victory. Sons of God, march forward. We are born in the Savior's way. Sons of God, march forward for Jesus is never the [Music] same for we. We are more than conference in his name. Times to come much more in the power of the Savior. We are able to go up and take the country to possess the land from Jordan to the sea. All the giants may be dare our way to hither. God will surely give the victory. Sons of God are forward to the power of the Savior s yet of God march forward. For Jesus is ever the same. Sun march forward. We are more than conquerors. Sons of God march forward in the power of the Savior's name. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Just march forward, friends. Amen. Let's just um let's just sing number 200. I know my redeemer lives. Amen. Have you judged him faithful? Amen. [Music] Amen. Who taught the son where to stand in the morning. Who told the ocean, "You can only come this far." And who showed the moon? Where's the high still leaving? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? I know my redeemer lives. [Music] My redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let his life within me. Cry, I know my redeemer. The very same God blessings in orbit. He runs to the weary, the wor. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer [Music] lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let the life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame. And he lives forever. I'll [Music] proclaim that the payment for my sin was a precious life he gave and now he's alive and there's an empty grave. Oh yes, Lord, I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify that this is life within me. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let the life within me cry, I know my [Music] redeemer he lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Ken, could you please come and close service in a word of prayer? [Music] Heavenly Father, mighty Lord, we just come before you this evening, Lord Jesus. Lord, we just want to give you thanks, Father Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you for the wonderful word that came through this evening, Lord Jesus. So simply, Lord Father, but so straight and directly to our hearts, Lord Father. Father Lord we can take this word and we can go out today Lord knowing that we learned something today Lord of you and how we have to conduct our lives as well Lord Jesus the word came so simply Lord Father it was directly it was before me father I'm thankful for that Lord Lord this evening as our saints are all gathered here we just want to bring each one of them before you Lord Father Lord Lord Father if there was no any prayer request that was unspoken Lord Father with a raised hand Lord Father you will go directly to them now Lord Amen. Amen. And you'll bless them, Father Lord. And you'll grant them their wishes, Lord. Father, and everything will come to pass in your name, Father. Father, for all our brothers and sisters that are not here this evening, Father Lord, we also want to lift them up once more. Amen. In your name, Father Lord. Our precious brother Andy that's away for a few weeks now, Lord Jesus. We miss them. Amen. We love that family, Lord. Keep them safe. The NO family that's in the South Island, Lord Jesus. Amen. And all our other brothers and sisters that normally come and join us, Lord, Father, our Capid family, Lord. Amen. Amen. Lord, Father, we just want to bring each one of us to you, Lord. Yes, Lord. Lord, Father, we just want to say we love you. Thank you once again for this evening, Lord. Thank you for our pastor and his precious family, Lord. Bless them, Lord, and use them. Continue to use them, Lord Jesus. Father, Lord, we just want to say we we love them with all our hearts, Lord. Lord, Father, just be with us as we go out this evening. Give us safe travel mercies as we go home. Also, we just want to bless our our musician team or our musical team, Lord. Father, amen. We're just so thankful to have them, Lord. Yes, dear God. Lord, Father, each one of us, Lord, you'll be with us as we leave this place, Lord. Amen. Lord, Father, we just want to say we love you once more in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I like those. Amen. Amen. Should we just sing one more? We go. Oh, yeah. We fixed the words on that day. Yeah, I think I hope so. Anyway, amen. [Music] The sweet influence of loose the bands of Orion. And thou bind the sweet influence of ladies. Oh, loose the bands of Marion. After 6,000 years, after temperature changes have come. Oh, God himself came down with healing in his wings to mark the man of the grave. And there shall be deliverance in Zion. And there shall be an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Let it flow by seven songs. All like the pillar say rejoice your deliverance has come. Yes. Now by the sweets of ladies or loose the veins of Orion as thou bind the sweet influence of loose the bands of the fire. Flesh and blood has not revealed these things to us, but the spirit of revelation. Seven daughter is come now upon the earth bringing redemption. to the earth. With one foot on the sea and one on the land, he held the seven stars in his right hand. He played the role of the great forces. He'll fight for his people in the strength. He holds the keys of death and hell in his hand. And thou bind the sweet influence of lady or loose the cover of bind the sweet influence of plain or loose the band of a thou bind the sweet influence of ladies or loose the bands of Orion. Can thou bind the sweet influence of lady? All loose the bands of Orion. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you, friends. Yours must in Jesus Christ. in the [Music] s of feeling. [Music] Secret. We all show you my creation my spirit. Heat. Heat. Jesus your [Music] graious wash away my sins [Music] This is true that I [Music] always every to raise the Lord. You are everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I might preious. Yes, I am all my sin. Amen. Amen. [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. [Music]
