################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2016-07-02 - 16 0629 Life And Death Is In The Power Of The Tongue - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2016-07-02
Title:   16 0629 Life And Death Is In The Power Of The Tongue
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr24VxqLqSc
========================================

to draw from you, Lord Jesus, to just to come and worship and praise your name, Lord. Lord, for worthy is the lamb who are slain, Lord Jesus. You came back and you introduced yourself to us, Lord Jesus. And every single one of us has a personal walk with you, Lord. And how personal you are to us, Lord Jesus. That you reveal yourself in times of need, Lord. And in times of trouble, and in times of joy and sorrows, Lord Jesus. How you just come and follow hearts every time. Every time we're on our knees, Lord, think we can't go further, Lord. We don't know what to do, yet you are there with us, Lord. Lord, thank you that you pick us up and you heal us, Lord. You wipe away our tears, Lord Jesus. That you send a prophet in this end time, Lord, to help us, to guide us the way, to show us back to your word, Lord. So we know we're just not stumbling in darkness, Lord, but that we're walking with a living God. Oh Lord, we love you so much. Lord, we just pray for every brother and sister that's not here tonight. We also pray that you will be with them. Lord, may your presence just fill their room, Lord Jesus. Be with them like you are with us tonight, Lord. For you said where two or more are gathered in your name, Lord. We gather in your name, Lord. For we have taken your name. And we just stand for truth, Lord, and stand for you. We want to be the light in this final age, Lord. And just, Lord, proclaim Jesus Christ to the world. Lord, we love you and we just ask to be with us tonight, Lord. anointed speaker and hearer, Lord. And may we just find peace, rest, joy, Lord, and anything we need, Lord, may we draw it from you. We pray this in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Good evening. What a week. What a week. Wow. Um yeah, God is good. He's good to all of us. And uh doesn't matter what we do, he's always good. He's always there. And uh yeah, so so I've been praying this week and ask that the Lord would just uh really be here tonight and just be with us and and may these songs please him and be pleasing to him and may all of us just just come and enjoy and have peace here with him. Um I just feel on my heart I don't know we'll we'll sing the song and then hope maybe give a testimony time if you if somebody feels for a testimony. It doesn't have to be, but I just kind of feel in my heart. If somebody wants to share something tonight, please do do feel free. Well, let's just open open up with uh uh these are the days of Elijah. Oh, these are the days of Elijah, declaring the word of the Lord. And these are the days of the seventh angel righteousness being restored. And though these are days of great trials of famine and darkness and sore. So we are the voice in the desert crying prepare the way of the Lord. Behold, he comes riding on the cloud, shining like the sun at the trumpet call. Lift your voice is a hero of Jubilee and out of Zion's hill, salvation comes. These are the days of Ezekiel. Troules become in this place. And these are the days of your servant Elijah rebrolled in the temple of grace. And these are the days of the others. The fields are as wide in the world. Yet we are the laborers in your declare in the word of the Lord. He only comes riding on the cloud shining like a voice is a hero Jubilee and out of sal. Behold he comes riding on the clouds shining like the sun and the trumpet call. Hallelujah. your voice as the heroes to believe. We're out of time until salah. [Music] There's no one like Jehovah. There's no one like Jehovah. There's no one like Jehovah. There's no one like Jehovah. There's no one like Jehovah. There's no one like your holy God riding on the cloud shining like the sun at the trumpet. Lift your voice as her jubilee out of Zion till salvation comes. Behold he comes. He's riding on the clouds, shining like the sun. At the trumpet call, lift your voice. It's the year of jubilee. For out of his sal. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know if there's somebody that wants to share a testimony. If there's not, we just can go on. is good all the time. Um me and the girls they haven't been South Korea for end of this year going to be 14 and 15 years. I really want to go and you know I pray about it and on Sunday pastor Ben pray about this one as well and yesterday all the sisters pray about this one for that and last last Thursday I went to fly center and then I have to prepare for nine grand for actually tomorrow but God is so good he provide fly fair so I just believe that God is a awesome God and God is tremendous. Amen. Our family I really want to tell my family over there. Amen. My friends, my relative if it is it is God's willing he will open the door for us. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you. [Applause] Amen. I just want to share a testimony and also prayer request. Um I told you all about my friend Anna um a couple of months ago who I told her she had cancer in her jaw. She she's a friend of mine from place to her. Rebecca's the same age as her daughter. She just got the one daughter and um she she had cancer in her jaw and she went through chemotherapy and things and I um hadn't been in touch with her just in the last month probably and I just was driving into the library tonight to just drop some books in and then she just walked right past my just as I was running into the slot and I just I know that it was the Lord's timing because I just said to her, "How are you?" And she said, "Oh, I just actually saw the oncologist today and he said, "I've only got months to live now." And so I know that in the natural it seems like, "Wow." But I also know that God had a reason. I mean, seeing you there today and we have the answers and I know Hebrews 13:8 is the same. And so I really believe that that was there for a reason. So I just really want to just ask if everyone can just pray with me that I'll have the right thing and you know like that I'll be able to she she the reason she was at the library was that she wanted to um find books on divine healing and because she said she just knows that that's her only hope now is God so she said she just needs to needs faith and so she she wants that so she's she's getting quite desperate now because she said she I've only given her months so you can pray for me and also pray for her name is Anna Amen I knew it. I just knew it. I just really feel on my heart I have to share this. I not a person who likes to come and share testimonies because yeah, I don't know. Anyway, the Lord has been so good to me and I've just been so blessed with what he's doing here in the fellowship and something's just saying to my heart that he's just his wind is really blowing again. Yeah. And I was just thinking I you know about we were talking about witnessing and things and the last couple of days I've just been so bursting and everyone I'm seeing like people friends that are not believers at all like in town and today I just felt led to go somewhere where I wasn't planning to go and there was a lady there and suddenly say oh you meant to be talking to her. I just was talking to her and it I didn't feel like I was witnessing because I'm just saying God is so real. Every time we step into church his presence is there and I'm just bursting with what he's doing for us. I never thought I was witnessing and I come home. I'm just I'll just tell Ben about he said that's being a real witness. I'm like am I witnessing and it's just because it's so bursting out of us what the Lord is doing. We don't need to try and be a witness. We don't need to try and be this. We just let him live and he's just bursting just how good he is to us. And I'm just so thankful and so blessed with what he's doing. And I just believe that it's just going to get greater and greater and so thankful to be a part of it. Amen. Amen. Anybody else? Praise the Lord. Amen. I had a we had a brother over, brother Chris came to visit us and he and he shared a bit where he says that the bride is the mercy seat today and and that sometimes we we try to pull ourselves out of the world because the world's so broken and so dark. And so he says, but we're the only light that's there. You know, without this there's no light. And so it gave me new courage to just walk into the light, you know, and be the light. And it's not not us. It's the Lord shining through us. But if nobody's prepared to go, who's going to go? Amen. You know, and the Lord will get his word out there even if he uses stones. He will get his word out there. So, I'm glad that we alive in this day. Amen. Where we can be that light and and the Lord can use us. And uh yeah, just praise his name. He's wonderful. Yes. Amen. Amen. He knows everything. Amen. He knows everything. Um this is a special that we did a long time ago for me and brother. I don't know if you know it, but I really would love to sing it with you guys tonight. So, see how it goes. Huh? It's beautiful song. [Music] He counts the stars one and all. He knows how much sand is on the shores. Sees every sparrow that falls. Amen. He made the mountains and the seas. He is in control of everything. All creatures great and small. He knows my name, every step that I take. Every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name when I'm overwhelmed by the pain. Come see the light of day. I know I'll just be fine. He knows my name. He knows my name. [Music] I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Can't tell you what's in store. Don't know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life, but I know in whom I en knows my name, every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, God can't see the light of day. Oh, I know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. He knows your name, saints. Amen. Knows everything that's going on in your life. Hallelujah. He is the almighty God. Sing the chorus one more time. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, he knows it. Every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. And I know I'll be just fine. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When by the pain and I see the light of day, and I know I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] [Music] As the near fall, my soul longs out to you. You are on my heart desire and I love to worship you. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone and my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and my love to worship you. [Music] You're my friend and you are my brother. Even though you are my king, I love you more than any other so much more than anything. You alone are my strength and my shield. To you alone may my spirit. [Music] You alone are my heart desire and I call to worship you. I love you more than gold or silver. Only you can save this fire. You alone are the real joy giver in the air for all my eyes. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you my spirit. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you and I long to worship you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver. Purify my heart. Let me be as gold. Pure gold refiner's fire. [Music] My heart's one desire is to be only set aart for you. Lord, I choose to be only set aart for you my master, ready to do your will. Purify my heart. Cleanse me from within and make me holy. Purify my heart. Save me from all sin, Lord. Deep within reigners fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. Set aart for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Lord, I'm ready to know your will. Hallelujah. [Music] Worthy is the lamb who was slain. Holy, holy is he. I sing a new song to him who sits on heaven's mercy seat. [Music] How holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. I will adore you. Lord, I will adore you. Lord Jesus, clothed in rainbows of living colors, flashes of lightning, rose of thunder. [Music] Bless and death. Glory and power be to you the only wise king. [Music] Holy, holy, holy as the Lord God Almighty, who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation, I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. I will adore you. [Music] You're filled with wonder, [Music] aruck wonder at the mention of your name. [Music] Jesus, your name is power, breath of living water. Such a marvelous reality. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything. I will adore you. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is to come with creation. I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come. [Music] With all creation I sing praise to the King of Kings. You are my everything and I will adore you. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Holy, holy, holy is the Lord God Almighty. Amen. Glory to your name. Let's just pray, shall we? Father, truly, holy, holy, holy you are, oh Lord. Amen. We praise your mighty name that you're the supreme one. Amen. There's no one in heaven and earth or under the earth that is that, Lord, that can match you. Amen. Lord, you're the matchless one. You're mighty in battle, Lord. You conquered hell, death, and the grave. Father, we want to praise your mighty name tonight. Lord, we can Lord, we may be few in number, but Lord, you're here. That's the main thing, Lord. You said where two or three gathered in my name, there I am in the midst. And Father, we come with expectation in our hearts, Lord, that you'll come and speak to us one more time, Father. And Lord, it'll be more than excitement, but there'll be a permanent change in our walk with you, Father. May you grant that for your glory. I pray, Lord, be those who couldn't be here tonight. Be their portion. Father, be their strength. be their shield, oh God. Be their all and all. I pray. And Father, we just want to lift Anna into your presence by prayer. Father, the doctors have turned her down, but Lord, you never turn anyone down. Father, you're the great physician. Lord, we just lift her up, oh God. Father, we pray you'd go her way, Lord Jesus. Lord, this is her time. Father, I pray that you you'd go and speak to her, Lord Jesus. You're a supernatural God. Lord, she's going from church to church, place to place, trying to find the answer. And Lord, we have you. We have the answer. Amen. Lord, may she come to the fountain and drink. I pray. And Father, may Lord, we know by your stripes, Anna was healed. Lord, I pray faith would raise in her heart just to rest in that reality that by your stripes, Lord, she's healed. Lord, I just pray you' just drive that cancer devil out of her in the name of Jesus Christ, Father, and restore her. I pray. And Father, not just her body, but her soul as well, dear God. May you grant it for your glory, Lord. We commit her into your hands and Lord we love you Lord with everything that's in us Lord you're worthy and wonderful to us Lord Father may you just be glorified now Lord anoint speaker and hear one more time and Father if you want to rapture us now Lord we would love that Lord Jesus father we're looking for your Lord a change in these bodies we thank you in Jesus Christ's name amen amen thank you musicians thank you brother Arand amen praise the Lord amen if you got your Bibles handy I'd like to go to Proverbs chapter 18. And I know I said it last Wednesday, but I'll say it again. The Sunday morning musicians, they're on notice. Amen. No, it's wonderful to see gifts develop. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank the Lord for answered prayer, too. Praise the Lord. Amen. Proverbs 18 and we're going to read verse 21 and then we're going to go to 2 Corinthians chapter 11. I believe it is. I'll make sure that when we No, sorry. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. Now, I want to kind of continue on from Sunday. It's a very important if you can if you can grasp this, I believe it'll change a lot of things. Amen. It's very simple though, but God is simple. Now it says death and life. This is Proverbs 18:21. Death and life are in the power of the tongue. They that love it shall eat the fruit thereof. We'll go to 2 Corinthians chapter 4. Amen. Death and life is in the power of the tongue. 2 Corinthians chapter 4. And let's read from verse eight. Says, "We are troubled on every side yet not distressed. We are perplexed but not in despair, persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed, always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. For we which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus may be made manifest in our mortal flesh. Amen. Amen. Now, I want let's just read that verse one more time, but instead of we say I, and instead of say my. Okay? For I wait, this probably not correct. Anyway, for I I I that live is always delivered uh unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be manifested in my mortal flesh. You got to make it personal now. Amen. Having so then death workketh in us, but life in you. We have the same spirit of faith according as is written, I believed, and therefore I have spoken. Amen. We also believe and therefore speak knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise us up also by Jesus and shall present us with you. Amen. For all things are for your sakes that the abundant grace might be uh might through the f thanksgiving of many rebound to the glory of God. Amen. For which cause we faint not. For though an outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. Amen. For our light affliction, which is for but a moment workketh for us, a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. While we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen, for the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal. Amen. May Lord bless his word. You may be seated. Now, it's incredible. We you know I just want to talk about life and death is in the power of the tongue and we see that there's a through the ages God is God has been revealing himself and he's been making himself known in such a way that he but he but he wants you he wants the believer to respond to him. Amen. Amen. It's it's it's not just to sit and and maybe hear, you know, you can go on the internet and you can hear incredible sermons and you know, you can hear incredible ministry and, you know, we're so blessed. We can we can sit there and we can listen to the message of the hour and we can see God display himself like he never has and you know, we can come to church and have a wonderful time in church, but we understand it it doesn't just stop there. Amen. But there's a responsibility that we have to speak the word. Amen. There's a there cuz there has to be a response because as the word goes to you, it it creates a faith in your heart, but then you've got to speak it out. Amen. It's not for someone else. Maybe if you need prayer, it's good to get prayed for, but you need to talk. Amen. Amen. You need to speak. You need to address your enemy yourself as well. Amen. We're all brothers and sisters in the same battle, but really at the end of the day, it's you that has to go toe-to-toe with the enemy. It's you that has to look him square in the face and say, "Devil, you're a bluff. You were stripped at Calvary. You're as defeated now as you were back then. And you've got to call his hand. Amen. You've got to call his hand cuz we we got to recognize our enemy is defeated. He doesn't have a weapon. When he went riding forth in the first age, he had a bow and no arrows. What good is a bow with any arrows? You know, you need arrows unless it's just something like it's just basically a stick. Amen. Not even a very strong stick. That's all he had. He was a bluff. Amen. And he's still the same bluff today. Amen. But so we have to recognize him as a bluff and stand on the word that's been given to us and we have to speak to him. Amen. Amen. Now I'm just I'm just going to read verse 17 again because if we could just understand for our light affliction which is but for a moment workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. We just recognize the little things you know you know the things we go through in life. They are but just a light affliction. When you really keep everything, you got to keep everything in in in perspective. Soon and very soon, we're going to see the king. Soon and very soon, our enemy and everything we've been wrestling against is going to be reduced to not even ashes. It's going to be destroyed. And soon and very soon, it's not even going to be a memory. Amen. Amen. You'd always keep that before you. Amen. Remember, we look to the unseen things. That's right. Because the seen things are temporal. That's right. Amen. They're not eternal things. We must look to the eternal things. Amen. So, it's just but everything we go through in life. And Paul knew what he was talking about. He had been shipwrecked. He had been beaten. He had been thrown in prison. You know, he had been robbed. He had been he had been hungry. He had been cold. He had suffered many things. But he just puts it down. It's just a light affliction. Amen. He had he had been through some hardship in his life. But when he was weighing it all up with the eternal things and the temporal things, it's just it's just but a light affliction. Amen. Now God God through the ages we must understand God does not call he does not call the qualified. He does not call the ones that man thinks he should call. Amen. You think of the, you know, you think, you know, man's idea of if if if if we were picking the 120 in the upper room and if we were picking the man that would have the keys to the kingdom, you know, man would man would have a school and they would they would they would have a lot of classes and then they'd have some exams and not only would they have some exams, but because Christianity is a moral thing, they would look at his life and they'd look at his parents' life and his grandparents' life and they would look at the tribe he came from and, you know, they would they would look at what he looked like And you know they would you know just how man judges someone by the outward appearance and how smart they are and you know that's how that's how Peter would have been picked if if if man had an idea you hey are you following me? You know but God doesn't God doesn't call people that way. God does not use those kind of people necessarily. He calls people that will believe him. Amen. And he doesn't, you know, the high priest, the priests and the scribes and Pharisees, they had to live a spotless life. If they did not, they would have been stoned without mercy. Yeah. God didn't call any of those people. You understand? God didn't use any of them. He bypassed all of those schools and all that understanding and all those, you know, devout people and he bypassed all of them and he took fishermanmen and he took the woman at the well and he took a tax collector and he took prostitutes and he took drunkards. He took demon-possessed people and they were the ones that he called. That's right. Hallelujah. So, I just I just want to can I just kick that to touch for a little bit? Amen. It doesn't matter what we think we are. That's irrelevant. If there's faith, if something has caused you to believe this word, Amen. You just got to recognize God's called you. Amen. Amen. God's God's made you worthy. Amen. Hallelujah. God has chosen you. You know, we never sit we don't have a have to sit a single exam to go to heaven. That's right. Amen. There's nothing weak. All we can do is believe his word. And then when faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God, then that faith transformed us transforms us into what we're meant to be. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, God God down through from from from from Abel from Abel all the way down through he's have had a living witness upon the earth and he's manifested himself in that living witness. Yep. So God was in Abel. Amen. And he was he was he was living out something in Abel. God came and spoke to Noah and Noah was a living witness to that generation. And before that, Enoch was a living witness to that generation. And then there was Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and all the prophets, and Moses, and all the different ones, King David, and all the way down, God had a living witness because his word must be, you know, it says here, it says, "For we which live all way delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh." So there, all the prophets down through, God would step into them, and he would live himself out. So the life of God was manifested in their flesh. Amen. You say that's very elementary. Well, it is. But we, you know, and then and then we come to the New Testament and there was John the Baptist and God was reflecting himself through John the Baptist and then the fullness of the Godhead bodily came into you know you know was in Christ and then so that so now the life of God all that God was was poured into one man. Amen. But then but then that one man who was a god man he be to gather you know the very creator of heavens and earth stepped into a body you know that was god and flesh the word became flesh and he begin to gather his disciples and the purpose of him gathering his disciples is Jesus knew he'd only lived to what about 33. Amen. He knew his ministry his earthly ministry in that way was going to change from from from the redeemer. Now he's going to go empty himself into his church and the work was going to manifest on. So that when when the disciples were being called, Amen. When the disciple I you know I trust I trust you're following me. When the disciples were being called, God was calling vessels to dwell in. Amen. God was d gathering people that he was going to dwell in and live his life out of them. And then we have the day of Pentecost where the pillar of fire came in and separated itself out into 120 people. where once it was just in one, now it's in 120. And then there's a man standing, a redeemed man. And he has the keys to the kingdom. He has the ability to to because the key opens the door. We understand. So Peter was given the keys to open the door so people could come into the kingdom of God. He's a redeemed man with that kind of responsibility. And he began to stand up on the day of Pentecost. And it wasn't him speaking. It was now that same Jesus whom they whom they crucified was now in a person. Amen. In 120 people and that same Jesus was now speaking, amen, out of Peter. And then as he was preaching, they said, "What must we do to be saved?" He says, "Repent and be baptized name of Jesus Christ, every one of you, for remission of sin, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." And this promises to you and to your children, those that are far off, as many as our Lord God shall call. So the promise was that if you did this, God would first you have to be pricked in the heart where but if you did this instruction then the same God that was there in Jesus as now in the apostles would come and dwell in you. Amen. Hallelujah. And then now then now the people the people that God would come and dwell in, they begin to be a living witness to the age that they're alive in. Amen. Where it's not them doing the works anymore, but it's but it's the father. It's God that dwells in him. He does the works. He lives the life. Amen. Amen. And so that's why so every generation has been this way that God God through the church ages, even through the church ages, through the dark ages, through the reformation, it's been God in measure has been poured out. But then in the last days now, the fullness of God again, the son of man was revealed. And now all that God is, you know, you know, brother makes a statement. All that God was, he poured himself into Christ. And then all Christ is, he poured himself into the church. Amen. See everything God is now was poured into the church. That's you. Amen. Are you following me? I trust I trust you know you recognize and maybe if you I trust this does not sound redundant, but you got to recognize God dwells in me. Amen. that you and however you live and however you do things, the life of Jesus is manifested in your mortal flesh. Amen. You got to recognize this that I'm not just a church person. I'm not just a religious person. I'm not just trying to, you know, live this kind of life. But when when you meet him, then the life of God is manifested in your mortal flesh. Amen. It said, yeah, it says in John, I can't remember where the scriptures off top of my head, but it says that it says that everyone, the spirit of antichrist will will never recognize that Christ has come in flesh, not has come because all the relig all the Christian denominations of the world say Jesus was born and died and that was him in flesh. Absolutely. But when it comes to has he is he presently come in in flesh, that's a whole different thing. You understand? And so you've got to recognize now, remember, God's God God needs hands. God needs feet. God needs voices. God needs bodies. And he and and he's picked you just like he picked Peter, James, and John that were illiterate fishermen. Just like the woman at the well, just like all those down and out people that you would never think would qualify to be one of the redeemed. You know, God is remember Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. You recognize that? So, if God doesn't change, then the people he uses doesn't change. You understand? David was a was a shepherd boy. He became the king. Amen. Moses was a runaway, you know, prophet on the back side of the desert. You know, all these kind of people, you think they either were not qualified or they disqualified themselves because Moses tried, but he failed. And you think, well, that'd be it. But God didn't change his mind about Moses. He just had to get Moses out of Moses. Then he could use him. Just like us many times, he's got to get you out of yourself and then he can step in and shake the world with you. Amen. Hallelujah. And so God God picks those kind of people. Amen. And if he did it in the beginning of the church, he's going to do it at the end. And he has. I'm so glad I'm in that number. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we got to recognize that there has to be a living witness upon the earth. Amen. There has to be a living witness in every generation. There's a living witness because the life of God has to be manifested in a people. And it's the same thing the word. That's why we can't just leave the preaching on on on the tapes. That same word, that same anointing has to come into a ministry and be preached out. And that same word, that same anointing has to come into a people and be lived out. Amen. Amen. And so life and death is in the power of the tongue. Now it says here that we believe, therefore we speak. We can find that. Yes. Having the same spirit of faith according is written. I believed and therefore I I have spoken. We believe and therefore we speak. Therefore, speak. So, there's an action. There's an action that goes Abraham. You can go from Abraham, and I'm probably, forgive me if I'm trying to condense, or I'm just trying to get you to catch something here. Abraham believed God, and it was counted to him for righteousness, did he not? So, God said, "I'm going to make your seed as the sand of the sea and the stars in the sky." And and and he believed them. So, there was a response from Abraham that went back to God. Amen. Amen. And God said to Abraham, "I have made you, father of nations." Not, "I will make you. I have made you." Amen. Amen. Amen. I have made you. That's a big difference. And we are the children of Abraham according to the faith. Amen. So, it's actually in reality and and well, if this is too strong, it's just it is what it is. It's not I will make you the bride of Christ. I have made you the bride of Christ. Amen. You've just got to step into what God has made you. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why the scripture would tell us when we would go to Isaiah and let's go to Isaiah chapter um I think 57. Forgive me. I just wanted because Yeah. No, Isaiah 54 verse 17 cuz we're in a battle friends. We've been fighting some things as well. But I just trust this this this anchors down a little bit on this left hand side. He says this, "No weapon," Amen. Amen. This is thus sayith the word of God. "No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper." Amen. "And every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn." This is the heritage of the servants of the Lord, and their righteousness is of me, saith the Lord. Amen. So no weapon, repeat after me, no weapon formed against me shall prosper, and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment, thou shalt condemn. Amen. So there's life and death in your tongue. Amen. Do you agree with the accuser or do you deny the accuser? Amen. It's like this, you know, brother's there and and you hear it in brother Biscll's testimony. It's you it's also on tape up in Dorson Creek. They're at the end of a service and they're singing. I think I love him. I love him. And brother Bram, you you hear him on tape and apparently he just he just cries out, you won't commit suicide. Told your boy that's the devil talking to you. deny him and go home and you'll be a real gentleman. I meant you'll be a real husband or whatever, you know. But he just said deny him. Yeah. Now, I don't believe he denied him at that point because a few days later when they're traveling up to go hunting, uh, you know, a guy has that same soldier boy and they meet in the middle of nowhere in this little town and brother Barham, the Lord reveals what that soldier boy had been doing and he was delivered. Amen. But I believe if the soldier boy denied the enemy in that atmosphere, Amen. Amen. Then then he would have been delivered. You see, life and death is in the power of the tongue. You understand? God was God was giving an invitation to that soldier boy, but now he had to respond. Amen. And many times we may not feel it on the inside, but when you begin to speak it, then God comes and meets what you're saying and faith rises and then you're delivered. Hallelujah. Amen. That's right. Oh, I've got to feel full of faith. No, just just you have a mustard seed of faith. Doesn't matter what you feel, just speak it across the lips. Amen. If God is calling you to do a certain thing, just like just deny him, soldier boy, just deny him. If he did, I believe he would have been free. Amen. So, it's simple. Do you agree with the Do you agree with the accuser or do you do you condemn him? Amen. Remember, life and death is in the power of the tongue. When he comes along, says, "You're not good enough. You're not a witness. You think you're the bride. You think you'll go in the rapture." Do you agree and say, "Well, you know, I don't think I'm very good and this is what's happening." Don't agree with him. Condemn him. Amen. Because that is a weapon. That is part of the weapons that are formed against thee. And you got to remember when the enemy because the enemy I was thinking about this and you know this life against the devil it's like a big game of whack-a-ole. That's the only way I can think of it. Sorry, I'm not meaning a joke. But he rises up, you take the word, you smash him in the head. Then he rises up, you take the word, you smash him in the head. He rises up, you take the word, you smash him in the head. Amen. Now remember, we can't just give up. It's either walk with the Lord or you might as well say, "Chain me up as a slave, Satan." There's no middle ground. Amen. You're either walking free or you'll going back into captivity. What are you going to yield to? I say there's no turning back. Amen. Oh, the devil's on my case. Of course, he'd be on your case. He's terrified. I remember he's a bluff. He just, you know, you know, you know, he just, you know, he studies you and he studies you and he's waiting and he's looking and then finally he's got that punch and then and he he may he he may try in all different ways cuz he's studying you. But then when you say, "I'm just tired. I just can't do this anymore." Then he's got you. That's right. You understand? He tries to weigh you down. How do you get unworn down? Pray. Maybe you just need a good night's sleep, but prayer is a good thing. Not out of this top two inches, but out of here. Amen. Amen. And then find God come upon the scene and whatever you've been battling against, it won't seem so big anymore. That's right. You with me? Amen. He's like a greasy I I don't know the words, but you know, that's what he does. He He raises his head. and he raises his head. You know, I heard Donny Reagan say this today and I think it was quite true. You think the devil, he believes this Bible? He fights it with all that are within him. He reads the end of the book where he is going to be cast into a lake of fire. Do you think he's discouraged? He doesn't. He's not discouraged. He fights. He comes to every service. He's there at every prayer meeting. He's there where you are contending with you and he gets driven out. He gets stomped on. He gets he gets pulled through the shredder. He gets beaten. He gets kicked out all all which way. But he's there again. He's the first one back in line. He is He is a little human. He would be the most person there is. But he always think this going to work out. We got to look the other way around. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. Discouragement He tries to split your family up. He tries to take your children away. He tries to make you poor. He tries to take your house. Whatever he may try to do, no weapon, amen, that is formed against you shall prosper. You got to remember that. Hallelujah. Amen. But life and death is in the power of the tongue. You know Jesus would have a meeting with his disciples and he was looking for a response from them. And he said, he said, "Who do men say that I am?" And they said, "Well, you're, you know, they say you're Jeremiah or Elijah or one of the prophets." But he he began to ask them, "But who do you say I am?" Amen. Who do you say I am? And who's looking to see if they had, you know, he was looking to see what they had caught, you know, what they had seen. They had seen miracles. They had seen people raised from the dead. They had seen the bread and the loaves being multiplied, you know, the bread and the fishes. They had seen incredible things but he was he was looking but who do you say I am? And the same question remember Peter said thou art the Christ the son of the living God. And Jesus said blessed art thou Simon by Jonah for flesh and blood has not revealed this to you but my father which is in heaven and upon this rock I'll build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. Amen. So the revelation of who he is is the rock that we're built upon. Amen. And the same question is posed to you. Who do you say this is? Amen. Remember the spirit of God has to be manifested in your mortal flesh. Amen. Who do you say this is? Now, I'm just not talking about, you know, the message. Well, you I'll pose that question. Who do you say brother Brandham is? Is it a healing ministry? Is it just a kind of amazing kind of ministry? Or is it Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? Is it is it God himself speaking through that man? Amen. And then now when you meet the Lord, you or you know, I'm just going to throw it purely on you. When you meet God and you see him begin to do things, you should ask the question, who do you say? Who do you believe it is? Is it your own ability? Is it your own humanity? Or is it God? Amen. Because if you can, you know, if it if it sinks down into your soul, that that that the one that's keeping you is not yourself. The one that's keeping you on this walk is not your own ambition or what you try and set out to do, but it's God himself keeping you on the way. You say, "It Lord, it's you doing this. It's not me that doeth the works as my father dwelleth in me." That's what Jesus said. And we can say the same thing cuz that same God was in him is now on the bride. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're a living. The bride is a living witness in this end time. Amen. And I can trust you can say, "I'm in that number." Amen. I'm one of them. Hallelujah. Now, life and death is in the power of the tongue. I know I keep repeating that, but I want you to understand. Now, when when brother Brandham spoke about the third pull, does anyone know what the third pull is? No. Does anyone know what the third pole is? Yeah. If not, does anyone not know? You you not sure? Huh? Okay. Okay. So, the third pull. Now, Jesus had three phases of his ministry and so did brother Brandham and they called pulls. It's what the angel related to him. The first one was was so in brother Bram's case it was taking people by the hand and when he did he could there was various lumps and things formed on his hand and he knew what the diseases were in the people and he could pray for them and they were healed and that attracted thousands and tens of thousands of people. Then the next phase of the ministry was after that the angel told him that if you're sincere that they'll come to a place you'll know the very secrets of the people's hearts. So it moved from just taking them by the hand that when now the angel of the Lord would be there and then he'd see visions and know everything about the person standing in front of him or people out in the audience that were praying and then now but the third phase of the ministry was now this word opening up which is the opening of the seals. Amen. Yeah. Which is the opening of this. Now the but the third pull is more than just understanding doctrine but it's what it is. It's the creative power of God coming into a people. Okay, this is part remember it's the opening of the word. It's a few things, but it's the opening of the word, but it's also I well, this is just my terminology, the creative power of God coming into a people because you can see it in brother Bram's life. There were five instances when the where the third pull was manifested. One was they were fishing and a fish little fish bit onto a two bigger hook and and one of the brothers with him pulled the hook out and it pulled all the inards out of the fish and then the brother said well you shot your last one little fishy and threw him out on the water and then about a half an hour later the spirit of God came down brother stood up and he says little fishy I give you back your life in the name of Jesus Christ the guts went into the fish and it jumped out and it swam away totally alive. Then the and then there was another instance where the where there's a tumor the size of a grapefruit. Well, it it got that big. It it it went into, you know, in his wife. Yeah. And it got as big as a grapefruit. And then he was praying and they've been praying for a while about it. And he was praying and then the spirit of God came upon him and says, "Ask what you will." And he says, "When the surgeon goes to operate, may it disappear." And that's exactly what happened. And then he was in the storm in Colorado and and and the blizzard came down and they all started to go back to camp. But then brother Brown was going back to camp and he heard a voice speak to him out of the storm saying, "I'm the God of creation, you know, will you walk with me?" And then he and he actually turned around and went back up into the storm. And then God asked him and and he couldn't see because it's just a blizzard. And then he was asked and then God said, "What what do you need?" He says, "Well, I mean, you speak and it shall be." He says, "I want to admit, you know, I want the storm to go away. Four days, I think it was of of of blue sky cuz we're going to finish our hunt." And it happened exactly that way. Yeah. So, the So, the full-on blizzard and it just went away. A perfect blue sky. And then the next one was had he right now, they were No, I should probably backtrack. He's hunting and he's hunting squirrels and he's hunting in a place where squirrels because squirrels only go to certain trees and he's in this place and in this and in that and then God spoke to him and says what do you need? Says well I'm hunting some squirrels. Well, how many do you want? He says I don't know four or five I can't remember the number. And then so he says and then and then he and then brother says let let a squirrel appear here and go over here on this branch. And he shot it and he's shocked cuz there wasn't a squirrel there before. And then he keeps saying about other ones to appear. And he said, "Let one appear in a tree that they never in. Come down this branch, go here, here, stop here, and I'll shoot it." Happened exactly that way. And then now, Brother Baron's relating this back in a back in a farm of a very poor family. Remember, God God doesn't come to the wealthy and the famous necessarily. He comes to the poor. The gospel preached to the poor. And and this is the right family. And he's relating when he shot the squirrels. And she's sitting there. Remember, life and death is in the power of the tongue. She's sitting there. She's got a crippled sister in a wheelchair. Amen. She's got old old uh mom and dad sitting there. And she's got two sons who are teenagers who are not really interested in the Lord at all. And so he's relating this and she just says there's nothing but that's nothing but the truth, brother Brandham, about the squirrels being created. Then now that same power came down and brother Bram said to her, "Ask what you will and if it doesn't happen, you can call me a false prophet. Do you want a million dollars? It'll fall on your lap. Do you want your sister to come out of the wheelchair? She'll come out of the wheelchair. Ask what you will." And she said, "I want the salvation of my two boys." Hallelujah. And and the Lord says, you know, and then brother says, "I give them to you name Lord Jesus Christ." and and and they were laughing and playing and they fell on their mother's lap crying and they gave themselves to the Lord and they're Christians ever since. Yeah, I think that's five. I'm not sure. Okay. So, that is the five manifestations of the third Paul. You understand? So, now brother Bram says now he says he says what is manifested kind of temporarily will come into its full manifestation when the squeeze comes on. Yeah. But but I Yeah. I think I've now the squeeze is is is when the pressure comes on. Yeah. So we are living in a squeeze now. Remember it'll be a it'll be ecumenical a religious pressure against us. But this whole world, you know, we can't we already I can't just go pray for people in the hospital. I can't go into prisons just free and and go preach. There's already restrictions. Yeah, you brother Greg in Christ Church, he got kicked out of the of the prisons because um of course he was preaching the truth and the and the um and the I can't think of the name. The chaplain in the prisons of course were denominational people and then and then he got kicked out. He wasn't allowed to go minister there anymore. What's happening? Because a squeeze is happening. You understand? So there is already a squeeze. Yeah. Are you following me? So he said now when the squeeze comes on the power of the third pull will be manifested in its fullness. Yeah. Life and death is in the power of the tongue. You understand? So that power why you know God I think I've said this before but I just trust you know God does things in seasons. Yeah. You can't go against God's season. But there's been many years where things haven't been happening all that great among believers. But now we're living in a different season where God is pouring himself out like really like never before. Yeah. And he's doing this because as the enemy remember I read on Sunday when the enemy comes in like a flood, the Lord raises a standard against the enemy coming in like a flood. Now, if the enemy is a supernatural, remember, we do not wrestle against flesh and blood. Remember, every enemy you fight is not a flesh and blood affair. It's not the person, it's the spirit using the person. Amen. So, that's why you can you can hate the spirit on them, but you but you got to love the person. Amen. Because everyone is right in their own eyes. They think they're doing right. Yeah. So now if the enemy is a supernatural enemy and when he gets greater and greater well what is the standard that God is going to raise it's not going to be fundamental doctrine this you know it's going to be an it's going to be an anointing upon the people amen because that is going to be the standard is remember that the life of Jesus might be manifested in your mortal flesh. Amen. So it doesn't it's not just well maybe the minister can do it but it's but you know we know there's there's there's the anointing on the ministry but it's also the individual has to be anointed. Amen. Remember this is not a this is not a here's the Holy Ghost here and then everyone else doesn't have it. No the true church everyone everyone is sealed into the kingdom. Everyone knows the dynamic power of the spirit of God. Amen. So now when the enemy comes in like a flood God raises a standard. And so as the enemy is getting worse and worse and strong, as more demon power is coming and it's, you know, in a greater reality, what has been happening? God has been raising the standard. Amen. Amen. God has been anointing his children. Amen. To overcome every pressure and thing and enemy working that he has. Yeah. That's what he's been doing, you know. And so now, but but the reason this is all happening now is because we're coming into the season. Remember the third pull is already there. Amen. The power of the third pull is already there. Yeah. The power of the third bull is already here. But as we get closer to that time, it'll get greater and greater and greater. This is my belief. And we are living in that time. Amen. Amen. Well then you see how did remember all of those circumstances the manifestation of the third pull only one of them was a salvation for the family. Yeah. But who actually activated that? Remember we read I believe therefore I speak. Yeah. I believe therefore I speak. And so only one of them is a circumstance where where salvation happens. And it wasn't the prophet that actually caused it to happen. It was it was sister had right. I know some of you have heard these stories for many years. But it's a reality and it happened for a reason. Amen. You know it says in St. John 14:12, I think it is. It says, "Verily I say unto you, where are we? Yeah, verely I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do because I go unto my father. That is not just for brother Brandham. That's for the bride of Christ. Amen. That is for the bride of Christ. And so Haddie Wright sitting there and says, and so she believed what she was hearing. Yep. And says that's nothing but something in her just said that's nothing but the truth. She responded, remember God, I said in the beginning, God is looking for your response. Amen. And so she by saying that caused God to come upon the scene for her two sons. Remember she would have had I believe she would have had a burn for her sons. Amen. But there came that time now where she responded to the word that was coming forth and she says that's nothing but the truth. Amen. She activated that for her for her sons. Yeah. You say, "Well, you know, you take Miriam in the Old Testament, they come through the Red Sea." Amen. The enem is being, you know, you you know, was drowned there. Who was the one who who who begin to rejoice and dance? It wasn't Moses. It wasn't the ministry. It was a woman with a tambourine. Amen. And she started that whole Pentecostal rejoicing right there. Amen. Amen. You know, many times it's not the, you know, I heard, I might be wrong, but I heard the Welsh revival started with a little girl in a little house meeting and she stood up or began to praise the Lord or something and then God be to move in that country. But it was started by her responding to whatever was going on in the service. Amen. You know, you know, it's like the Pentecostal outpouring. It was a blind man, a blind, you know, I mean, I mean, I mean, a oneeyed colored brother there in Isusa Street. And it was through him that the whole Pentecostal outpouring started in America. Changed the whole face of the nation. And he was just a nobody. Amen. And so now the power of life and death is in the tongue. Yeah. So maybe I'm just going to close with this. That's why we need to respond. You understand? Because remember, I believe with all my heart the same God that was with brother Brandham, he visits us all the time. He walks with us. He talks with us. He comes to church with us. You know, he's the one who who we know. It's not a different God. It's not a different Jesus. It's the same Jesus. It's that same God is with us now. Amen. So, so if so if H had Wright could get what she needed by responding to a testimony that the prophet was sharing, I believe that God can inspire us that when we hear the word or when we hear the message, we can respond to it in the same way. I believe it. We can respond to it in the same way. Amen. Amen. And God can begin to act on our behalf. Amen. Because it can't be remember faith. Faith is not a mental workup. Faith is not mentally quoting the scripture. Faith is not saying, "I think this is what God is going to do." Faith is a revelation. Amen. When it's quickened to you, then you got to respond to it. Amen. Amen. That's what you got to do. That's why life and death is in the power of the tongue. And it's in a greater way in this generation than it has been. Amen. Because there's creative power. Remember, there's creative power in the words you speak. Yeah. Even it's just even just in your home, you can create a lovely atmosphere. You can create a terrible atmosphere. You can speak unbelief or you can speak faith. It depends who you agree with. Amen. You can speak unbelief and you can bring a unbelieving spirit into your life by speaking that unbelief or you can speak faith and God will come and honor that word. Amen. That's always sure. You know, Job complained to God and there's a difference between complaining and actually speaking unbelief. Amen. God didn't hold his complaints against him cuz cuz Job didn't understand. You hear you hear David's you know a lot of David's psalms. He was he was crying out to God. Amen. And that was a man after God's own heart. But he wasn't he wasn't he wasn't speaking unbelief. Yeah. Because he knew remember the anointing that came upon him as a boy. He knew he was going to be king. Whatever happened, he had confidence that God was going to cause him to be on the throne. Amen. And if that can be David, how much more you? How much more me? Amen. That's why when we look at a circ, you know, when we look at a situation, you got to look at it for what it is. Take the word for what it is. Amen. That's why it's so important that this becomes personal to you. It's one thing for me to say, "No formed against you shall prosper." But when it anchors into your heart, amen, when it anchors into your soul and you begin to recognize the devil's trying to destroy me, but you can rejoice saying, "No weapon that is formed against me shall prosper." Amen. It may try, it may try and get the upper hand, but it shall not prosper. Hallelujah. So when the enemy comes in against us or our family or whoever it is, you can look that enemy in the face and say, "Weapon, you've been formed against me, but you shall not prosper." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And then now God begins to act on your behalf. Amen. Amen. You got to stand in faith. Remember, look to the unseen. Amen. Remember, he's the high priest of our profession. I'm just going to finish with this statement. He is the high priest. It says there, the high priest of our profession or confession. Yeah. So, if you're not confessing what he can do, he's not going to act on your behalf. Amen. Remember the Bible says about you know you read on Sunday that the word will not depart out of thy mouth or the mouth of thy seed or thy seed seed. Amen. And to me that is not quoting scripture I said but it's that living God dwelling in them and then the word comes out of their mouth. That's a promise. Amen. Amen. You say Lord that's what you said. It doesn't matter where they are or where they're going in life. Amen. You just got to take them. You know God's looking for rugged people. That's right. Amen. That are just bulldog in their faith. Just take God at his word. That's what he's looking for. Don't be afraid. Amen. Amen. We should we should have courage. Yeah. The devil, he tries to he tries to make us disheartened. He tries to make us feel like we can't win. Amen. He make us feel like he'll never go away. He's a bluff. Amen. You got to call his hand. Amen. You have to. You got to remind him. Satan. Remember, as I said, Jonah said, "They that obser observe lying vanities shall they forsake their own mercies." Yep. So, if you What does it mean to observe something? You study it. I'm studying the microphone. Look, it's this and I'm studying it. Yeah. So, if you look at a problem and you observe that problem, I'm forsaking my own mercy. Yeah, that's true. Amen. But yeah, and the devil will will will anoint this body to be discouraged and want to go down a negative way of thinking and everything. You've got to stop it in its tracks. Amen. And say, you stupid devil. Tell them where to go in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. And don't be afraid. Amen. Have you questioned musicians to come? But Christine, sister Melanie, she was afraid that she could never tell Satan to get behind her. And she had tried for years to get the Holy Ghost. She had been to the altar many times. And then so this is some years back. You know, Christine's sister Elana had just given her life to the Lord. And then she was I know it happened, but but she basically she said, you know, you know, came into Christina and Melany's room and said, "I just can't be a Christian." You know, she's just all discouraged. And then Christine, without saying it, said, "Well, do you want to pray?" And they prayed. No, God hasn't made himself real. Is that is it? Come on. I've never felt the Lord. And without her thinking, she says, "Well, do you want to pray right now?" And then they prayed and God came down and Elana's screaming and rejoicing saying, "Thank you, Lord." And then and then Melanie comes over and she's praying as well. And but she was afraid to say, "Satan, get behind me." Because she thought if she said that, the devil will grab her. Remember, Satan is a bluff. Satan equals bluff. Amen. Okay? Put that in your equation book. Okay? Satan equals bluff. Okay? So, so she just said, "I don't care. Satan, get behind me in the name of Jesus Christ." The spirit of God fell on her and she's been a different person. But she had to say it. Amen. You understand? She had to say it. If she never said it, she would still Well, I believe she would have, you know, it would have been a bit longer, but she had to speak it. That's right. I believe, therefore, I speak. That's right. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just let's just stand, shall we? Let's just let's just actually have a time of prayer. Let's all pray together. Okay. What's your mountain? Let's say what you know, we may not need to give a fish back its life. We may not to speak. We don't need to speak a storm out of existence. You know, we may not have cancer. You know, we, you know, all those kind of things. We We're not hunting squirrels today, but there's things that we need to speak. Amen. That's right. Amen. Amen. Yes. Amen. So, let's just all bow our heads and pray together. And you talk to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, we lift you up. We give you praise, oh God. Father, I just pray you take these chopped up words, but Lord, may we recognize, Lord, you see our hearts. We believe. Lord, therefore, we speak. Dear Lord Jesus, therefore, we lift up our needs into your presence by prayer. Father, we thank you that no weapon formed against us shall prosper. Lord, we thank you that Lord, us and our children, Lord, your word will not depart out of their mouths, oh God. Father, we want to praise your mighty name, Lord. I just pray you keep each one, Lord. Father, you see those who are wayward, oh God. Father, we thank you that they belong to you, Lord. Father, may you go and get them, oh God. I pray. Father, you see those who are sick, Lord, like Anna, Lord, I pray your word would go and catch her, oh God. Father, may you heal her, Lord. Give her real faith, Lord. May it not be a hope so desperation, but anchor in her heart that you're her healer, Lord. You're her redeemer, oh God. Father, may you grant it. Bring her, Lord. Bring her in amongst the ranks of the redeemed, dear Lord Jesus. Father, may you have your way, dear Lord. I pray. Father, you see the mountains that we're facing, Lord. We thank you that Lord, you're greater than the mountain. We thank you that everything is but a light affliction. We read, Lord, everything is but a light affliction, oh God, compared to eternity, Lord. We thank you. We can look into the unseen, oh God. Father, we can look to you and your precious promises, Lord. And it's not, Lord, these promises in your word to us, they're not just some nice phrase or something that just makes us feel happy, Lord. It's a reality, Lord. It's a living reality to us, oh God. And we thank you, dear Lord, that the enemy has to give way in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you that the enemy is defeated in Jesus Christ's name. We thank you. He's a bluff, oh God. And we call his hand right now in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, may you just remove every stumbling block of the enemy, dear Lord. Father, may you cast down his imaginations and everything he tries to put upon us, oh God. Father, there's anyone here who's down and discouraged. We just, Lord, we just ask, Father, they just deny that discouragement in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you, Lord. We can raise up our hands and hang down. Lord, strengthen the feeble knees, oh God. Father, encourage us, dear Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord. Lord, eternity is going to be very soon, Lord. We're going to step into it, oh God. Father, we praise your mighty name, dear Lord. Father, anyone who hasn't received the Holy Ghost, may they receive it, dear Lord Jesus. Father, may the wind continue to blow, oh God. Father, you see the witnessing that's been going on, Lord, use those mighty voices, oh God. Father, bring in your children, dear Lord. Father, may you grant it, oh God. Oh, blessed Lord. May you grant it for your glory, dear Lord Jesus. We thank you, dear God. We praise your mighty name that we don't have to put up with the devil and his and his and his and his vanities, dear Lord. But, Father, we can look to you, Lord. We're so thankful there's a fountain open, Father, where mercy and grace is, Lord, and we don't have to earn it, Lord. We didn't qualify it. We didn't, Lord. We didn't earn it there, Lord. You just came down to where we were and you gave it without money or price to us, Lord Jesus. And Father, we just accept what you've done for us, Lord. We thank you for your peace. We thank you that anxiety is not of you and we cast it down name of Jesus Christ. Worry is not our portion anymore, dear Lord Jesus. Stress is not our portion anymore, dear Lord Jesus. Financial problems are not our problem anymore, dear Lord Jesus. They're not our burden, Lord. Father, we give all these things to you, dear Lord. Father, our families belong to you, oh God. Father, Lord, we Lord, we place them at your feet, dear Lord. Father, I pray your Holy Spirit would go after them and get them, dear Lord Jesus. Father, may you arrest them, dear Lord Jesus. Father, may you come and get them. Turn their hearts back to you, oh God. Father, may you grant it for your glory, dear Lord Jesus. Father, you hold the future, Lord, to us, not our burden, Lord. Father, you're in control, Lord. Lord, it's not our burden what we face tomorrow, Lord, because you hold tomorrow, dear Lord. We praise your mighty name, Lord. May we look to the unseen, oh God, and not worry about anything, Lord. Father, sure, we need to plan and and and and worry about natural things, but may it not consume us, Lord. May it not become a burden, Father. May it not become a worry. May it not become a God, Father, but may we just walk with you. I pray, Father. May you grant it for your glory, Lord. We praise your mighty name, Father. We just love you so much, dear Lord. You're so wonderful to us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that everything's in your control and we can, Lord, we're so thankful we can call the devil's hand and he's a he's a thief and a robber and a liar and he's been stripped. Lord, we thank you stripped him on Calvary. Lord, we thank you, Lord, as your prophet said, he's like a wounded animal now. You broke his back at Calvary. We thank you that you ripped out his stinger, oh God. He's just a big buzz. We praise your great name for it, dear Lord. We thank you our enemies defeated in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you, Lord, that you've put on flesh once again in your people, Lord. We thank you that you dwell in us, dear Lord Jesus. Father, we praise your mighty name. Lord, we love you, Lord. We just commit this evening into your hands, Lord. May we just meditate upon what we heard, Father. May you just move upon us, Lord, how you want us to, Lord, just just whatever you'd have us do, Lord. We Lord, we're here and available there, Lord, for your glory alone, Lord. Amen. Lord, we'll be very careful only to give you all the glory, Lord. Father, may you grant it. I pray. Lord, we just want to commit the evening into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Can we, brother Arman, can you come please? When he's on guitar, can we sing that song? He knows my name. Amen. Do you love the Lord tonight? Amen. That power is in the church now, friends. Amen. He knows my name. me every step that I take, you know. Yeah. Amen. We need a guitar. Amen. Don't be discouraged, friends. Remember the scripture tells us if he can be for us, who can be against us? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Stars one and all. Knows how much sand is on the shores. Sees every sparrow that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything, of all creatures, great and small. He knows my name, every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry. He knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain and can see the light of day, I'll know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. [Music] He knows my name. [Music] I don't know what tomorrow will bring in store. I know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the question of life but in whom I have believed. Oh yes Lord, he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, can see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine. Cuz he knows my name. [Music] Hallelujah. He knows my name. [Music] Amen. Do we have another verse? Amen. Let's go to verse one again. Sorry, I see the arrows. Sorry, friends. Forgive me. The stars one and all. How much sand is on the shores seas that falls. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything of all creatures great and small. He knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name when I'm overwhelmed by the pain. Can't see the light of day. And I know I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] Yes, Lord. He knows my name. [Music] I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. I don't have all the answers to the questions of life knowing whom I have believe. Hallelujah. He knows my name. Every strength that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day and I know I'll be just fine. He knows my name. Let's sing the chorus once again. Hallelujah. He knows my name. [Music] Oh, he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry, he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, can't see the light of day, I know I'll be just fine. He knows my name. [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, he knows my name. Yes, Lord. He knows my name. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just sing. Uh, who taught the son where to stand in the morning? Amen. I know my redeemer lives. Amen. You know, I like that. But I know in whom I have believed. That's the main thing in life. But I know in whom I have believed. Hallelujah. Amen. Um, sorry. 200. Hey, man. Let's just sing this as we go tonight. You fine? What do you need? You want us who taught the sun where to stand in the morning? [Music] Who told the ocean, "You can only come this far and who showed the moon where to hide till evening? Whose words alone can catch a falling star? I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, I know my redeemer lives. The very same God that spins things in orbit, he runs to the weary, the worn and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they've conquered death to bring me victory. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. He lives to take away my shame. He lives forever. I'll proclaim that the payment for my sin was the precious life he gave. And now he's alive and there's an empty grave. I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. [Music] Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, "I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer lives. lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry, I know my redeemer, [Music] he lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you friend in Jesus Christ's name. Hallelujah. [Music] and the pro. [Music]
