################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2017-08-05 - 17-0806 Those who are dead are free from sin - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2017-08-05
Title:   17-0806 Those who are dead are free from sin
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-VHAx-45ZI
========================================

[Music] the presence of the Lord. Can we all rise? Amen. Let's start with the song we are together again to praise the Lord. Amen. Because we all feel that way. All right. This is the presence of the Lord and the Lord is right here amongst us this morning. And there's no place else better than here this morning. Regardless of what happened last week or what happened in the week before, this is a new start for the next week. So let's give all the praise to God this morning because the Bible did say when two or three are gathered in the house, when two or three are gathered that he's here in their midst and the Lord is here at this very moment. So let's start with with the song we're together again just praising the Lord. Amen. We are together again. Just praise the Lord. We are together [Music] again. Something good is about to happen. Something good. We are together again. Well, just praising the [Music] Lord wherever I go. Praise him wherever I go. Well, for his love it surrounds me like the sea. And I'll praise the name of Jesus. I lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, now we are together again. He's praising the Lord. Well, we are together again in one accord. There's something good. Well, something good is in store. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Chorus one more time. We are together again. Well, just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again in one [Music] accord. Something good is about to happen. We are together again just praising the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's give him the praise and the glory this morning. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] That's right. So, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. The name of the Lord is a cloud. Well, the [Music] righteous. Well, the name of the [Music] Lord, the righteous running. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most [Music] high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Should we start in G? Yeah, I think so. Let's start in G. Okay. Okay. Leave it up to you guys. Is it G? G. What key do you want? Sing it and we'll walk. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Can you get it? Blessed be the name of the Lord. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. That's it. Yeah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most [Applause] [Music] [Applause] high and the righteous [Music] running and they are the name of the Lord. [Applause] aw the righteous run. Oh yes. Halleluah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord most high. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Let's start with a word of prayer. Shall we all bow our heads? Our dear Lord and heavenly father, Lord, with humble adoration, Lord God, we come into your presence this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, we all have our various prayers and our various issues and our various needs we have in our hearts this morning, Lord. And that's why we're here this morning, Lord. Amen. For you to look into us, Lord, and for you to answer our prayers, Lord, Lord Jesus. Lord, you said when two or three, Lord, are gathered, Father, that's a promise, Lord, that we adhere to, Lord Jesus, and we're here for that, Lord Jesus. And we know that you're here in our midst this morning, Lord. Lord Jesus. And Lord, we call upon your magnificent power, Lord, and your presence, Lord, to come into our hearts, Lord. Lord Jesus, Lord, may we enter with praise, Lord Jesus. May we enter with glory, Lord Jesus. May we enter with thanksgiving in our hearts, Lord. Lord God, and when we leave out of here, Lord God, may we leave differently from how from how we came in this morning, Lord God. May you bless us, Lord, and may we use worship, Lord, to pour down your spirit this morning, Lord. All this we pray and we ask, Lord God, in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. And amen. Let's sing that song to God's unchanging hands because we know he doesn't change. He said he's the same yesterday, today, and he will be so forever. And he's unchangeable. So hold to God's unchanging hands. Time is filled with trans [Music] Oh [Music] god. Oh yes. Let's [Music] [Applause] [Music] go. Oh god. Let's build [Music] something changing. Oh, let's go to God. [Music] Why don't you be the most [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] eternal [Music] away my [Music] Oh yes, walk closely. Oh, let's hold on to God's unchanging hand. Well, hold to God's unchanging hand. Well, let's build your hopes and things eternal. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. One more time. Hold on. Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Well, this morning, hold God's unchanging. [Music] W all things eternal. Oh, let's hold to God's one more time. Hallelujah. Let us hold to God's unchanging hands. Let us hold to God's unchanging hands. [Music] Let's go with our things eternal God's unchanging hand. Hallelujah. We need that this morning. Amen. Cuz that's where you'll find security in the Lord's unchanging hands. Amen. And shall we invite sister Naomi into the Esther for their item this morning. Amen. And as we do that, let's sing um we have come into his presence. We have come into his house with thanksgiving. Amen. We [Music] have Yes. We have come into his house, gather in his name to worship him. [Music] We have Christ Jesus gather in his name to worship him and we have come into his house gather in his name to worship Christ our Lord. and worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. All hands raised, all eyes closed. Sing that one more time. Well, we have come and gathered in his name to worship him. [Music] Well, we that have come into his house, gatherred in his name to worship him. We have come into his house. gathering his name to worship Christ our Lord. Let us worship him Jesus Christ our Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Wow. 2. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat up [Music] here. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Glory. Amen. That was beautiful. That was beautiful. Thank you. He heard you and that's all that counts. Amen. Shall we all stand and let's sing that song? Lord, you're beautiful. [Music] 29. Amen. With all hands raised and every eyes closed. Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see. [Applause] Your eyes are all your Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] [Music] go and your face is all I see. Your eyes are [Music] shown to me. [Music] Lord, [Music] please bright and clear. Lord, retrieve the lamb of my first love that burns with holy hands. [Music] And Lord, you're beautiful and your face is all I see. Oh, your eyes are on this child. Your grace abounds to me. Make me more like you. Make me more like you, Jesus. Make me more. I need Yes, Lord. Lord, give me a heart that is fil with love and make me more like thee. All together now. Make me more like thee, Lord. Make let him hear this morning. I me Jesus made that you pray this morning to be just like him to get you closer to where you need to be. Lord, please give me a heart that is fil love like thee. One more time like you mean it this morning. [Music] Make me more like this. [Applause] Jesus, make me more likely. Lord, please give me a heart that is filled with blood and make me whole like thee. Hallelujah. Create me a clean heart. [Music] creat within Can I say your prayer this morning? in me ugly. [Music] Oh, we do [Applause] with the way from your presence, oh [Music] Oh [Applause] my. Oh Lord, the joy of my salvation. and renew a right spirit within me. All hands raised, every eyes closed. Making your prayer this morning. The Lord creates in me a clean heart. Oh God. Oh hallelujah. Christ right spirit within me the spirit Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Take my life from me. of my sal one more time away from thy presence. Heat. Heat. the joy of my salvation and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Lord, that's our cry this morning. Lord Jesus, create in us, Lord, a clean heart, Lord Jesus. Amen. Let's sing that song also in your presence, Lord. That's where I belong. Cuz we belong nowhere else. Not out there. Amen. But in here, in his presence, his divine presence where anything can happen. Amen. So if you have a need as we sing this song, pray in your heart that the Lord will answer your prayer in his presence. Amen. My brother Ben comes up whenever he's creating me a clean. Oh, sorry that was the last song. In your presence, that's where I am from. In your presence, Lord my God, in your presence, that's where I [Music] Well, I'm seeking your face. I'm touching your grace in the cliff of the rock in your presence. Oh God. Seems like yes. [Music] But I'm seeing your face touching your face in the [Music] cloud in your presence. Oh God, everybody know in your presence. That's where I in your [Music] presence your presence. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, your [Music] [Music] presence. Heat. Heat. Thank you Jesus. Oh my god, in your presence. That's where I see your touching the presence. [Music] Oh, I want to be where the se of darkness cannot touch me. In your bra. In your bra. in your face. Oh, that's where I belong. Seeking your face, touching your [Music] gra from the rock. Hallelujah. In your presence, oh God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray together, shall we? If anyone has a need, you want us to lift your hands to the Lord. Gracious heavenly father, you see the hands that are raised. Lord, we're so thankful in your presence is where we belong. Lord, you've allowed us to come into your presence, Lord. We're built to live in your presence, Lord. Father, you want us in your presence, Lord Jesus. Father, we give you praise this morning, Lord, that we have a hiding place in you, Lord. How glad we are, Lord. We have be hidden. hidden away from the darkness of this world. Hidden away from the evil and the schemes of man and the schemes of the devil. Lord, we hidden in you, oh God. Father, we give you praise this morning. Glory to your name, Lord. Thank you for your salvation so rich and free. Thank you, Lord, for your blood that cleanses us from all sin. Thank you for the light of your word we can walk in in this day. Glory to your name, Lord. Glory to your name. Oh, Father, how thankful we are, Lord. we can be called your children, Lord, cuz we've been birthed into your kingdom by your spirit, Lord. Hallelujah to your name. We thank you. We're not orphaned children wandering somewhere. But Father, we know where we come from. We know where we're going. Glory to your name, Lord God. Oh, may your name be exalted this morning. May be lifted up high above the earth, high above all else, oh God. Father, may you grant it for your glory. Take this service under your control, Father. We believe it already is, but Lord, we just want to make it more real. Father, just move us all out of the way. Lord, you can come and worship. You can come and preach. Lord, you can come and Father, you do what you want to do. Grant it, Lord. Oh, God, in your presence. We're so thankful we are in your presence, Lord. Oh God, have your way. Father, bear those who are awake today who are sick, Lord, and body, Lord, even here, oh God. Father, every need, Lord, in every life, meet that need, Lord, for your glory. Lord, may you grant it that we can lift it back as praise and thanksgiving to you, oh God. Father, may you grant it, Lord Jesus. Father, we thank you, Lord, that very soon, soon and very soon, we're going to step from this world to the next world. We praise you for that, Lord. Glory to your name, Lord God. Father, I pray you'd comfort Brother Quebe and the family as well, Lord, as his father is gone from this world. Lord, comfort him, Lord. Give them greater peace, Lord. Bless them in the family, Lord. We thank you for them, Lord. We so glad they're here. Lord, Lord, in our lives. Pray you bless them immeasurably, Lord, this day. Give them the desires of their hearts, Lord. Father, may you grant it, Lord. And we commit the service into your hands, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Well, it's great to have brother Matthew, sister Naomi here. We part of the furniture, but it's good to say welcome. Amen. God bless you. Amen. M and Bethany as well. God bless you. Great to have you here as always. Hallelujah. Amen. If you got your Bibles handy, um let's just go to the book of Judges. So, everyone's welcome to come back to our place for for lunch after the service as well. Amen. You know, it's so good. Doesn't matter what kind of week or morning we had, God is still good. And he's still in control. Hallelujah. Amen. Judges 16 verses 23 down to 30. And then we'll go to Romans chapter 6 and verse one. says, "Then the lords of the Philistines gathered themselves together for to offer a great sacrifice unto Dagen their god and to rejoice. For they said, "Our God hath delivered Samson our enemy into our hand." And when the people saw him, they praised their God, and they said, "Our God has delivered into our hands our enemy and the destroyer of our country, which slew many of us." And it came to pass when their hearts were merry that they said, "Call for Samson that he may make a sport." And they called for Samson out of the prison house, and uh he made them sport. And they set him between the pillars. And Samson said unto the lad that led him by the hand, suffer me that I may feel the pillars whereupon the house standeth, that I may lean upon them. Now the house was full of men and women, and all the lords of the Philistines were there. And there were upon the roof about 3,000 men and women that beheld while Samson made sport. And Samson called unto the Lord and said, "Oh Lord God, remember me, I pray thee, and strengthen me, I pray thee only this once, oh God, that I may be at once avenged of the Philistines for my two eyes." And the Lord took uh sorry and Samson took hold of the two middle pillars upon which the house stood and on and on which it was bore up of one of with his right hand, the other with his left. And Samson said, "Let me die with the Philistines." And he bowed him and he bowed himself with all his might, and the house fell upon the lords and upon all the people that were therein. though the dead which he slew at his death were more than they which he slew in his life. Let's go to Romans 6 and and verse one and we're going to be referring back to uh Samson a bit during the service. Romans 6 and1 we're going to read down to verse 11 says, "What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin that grace may abound? God forbid. How shall we that are dead to sin live any longer therein? Know ye not that so many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death, that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. For if we have been planted together in the likeness of his death, we shall be also in the likeness of his resurrection, knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. For he that is dead is free from sin. Now if we be dead with Christ, we believe we shall also we also sorry we shall also live with him, knowing that Christ being raised from the dead dieth no more. Death hath no more dominion over him. For in that he died, he died unto sin once, but in that he liveth, he liveth under God. Likewise reckon ye also yourselves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord. Now, let's just read verse seven alto together of Romans 6. For he that is dead is freed from sin. Amen. So, if you're dead, you're free. Amen. May the Lord bless his word. You may uh have your seats. And that's really my title this morning is he that is dead is free from sin. Yes. Amen. Now, and and if I could pose a question to you this morning, are you dead? If you're dead, you're free from sin. If you're alive, sin has dominion over you. But if you're dead in Christ, you're free. So, are you dead? Amen. See, many times people just get wounded. They get convicted. You know, they may they may cry. They may have emotional time, but they don't die. They just get wounded. But a sacrifice must be dead. Amen. So it's very, you know, you look at Samson, it must have been an incredible scene to watch that day. Here was a great celebration. You know, the Philistines are very happy that day. This was a this was a victory celebration. But it was not the children of God celebrating. It was their enemies this time that would be celebrating. For they had finally found a way to get the victory over their enemy. Their enemy was just one man. Incredible, isn't it? a whole nation and one man could could beat them around however he really wanted. You know, the Philistines were greater in in military might than the Israelites, but they couldn't defeat this one man. This was the man who would take a jawbone of a of a of a donkey of an ass. And he would slay a thousand of their armed soldiers. This man would carry the gates of Gaza upon his shoulders. And not just carry the gates, he'd rip them off their hinges, then carry them away. Amen. Hallelujah. This man could not be defeated by strength. Amen. And even even in, you know, in Judges 15 and 13, when when the children of Israel, they they bound they bound Samson with two new cords. And then the Israelites went to offer him to the Philistines. You know, it says when the Philistines shouted against him, the spirit of the Lord came mightily upon him and he broke the cords that he was bound with and he picked up the new jawbone of an ass and he slew a thousand men. So when the enemy tried to come against them and they made their boast, now we've got you. Now we'll destroy you. Amen. That's when the anointing came upon him. Amen. Hallelujah. And he killed a thousand men. And I want to say this, this is exactly the same as the bride of Christ. Amen. Amen. that there's no weapon that is formed against you that shall prosper. Amen. She will not be defeated. Hallelujah. She will be victorious in every circumstance. Amen. There is no weapon the devil can build that can defeat you. Amen. Amen. There is nothing, no enemy can stand before the bride of Christ. Not one. Amen. Because their chief captain defeated hell, death, and the grave. Amen. Everything that could be defeated was defeated. Hallelujah. And he made an open show. He openly spoiled the principalities of the enemy. Hallelujah. He vanquished Satan. He defeated hell. He defeated the grave. Nothing could contain him. Amen. And because I live, he said, "You shall live also." Hallelujah. So nothing can stand before you. Amen. Amen. The prophet of God was told by the angel of the Lord when he was commissioned, "If you're sincere when you pray, nothing will stand before you, not even cancer." Amen. And every enemy that came into the presence of that prophet, Amen. when the angel of the Lord was there was defeated. Hallelujah. And that same God that anointed the prophet is upon the bride. Amen. That very same God that does the same things. He's not a weaker angel, a lesser angel, the angel of the covenant. The Lord Jesus Christ is anointed as bride. Hallelujah. Dwells in her. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So, no weapon could defeat Samson. Amen. When he was a Nazerite. No weapon could defeat him when he was separated unto God. Not one. Amen. All of their devices came to nothing. Yeah. Amen. It says in Isaiah 59:19, the B part of the verse says, "When the enemy shall come and like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him." And the enemy came to get Samson and they shouted at him. Amen. In the presence of his enemy, making a boast cause the anointing to come mightily upon him. He was like any other man until the anointing came upon him. Amen. It's like Goliath. He said one day, "Bring me a man." He made a challenge for 40 days. Then one day that challenge fell on the wrong ears. Fell on predestinated ears. And those ears, Amen. that one who had those ears was predestinated, ordained to kill kill that enemy. Hallelujah. So the boast, when the enemy makes a boast, he's just really just he's he's causing the anointing of God to fall upon you. Amen. Because God is not afraid of a challenge. God loves a challenge. That's why he made his enemy like he is. He didn't make some weak little enemy. He actually made quite a powerful master of deceit. We can't defeat him in our own strength. Amen. He's a slicker. You need God. You need God in your life to defeat Satan. Amen. Hallelujah. But now, but the enemy found his weakness. He found Samson's weakness. And then he used that weakness against him. And there he finds himself now blinded, the laughingtock of his enemies. But why is this? How did it come to this? Simply because he was not completely dead. He had not brother Baron would say in going beyond the camp 1964 says the Bible said that he watches over his word to confirm it. He's trying to find someone if he can just get a half-hearted man like Samson. Samson surrendered his strength to God, but he gave his heart to Delilah. Yes, that's right. That's the way many times we do today. Just give something to God, but not all. Amen. But God wants all of us. Like an insurance policy, when you get an insurance policy, you might as well get full coverage. And that's what this blessed assurance does for us. It's a full coverage policy. It covers all we have need of in this life and our resurrection and eternal life. It includes everything. Amen. So Samson only gave part of himself to God. And it's the same thing today. He had to die. Remember, he was always down in the Philistines chasing some girl around. He was always down there. And his parents like, "Are there not good enough young ladies here you can marry?" But there's something in him. And that thing the devil used causes his eyes to come out and there he is a laughingtock. The devil has studied you. The devil knows humanity better than we know ourselves. He has studied humanity from the garden down to now. And the longer you study something, then normally the more knowledge you get about it. And you can refine your methods. You can refine your way of doing things. And then when you need to go in for the kill, you can just do it real easy. And so he's been studying us. But if we're alive, then the enemy that's against us can defeat us. But if we're dead, we're free. Amen. If we're dead, that enemy has no hold over us. Amen. Now, I'm not talking about physical death here. I'm talking about being spiritually dead. I'm being I'm talking about being dead in Christ. Right? Being dead in Christ. Now, if we are truly if we are truly dead, then the enemy cannot get you. Yeah. And if you are truly dead and the enemy comes around again, you just got to say to him, "Hey, I'm dead." Amen. If I was dead on the floor here, you could kick me. It wouldn't bother me. You could make fun of me. It wouldn't bother me. You could do whatever you wanted. It wouldn't bother me cuz I'm dead. Amen. And the enemy would come against me. If I'm alive, it' make f do whatever he wanted and it would bother me. But if I'm dead, it doesn't bother me. I'm not there anymore. Amen. Amen. And so it's it's got to be the same thing. So you say, "But I am dead." Well, you got to reckon yourself dead. Reckon that. And you got to say, "Satan, I'm dead. I no longer live in this place." Amen. I'm going to read what the Apostle Paul said about himself. He didn't say, "I'm I'm here anymore. It's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me." So he's saying that that old man is dead. Crucify the old man. Amen. Hallelujah. Kill him. Kill him and you'll have victory. Amen. Just like Samson, he killed more in his death. You know, he did incredible things in his life. He killed a lot of people. He killed a lot of enemies, did he not? But in his death, he had to, in order to overcome that thing that had him bound, he had to die with it. And many times we look at the enemy, we say, "This enemy is after me and he's on my case and I can't be free and this thing keeps fighting me and bombarding me. How do I get rid of it?" Die. Amen. That's the only thing. You just got to die to your own thinking. Die to your own ambitions. Die to what you want. Lay it all upon the altar. Then that enemy won't be a problem anymore. Thank you, Lord. Amen. It is your death that frees you. Amen. Your death frees you. Hallelujah. I want to kill this serpent that's biting me. Die. Amen. Just die upon God's altar. That's all you need to do. Amen. Hallelujah. In in James 1:13, let no man say that he is tempted. I am tempted of God. For God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempted he but he he any man. But every man is tempted when he is drawn away by his own lust and enticed. This is someone alive. He's you know then when lust has conceived it brings forth uh sin and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. What happened to Samson? He is in he was drawn away by his own lust and there he finds himself. There he finds himself in that place. Samson's biggest enemy was himself. It wasn't the Philistines. Amen. The biggest enemy you have this morning is you. That's right. You are public enemy number one. You are. Not the devil. Oh, hell's open itself in this last day. The bottomless pit's open. Yeah, but that's not your biggest enemy. It's you. You are the biggest enemy. Who cares if hell's literally become manifested upon the earth? It's you, the enemy. Amen. The biggest battle, the the biggest one you have to overcome is you. And once you overcome yourself, then you have the victory. Amen. That's right. And power of decision. This is the sermon, the power of decision. 1955. It's incredible. He's preaching about the power. I think in this series, he preaches about the power of God and the power of the devil and the power of decision. And he says, I just read this. We don't care about the routine. get in the spirit then we can see things done. An old prophet one time got all stirred up because somebody came to him. It wasn't right for him to come. He got all of his righteous indign indignation up. And you know what he did before the spirit came on him. He had to go sing some good old uh good spiritual songs. Then he got in the spirit and begin to see things. He saw some visions. I tell you, brother, life will look a lot different when the church gets in the spirit. That's right. and gets out of itself and the routine that you're in. Amen. Lay aside those weights. You got to find uh you got to find out the ladies aid society has their dinner next week and what you've got to do. Lay aside those things. Give me give time to old-fashioned heartfelt pouring out to the Lord Jesus Christ until the Holy Spirit pours down into your soul. You'll get beside yourself. Maybe you can get with Jesus if you get away from yourself once. Amen. You can't be with yourself in Jesus. You find out you're the biggest enemy you've got. If I can get William Brandham out of the way, Jesus can do have a wonderful time. I liked how he said that. That's why you because he says it a few times. Jesus can have a Who wants Jesus to have a wonderful time? Not just from 10 till about 12:30 on a Sunday or Wednesday night. 24/7. Hallelujah. Yeah, you wake up in the middle of night. How you doing, Lord? I'm having a wonderful time. Glory to God. Have your way. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. You may think I'm crazy, but I'm happy. Hallelujah. Amen. You never, you know. Amen. But you, but you got to get him, get him out of the way. Speak of yourself. So when you start, see, they started go through on light foot and feeling wonderful. Why? They were following the pillar of fire, God going before them. So he's saying that if the biggest enemy we have, he said the biggest enemy I have is William Brandham. Now I said last Sunday about Jesus felt uncomfortable in in in Simon the Pharisees house. Now we just bring that right on home. We were talking about it after the service. Does Jesus feel comfortable in our lives? Does Jesus feel comfortable by what we dress, what we watch, where we go, what we say, how we treat one another. Does he feel comfortable? Yeah. Amen. You got to think about it cuz oh, the Pharisee. Oh, Simon the Pharisee and pride and Yeah. But does he feel comfortable in your address? Amen. When you go home and you do whatever you do in your free time, would he feel comfortable like that? Would he feel comfortable to be right there and do do whatever you're doing? Would he say, "I'm enjoying some fellowship with my son or daughter right now. This is such a glorious time. Put your name there. I love this." Would he feel comfortable? Amen. Amen. Because if he's not comfortable, then it's not You got to die. Something in you needs to die. That's right. We need a killing. Brother Bam says, I'll get down to the quote. He says, "You want a revival first? There's got to be a killing first. There's got to be a killing. Then there can be a revival. Amen. We try and pour in. Pour in. There's got to be an emptying first and a pouring in. Amen. Less of me, more of you, God. I don't want 50% me and 50% him. 100% him. 0% me. Hallelujah. That's what it's got to be. God is going to take vessels. He's going to take dead people to heaven. He's going to take those who are dead in Christ that are fully surrendered that their humanity has no say. Amen. Amen. What? Yeah. What? Don't. We got to stop pandering to this thing. Doesn't mean go be a monk in some shack someplace. But you know, stop pandering to this guy. Amen. There's so much easy living. I say you got to that's a weight. That can be a weight. Amen. When they had Now I know you they used to have all night prayer meetings. People burning on fire for God. Used to be that way. Where's that gone? I'm just posing a question to myself. You know, when I was thinking about these things that those that are dead are free from sin, and I began to think, well, am I dead? Am I still dead? I want to die. Amen. I need to die. I don't want to be alive. I don't know. I'm talking about, you know, this man living. Who's in this house? Who lives at your address? Is it you? If it's you, well, that guy needs to die. Jesus and you can't dwell in the same place. Are you following me? Yes. Hallelujah. You know, we can't be afraid of the unknown. People get comfortable in the rut they're in. Why did they, you know, here comes Israel out of Egypt. They're slaves. Trouble comes in. Oh, let's go back to Egypt. What are they doing? They want wanting to run back into their slavehood again because they were used to it. We don't want to go back. Don't go back to a comfort zone. That was their comfort zone. You think that's crazy? They were beaten. They were whipped. They probably half starved and whatever more was going on. But that was their comfort zone. Amen. Don't go back to a comfort zone. You say, "I'm scared." That's all right. Die. Nothing wants to die. Death is never easy, but you got to stay there till you're dead. Amen. Hallelujah. God, get us out of the way. Now, he says, "And show us the father." He said, "Look, last night when we were talking about the works that I do, shall you do also." We took the works that he did and showed what it was. He promised he would be here. You say, "But God lived in another age. God lives forever. God's eternal. God can't die. They killed the body, Jesus, but God raised it up again. He's alive forever more. His spirit lives in the church today. His spirit is here now. His spirit's among his people. Do you believe it this morning?" Amen. Amen. I believe he's here. Amen. I believe he's present. Yeah. Amen. Not just cuz I'm saying it. I believe he's here. Hallelujah. He's here to meet your needs. He's here to lead you up Calvary. He's He's here to lead you up so you can die. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hey, we need a killing. From here to wherever. Amen. From the pulpit to the janitor. That's what brother Bram said. And he put himself in there. Amen. Now his spirit's here now. His spirit's among his people. He proves himself not by something. He could prove himself alive by this. He could prove himself alive by the sunset. He could prove himself alive by his word. He could prove himself alive by his spirit that's in the building now by men and women who commit themselves to him. Who wants to prove? Who wants to say, "God, let me use me to prove your work. Use me to prove you're alive." Amen. Amen. You commit yourself to him. Say, "What happens, brother? When you see those visions, it's nothing in the world, but just having a gift to know how to relax myself, get William Brandham off to one side. That's the biggest enemy I got is William Brandham. He's always in my way. He's always in God's way. I'll say he always gets in God's way. He's too tired. He don't want to do this. He don't want to He don't want to do that. If I can just crucify that guy, God can use it. God can use this body. Amen. Hallelujah. That's what we want. Amen. Amen. That's what we want. Now, Samson, Samson, you see, he truly, if he truly died out to his own thinking about or his his own sinful desire to get a Philistine girl to marry instead of marrying an Israelite, he would never have ended up where he did. Amen. It wasn't the Philistines that caused him to be there. It wasn't himself. Right. So we can mentally know something is wrong and we shouldn't do it. But if we don't totally die out to the thing, then we will keep going back to it after a while. We can mentally know I shouldn't do this, I shouldn't do that, I shouldn't wear this, I shouldn't say this, or watch this. Mentally, but then you see people, they they wrestle. I know it's wrong, but I can't overcome this. I know this is wrong, but I can't be free. Why is that? Because they're not dead. That's right. Amen. There is a there is a power here to kill anyone. Amen. Amen. That you can be dead in Christ. Amen. Amen. Now, if you are dead, as I said, nothing can really bother you because the things that once plagued you, you have to remind see if you who is really dead. Maybe there's a bit of a challenge this ass. Well, I don't know if I really am. I trust by the end of when we all walk out these doors, everyone will be. and make sure they are because if you really are dead then don't worry about what the devil tries to do to you cuz you've got to you've got to tell them I reckon myself dead old nature is not just I think it's dead it's literally being killed the things I once did I cannot stand and that is not reprogramming your own self or a reformation that is God changing your nature amen when you sincerely mean Lord take my life and make it thine all of my ambitions hopes and plans I really lay at your feet. Amen. And then he comes and meets that. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Not just in an emotional way, but God really meets that. Hallelujah. That's why people wrestle and get pulled out into the world cuz they're not dead. Colossians 3 and three, for ye are dead and your life is hid with Christ and God. You are dead. Amen. Now, Samson had to die to be free. We must do the same. He says in a total deliverance. Who wants a total deliverance? We are called, you know, we are not called to walk along even with chains on our broken chains on our wrists. Those are totally God. We don't walk around with just shackles hanging off us even though we can run. Those things aren't even meant to be there. Amen. Hallelujah. So, we are not the the believer is not called You are not called to be partially free. That's right. You're not called to be on home detention. You're not called to be on parole and have to log in with the devil once a week. Here I am. And sign your name and meet his conditions. We don't meet his conditions. We meet God's conditions. Hallelujah. So we are called his death made us free. Hallelujah. And his life in us now ensures we stay free. Hallelujah. And that is that is true. You say, "I don't know if that can be so." It is so. Why did he die? God doesn't share his wife with anyone. God does not allow his wife to be manhandled. You think he does? No. Man tries to raise up and manhandle the bride, God takes them away. He does. He will not allow his children to be manhandled by anything. Hallelujah. He's a jealous husband. He's a zealous husband. Lord, hallelujah. That makes him angry. Why do you think this world is going to be wiped out? Cuz God's children are here and the devil's tried to beat them and trod them down and destroy them. Do you think he rejoices in that? Do you think he says, "Oh, Satan, do what you want. He allows the devil to do what he does, but it's heaping up judgment upon his head." And God is going to pour his wrath out upon this world because of what Satan has done to God's children. Yes. Amen. God is not mocked. Whatever you sow, you will reap. And so, what the devil has sowed, he's going to reap. That's right. Amen. That's why you know God God is not indifferent to you. God is not indifferent in any way. He may allow you like the prodical son to end up in a place that you would never originally end up in. There he is in a foreign land feeding in a an an animal that's an unclean animal to him. Such in a destitute state that he wish he could eat the pig scraps. Yeah. He He may allow you to go down there, but he won't leave you there. Amen. He won't allow you just to stay there and keep going on. That was him when And then he came to himself. Hallelujah. And he recognized I can go back to father's house. Amen. I can go back to where I was. I'm not worthy to be called a son, but I'll go to him anyway. Hallelujah. And then so many times we say, "How could God ever take us back?" And he takes us back. And we think, "Well, we'll just be a servant to him." to know, friend, he never wanted you to be a servant of his. Amen. You're you're my wife. I love you. I'm going to lift you up. Hallelujah. To where you should be in me. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. We are not called to be partially free. We are not called. The enemy that has plagued us, plagued you, there has to come to an end of it. That's right. There has to come to an end of it. Amen. You say, "Well, this has been years. It must come to an end. Hallelujah. This is in total deliverance in 1959. He totally delivered the leper from leprosy. Speaking of Jesus now, he totally delivered the woman with the blood issue from her issue. Glory. He totally delivered the world from sin when he died at the day of of the atonement. He totally delivered every sin. He delivered the church. So there's no need for us to live under privileged people. Why live in a place you're not called to live? Why? There's no need for us to live in a defeated state. There's no need because he because Jesus all paid it all because he Why? It's like if you're in a massive financial debt, then someone comes along and pays off the debt, but you say, "No, I want to stay in this way." That's crazy. That's crazy. You would accept it. You go, "Glory to God. I'm free. I'm free from this this pressure and this bondage of this debt." But some people, they actually say, "No, I want to stay in this condition." Why? It's the devil lying to them. The devil lies to people. You can never be free. He says you can't really overcome this. You can't really be a victorious Christian. That's just that's just a hypothetical thing. No, it's not, friends. It's a reality. Amen. Hallelujah. There's no need for us to live in a defeated state because he defeated the devil and took all the principalities and powers and subdued them unto his feet and they have no legal rights to rule over you. Amen. Hallelujah. We are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost. We don't have uh we don't have the devil dictate to us. Amen. Don't let the devil dictate anything to you. Amen. This is not the some kind of agreement. If you do this, I'll do this. And if I do this, you got to do this. No, we do not negotiate. Just like these days, we don't negotiate with terrorists. The devil's the biggest terrorist there is. We do not negotiate with him. Oh, he'll he'll he he'll blow up a whole city. No, he won't. He's just a bluff. That's They're all just like dummy uh you know, like props in a movie that don't work. That's all he's got. Yeah, it is. Oh, I'm going to blow you up. No, you're not. You got no bomb. Amen. You don't even have anything in your hand. You look pretty silly. But if you believe his lie, you'll get scared. You'll be intimidated. Don't be intimidated by him. Amen. Amen. Take the word, push him to one side, and walk on. Amen. Hallelujah. We are Christians filled with the Holy Ghost. I'll just read this again because I like it. We don't have uh we we don't have to let the devil dictate to us. Christ delivered us. Total deliverance. Delivered us from evil. Delivered us from sin. Delivered us from habits. And I trust you should be saying, "Glory, hallelujah. Delivered us from um delivered us from from blackard. Delivered us from all kinds of smutty things. He totally delivered us and put us into his holy hands. A complete total deliverance. He delivered our sickness. He delivered us from sickness. For we have an abstract deed to that. Hallelujah. For he was wounded for our transgressions. With his stripes, we were healed. He is our healer. Amen. That's why the poor little poly old woman trying to take care of a cancer dying husband. She walked into the realms um she walked into the realms of the prince of God. She had faith. Who has faith? We are We are sitting in the realms of the prince of God this morning. Hallelujah. Well, I don't feel a whole bunch. Just take him at his word. Just say, "Lord, I believe it." Amen. You think the woman with the blood issue, I got to get to him. M you think I don't know how she felt but she would have felt pretty weak in her body. She had that blood issue a long time. I've just got to touch the hem of his garment. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And he's present. His garment is He's present. You can touch him by the feeling of your infirmity. Yes. Amen. Is that not right? That's what the Bible tells us. Hallelujah. She walked into the realms of the presence of God. Here you are sitting in that realm. She had faith. The doctors had done all they could do. So, she followed God's instructions and was totally delivered. Hallelujah. The disciples had total deliverance. Absolutely total deliverance. Who's one of Jesus' disciples today? Hallelujah. Amen. The same God back there is present. The same things they believe, we believe. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah. Why? So, absolutely total deliverance. Why? Because they were totally uh they were completely and totally filled with the Holy Ghost. when you can um when you just a church member and shook the pastor's hand or some had some kind of little experience like jumping, shouting or speaking in tongues or something or another and still have malice in your heart, act strange, telling lies, smoking cigarette, lusting after woman, that's there's something that hasn't happened yet. There's something wrong. For he that loves the world or the things of the world, the love of God's not in him, you've been misled. By their fruits you shall know them. You say, "Well, how'd they have total deliverance?" Because they were totally filled with the Holy Ghost. Because whenever the enemy came in or there was something in their life that God put a finger on, then they could give that to God and the overcoming power was in them to defeat that enemy. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You just take the You just take the children of Israel coming to the promised land. That's like brother Bram says, when you first when you first receive the Holy Ghost, it's like the size of a white button and then it grows in your life. So they cross the, you know, that they cross Jordan and God comes down as the captain of the host. I've come to take over this battle. I'm not for you or against you. I've come to take over. I'm in charge of this fight. And then he puts a finger on Jericho. You know that problem you have now. We're going to crush that. Hallelujah. Then they go to AI and they go to different places. Why? Cuz God puts a finger. This has happened. Now you got to deal with this in your life. And there's this and there's this and there's this. And they went and they came and they saw and they conquered. Hallelujah. They not only just conquered, they set up residence. Amen. For the Yo, there's a flag flown high from the castle of my heart. Amen. Because the king is in residence here. Hallelujah. Glory to God. I'm so glad that's true. Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Romans 12:1. Aren't you glad we're in victory? Aren't you glad this is a walk of conquest? Amen. Hallelujah. You're being overcome more and more. Amen. Hallelujah. Now Romans 12:1 I beseech so I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that ye present your bodies a living sacrifice holy acceptable unto God which is your reasonable service. Now this is what Paul calls us to do. Present your bodies a living sacrifice. So that's all of you. That's not part of you. It's not put your fingers in the flame or put your arm in there or maybe h have your feet stuck out or your head. The whole thing you got to all be on the altar. Amen. And this word reasonable, it just actually means rational, which is actually it's uh it it's actually from the word where it's logical. This is your logical service. This is what you really should just do because it makes sense because you can't overcome yourself. You can't overcome. You cannot overcome anything in your own ability. That's why you got to place yourself. You say, "Well, I've been a Christian a lot." I mean, I mean, yo, you know, for many years, well, there comes a time, it's like Elijah, I think I talked about last Sunday, he rebuilt the altar. He repaired the altar of the Lord. So, he put the stones, and we know a stone is a revelation, right? Stones a revelation. So he took the revelation of the word, put it in its right order. Then he put the wood down. Then the sacrifice went on top. And it's like you faith cometh by hearing and hearing the word of God. You begin to hear the word and revelation begins to sink into your heart. An altar is being formed. But then that's not the end of it. Now you've got to climb up on that altar. Amen. And you've got to die. That's what you've got to do. And because there's always, you know, there there's always a change in a Christian walk where you come in, hear the word, you rejoice, you're so glad, but then there comes a bit of fear and intrepidation, but now I have to die. But this is so glorious. The Lord has descended. Amen. His word has come open. You know, he's told me I'm his bride. Yeah, but now you got to die. Yeah, that's right. Hallelujah. The altar's been rebuilt. There's no denominational stones. No, no tool of man has come upon this altar. This has been rebuilt. Oh, it's such a glorious thing. You mean the faith of our fathers was here? Yes, it was. Hallelujah. But now you've got to die. Oh, this is different. And this is probably a bit different this morning. But you got to die upon the altar. Amen. A sacrifice has to be offered. Amen. A sacrifice has to be offered. And you are the sacrifice. Yep. And if you do not, well, I'll just put half myself on there. Well, then that's not a whole sacrifice. You have to present your bodies as a living sacrifice. Well, how can I be dead and alive at the same time? You become dead because what you want is not even second place in your life. Amen. It's not a this this walk is not a democracy. You and God, oh, public opinion's changed. you know, I feel, you know, I got this new legislation, God, I feel I can do this now. That's, oh, let's vote on it. No, it doesn't work that way. God is king. He's decreed things. And so, if your will is contrary to his will, there's something wrong. And it's not with his will. It's your will. Well, how do I get rid of it? Let it die. Put it upon the altar. Hallelujah. Brother Ram says in the token he said we're not come together to talk about the message. We have come together to get in the message and the message is Christ. He is the word. That's right. We're called to get into it. Get beneath it. Yes, sir. That's what we're supposed to do. He was not responsible for any persons out from under the blood. Not one. No matter who he was, he was not responsible. All that had uh all had to take not only himself but his whole family. They're only safe when the token was displayed. Now we know the token today is the Holy Ghost. You must have the token. You must have the Holy Ghost in your life in your soul. Amen. And you must get your children under that token as well. Amen. Maybe we'll go into that in some other services. You must come under this token, God's Holy Spirit. And it displays to you Jesus Christ because it comes and lives in you. As I said last night up in New uh up in New York, one of the messages I told you that if Shakespeare lived in me, I'd do the works of Shakespeare. I couldn't help it. I'm no more myself. I'm dead. Shakespeare and I can't live together in here. Right? Shakespeare was a poet. I'm a minister. We can't live together. But if I am dead to myself then and Shakespeare lives in me, the works of Shakespeare I'll do, the life of Shakespeare in me will be lived out like Shakespeare. If the life of Beth Hovind was in me, I'd be Beth Hovind. If the life of do John Dillinger lived in me, I'd be John Dillinger. That's right. And if the life of Jesus Christ lives in the person, they become identified with him. It's Christ in you. Not a church member, not a system, but a resurrected power. It's the Holy Ghost as a token upon you that your life says amen to every scripture. The promise is written in there and you're not yourself no more. You are Christs. You don't think your thoughts. You don't think your thoughts. You say, "I think." You have no thought coming. The life that was in Christ is in you. The mind that was in Christ is in you. The works that was in Christ is in you. Christ himself is in you. You are dead and your life is hid in Christ through God. Sealed in there by the Holy Ghost. You're not your own. Amen. Amen. So, so he Jesus and you can't live in the same house together. If you're living, he's not living. But if he's living, you're not living. Hallelujah. Amen. Who wants to see him live? Amen. Who wants to see him live? Amen. Hallelujah. So, we have to be dead and our lives hidden Christ through God. And we have the power, God has given, released the power that we can be dead. That's right. Amen. There's a big difference as I said between a sacrifice being dead and being wounded. We don't just want to get wounded. Just get convicted and then be stirred up and then go back into our old selves. We want to be convinced and then we want to be brother Kyra Digs preach a sermon collision and impact where we can be impacted. We can have a collision with something and then your life is irreversibly changed because the impact of the collision. But then what happened when Christ you you had a collision with him? What happened with that impact? Hallelujah. You see someone who's unfortunately been in a car crash, a bad one. They can't they can't move like they used to move. They probably can't eat the same food they used to. They think that you maybe even their mental faculties can be damaged because they were in an impact. Yeah. They were collided with something, right? And it's the same thing with us. What happened with when when God impacted your life? Yeah. Amen. Do you walk different? Do you talk different? Do you think different? Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I trust you do. Yes. Amen. How dead are you? Galatians 2:20. I am crucified with Christ. Yeah. Nevertheless, I live yet not I but Christ liveth in me. And the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. So he says, I am crucified. Have you seen imagine you would have seen a picture of someone being crucified? They're pinned to a tree, pinned to a piece of wood. They can't move. They're pinned up there. They're dead after a while. And so if our lives are crucified, then our old nature can't live anymore. And don't try and resurrect that guy. Don't try and resuscitate him. Keep him dead. Keep him pinned up on that cross. Whatever you do, so he says it. So the faith, the life I now live in the flesh, I live by the faith of the son of God. So to live by the faith of the son of God is not human faith, but it's it's God's faith in you. And he lives God lives by his word, right? So it's not many people can quote that scripture, but you know, it's got to be more than just quoting a scripture. The life I now live, I live by the faith of the son of God. Well, what does that mean? That means you have his you live what his word says, right? But it's not you living it, it's him in you. Amen. That's why that's why it's not hard for me to never wear shorts again. It's not hard. It's not hard. It's not hard for me never to drink again. It's not hard for me never to listen to rock and roll music again. It's not hard for me never to go to the movies again. I could keep going down the list, but it's not hard for me to to to not do those things again because I died. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm not in bondage to those things anymore because I died. I didn't have to say thou shalt, thou shalt not. And you know, how can I how can I arrange my life to keep those things from me? Some people do. That's right. You don't That's not being dead. That's right. You got to be dead. You got to be dead to those things where the desire is gone. Oh, God can't do that. Oh, yes, sir, he can. Yes, he can. Yes, sir, he can. Hallelujah. I've seen it happen. I've experienced it. Glory to God. Amen. Because if that desire is in you, that means you're still alive. [Music] I'm so glad. Now, brother Rab says, "In perfect strength and perfect weakness, it'll never be until every person that professes to be a Christian will forget their own ability and yield himself to God." You know what it is to yield to someone? You know what that means? To let them have control. Yeah. That what it means. Let them have control. Don't struggle. Don't fight it. Let them have control. Right? See, then God can achieve his purpose by sending not a revival, but brother, what we need to do first is send a killing. That's right. So we can revive. We have to die. You have to die before you can be born again. He needs a killing. This tabernacle needs a killing and me with it. Here's the prophet of God. This is in 1961. He says, "I need a killing, too." If we want a revival, brother, you know, we are living, do we all know we're living in the time of the bride's revival? Amen. Where this is not a denominational revival of every 3 years and it dies down, but we're living in an era of continuous revival. Where there's an awakening of a people. Yes. Hallelujah. So, but Brother Bram says, you've got to keep the spirit of revival around you. You can't just get all cold and starchy and well now this is how it is and this is how we do church and you know forget the yeah I know there's church order but don't get all set in our ways. We don't want to be set in our ways. We should be Lord I want more of you and more of you means less of me. So he says the tabernacle needs a killing in me with it. And I'm putting myself here. Absolutely. All of us. We need a killing so that we can be revived in a new life, a new hope, a new hope, a new experience. First, we need a day of mourning. We need a place of yielding to the spirit. And instead of so much depending upon schooling and upon our programs and on our campaigns and all that we have, we rely upon cooperation with so many different ministers to cooperate. We are we allow so many if we can't get so many then we won't we won't go to the cities without that. And then when we do that, we are making it into a great big machine that's got a carbon knock in it. See, we've got to get away from that from human ability. And we've got to get to a place where we can surrender our souls and lives even to the housewife to the farmer to the mechanic or whatever you are we are. We've got to re surrender completely to God and know that we are nothing. Then let God start from there. Then he starts moving working and that includes all of us, everyone. The thing we've got to do. Amen. is that history proves it. History proves it that God always chose the nobodies to become his somebody's. God takes the person that's nothing. Amen. There's got to be a killing and may it start with me. Amen. And me. Amen. This is not a pitchfork sermon. No. Give it to someone else. I hope they get this. I hope they receive this. I hope they No. This is not a pitchfork sermon. It should be, "Lord, here's my plate. Yes. Fill up my cup. It's this big. Fill it up, Lord. Hallelujah. May there be a killing. Start with me. Amen. Because remember Samson, they didn't see. Those Philistines didn't see. We go back to that scene. They were all having fun. They made Mary, they were making fun of him. They didn't see the see the tears begin to run down his face out of those socket those eyeless sockets. And he begin to cry, "Once more, Lord. once more that I can die with my enemy. Hallelujah. And he be to cry out once more, avenge my blindness. Sin is blinding. Avenge my blindness. And brother Brandon says upon these denominations, give me strength, oh Lord, to shake this denominational world. Hallelujah. And he began to pray once more, may I die with this enemy. When he died, that cycle of war that he was in ended. Hallelujah. Amen. He didn't have to fight the Philistines again. There wasn't a con, you know, a battle between them and him anymore. When he died, that died. Amen. Hallelujah. And so when he died, he got the victory. Amen. And it's the same thing with us. We can't just sit back. You know, if God says we can be on fire for him, I want to be on fire. I do not want to be lukewarm. I do not want to be indifferent. I do not want to become cold, starch, and indifferent. Amen. Because you say, "Well, that'll never happen to me." Don't even sit back on your laurels and what you used to do in yesterday year. What about today? What about today? Amen. You say, "Well, I've never experienced things like that." People are afraid to just actually let God have control. That's right. Do you know that people are actually afraid to actually let God have his way? You know, sometimes I'm standing here and my mind's here and whatever's coming out of here is not what I'm thinking. Amen. Hallelujah. That's called letting him have his way. Amen. And I'm not saying that, oh, look at me. No, we can do that with if you're singing, if you're praying, if you're playing, if you're in the back, if you're at the in the Sunday school teaching, if you're at home, if you're at work, wherever you may be, God can just take a vessel. Amen. And use it for his glory. Hallelujah. And that's how it should be. You say, "Well, I don't know what'll happen." Let him have his way. You know, all the modern music, you know, there's a l there's a radio on the lab. It's all about give you my heart. I lost my mind and I lost myself and you know, take come and take control. And what is that? The devil's saying give me you. Give me your soul. I will take you. That's what it's saying. It's calling people to do it. It's not just entertainment. It's a religion. They're having church on the radio. Come and take control. I'll lose my mind. I lost myself. or what do you know? That's what they sing about virtually all of it. And they sing to some great spirit in the sky. I don't want to sing to the prince of the power of the air. I don't want to sing to some darkness. Amen. God didn't make us to serve the devil. Think about it. You know, this is the whole world's engineered this way. Give give your heart to me. You know, that's what they sing about. Well, why are they singing that? Because if people open themselves up Yeah. the spirit that's traveling on that music comes into them. Yeah. And it begins to manifest what they're singing. So the inspiration that anoints the musician to begin with manifests in the people. Hallelujah. It's exactly what happens. And so now if that's on the darkness side and it's such a greater ramp up of those things, how much more it should be on God's side. Amen. Amen. Oh, that's crazy to be go lose control of body and soul. There's a used to be a song like that. I say it should be that way on God's side. lose control of body and soul. Hallelujah. Let him have his way. Don't be afraid. Amen. Just let go. Let go and let God. Amen. Just die upon the altar. Amen. Pride is forget the pride. Forget what people will think of you. What will heaven think of you? Amen. Who are you trying to please? This is not like Britain's Got Talent or whatever. They hold, you know, they have a judging panel and I'll give you a nine or a 10 or whatever. they say or you're rubbish. You know, who cares what man says? We walk before who's our God? Who's our God? Is it your family or your next door neighbor or your work colleague or you know, do you walk before them? Are they going to save you? No, they won't save you. Well, you say that sounds ridiculous. But sometimes we how we conduct ourselves in front of other people is because we're intimidated by what they will think. Who can and we want to please them to fit in. I don't want to fit in here. I want to fit in heaven. How about you? Oh, but pride keeps us from from actually, you know, I'm I'm so convicted. Brother Bram said in one of the family alter books, he says, you know, we're afraid to testify on the job. He says it's pride. Amen. I thought, my God, help me. That's true. He says it's pride. That's pride stops us from doing things cuz we're worried about what they'll think of us and if they say negative things. Yeah. I remember when I first met the Lord, I didn't care. I just told people they didn't. And there was not a great big glory revival at the university. I prayed there would be. You know, I thought everyone everyone will know him cuz he's alive. I trust you've had that experience. Think how could people not doubt? He's lifted himself out of history. The things he promises in here, he does. Hallelujah. Not just on tape 50 years ago, but today. Hallelujah. You know, the same God that spoke through the messenger is present. You think, "My goodness, how could people not receive this and rejoice?" And you come and talk to them even about things like water. These are Christian people. Talk about water baptism. Oh, why? It's crazy. You don't have to get baptized and in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. No, you know, simple things. Brother says, "You don't even need a revelation on baptism. It's there in the word. You read through all the scripture on baptism. The conclusion is Lord Jesus Christ. What is the name of the father, son, holy ghost? Is father a name? No. Son? No. Holy ghost? No. That's not a name. It's what it is. What's the one name? Lord Jesus Christ. But would people rejoice in that? And no. I thought, man, essencier people surely maybe the delivery, you know, maybe the salesman needed some training. I probably, but you know, man, but then you come down along the way and if you're uh if you're not careful, you think, well, I'm going to be careful what I say now. Yeah, that's right. Don't be, you know, there's wisdom. Sure, there's wisdom. But if they reject it, they reject it. If they accept it, glory. If they if they don't, well, well, hey, it's up to them. You got to deliver it in the right way, of course, with wisdom. But he said, you know, he said it's pride. I thought, Lord, I don't want to be proud. Because God resists the proud. God is not a respective person. You say, well, I'm the bride of Christ. Ah, he's not a respector of person. He'll actually deal with you more harshly than someone in the world who has the same amount of pride. Hallelujah. So he begins to cry out. He says, "Oh God, if the body of Christ would stand as one." Now remember, you say, "Well, I believe the message." You're not immune from these things. You got to stay dead. The Apostle Paul stayed dead. When he says, "I die daily," he did. Yes. Amen. He He overcame everything because it wasn't him living anymore. When he says it's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me, it wasn't just I'll think of some nice word, you know, that they can they can post on Facebook or Instagram 2,000 years later in a positive scripture, he was saying something that's it was a reality to him. I'm not alive anymore, that old man. Amen. And I was on the road to Damascus one day and the old guy didn't get all the way to Damascus. He met a he met a supernatural being that I found was the God of of the Old Testament. His name is now Jesus. Amen. And I'm no longer alive anymore. Hallelujah. He had a killing. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And he turned the world upside down. Amen. You say, "Well, I may You say, but I'm not a messenger to the age, but you're still the bride of Christ." Amen. Your favorite preacher will probably never go to your job site. Amen. Your favorite, you know, musicians or whatever, they'll probably never go where you live or your school or, you know, Brother Brandon will never walk into your school and talk to your friends or to your, you know, I mean, physically, you say, "Well, he's going to resurrect with the rest of them." Yeah, but when he does, mercyy's done. So that So even if he didn't talk to them, well, mercy is done anyway. I mean, now when mercy is still on, you following me? God needs to use you. That's right. Yeah. Amen. your favorite preacher from the other side of the world. He's not going to come and walk in your job site and do all the witnessing for you. Amen. Amen. It is you. And it and we when it's us overcoming, it's not, you know. Yes. Amen. The worship your favorite preacher, you know, we don't just overcome when your favorite preacher screaming in your ears through some earbuds or your or you're listening to your favorite worship music. That's not when we're overcoming being victorious. It's all the time. It should be all the time. When everything is when there's not even a Bible close to you, not even a message book close to you, not even YouTube or whatever you stream from close to you, you should be overcoming. Amen. Amen. Hey, if the apostles did it without the internet, we can do it with Amen. They didn't need Wi-Fi. I'm sorry I can't preach to you today. Here comes the Apostle Paul. Do you have Wi-Fi in this building? Huh? I can't. I've got to go. Oh, the Lord's called me somewhere else. It wasn't that way. They're sitting there in the, you know, Paul and Silas, there, you know, they're there. Remember, they were dead. They weren't bothered. They were in prison. They were dead. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And they and they were sitting there. They just been beaten. They th in prison. They didn't say, "Hey, hey, Paul, did you keep your cell phone on you? I'm this may No, I'm saying these things because sometimes we depend. I need this. If I have this, I'm listening to this, then I could be rejoicing. It shouldn't be that way only." That's right. Sure, you should listen. But when when when when when the rubber hits the road or whatever, you know, when it all comes down, when the chips are down, whatever the saying is, what's causing you to overcome? Is there a life in here? That's right. Is there a life in here that brings forth his word? Amen. That changes the atmosphere in the place, or is it because you're depending upon something else? So Paul and Silas, they didn't say, "Hey, do you have W? Is there Wi-Fi in this, you know, in this in this prison? I need to put on my favorite worship band so we can sing. Then the then God can come and shake the place. No, they didn't have anything like that. They begin to sing. They begin to pray. They were going to give glory to God. They were dead. Hallelujah. They were free. And God came down. Amen. Amen. May not have been I don't know how long it took them when they sing, but you know, you know when you get to sing and you get to think about the Lord, time just becomes no more. You're not you're not in any hurry. You're not too worried. You're just having a good time to yourself. Hallelujah. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. And then God came down. Amen. Now he says, so I should read this. He says, now we don't need just a little. This is what he says in and once more Lord in Chicago. We don't need just a little. Lord, forgive me and Jim and Joe and all of us. Amen. We need a sincere cleaning up from the pull pit to the janitor. Yes. They never noticed the tears running down from them sockets where he once had eyes. They never noticed the moving of his lips. Speak of Samson. His eyes brimmy tears streaming down from the sockets. He wanted God to make his word once more vindicated to prove. As I say to this Delila today, or the Samson rather, Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. Once more, he thought if it would happen, not a new denomination, not a new sectarian, but a vindicated word from you, God. I know you're still God. I'm blind. I've got off the track. I'm not worthy to live. Let me die with this enemy. You raised me up to destroy it. Hallelujah. You've been raised up. You've been raised up to destroy your enemy. You understand? You have been made in a certain way that you can overcome yourself. Amen. You've been made in a certain way that you can die on God's altar. You've been made that way. Amen. You've been built that way. You made that way from the foundation of the world. So, you raised up. Hallelujah. You're raised up to defeat this carnal flesh. Amen. By this, by can do all things through Jesus Christ who strengthens me. So, that means I have been raised up to defeat this guy. Amen. Hallelujah. And don't don't build a big wall of quotes and scriptures to to just validate some kind of wishy-washy, you know, and you know, compromise kind of walk. Oh, it's all grace. I wish I could I I might just plaster it up on the wall here. The definition of grace, especially the divine influence upon the heart. That's what grace grace is. Amen. Amen. I'm going to I'm just going to read it to you. It's a go to the New Testament. Just just read it. Maybe I'm wasting my time, but anyway, we'll see if this works. I'm glad we have technology like this. Hope you don't mind silence. I don't have Wi-Fi. I'll try it on here. Praise the Lord. But if you go, you see that grace is not just I can live any life I want to. That's not real grace. We forget sometimes God says I'll not always strive with man. He says in the days of Noah he said I will not always strive with man. Grace this is from 2 Timothy chapter 1. From the definition it means graciousness as in gratifying a manner or act abstract or contract literal figurative or spiritual especially the divine influence upon the heart and its reflection in the life. Definition of grace. Glory to God. Amen. So has his grace. That's why he says grace be unto you. Paul's writing grace be unto you. Amen. He's saying may may the grace of God influence may there be a divine influence upon your heart and it may be reflected in your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So that's why people say, "Yeah, but we're under grace." Well, what kind of grace you under? I'm under the grace of God. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm so glad that's the case. I'm under the grace of God. I'm not living under human grace. You know, God doesn't just turn a blind eye. You know, you can you can live whatever way you want. As I said in the beginning, do you make Jesus feel comfortable? If you make him feel uncomfortable in your life, well, then there's something wrong. You're not dead. Amen. So, when you get dressed in the morning, do what you wear doesn't make him feel comfortable. Would he wear that same kind of thing? Amen. Yep. what you listen to. You got to be careful the music. Oh dear. Oh, I you know this modern stuff. A lot of it as you just go through a shredding machine. Yeah. Amen. Amen. What? You know, can you see Jesus standing in one of those big places? If we had a light system like they doing smoke screens and stuff, if I came here and saw this, I would never come back. I would never come into a place like that. I'd say, would God come into a place like that? Could you imagine Brandom Tabernacle being like that? Amen. I'm just just just think about it. Jesus would feel uncomfortable in that kind of place. You know, you go into a place, you feel the well, I haven't done it for years, but you know, when you used to in the world, you go to concerts or you go to the pub or something or, you know, and the base of the place, you feel it, it it beats your heart for you, right? You know, that's in that's in churches. Would Jesus feel comfortable in there? You know, I remember this is when I was at uni and I had to get some money out one night. I was in the library. Had to get some money out because we're going on to youth camp. I needed to get the money for the fees down in Christ Church and I went to So, if you ever been to Canbury University, there's the main library and then there's an ATM kind of across at the registry building. I was going to go to that ATM, but it was down. The next ATM I knew of was round by uh the students association building where the pub was, which I virtually lived at more than anywhere else before I met the Lord. There's a big big bunch of tall trees around campus and it blocks a lot of noise. So I'm walking around where you can't hear anything cuz you know cuz it's like a Wednesday or Thursday night. So the place is full and you can't hear any of the noise. But when you walk around past one of the buildings, past these trees, then you hear just the noise of the place. And then something said in and so the ATM I would have used is right by the front door of that place. That's where I was going to go. Okay. So as soon as I heard the noise of the place, something in me said, I do not want to go there. Yeah. It wasn't you don't want to go there. I was free. I was just going to walk there. I have no there there's nothing in me that pulls towards that stuff anymore. But the Lord said to me, I do not want to go there. He didn't say you don't want to go there. I don't want to go. Yeah. Like, Lord, okay, we're not going. I'll get the money another time somewhere else. Amen. Remember, we Jesus when he came to be baptized, what did John say? Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. And then the spirit of God descended upon him like a dove. You ever listen to the sermon of the church in its condition with the lamb and the dove? You have you listened to those recently? Amen. And he says, brother Bram says that those two animals have the same kind of nature. And if Jesus was a wolf, a dove will never come land upon a wolf. And he says, the problem with us is we have we're born with a wolf nature. And that wolf nature, if we if we allow it, can come back alive. And then so the spirit of God will now take its flight. Amen. He says in Ephesians 4:30, "Grieve ye not the Holy Spirit whereby you're sealed into the day of your redemption." Amen. Who knows that scripture? So, so if Paul's instructing the Ephesians, do not grieve him, that means you can. Amen. That's right. Well, then how do you h Well, how can you grieve him? The old man that was crucified comes back alive again. Amen. And then so it's not a lamb nature anymore. Well, you're back in the house. He takes his flight. Amen. You got to be we got to be you say but he's the almighty all powerful God but he shows himself in that way. Amen. So we really you got to be you got to look you can't just blast in anywhere do whatever you want. You got to be sensitive to him. Lord is this pleasing to you? You know it's a rel you know it's a relationship e it's not rules and regulations. It should be Lord is this pleasing to you? Because we can't we can't actually say no. Hey Jesus, I'm sick of this. I want to do this. Oh, sure. Sure, dear. Okay, we'll go. It doesn't work that way. He just takes his flight. He waits for you. And then finally, you come to that place where it's like, what is wrong with me and you realize, oh, I'm alive. You have to die. Amen. I'm not saying it's a joke. You literally have to die. You cannot resurrect yourself. Amen. Amen. that because it's always the battle. You got to die daily. Reckon yourself dead. If we have the mind of Christ, we do not have the mind we once had. Amen. So our thinking and everything, you know, our thinking and what our affections and everything cannot be what they once were. Yes. That's right. Amen. Because of because if they still are that way, then something is wrong. Right. What has to happen? You got to die. Yeah, Samson. You say, "Well, I'll never end up like Samson did." I say you will if you are not totally dead. Yes. Amen. We battle and we battle. And sometimes there's two things. Sometimes you just got to bypass the enemy and leave him alone and walk on and reckon that you are dead and he is defeated. Right? Because I was very conscious of this sermon because you think, well, what if you get it in the people's minds that they just in this constant cycle? Am I dead enough? Am I dead enough? Am I dead enough? Am I dead enough? I got to die, die, die, die. And there and they already are dead. If you're dead, reckon yourself dead and walk on. Right. Yeah. But if you're not dead, then you need to die. It's very simple. Amen. He says, "Now, let me die with this enemy. You raised me up to destroy it, but I failed you, Lord. But there's a possibility you'd hear me once more, Lord. Once more. In dead earnestly prayed, he knowed what was coming. He knew he was going to die. Lord, just let this once more. Once more, let me see Jesus Christ as he was yesterday. When he prayed that prayer, tears roll, tears rolling down his cheeks, pardon me, with deep sincerity of confession. That's what the church needs. Confess you're wrong. Don't care what Dr. Jones says or what anybody else says. If you're out of the word of God, confess it that you're wrong. It's a way where you got to start. Cry out once more, Lord. Once more. Once more, Lord. Once more. Avenge my blindness upon these denominations. Give me strength, Lord, to shake this denominational world with your vindication. Give me strength, Lord, once more. Prove it. He knew what was going to happen if his prayer was answered. He knew dead earnest crying once more, Lord. And while he was praying and making his honest confession, every fiber in his body begin to vibrate. Oh God, if the body of Christ would stand as one and every fiber and every member begin to vibrate with the literal baptism of the Holy Ghost again. I like those words. Literal baptism of the Holy Ghost again, not with new members and shaking hands in some creed. As the strength begin to move into those big muscles, every fiber begin to twist. He begin to feel himself again as he twisted out. And when he did, the big wall fell. All we need to do today is to see these denominational walls fall is get deeply sincere before God to heal these blinded eyes that's been blinded from the word of God. You know, denominational things affect us. Amen. You know, we've all been affected in some measure by denominational teaching. We all have. And it can be it can be straight into message realms. A denominational spirit can try and come into message realms. Or you can just come out straight out of a denominational church. You know that's true. So he's saying once more push these things down. Amen. Now, that was Samson's greatest victory he ever had because he was willing to confess over every enemy first that he was brought up to destroy. He says, "Oh, Pentecost, stand at your post this afternoon. Your post of duty of God's word, repent and cry out loud once, Lord God, once more. Let me tell you something. You'd better destroy your enemy before your enemy destroys you." Amen. Well, you say, "How can myself destroy myself?" Well, very easy. You just sit back. I'm just going to continue wandering along. I don't die. I don't fully give myself to him because you'll be stuck here. This is I know we're not all shouting rejoicing, glory. We're happy. But we're called to take a rapture. Amen. Amen. But we're not just going to get on on easy street. Right. Right. We're not. Or you say, "Well, now you're bringing your own ability into it." Well, if my ability is yielding myself and being dead and crying out for more of God, then I want to use that ability. Amen. If I have a if if I have a sincere desire, Lord, live in me. Yes. Amen. I've come to take over. The Lord says, "Well, Lord, take over." Amen. Every fiber, everything that I am. Amen. Leave not one stone unturned in my life. Amen. If that is the case, I say, "Lord, do it." Amen. Amen. Renovate me. Change my life. I want to walk like the apostles walked and even greater because I'm going to be alive and remain. I want to live out that scripture. Amen. God takes you. God takes if you if that is your will. Then that's not a bad thing, is it? You following me? So you'd better destroy your enemy before he destroys you. You say, "Well, this thing has been waring against me for decades." You die, it'll be dead. Hallelujah. Amen. Stop trying to say, "The Lord rebuke thee. I curse you, foul devil, in the name of Jesus Christ. You're, you know, get out of here and all these things." Just die. Amen. Amen. You just need to die. Amen. He that is dead is freed from sin. Amen. Leave it. Leave it quickly. Return back to the word of the Lord. Away from this Hollywood showmanship. Turn your whole heart back to the word of God. Turn back to the power of God. He says, "You women dress like women, you men act like men, like sons and daughters of God. Turn from this Jezebel system that's choking you and blinding you. God, help us to have a true repentance. Not half-heartedly. You can't do it." Now, I think today at this very moment when my time is up, we should stand to our feet and cry our hands in the air, Lord, once more. Once more, Lord, I once more. Let's stand. Everybody that's willing to see a revival, that's ready to die to this Hollywood showmanship. Everybody that's ready to die, to see the power of God come to Zion, then with joy and all his holy mountains, nothing hurt or shall destroy. Let's raise our hands and cry once more, Lord, once more. Send the Holy Spirit like a rushing mighty wind, like you did in the day of Pentecost. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, I'll pose a question. Are you dead? I finished preaching. Are you dead? Have you really died? Amen. I mean I mean I'm not asking have you come up forward and being prayed for. That's not what I'm talking about. Have you really died? Have you died with your enemy? If you're not, you're not free. Oh, but Jesus makes me free. But you have to die. Amen. We can't. This time has run out. We've come to the end of all things. Right. And that's not the boy who cried wolf. Amen. It's reality. We're at the end of the end. Yeah. I was listening. I can't remember what message it was, but brother, he always says it's later than you think. Amen. It's right at the doors. And that was 50 odd years ago. He says it's later than you think. The world's not just going to continue on. Lord have mercy. We're not going to Some of us won't grow old. Some of us won't. Yeah. I'm not expecting to end up into in a retirement village. Time has come to an end. Amen. Prophecy, the wheels of prophecy are grinding on. Hallelujah. So if that is the case, what are we doing? Amen. Are we dead? God will take dead people to heaven who are dead to themselves and their own ability. You say, "I don't know how to die." Say, "Lord, take my what I want." Amen. Take that and take it away from me. Oh, Jesus. Yes. take what I selfishly want in my own self and just take it from me. Kill it out of me, God. Amen. Thy will be done on earth as is in heaven. Amen. Hallelujah. That's how it should be. I hardly know what to do. Let's stand to our feet. Let's sincerely pray. We don't need music just now, but when you feel to come musicians, that's fine. Let's all bow our heads and let's all pray together. You need to talk. Samson prayed himself. He didn't wait for someone else to pray for him. Once more, Lord. Once more. Oh God, we pray. Lord, gracious heavenly father. Lord, we come to you with great sincerity in this day. Lord, forgive me if I'm Lord, if the people would think that we're just trying to Lord, just put something heavy on them to break them up in some way. But Lord, I pray once more, Lord Jesus, that we would be dead upon your altar. Lord God, that we wouldn't wrigle off it in any way, Father, but our whole self, all of our being, Lord. Everything we do and we think and all of our heart, Lord, every part of us would be upon your altar, Lord. Father, we'd feel the firefall. Oh, God. You consume our offering. Lord Jesus, once more, oh God. Father, once more, Lord. We want to die with our enemy. We know it'll cost us greatly, but Lord, we're so glad we can die, Lord. We're sick of this, Lord. going around the mountain wrestling against things, oh God, Father, from our wrestling with our past and complexes and pains and hurts, oh God, that we want to be free from sin, Lord. Help us all to die once more, oh God, once more. Lord, may we be dead earnest, I pray, Father, may you fall among us this morning, Lord Jesus. Lord, may we just, Father, forget about ourselves. Lord, we are not our own. We're bought with a price. Oh God, may you just have your way once more, Lord. Once more. Oh God, may we push down the enemy's temple. Father, may we die with our enemy, oh God. Lord Jesus, Father, may you grant it for your glory, Lord Jesus. Once more, Lord. Lord, I just want to commit every soul here into your hands. Father, you see the hearts. You see the ones who are wrestling. Lord, Lord, may they just give up and give it to you. May Lord God, Father, may it not be, Lord, just a wounding, but may it be a killing, Lord. We want to see a revival, Lord. A greater revival among us, Lord. We don't just want to get comfortable, Father, in what we have, but Lord, we want an awakening, Lord, the bride's revival, Lord. We see it happening around the world, but Lord, we don't want to be left behind in any way. Lord, we don't want to live below our privileges, oh God. Father, we want to walk with you as you want us to walk. Lord, we want to lay aside every weight and sin. Forgive us of our indifference. Lord, forgive us of our laziness. Lord, forgive us of our sins, our iniquities, our trespasses. Lord, cleanse us of every secret fault, oh God. Father, may you grant it for your glory. Lord, fill our way every day with love as we walk with the heavenly dove. Lord, may our old nature be dead. Lord, may we be crucified with you, oh God. Father, may we truly live out the life we now live as not I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me. Father, may you grant it for your glory. Lord, I want to commit us all into your hands. Lord, Lord, we don't want to become lukewarm. Lord, just a bit excited for a moment, but then cold the next and up and down and roundabout. But Lord, we want to be white hot, burning, Lord. Want to be, Lord, full of passion for you and love, Lord Jesus. May we just be a Lord just a burning unconsumable flame Lord that will burn on and burn on oh God. Father may you grant it for your glory Lord unclog every blockage in us Lord. Father may you grant it for your glory Lord Jesus. Father have your way. Father take all pride from us Lord. Father cleanse us of all unrighteousness. Father we have come to Calvary. Lord we've come to see you. Lord we've come to die with you. Oh God. Oh Lord Jesus, have your way. Hallelujah. Have your way among us, Lord. I pray for your glory, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Oh Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just let's just sing as the deer panth for the waterbrook. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, as the deer panteth for the water, so my soul longs after you. You alone are my heart's desire and I long to worship you. You alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit [Music] give. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You're my friend and you are my brother even though you are my king. I love you more than any other so much more than [Music] anything. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone does my spirit need. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. I love you more than gold or silver. Only you can set this fire. You alone are the real joy here at the air. All of my [Music] arms. Oh, you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone are my spirit. Yes, Lord. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. You are Lord. Oh you alone are my strength, my shield. To you alone with my spirit [Music] here. You alone are my heart desire and I long to worship you. Amen. Let's sing. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. I know we sung it this morning, but Amen. Oh Lord, your [Music] beautyful, your face is all I see. For when your eyes are on this child, your grace abounds through me. [Music] Oh Lord, defend the fire that [Music] wash and clear. Oh yes, Lord. Be the lamb of my first love that birth with holy [Music] fear. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are all this child, your grace abounds through me. [Music] Oh lordy man of fire. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh that burn bright and clear. Retrieve the lamb of my first love that burns with holy fear. Let's sing it one more time. Oh Lord, you're beautiful. Your face is all I see. For when your eyes are child, your grace abounds through me. I say this like a prayer. Oh lord, please stand the fire. Oh yes, that once burn bright and clear. Retrim the lamp of my first love that burns with whole. leave [Music] me. Hallelujah. Trust that's everyone's prayer this morning. Amen. Amen. Brother Andy, could you come close the service in a word of prayer? Amen. If anyone needs prayer, you're more than welcome to come forward. [Music] Amen. Let's just bow our [Music] hearts, Lord Jesus. Father, just thank you for the word. We believe you've spoken to us, Father, this morning, where we're at in time, Lord Jesus. Never let us get comfortable, Lord, and just sit back and Lord and just be, Lord, blessed by the blessing. that Lord, let us, Father, lay hold of our inheritance and walk in the privilege that we have. I pray, Father, that Lord, you would raise that standard. And I believe you've spoken a standard to us, Father. Let let Lord raise that standard from within us, Lord. For we desire, Lord, to be holy. We desire, Lord, to be fervent. We desire to be on fire. Lord Jesus, fan it, Father. We pray. We sing our prayer to you. Amen. Oh father, fan that fire in our hearts this morning, Lord Jesus. Fan the flame, Lord. Retrim the lamb. Yes, Lord. Oh God, refill with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Restore the joy of my salvation. Yes, Lord. Lord God and Father, may you just Lord, every day we die to you, die to ourselves so that we can live to you, Lord. Amen. Father, have mercy on us, Lord Jesus, as a people, Lord, and stir us up in faith. Stir us up in love, Lord. Just bring continual restoration as we die daily so that we can stay in the revival. You are the revival in our lives, Lord. You are the revival. You're our revival. Hallelujah. Lord, as long as we can stay dead, Lord Jesus, you can stay in us as the revival, reviving our hearts, Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Father, I pray Lord that these words would sink deep into our hearts. They would sink deep into our lives, Lord. That we would be so convicted by them, Lord. Hallelujah. That you would search our hearts, Lord Jesus. Amen. See if there be any wicked way in us, Lord Jesus. And Lord, shine your light, Lord. Your 100 billion trillion lumen light. Hallelujah. That great judgment that begins at the house of God. Let that light shine in every dark area of our lives, Lord. and let anything that would be hiding down there that would hinder our communication, Lord, that would hinder our communion with you, Lord. Father, let it all just come and dispel, Lord, as your light shines in our lives, Father. I pray, Lord, and ask, Lord, that you would just be merciful to us, Lord. And that these thoughts and these words that you would just send your Holy Spirit, Lord, and that Lord, you would mortify the deeds of this flesh, Father. Oh, Father, through your spirit, Lord, for it's not by might nor by power, but by your spirit, Father, we ask that your spirit would come. And Lord, just continue to wash us and cleanse us in the water of your word, Father. And just, Father, we just offer ourselves to you, a living sacrifice. We surrender everything to you, Lord. We give our lives to you wholeheartedly. Everything that we can think of, we surrender, Lord. And father, purge us from our secret faults and those things that we don't even know, Lord. Lord, Father, we depend on you, Lord Jesus. Lord, show us, Lord. Your way. Yes, Lord. Lord, lead us in your paths, show us, Lord. If there's anything in our lives, make it manifest by your light, Lord. Make it manifest, Lord Jesus. Show us, Lord. We depend on you, Father. Thank you, Lord. Bless this congregation, Lord. Bless your people. Let any hindering spirit be driven away. Amen. Let every mind, Lord Jesus, come under your subjection, Lord. Surrender to you completely, Lord. Father, we just love you and desire to be prisoners of your love. Amen. Lord, you are our king. You bought us with a price. You own us. You purchased us. And we want to spend every ounce of energy and life upon you. Lord, we thank you, Father, and may you just continue to rearrange our lives, search our hearts, Jesus, in the name of Jesus Christ, we thank you. Commit this congregation into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Get a song there. [Music] Hello. Heat. There is redeemer. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] There's a lamb that is nearer than me. And by faith we can see it aart. [Music] For the Father waits over the wind to prepare us a dwelling place there in the sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful [Music] shore in the [Music] sweet by and by. We shall on that beautiful hill. We shall sing on that beautiful truth. [Music] The melodious songs of the [Music] BL and our spirit shall sorrow. Lord, not a sight for the blessing of prayer in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet By and [Music] by we shall be on that beautiful show to our bound father above. We will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his [Music] love and the blessings that our day in the sweet by and We shall meet on that beautiful show in the sweet by and [Music] by we shall be on that beautiful and the sweet in the [Music] Sweet. By and by, we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet. By and [Music] by we shall be on that beautiful. [Music] Amen. God bless you [Music] friends name. [Music] Turn your eyes upon Jesus. He's in. Look for in his wonderful [Music] face. And the things of the earth will grow [Music] strange of his glory. [Music] Turn your eyes upon [Music] Jes in his wonderful faith. [Music] And the view of the world will walk [Music] straight in the light of his glory and [Music] grace. Turn your eyes. of all [Music] Jes in his wonderful face. [Music] And the things of the earth will grow strange. in the mind of his glory and [Music] praise the earth. Stay [Music] there. Temptations lose the power. When [Music] thou I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now. I come to thee, honey. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee. They [Music] thou temptations lose their power when thou are. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I'm leaning. Oh, bless me now. My savior. I come to the I need thee every hour. Enjoy your pain. Come quickly and abide. Oh life, I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to I need thee every hour. Teach me thy will and thy rich promises in thee fulfilled. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now. My saving. I come to thee. I need thee every most lonely one. Oh, make me thine indeed. Thou bless. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now, my savior. I come to thee. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. Every hour I need thee. Oh, bless me now. My savior, I come to [Music] [Music] thee. Mhm. [Music] Oh sweet Jesus take my life all is daily strike. You're the only thing I've ever done as right. [Music] I surrender now completely. Wrap your arms around me sweetly. And as I hear you softly sing, you are [Music] mine. Oh sweet Jesus, take my life. Oh flame, all the strife. You're the only only thing I ever done. That's right. [Music] I surrender completely. Wrap your arms around me sweetly as I feel. You stop listening. You are mine. [Music] you. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Who told the son where to stand in the [Music] Just be with me. It can only come this far. [Music] Where to hide? To leave. Those words alone can catch a falling [Music] star. I know my redeemer [Music] lives. I know my redeemer lives. that all creation testify. Let the life within me cry. I know my redeemer lives very single that spins things. He runs to the weary, the wall and the weak. And the same gentle hands that hold me when I'm broken, they conquer them to bring me victory. And I know my redeemer lives. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know. My redeemer. He He lives to take away my [Music] pain. And he lives forever. I proclaim that the payment for my sin was the precious life he gave. And now he's alive. There's an empty grave. Well, I know my redeemer lives. [Music] I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify. Let this life within me cry. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer. I know my redeemer lives. Let all creation testify lest this life would let me cry. I know my redeemer. [Music] The blood that Jesus shed for me. [Music] Way back [Music] on. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it [Music] power for it reaches to the highest [Music] mountain and it flows to the lowest. [Music] valley. Thank you, Lord. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. It s my [Music] and it calms my [Music] fears and it dries all my tears. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose its power. [Music] For it reaches to the highest mountain [Music] and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. [Music] [Laughter] before it reaches the highest mountain [Music] to your [Music]
