################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-08-25 - 200825  - Caught Up - Bro Eduan Naude - Eduan Naude.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2020-08-25
Title:    200825  - Caught Up - Bro Eduan Naude
Speaker:  Eduan Naude
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Prayer Meeting
Duration: 1h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RpqGNagqosg
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening Prayer Service Shekinah Tabernacle
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] God bless you, saints. I trust we're happy and blessed to be back in the Lord's house this evening. Amen. I just pray that we may that we can shake off the cold and just be able to rejoice together. We also just want to remember those who are not well tonight. And the Lord will just be with them when they're streaming. Amen. Father, I could just ask brother Ben to open for us in a word of prayer. In our midst tonight, Lord, touch every heart. I ask father as your word goes forth and we just grab a hold of it by faith Lord Jesus may you move on every life both here and those who are streaming father we have come that you awaken supernatural faith have your way in our midst lord we love you so much we commit the service into your hands asking you and anoint brother Ken the musicians Lord anoint brother Ed as he brings your word and father we have a time of prayer may you anoint our prayers Lord may be you praying through us worshiping through us for your glory in Jesus Christ's name amen Amen. Thank you, brother Ben. Amen. Let's just sing. He has made me glad. I will enter his gates with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his court with praise. I will say this is the day that the Lord has made. I will rejoice for he has made for he has made me. He has made me glad. He has made me. I will rejoice for he has made me. For he has made me. He has made me. For he has made me. I will rejoice for he. Oh, I will enter. I will enter his death with blessing in my heart. I will enter his for. I will say I will say since the day that the Lord has made I rejoice for he has made me. Oh, for he has made me He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice. For he has made me glad. Oh, he has made me He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me. Oh, he has made me He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for He has made me glad. Oh, he has made me. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for Let's sing verse one again. I will enter. I will enter his place with thanksgiving in my heart. I will enter his courtship. I will say I will say since the day that the Lord has made I will rejoice for he has because he has me. He has made me glad. He has made me glad. I will rejoice for he has made me glad. Oh he has made me. He has made me glad. Oh he has made me. I rejoice for he has been dead at the cross. At the cross at the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart away. I receive my standing [Music] my [Music] sorrow. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Sacrifice and my heart [Music] I see my heart [Music] [Applause] [Music] amazing [Music] and love Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my gosh, [Applause] [Music] his glory. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] It was my faith. I receive my son and now I am happy. [Music] My heart my face cross is all my heart my oh at the cross at the cross at the cross where I away. [Music] I receive my [Music] name. The cross of peace can make the day of my own here. Lord, I give myself away. All that I [Music] sacrif Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I receive my s. [Music] Oh, sacrifice. [Music] [Applause] [Music] And by the oh in the sea in the sea by and by we shall meet shall we on that beautiful sha [Music] by and by [Music] we shall be on that beautiful I sp [Music] for the father for the father it's over to prepare us to prepare us again for the sea by [Applause] we shall We don't let that beautiful song by and by. We shall meet on the beautiful show. We shall sing all the beautiful show and the lonely songs of the bless and the spirit. [Music] [Music] for sure by and we shall go to our mountain to our mountain for the father above. We will offer our children of praise for the glorious gift of his [Music] blessing. Oh, in the sea, in the sea. By and by, we shall be on the for sure and we shall meet on the sea. You see why am I shall meet on that beautiful sh by and by we shall we let to his motion. [Music] [Music] My Jesus, my savior, Lord, there is none like you. and all of my days. And I want to praise the wonders of your mighty love, my comfort, my comfort, my shelter. [Music] Reu just strength [Music] all that I am never cease to worship you. Shout to the Lord. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Oh, [Music] the mountains of the sea of the sun. [Music] I sing for joy. I sing for joy. Forever I love you. Forever I'll stand for nothing to the promise I have for you. We sing my Jesus, my Jesus, my savior. Oh, there's none like you. All of my days, I want to praise the wonders of your mind. Oh my comfort, my comfort, my shues, [Music] every breath and all that I am, they never cease to hurt. [Applause] Shout to the Lord. Shout to the Lord. All the earth see [Music] praise to the king. For the mountains r and the se for joy I sing for joy [Applause] forever you forever I'll for nothing compares to the promise I have in you. And then just as brother Ed comes up, let's sing that chorus one more time. Shout to the Lord. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Oh man, [Music] [Music] I see the joy. I see the joy of the world. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] to the proise I am. Amen. Before we pray, can we sing? Um uh there's going to be a meeting in the air. We can We don't have to go too fast, but yeah, keep the atmosphere if we if we could, please. There's going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. And oh, I long to meet you over there. Oh, beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard my voice again. Glorious I do. For God's son will be the leading one at me. [Music] There's going there's going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet sweet and [Music] oh I long to meet you over there at home beyond the sky. God sing you will he never hurt my mortality be glorious I do but God's own son will be the leading one in that meeting in the Yeah. Amen. Amen. Thank you. Thank you, musicians. Thank you. And apologies for that abrupt um song that I just chose there. I uh in preparation, I was just thinking about um about a meeting in the air. And you will see when we go now through the scriptures. Um, as the musicians take their seats, let's um, let's just bow our hearts before our Lord and um, let me just have a time to to settle the nerves. Thank you Lord Jesus that we can be here amongst brother uh brethren Lord uh brothers and sisters of like-minded faith Lord that's come out in this cold Lord to come here from you Lord not from a man and not from any one or any opinion or any interpretation Lord but only from the word of of the living God of the eternal one of Elohim the self-existing one Lord the one we chose you chose us and we choose to accept that he Lord to say we worship you in spirit and in truth Lord and we've given our lives to you Lord if you warm us just up um from from within tonight Lord settle settle my nerves Lord you know um what I had to deal with Lord I the the preparation that I went through and and how you gave this um this this thought to me Lord um and and and from a from a human perspective. I I could spend months on this subject, Lord, to prepare. Um but it is uh this is what you've given me, Lord. And and may it be a perfect sacrifice, Lord, like Abel on his altar, Lord, that you that you will accept this because it comes from revelation and it and it and it and it hits the hearts and the souls of of your body um um in in revelation, Lord. May it be received that way. Lord, I pray that we um enter now into a time of worship and and and may may these words just savor be be savor in your mouth and and in Jesus Christ's name I pray. Amen. Amen. Um if we can turn to our uh Bibles uh John uh let's go first to um one Thessalonians 5. 1 Thessalonians 5 verse 1. and 4. 1 Thessalonians 5 1 and 4. I've um I've prepared this. So, uh Brother Moro asked if we can just um uh swap services and um and I said yes. And and I had this thought that I was going with and um and I and I halfway prepared that. And when he asked me that, the Lord put a total complete different thought in my mind and and I don't know where it came from. I I know where it came from. Uh not from me. And if I had a choice, it it wouldn't been this. But the Lord just said, I I want you to speak about this. So let's read. But of the times and the seasons, brethren, you have no no need that I write unto you. For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh as a thief in the night. For whence they shall say peace and safety, then sudden destruction cometh upon them as travail upon a woman with child, and they shall not escape. But ye, brethren, you are not in darkness, that that day should overtake you as a thief. And this scripture I will I will tie into um hopefully it all comes together. John 3. It's a very familiar um scripture to us all. And no man hath ascended up to heaven. But he that came down from heaven, even the Son of Man which is in heaven. And as Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up, that whosoever believeth on him shall not pre perish, but have eternal life. And here it is now. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. There's the whole redemption plan uh physically in in in one verse and in a in a couple of uh verses. Um may the Lord bless the reading of his word. You you may have your seats. Uh if I can just stay on this. So, um, I'll maybe show you show you what we're going to talk about, where I'm going to go. I'm trying to tie two things together. I'm not me, the the Lord. And and and um, yes, the Lord's my witness. I I don't know how to do this. He knows. He knows all things. So, I want to talk about caught up. And um we talk about it a lot as the rapture. And I thought I'll just I'll I'll be a little bit different and and say it how it is in the word. And um I am excited to to bring two things together. Um it's actually more than two but um yes the thought came as I said brother Vor um phoned me and I thought oh yes I've got I've got one or two thoughts that I that I can just color in the picture and and I told brother Ben the Lord just said the rapture and I go whoa now being in this journey now that I've had with the message of the hour um ministering a few times uh it's not one of those where You go, "No, Lord, that was not the thought I had in mind. So, I will I will I will say something else." You go, "Whoa." Um, yes, Lord. Uh, let let me start preparing. And um and I feel illprepared tonight. I feel we can spend so much time around this. You would know. Um this is this is this is what we are living for. The rapture, the the being the um being caught up in the air. That's what we're living for. that this is why we're here. He's coming to come and fetch us and we we are then disappearing. The people will not see us um until we come reign with Christ. But yes, we'll we'll get there. So the one thought that I that I had and this is so how it started is is John 3. So I've just highlighted a few things here. So for God so loved the world. So God is theos. God is our object of worship. So God before God there was Elohim in Genesis. Elohim is a self-existing one and he was sitting there and angels were worshiping him but not out of out of will out of want out of a a decision or a choice. So he said he wants to he wants to make man in his image and so he did and how he became God is basically we are worshiping him. We made him an object of his of of worship. So this object of worship, our object of worship so loved the world. The world is the cosmos. The world is everything that we see. It's up in the skies. He so loved and and in and all the living inhabitants um that he gave his only begotten son. He gave the only uh thing. How can I put this? He he he he gave himself. He gave his life. He gave his name. He gave us a way out. He gave us bread, living water. He gave us blood to as as a lamb, a sacrificial lamb. uh uh his only begotten son to whosoever believeth. Now that believeth is just not um yes I believe and we walk on. There's there's a order in how do you how do you show evidence of your belief your faith and that is entrusting entrust your life &gt;&gt; to Christ and in him um should not perish but have uh everlasting life. Everlasting is perpetual. everlasting is not stopping and life as we know it is Zoey. So, and he did not um send God here, send the his son to condemn the world, but to make a way to to to show that we are in a fallen state and he is the way out. So that's how I wanted to start it because we as a body of believers, we as uh the church of the living God, we need a a way out. We are from this world. Uh we are in this world, not from this world. So we need a way out as much as the guy out there or girl, brother or sister. So caught up. As I said 1 Thessalonians 4 verse 16-18, for the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a with a shout with a voice of archangel archangel and with a trump of God and the dead in Christ shall rise first and then uh which uh we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with him in the clouds to meet the Lord in the there and so shall we ever be with the Lord. How awesome is that? Wherefore comfort one another. So comfort one another with these words. So we that are alive and remain. I'm looking at them. We are in the last days. We'll be caught up in them. So let's comfort one another with the rapture. There's a lot of people uh and probably a lot of denominational Christians and nom nominal Christians outside of the the message um realms is that they sometimes feel we preach too much about the rapture too much about um him coming taking us too much about the bridegroom fetching his bride like okay so in the human form if you are going to a wedding you are the bridegroom or maybe the bride um that's all you are thinking about. So 2 3 4 months in advance we can we can ask the the newly made uh weds. Um there's one thing on your mind and that's it. You want this perfect day. You are you are asking all the questions. You are planning to the detail to how your dress is going to look. What day is it going to be? Is there going to be sunshine? um the photographers, the video, the the food, the catering, everything needs to be perfect. You are thinking about one thing. And why not us? Why can we not think about our bridegroom coming to fetch us every single day and every moment? Um so I'm excited about it. I I do not see a a big problem about thinking about the rapture. Uh uh thinking about him, how he's when is he going to come and fetch us? you're thinking, "Oh, Lord, can it be today?" We'll get to um later how Brother Brandham explains it, but um you know, getting getting excited to get up in the morning cuz this might be the day. Now, while he's taring, we should do a few things as well. We should go and color in the picture, get that last one in, you know, and we see that now happening. We see it across in in our little church. We see it uh across the nations. We see at different churches how how little lost ones is coming in. How the message is just washing in them as well. You know, wayward ones, prodical sons coming back again and just um sort of now accepting the fact they they they they cons convinced they concerned there's something more out there that the world could not feed them. Um what is it? Where do I go? So, and it's beautiful. I want to make this little segue from here because we are talking here about the the shout, the voice of the archangel, the trump of God. And this got me intrigued that this this is all the Lord. I do not know. I I'm I'm actually not versed at all in the as deeply in the in the feasts of the of the um the seven feasts of of Israel and how that um and works. We've we've had the spiritual uh meanings of it um interpreted and how how we sort of um through our through the preaching of the word uh it was made clear and sort of revealed to us um a physical feast that the Israelites held and how that uh spiritually ties in with the with us with the bride. We are the spiritual Israel. So we need to take heed. We need to be attentive to what is happening and and why the feasts. So this is how it all started. It it it it popped up. The first thing that popped up was uh a a date of the rapture. So people talking about on the feeds. Um all of a sudden I I I was not looking at it. The Lord knows my heart. I was not looking for it. And then the next thing was this feast of trumpets. feast of trumpets that pop up and especially the feast of trumpets around this this this the coming one the in in 2025. So the feast of trumpets also known as yum Toroa um is one of the most important holidays in the Jewish calendar. It marks the beginning of the four feasts and is a time of reflection, repentance and anticipation of the coming of the Messiah. Traditionally, this festival is observed the blowing of trumpets, which signifies a call to prepare for a new season of self-reflection and spiritual renewal. So, um, please, I wanted to actually start with this is it's cold out there, but the good thing is we can have some spiritual jackets on tonight. So, keep keep an open mind and and and and read between the lines as I go. Uh, like I said, I could prepare months for this. Um, and and and really it it'll blow my mind as I'm as I will bring it to you. But we only have a short amount of time. So maybe this is a way to open a little door so that you can go and and and search the scriptures. It I it's it's really nice to see. So the feast of trumpets um the feast of trumpets and it's a idiom in in Israel the feast no one knows the day or the hour. So this here the feast of trumpets is starting in 23 or 24 September one of the seven muds or um do I have it up there? Yes. um divine appointments or feasts is called the the yum tow. It is referred to as rash hashah and the feast of trumpets of the seven mud. This one is the only one that doesn't have an exact starting date. Now this got my attention. I didn't know this. It begins only when two witnesses see the edge of the moon and report their sighting to the Sanhedrin. uh the requirement uh introduces slight variable time to its inception. So when it starts the Jews celebrate what is supposed to be the first day of the 7th month tertiary uh Leviticus 23. So interesting if I can highlight that it says Leviticus 23:23 and this year it is on 23rd of September which is I just saw that as is interesting um a 2-day period because it is the day no one knows the day or hour. For this very reason yumua was and still is referred to as the m uh that no one knows the day or hour of. And that of course refers to Matthew 24 where Jesus said of this uh of that day and hour knoweth no man know not the angels of heaven but the father only. And just to sort of color in the picture um of Le Leviticus 23. And the Lord spoke unto Moses, saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel, saying, In the seventh month, and the first day of the month, shall ye have the Sabbath memorial uh memorial of blowing of trumpets and holy convocation. He shall do no civil work therein, and he shall offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord." Um, this fire was just sort of highlighted while I was looking at the rapture and what's going to happen after the rapture and the tribulation. And I saw fire and I go, "Oo, okay." Um, a lot of things will be consumed. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying also in the 10th day of the seventh month, which we as believers uh know a lot of, there shall be a day of atonement. It shall be an holy convocation unto you, and ye shall afflict your souls and offer an offering made by fire unto the Lord. Now, very interesting when I read, if I just quickly jump there back, it is two witnesses that needs to uh uh see the edge of the moon and report their sightings. Now of course if it's a cloudy day um you know there might be a delay in when two witnesses can actually observe that which which makes it you know at a at a sort of an uncertain time. So the final phase of the moon just before the feast of trumpets no one knows precisely when it will come but witnesses must watch for it. You must watch for it. Now, taking that the the the physical feast of trumpets looking at the physical moon and tying in the spiritual, we've got that little glimpse there of the Laosian age where there's just a little sliver of light and people will will witness this. People will watch this, must watch this. So, we in this dark age, we need to stand now here um as a a and prepare for the feast of trumpets where, and I'll jump quickly back. They're right in the middle of the reflection and repentance and anticipation of the coming of the Messiah. This is what we're looking for. This is what we excited about. Now, a quick segue. 2 Peter 3:8 says, "But beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing, that one day is as with the Lord as a thousand years, and a thousand years is one day." So, a lot of things um and and and you you know all these scriptures. So based on all the genealogies and ages and scholars have calculated that the years from Adam to Jesus uh which is 4,000 years and from Jesus to now is roughly 2,000 years bringing us right to the edge of that 6,000 year mark and the seven so after 7 years so that seven years is talking about tribulation it will mark the seventh and final thousand years thousand years of Christ's reign when we reign with him. So 6,000 years under man's rule followed by a thousand years of Christ's reign. It's the same pattern as God's creation. Six days of work and one day of rest. I thought that was that was really peculiar and um and how the Lord is in mass, how the Lord is just perfectly orchestrated. the the power of God is um we we talk about it and it's and it sort of goes over our heads is that that the Lord so our object of worship so where Elohim started and and is he's outside of time he's outside of space and matter he's outside of weight and because of that he could orchestrate perfect times he could orchestrate perfect numbers he could put everything together and we go, how did you do this, Lord? Because he's outside of it. So, he sees the end from the beginning. He can he can he can flavor this for us and and and give us this whole uh different dimension of of of of looking at things. Now, I I don't want to I don't want to be the the conspiracy theorist. I don't want to be that that guy that say um the feast of trumpets of this year, which is 23 September. um could be the rapture and we all sit there and wait for it. No. Um I think there's a lot of people that's done that. I'm just showing here and it's a very highlight cuz trust me if you go into this the Jews are are very very um uh what's the word? Um granular with the detail of the scriptures and how it ties into where we are. Um, and from that it shows we are not far from the end. We are very close and I think we are closer than we really think. If it happens this year, praise the Lord. If it doesn't, praise the Lord. We walk on. But I want to just show you we are actually we are very close very close to the uh scriptures fulfilled. Uh prophecy is here. Um how many earthquakes I actually wanted to go and research that didn't didn't have time. there were so many earthquakes now in California alone um one after the other you know there's things put in motion and um oh interestingly 23 um September uh is the UN world council of thingy thingy coming together in New York as well which is very interesting that it's falling on the same day so there's a lot of things that's happening that we're not aware of now this is not scaremongry this is not to say, "Oh, we can go and sit and wait somewhere on the mountaintop for the Lord to come." No, get excited. &gt;&gt; Um, do what you have to do. Like the brother Brandon said, plant your potatoes, carry on, you know, but for the those that have not awakened yet, let's let's get real. Let's let's let's do something to to take that next step into the into Christ's redemption plan to um to make it our own to say, "Lord, I'm sealed." Um the there's this there's this um this feeling that comes over me when um when when people are are either still sitting on the fence or or or there's a there's there's a there's a I guess this the preparation of the sermon sort of ties in. Um there there's a fight within me. There's there's there's really just battles and and and I don't have time and all this and nothing comes together. But in the way back part of my mind, I go, "The Lord's got this." I I go, "Lord, I've I've I've surrendered everything. So So you have to you have to you obligated to help me here to to to provide the the words of eternal life. I don't have to bring and and and suck it out of my thumb. I I just stand here and I step out of the way, the old nature, the old dead, the old, and you can work through me and you can bring this to the people, you know. So, you've got this fight and it's still going on and it'll go on until the rapture, but there's something in the back of you going, I I'm there. I've made it. I'm I'm so close to my theophony. Some days it feels like a bump into them. Some days it feels like he's tripping me over, you know, that I'm falling on my face. Some some some days. So th this is this is just to show you um we we can talk as much as we want about how close we are but we are really close. We are we are genuinely close. So whatever you want to make right whatever you want to um go and go and uh do for the Lord or just get a you know just get serious with him just let him in. Just surrender a little bit more whatever it needs. Um just just do that now. I've got a few um just just a few so one two three four big slides. So if you can stay with me um this is this is brother Brandham and this is the rapture. So again when that thought came with the rapture I go oh yeah the there's the the message the rapture and and I thought okay I will I will sit and listen to it. phenomenal, phenomenal message. And even within it, the L the the the prophet was sort of um scheming over things because he saw there was a lady looking at him and and um they wanted to close up shop and and he even the the offerings that they gave he he gave to them because he was going over time. So, you know, there was so much that he could say and he he he did speak about how many pages he sort of left out. So, um, do yourself a favor and go go refresh your memory with, um, with with that. So, I'll just I'm going to highlight a few things and and just follow with me. It's four four big slides and then I'll slow down again. Okay. Um, the rapture. Now, uh, let me get my spot. Now the now the seven watches like seven watch when um it didn't come from the first watch, second, third, fourth, but it came from the seventh watch. Now it's talking about um the hour. It's talking about um the watch um how the the Israelites the Jews um divied up their the um night in their watch. Um that was Enoch the 7th which was translated. This was very um profound to me. And Noah being a type of the remnant of Jews is to is to be carried over. Now there was also uh one Jew was was was comparing uh Leah um which uh Jacob uh uh married and um and Rachel um how how that relates to us Leah and then Rachel the the the Israelites the Jews that the Lord will come and fetch after maybe the tribulation. No, I'm I'm I'm not in depth into that, but I just saw the ties here into Enoch the seventh that will be translated the gentile bride and then Noah being a type of the remnant Jews that will be carried over. Now in Bible times talking about the watches and the nights were not divided into hours in the Bible time um the night was not divided in hours um it was divided in watches. There was so there basically three watches and the first watch started at from 9 to 12. The second watch started 12 to 3 and the third watch of the night was counted from 3-6. Now we got three threes which is 9. And brother Abraham says here it's imperfect number. So we need to get to seven where it's the rapture which will take place. And this is why he said he believes the rapture will be between 6 and 9:00 in the morning. Now again, this is not to uh to wake you up 5:00 in the morning and sit there and waiting. Maybe maybe the Lord will come 6:00. No, he can come anytime cuz is it 6:00 in the northern hemisphere or the southern hemisphere? I don't know. I don't care. But maybe if you're 6:00 in the morning and you're standing and brushing your teeth, if you can get your thoughts on the Lord already and you can sing a hymn and you can praise him, he might just come and fetch you in that state, you know. So any reason to to worship in any any any reason and in any time of the day um to to enjoy his presence. So for the trumpet of the Lord shall sound. So we're talking about the feast of trumpets and that bright and cloudless morning and the dead of Christ shall rise and the glory of his resurrection share when his chosen one shall gather to their homes beyond the sky when the road is called up yonder. So, let's drop down. First Thessalonians, uh, the order of this great rapture will take place in the last days. We're going to begin at the the 13th verse. And then he colors in the picture. So, if you drop down then there where the yellow is the Lord himself himself shall descend from the heavens with a shout, with a voice of the archangel and the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise. Now notice this great thing taking place. Don't miss this. The word says here uh in in first Thessalonians um notice a shout, a voice, a trumpet. Let's read now and see that the the the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout and the voice three things happen. A voice, a shout, a voice, uh sorry, a shout, a voice, and a trumpet. It has to happen before Jesus appears. Now Jesus does all three of them. He's descending a shout. What is the shout? It's the message going forth first. The living bread of life bringing forth the bride. Now God has a way of doing things and he never changes his policy. And now he reveals so so in Amos 3:7 um he he revealed it to his servants the prophets. So he would do nothing on earth until first he does that. Now we've come through the church ages and we promised in the last days according to Malachi 4. This is the prophet speaking about the word that there would be a return again a prophet in the land. So not notice now and this is again the prophet is saying notice his nature. God is using this spirit five times. Once in Elijah, once in Elisha, John the Baptist call out the church and remnant of the Jews five times. His grace, his Jesus, his faith, it's a number of grace. See, and and that's why the Lord's so so mindful and so detailed, so granular, even if he's outside of time, he he gets this so perfect within the number and one on what that means, the significance of it. when all these mysteries shall be all bundled up in a bunch of um Ecclesiastes um it will take a direct prophet from God to reveal it and that's exactly what he promised to do and he's done that right so let me just see that I didn't skip over anything that I really wanted to to nail down yes so a direct prophet from from God and God um has also has all always in the ages through Isaiah, Jeremiah, um Elijah, when the ecclesiastical group would get everything all mixed up, he would send a prophet, raise him up from nowhere. So, we know from nowhere, we know where John the Baptist was. We know um Jesus himself from Nazareth. What good can come out of Nazareth? If we look at um uh Noah, if we look at Abraham, if we look at um brother Brandham, where he came from, he was called of a scene and gone. just a rugged man of the truth of God and it's always the way you could tell him. Uh there's one among you who is spiritual or a prophet. Now prophets there's a s such a thing as gift of prophecy in the church but a prophet is predestinated and four ordained for the hour. Um yes sir. Now prophecy goes forth sorry prophecy goes forth uh two of three is set and judge whether that's right or or not. And that's what we do in the order of of our church. But a prophet is for ordained and it it it it leads it it is the voice of God in that age. Now this is this is where we are and I like um it's quite it's quite uh crude and crass how how it's put called off the scene and gone just rugged men of the truth of God. They come they give thus sayaith the Lord and they off the scene. And it was so apparent to me when I looked at that and I thought, "Yes, so the people after Jesus's death, his own disciples, you know, they they scattered. They they didn't know what to do. They they felt like their whole life uh you know, came crumbling down. He's now off the scene. I thought he would get us um you know uh he would be the king that lead us out of this Rome uh Roman Empire and and come and fight for us." um if they only knew. But then the same with the ones after brother Brandham's death, there was a lot of confusion and a lot of um a lot of hurt, a lot of where do we go now? But he had to go off the scene. I'm seeing it now. I'm seeing the transision, not the transition. I'm seeing the fulfillment of scripture the in in an individual's heart. So each one here is a liquid fire. each one here receive the revelation of what Jesus Christ is in your life and what's in my life and what is he doing and he's still busy doing he's not has done he is still busy doing and we need to we need to definitely keep on walking especially now because what what we've received it's so it's so it's so powerful it's so profound if we go if we go to denominations they cannot cannot explain to me revelation. They cannot tell me in the beginning was the word and the word was God. They they cannot put this together. They cannot uh uh uh stimulate me uh and give me anything um um better. And I just wanted to remind you again of this um picture. So where we are in the last days is that there is still so you can look at that how however you want but it's that it's that white light that gets my attention. It's that little glimmer of hope. It's that is it is you sitting here coming out of the cold coming here saying the Lord's got something for me. I need to take something away from here or I need to give my life. I need to surrender. And this is where I want to sort of tie in. Remember the beginning scripture that I had. So, so, so John 3:E 16. So, so love uh so did uh the Lord love us to give his only begotten son and to and to make a way for us so that we can have eternal life. I want to tie this now in Genesis 3:8. And they heard, now this is now Adam and Eve in the garden. They heard the voice of the Lord called God uh walking in the garden in the cool of the day. So that means he was coming to us. He gave away to us. He sent his only begotten son to us. So here he's walking and this is in Genesis. He's walking and he's coming to us to say, "How was your day?" He's he's coming to reveal himself to us in his time. So what I want to say about this is that we don't go and look for him. He comes and look for us. Why does he want to come and look for us? Why John 3:16? Why the the feast of the trumpets? Everything points to him. and everything is um is is is a way to say that you need to give yourself away cuz he's coming to redeem you. He loves you. He's g he's given his life for you. He's bled out on a cross um for you to just love him. And if there's and if if if you've surrendered, if you sold out, praise the Lord. Let's walk on. if you haven't, if there's small little things that's still in the way, let's let's let's work through this. Let's pray about it. Let's come together as a as a body of believers. We've seen prayer work. We still we still depend on it. And tonight is no no um no change of it, no different. We come to them. We come to the Lord with our prayer request, with our with our heart's desire to say, "Lord, if there's something still in me that I can just give, just take one more bit, Lord, can I can I can you fill me with your Holy Ghost in in that little crevices and that and and and wash over me um with the water of the word?" Um, one thing I I wanted to sort of uh also tie in when I when I was thinking about the Lord coming down, us surrendering and hearing his word, I was thinking about the the five loaves and two fishes. That little boy, that little boy of five loaves, two fishes, and if you can do math, 5 plus 2 is seven. So seven is a complete again. So we the Lord's always in his maths. um that boy gave everything right. So they you could have you you can take it two ways. So one is the parents nudged him and say hey just give Jesus everything that you have whatever you got in the basket give it and he could have maybe put up a fuss and say oh but how about one fish and two loaves you know then we have something for the family. Um it it could have gone so differently, but I think personally he was &gt;&gt; he is it, you know, he was he was uh probably in rugby terms or in business terms you would call a high risk and a high reward. He said um I'm going to give it without even thinking, not thinking about what he's going to eat, not thinking about what's coming tomorrow. Here's everything, Lord. Take it and do with that what you want. He could have broken it up and everyone could just get a bit. But see what he did. So look at the five talents versus the one talent. Look at the the the the the lies and the attitude behind it. I think I think the the little boy was absolutely sold out. So whether he heard the preaching of of Jesus, I don't know. But I think maybe he saw the life. &gt;&gt; He saw the fruits among him. And he said, "Well, if that's if that does this, I need to take everything I have, all the little fruits, and it's a stinky fish. It's maybe a old bread. You know, this was maybe the end of the day. Still, this is what I have, Lord. This little little stinky flesh that I have. This is all I have, but take it and take all of it. So, you can come and change it. You can come and refill it and renew it and and and grow and and and and increase." And and that's I thought a lot about how the Lord gives himself and everything of him. So let us let us give everything of us. Let us fully surrender. So let us not be um running to and fro. Let us not be um in Africans we say dear macar you know just ha know know where you're going know make your decision and say lord you where else will I go here's where I will um be satisfied here's where I will grow and maybe you not hearing the preaching but look at the life look at the fruits among you and see the growth so I wanted to bless you with that little thought, like I said, I I could go so so deep into this. Um, but I thought I wanted to to just address that we are at the end. Be excited about it. Take something home. Say, "Okay, Lord. Um, what what what do you have for me in store tomorrow?" Cuz the devil will attack. He's very predictable and tomorrow is uh is not like any other. Um, but he might come in the morning, you know. So, let's let's be excited about it. Let's worship in in in in everything that we do. Let's um um think about the the the brothers and sisters out there that's struggling. You know, you would see a lot um youth, you would see a lot at school, people that's just they don't know. Um, I was looking at a at a guy in a podcast and and and one of the one of the I guess the um the the guy that that visited him just spoke directly to him and said, "I think the Lord might have something in store for you." He said, "I think you you know," and he could not look back in his eyes. This guy was looking all over and he just knew that something stepped into the room. He knew that that's a that's a call and if he does if he if he does respond his life will be changed. Your life will be changed if you respond. And I could just see he he could not he was looking everywhere but he could not face that guy and look him in the eyes and say you know what you're right. He he was probably having flashbacks. He was not fully surrendered. He was saying, "Oh, no. I might, you know, I might not have fun anymore, but I I cannot see any boredom in the in the in the life of a message believer at all. There's never a dull moment." Hey, brother Gabin. Praise the Lord. Musicians, you can come and we can sing a song of worship. Um, yeah. be that glimmer of hope for for someone in and out there in the world, someone in your family, your workplace. Um that that sliver of that white light, you know, uh of that new moon coming, that new season that's coming. We know what that means for us, but some somebody might not know. Cara, do you have a song? &gt;&gt; I exalt thee. &gt;&gt; Oh, beautiful. Okay. I exalt thee. Um I think um yeah, we start singing and then um I'll hand it over to you, brother Ben. Yep. Amen. You can stand [Music] above all the earth. Thou art exalted. far above. Oh God [Music] of all the earth exalted our above. Oh, [Music] we sing. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I exalt. I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh Lord, I exalt thee. I exalt thee. Oh, I exalt thee. Oh, why it's so deep? Oh, amen. Praise the Lord. Isn't that It's so amazing when you look at, you know, the feast of trumpets. You can have your seats. Um, you know, and as the end was bringing out, there's, you know, the Jewish people are looking and trying to work out dates and sincerely trying to look into things where they're at. And isn't it amazing that we've had a prophet come and say, "The Feast of Trumpets has happened. They're gathered back to Israel. First time in over 2,000 years, they're a nation again. They don't even know really how they got there exactly, but they're there. Why? There's a gathering for them to recognize the true Messiah. Amen. It's the same thing as us. The message has gone forth. The trumpet is sounded. It's a gathering of the bride to the bridegroom. Amen. So, we live in a phenomenal time. But I'm so thankful. You know, a prophet, you know, Brother Bram stood up and said, "The feast of the trumpets, it's happened." Just so you know how it parallels where we are in time. Aren't you glad we've had a vindicated message &gt;&gt; to tell you where you are in time, but not just to get you excited only about where you are, but that you would know you're part of the greatest event. &gt;&gt; Amen. Which is the rapture of the bride. You're part of that resurrected group. We're blessed. &gt;&gt; Amen. There's something in us that recognize Messiah. Recognize the anointed word in this day. Amen. So, it's an exciting day. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you say, "Well, there's so many things I want to do." As like brother Ed said, just keep planting potatoes, keep living life, be a witness, keep walking on. You know, it's amazing how brother Ram said, if he knew he was coming in the afternoon, just have a Sunday, he'd say he'd prepare for preaching, he'd go preach the service, he'd go about the day like normal. And I'm thinking, how on earth could you do that? You know, if you knew that he was going to come, say for example, uh, at 9:00 tonight, would you keep, you know, he just said, "I just keep living." I think, let's just keep shining till he takes us home. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um, so I just need a phone. Um, you got the prayer request there on our brothers and sisters. Actually, can I just grab my phone? Lily just to make sure that I'm a time of prayer. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. [Music] And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar [Music] because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
