################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-01-26 - 210126 - Seeing The Big Picture - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2021-01-26
Title:    210126 - Seeing The Big Picture - Bro  Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 37m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UGp1z57ol8A
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Trust we are all doing well this evening. Let's just stand as we open in a word of prayer. Welcome back, Bailey's. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful day you've given us, Lord. That we could all come here and gathered here in your name, Lord, to come and hear from you once again, Lord. And Lord, I just pray that Lord, you said two to three, if two or three are gathered in your name, you'd be there in the midst, Lord. And we've come believing tonight, Lord, that you'd be here. And Lord, I just pray you feel welcome in this place, Lord. Feel welcome amongst us, Lord. And Lord, I pray for those that couldn't make it tonight. Be their portion, Lord. Lord, I just want to pray for the minister as well. Speak to him, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just pray we have a blessed evening tonight, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. We are here together to lift our hearts as one. We're in our father's presence. His spirit is with us. us again. We are here together to lift our hearts as one. We're in our father's presence. His spirit is with us. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is overflowing with love for our sin and mercy we can never contain. And each and every morning would tell his great love of all his faithful mercy and all that he has done. For who can match his kindness and who can count his words? Let our praise continue. So evening draws glory. It is good to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is all the glory of love for us. Said his mercy we can never. It is good is good to lift the name of the Lord our God is right to give him thanks and praise. For his heart is overflowing with love for us. and mercy we could never contain. Oh, glory, honor, wisdom, power, and strength to our savior Jesus worthy of all praise. Oh, glory, honor, wisdom, power, and strength to our savior Jesus, worthy of all praise. Glory, glory on earth with some power and strength to our savior Jesus worthy of all praise. Give glory, glory, honor, wisdom, power, and strength to our savior Jesus, worthy of all praise. It is good, so lift the name of the Lord of God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart is on the floor with love for us. Sending mercy we can never forsake. It is good. It is good to the name of the Lord the God. It is right to give him thanks and praise for his heart alone for love for the mercy we can never say. Say, "Come now." Oh, come now is the time to worship. Oh, come now is the time to give your love. Oh come just as you are to us. Won't you come just as you are before your God? Oh God sing God. Oh, now is the time to worship. Oh, God. Now the time to give your all. Oh God. Just as you are to worship. Oh God. Just as you are before your God. Oh God. Oh one day. Oh one day every tongue will confess your God. One day every knee will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who choose you now one day. Oh one day son will confess you are God. One day every year will bow. Still the greatest treasure remains for those who choose you now. Oh God now to worship. Oh, God. Now is the time to give your love. Come just as you are to worship. Won't you come just as you are before your God? Oh God, one day or one day, every tongue will convince you God. One day every knee will bow. Though the greatest treasure remains for those who do now for willingly to surrender our lives willing we are peaceful now with all our heart soul mind and strength we gladly choose. enough. Oh come, now is the time to show. Oh God, now is the time to give your life. Come, oh come just as you are to usship. Oh God, just as you are before your God. Oh, she says we slow down tonight. Rise up and sing. of the great glorious king. You are strong when you feel weak in your brokenness. Oh, we'll shout to the north and the south. Sing to the east and west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. Rise up with the truth. Stand and sing broken heart. You can hold the healing power of our awesome king of love. Oh, we will shout to the north and south. Sing through the east and west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. The rise of church be strong again. Oh my God on high. By his grace again will fly. We will shout to the north and south. Sing to the east and away. Jesus the savior to all. Lord of heaven. We will shout down to the north. Sing to the east and away. Jesus the savior to all. Lord of heaven and earth. We've been through fire. We've been through fire and we rise by the power of this name. We fall deeper in love with you. You burn the truth on our land. We've been fire. We've been through fire and we've been through rain. We've been refined by the power of his name. We've fallen deeper in love with you. You find the truth. Now we will shout to the north and south. Sing to the east and the west. Jesus is savior to all. Lord of heaven. Oh, come to the altar. The father's arms are open while forgiveness was brought away. The precious blood of Jesus Christ. And all are you hurting and broken within overwhelmed by the way your sin Jesus is calling me? Have you come to the end of the sound? Do ye eat us for a drink from the well? Jesus is calling. Oh, come to Oh, come to the altar. The father lungs are open wide. forgiveness was bought with the precious blood of Jesus Christ. Leave behind your regrets and stay. Come today, there's no reason to wait. Jesus is following me. And bring your sorrows and trade them joy. Upon the ashes, a new life is fall. Jesus the calling. Oh, come to the altar. The father's arms are open wide. Forgiveness was born with the precious blood. Oh, come to Oh, come to the altar. The father's l are open wide. forgiveness was bought with the precious blood of Jesus Christ. And oh, what a savior isn't he? Sing hallelujah. Christ is ris. Bow down before him. For he is Lord all. Sing hallelu. Christ is ris. What a savior. Oh, what a savior. Isn't he wonderful? Sing hallelujah. Christ is ris. Bow down before him. Bow down before him. Glory is Lord. Sing hallelujah. Christ is ris. Oh, what a savior. Oh, what a savior. Is anyone more? Sing hallelujah. Christ is ris. Bow out before him. Bow out before him. Glory is Lord. Sing hallelujah. Christ is ris. Oh, come to Oh, come to the altar. The father's lamb are open wide. Forgiveness was brought away. the precious blood. Oh, come to Oh, come to the altar. The father's loves our open wide. Forgiveness was bought with the precious blood of Jesus Christ. And bear your cross as you wait for the crown. Tell all the treasure you found. Hallelu. Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reigns. Hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty. Hallelujah. Holy, holy, are you Lord God Almighty? Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy, holy. Are you God mighty? Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Hallelu. Hallelu. Oh Lord God Almighty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord God Almighty. Hallelujah. Holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the Lamb. But is the lamb for you are holy. Holy are you God. Oh mighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You You are holy, holy are you, Lord God. Oh mighty. Worthy. Worthy is the Lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy. Worthy is the lamb. World is the Lord. You are holy, holy, are you God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. You are holy, holy are you, Lord God Almighty. Worthy is the lamb. Worthy is the lamb. Hallelujah. Is he worthy to you? &gt;&gt; The greatest one that could ever be spoken about, him. Praise the Lord. God bless you all. Thank you, Josh. Thank you, musicians. Good to see everyone here tonight on this Wednesday. Uh, a bit of a change of schedule, but here I am. Praise the Lord. Jimmy will be here soon. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Happy birthday, brother Ben. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Amen. Great to have the Bailey's home. God bless you. So, praise the Lord. Great to have you. Amen. Let's uh let's turn the scripture, shall we, to uh Job 38 and verses 4-7. And I'd like to, if I could title this tonight, I'd like to speak about looking at the big picture. We're big picture people. &gt;&gt; I mean, they say the devil's in the detail. Actually, God's in the detail, but he's in the big picture. He's in the big the the the focused in view and the zoomed out view. He's in everything. So, I mean, so God would ask Job in Job 38:4-7, "Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? declare if thou hast understanding. Who hath laid the t um who hath laid the measures thereof if thou knowest? Or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? Or who laid the cornerstone thereof? When the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we praise your great name this night. We want to lift you up high, Lord. Help us to lift you higher. I pray, Father, you're so worthy. You're so good to us. We thank you. We can bow our heads in your divine presence and just say, "We love you and you're so great." Just pray, dear God, you'd anoint your word, anoint speaker and hear her one more time. Just want to get ourselves out of the way that you can speak. You can do what you want to do in our midst, Lord. Not just here, but those who are streaming be our portion. We love you so much. We commit this service. We plead your blood over our lives. May the evil one be bound in the name of Jesus Christ that you'd have preeminence and your children can reach up and receive every divine promise that you've given in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats tonight. So I want to speak about looking looking at the big picture. We must always have everything in perspective. And when you look at the big picture, you actually see things what they really are. as we read here in the in our in our scripture this uh uh uh tonight where you know Job was in the trial of his life. He was he'd never been tested in this at at all to this degree and he had lost his children. He had lost all of his livestock and even his own wife said, "Won't you just curse God and die?" Cuz she was so uh uh one she was suffering the loss of her children. But she was seeing your husband uh be afflicted in the way he was. And they didn't have the answers as what was going on. And so she even said just just curse God and die. But Job would say, "Well, the Lord gives the Lord takes away. Blessed be his name." And you know, and then then then Job's friends would come to him and and and and they would try and get him to confess he's a secret sinner cuz they were looking at the there and now and they're trying to work out what the reason behind this all was. But they couldn't see the bigger picture. And they couldn't see the bigger picture that God was proving his word upon the earth. That God was proving his perfect servant. Amen. His perfect one upon the earth which was Job. And you know, they couldn't see that even Job himself could not see. Amen. the the the value God had placed upon him and what God testified of him of being a perfect man. But you see, God would come at the end of his trial and he'd say, "Job, I'm going to show you the big picture. I'm going to show you where you were. I'm going to show you where you end up because whatever is in eternity remains in eternity. There's no start or beginning there." So you can say, but we say, "Well, we started somewhere." We have because we're creatures of time. As brother Ed was preaching, you know, we're outside of time, but you know, we're creatures of time. We we always think of where did everything begin? Where did we begin? When people you know children will ask how did God begin? We say you know even Williams he's you know caught up in numbers. He always asks me what's bigger than infinity. I say there's nothing bigger than infinity. Infinity is like God cuz God is God is in maths. Praise God. Amen. So you see but yeah so we always looking for a beginning and a how do we start and you know but but we never really did begin. Amen. We are we are part of God. Amen. We just came down into this space of time as brother would call it a hickey on the circle of eternity and we would come into these flesh bodies to these veils of humiliation to go you be tempted, tested and tried and go through all manners of things that God would develop a character in us. But the character that he develops in us, he's already seen it before the foundation of the world. Amen. So we're just becoming what we always were ordained to be. So for the Christian this uh tonight, we can say we had no beginning because we're part of God. We're God's offspring. Amen. And if we're part, you know, if we're God's children, it's easy to say we're sons and daughters of God. That means we're his offspring. We're made in his likeness. Amen. We're eternal as God is eternal. And the word always comes to eternal beings. Amen. Even as Jesus would say, didn't the spirit of go, you know, the word of the Lord come to the prophets and he called them gods. Amen. And the word of the Lord has come to you. Amen. as well. Not just the prophet or the prophets, but the word has come to you in the form of revelation. Amen. So, you know, we are God's offspring. We're made in his image. We may be in these fallen bodies, but our souls are made in his image. Amen. So, we never had a beginning and we never will have an end. The devil had a start date. He's got an expiry date. He's going to have a destruction day. Amen. But we will never end. Amen. Where when he's not even a memory, we will still be. Amen. and will be rejoicing, shouting for eternity, but he will come to an end. And I believe he won't even be a memory. &gt;&gt; So this is the big picture. This is this is always it's important to keep things in perspective. Now the big picture, it's a noun and it's the entire perspective on a situational issue. So that's the big picture. We in our finite human minds, we actually look at a lot of things not in the entire perspective. That's why we get stressed. That's why we get anxious. That's why we get worried. That's why we we we allow our minds to be plagued with doubts and questions because we're only seeing things in a in a partial perspective. Amen. But but God wants us to see the big picture and the big picture is according to his word. Amen. The big picture is not based on what your five senses declare or what you imagine or reason or think or no. The big picture is a revelation of his word. I mean if we can see everything by the big picture that everything is working for our good. Amen. That God is molding us. He's shaping us. That that, you know, God will never be defeated. Amen. He will never He's gonna every single one of his children are going to be there on that day. It doesn't matter what they drag through through life. That's irrelevant. They're coming out the other side. Amen. So, we can look at everything by a big picture perspective. Amen. I love this. This is a scripture that um uh brother Mach had in his in his sermon. This really gripped me. Uh he says, "Tell tell ye and bring them near. Yay, let them take counsel together. Who hath declared this from ancient time? Or who hath told it from that time? Have not I the Lord and there is no God else beside me? A just God and a Savior. There is none beside me. Look unto me and be ye saved all the ends of the earth. For I am God and there is none else." Now this is the scripture he had. He says, "I have sworn by myself. The word has gone out of my mouth in righteousness and it shall not return that unto me every knee shall bow and every tongue shall swear. So he says the word has gone out. It's already been released. Amen. It's not coming. It's gone. It's been sent out. And and and what's going to be the end result of this word going out is that every knee will bow and every tongue shall swear. So God has already decreed Satan, you're going to bow. Sickness is going to bow. Demons of torment are going to bow. Spirits of unbelief are going to bow. Family spirits are going to bow. Unbelief is going to bow. Reasoning is going to bow. I mean, the believer is going to bow in a different way, exalting him, Lord of glory. The unbeliever is going to bow as well. Amen. Satan's going to bow. HELL'S GOING TO BOW. I MEAN, EVERYTHING WILL BOW CUZ THE word of God has come out of his mouth and it will not return to him void. AMEN. IT WILL ACCOMPLISH that which he's purposed it to do. Amen. I tell you what, friends, WHEN HIS WORD WENT OUT, YOU went out cuz you're part of his word. Amen. You're an expression of his word in this end time. Amen. And what's going to happen? You're going to be placed in a position of authority and power. Amen. And that is and the devil's going to be under your feet and everything's going to bow to his name. &gt;&gt; Surely one shall say this is what this is. You one shall say in the Lord have I righteousness and strength. &gt;&gt; Amen. Not my own righteousness and strength. It's not my human gumption and ability and my h religious works that I can boast and know. The Lord is my righteous. In him have I righteous and strength. My eyes have come open. Amen. To realize it's not my doing. It's his doing. Amen. It's his finished work that stands. And it's the strength of the Holy Ghost. Amen. It's not by power, by my by by my spirit, sayeth the Lord. Amen. Even to him shall men come and all that are insensed against them shall be ashamed. In the Lord shall all the seed of Israel be justified and shall glory. &gt;&gt; I feel that's you and I. We're spiritual Israel tonight. Praise the Lord. Now the Apostle Paul would pick up the scripture here in Isaiah 45 and he says, "Now and being found in fashion as a man to speak of our Lord Jesus, he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even the death of the cross. Wherefore God also hath highly exalted him and given him a name which is above every name." Every name. I like that. That at the name of Jesus, every knee should bow of things in heaven, things in earth, and things under the earth. and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord to the glory of God the Father. Amen. So now when the word became flesh, Amen. What what did the word do? It overcame in every circumstance. Overcame in the synagogue, overcame in Jerusalem, overcame against culture and superstition and religious spirits and unbelief. It overcame all those things. Overcame religious spirits and demons of torment. Everything had to bow to the name of Jesus Christ. And not just here, but then when the Lord Jesus descended down into hell, everything had to bow to him there. Everything had to give way. Not one spirit challenged them, saying, "Now you're here. I've got you." They knew they are in trouble. They knew that they were whipped. Amen. And then our Lord Jesus took the keys of hell, death, and the grave off the enemy and ascended victorious. Amen. Above them all. If I'm shouting, I'm just very moved by this. Amen. Because our God reigns. Amen. In every situation, we just get the big picture. We won't be fussing. WE WON'T BE FIGHTING. We won't be carnal. We won't be political. We won't try and manipulate. No, we'll see things in the big picture perspective. And we will let God be exalted in every every circumstance. Amen. So, he conquered. He conquered hell, death, and the grave. Everything that could be conquered was conquered that day. Amen. When he died that day on Calvary and descended down to hell, and he ascended on high and now he's given gifts unto men. Now, the same word is coming to you. Amen. We're that victorious one. Because the word is not defeated. The word is never at a stalemate. The word is never suffering loss. No. Because the word is God. And God is a mighty, mighty warrior. He's a mighty warrior. He's a mighty king. Amen. He's never been defeated in battle. He's never been fought to a stalemate. He's always comes out packing the victory in every generation. Amen. And see, as it was in the Lord Jesus, the word was made flesh and overcome and was victorious. So that same word has come to you and you're overcoming and you're victorious because the same one is now in you. Amen. Because the big p big picture perspective is that you realize you're the offspring of God. You're part of God. Amen. So if you're part of God and if he can't be defeated, you can't be defeated. &gt;&gt; Amen. NO MATTER WHAT YOU'RE FACING, LOOK AT THE BIG PICTURE PERSPECTIVE. I'M A CHILD OF eternity just having an experience in time and I'm going back into eternity. I came from God and I go back to God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Everything Everything that happens to us in this life that's not of God is not eternal. It has an end time. It has an end time. It's coming to an end. Amen. Trials are temporary. They're very temporary. Amen. You can you can look back you know in eternity when we look backward say that was such a short space of time upon the earth. Amen. You can you can be you know even you know you can live 70 years like you know six score and 10 years are given to all men. That's such a nothing in in in the expanse of even time upon the earth. And we're we're here just for a little bit. And so every every problem that comes our way comes to an end. Sickness comes to an end. Torment comes to an end. Amen. Unbelief comes to an end. Amen. Wayward withward loved ones, them being lost come to an end. They don't come to an end. Amen. They come home. We're living in a season of the return. &gt;&gt; Make room. &gt;&gt; Amen. Kill the fatted calf. &gt;&gt; Start celebrating. &gt;&gt; Give praise TO GOD. I MEAN, DON'T LOOK BY WHAT YOU SEE WITH YOUR EYES. LOOK BY THE REVELATION OF THE WORD. ALL THAT HAVE COME TO ME, THEY will come. All the father's GIVEN ME WILL COME to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why we can look WITH THE EYES OF FAITH because we see a big picture perspective. Amen. Where we can sit. Amen. &gt;&gt; We're not just God has made us in such a way. Your prayers matter. &gt;&gt; Your intercession matters. Your kings and priests of God. Amen. You got you got to look at your problem and say this is a very temporary problem. Amen. Like there's a lot of road cones around lower. They're a temporary problem. They're going to come to an end. Amen. And what has been envisaged in some engineer's MIND HAS BECOME MATERIAL AND WE'RE GOING TO hopefully enjoy the road, but it's a temporary thing. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; All problems in life are temporary. &gt;&gt; And they work for our good. &gt;&gt; Amen. And he says here, he says, "For our light affliction." I love it how the Apostle Paul, he went through a lot of things, but he realized when the Lord met him on the road to Damascus and he looked back in the Old Testament, saw the God he met there was the God who met Moses and Enoch and Noah and Elijah and all the prophets down through the ages. That great Jehovah God revealed himself. And then he began to realize, I'm a child of God more than of the lineage of Abraham, but I'm a child of God. And then so he could look at all the afflictions that he suffered of being of being misunderstood and chased from city to city and stoned and beaten and thrown in jail and robbed and shipwrecked and all these things. He says it is but a light affliction. And he can look back at all those things and say those things did not ruin me. They made me. I mean they developed me. Amen. They are working for me. I mean they were they were on my team. Really? Yeah. Workketh for us. not workketh against us. So you got to take a big picture perspective. All these things are to develop us. Amen. And to to mature us. Amen. Because remember character power without character is satanic. Power with character is fit to rule. &gt;&gt; Amen. And you look at all the you look at David. He had character that was fit to rule. Saul was a light affliction for him. All the trouble he went through, they were light afflictions working for him. What was that to do? To develop his character that he would trust in God and not in the arms of men. That he would trust in God and not his own ability. He would trust in God and not in not in anything around him. He would he would solely rest on the fact I was anointed by God. And it wasn't a temporary thing. It was an identification that I am king. Remember before Samuel ever came to Jesse's house, before God ever told Samuel to go to Jesse's house, David was king. But that seed had to come to life. Amen. That kingship was dormant, but it had to come to life. Surely it, you know, you know, it came to manifestation in small measures like he was the king over his sheep. But God was using that stage of his life. And then finally, the anointing came upon him. And the word said the spirit of God was with him from that day on. And then he begin to God be to show him, I'm going to show you you've got dominion. That's why the first big enemy that's recorded he came against was against Goliath. The biggest Philistine, not a little bitty Philistine, just a raw recruit, some young young fellow who had never fought a battle before, but a warrior from his youth. Cuz God wanted to show him, look, you have dominion over the biggest enemy, physical enemy that is imaginable. Amen. And you're not even going to use a sword or a spear or the weapons of war. You're going to use a slingshot to take down this big giant. Amen. TO PROVE TO YOU, AMEN. THAT MY anointing Amen. that you're an overcomer and you're a king. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. That's why our battles are big. &gt;&gt; That's why our battles are big cuz God wants to show you you can take down the biggest. &gt;&gt; Amen. You're the the God within you is more than able to have dominion over the biggest because God wants to show you you were born to have dominion. &gt;&gt; Amen. God wants to show you that you're not here just to be a servant and kicked around. No, we ain't some kicker kicked around group of people. No, we're the bride of Jesus Christ. I mean, we're the sons and daughters of God. Amen. So therefore, therefore, no spirit has a right to rule over us. Not for a second. Amen. No spirit has a right to try and take dominion over you and I. No, it's only the spirit of God that should rule us. Amen. And God wants to show that we have power over every spirit. Now Daniel, sorry this is a bit of family prayer from I think last night. But I just this this I really enjoy. I'm glad they were people. You think of Daniel, think of the believers through the Bible. Even even Paul or Peter would say that, you know, Elijah was of like, you know, man of like passions. So he was like us. Got frustrated, got up, down, troubled, all kinds of things. Even got to a point in his life where he prayed directly against the will of God for his life. He got under the juniper tree says, "God, take my life. I'm not worthy to live anymore. Just just just kill me now, Lord." He had no idea that his end was actually a chariot ride into glory. &gt;&gt; How many times we get to a spot where we're actually without knowing that we're praying contrary to the will of God for our lives because of our emotional, we get overwhelmed, we get troubled, all these things. God doesn't hold that against you. He knows what you're made of. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it pleased Darius to set over the kingdom 120 princes who should be over the whole kingdom and over these three presidents of whom Daniel was first that the princes might give accounts unto them and the king should have no damage. Then this Daniel was preferred above the presidents and princes because an excellent spirit was in him and the king thought to set him over the whole realm. So here's Daniel. He's been placed by the king. Now remember he was serving the Babylonians and now this is the me and Persians have come in. He was ruling Babylon. He was helping rule Babylon, right? Even when Nebuchadnezzar was out of his mind, he had a spirit of an ox for seven years and eating grass and all these things. Who was ruling the place? Daniel. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And then now the enemy enemy comes and invades Babylon. And Darius just says, "Okay, so you're ruling Babylon now. I'm going to place you over the whole empire basically now." But he had an excellent spirit. Now this excellent spirit, this word excellent, it means a preeminent or surpassing, extreme or extraordinary, exceedingly extremely. So it's a it's a preeminent spirit. Now Daniel wasn't an arrogant guy who walked around and thought that the world owed him everything because he was a believer. He was humble, meek, mild, but he had an excellent spirit. He had one that was preeminent. And to me, what that means is that that he did not let any other because he knew who he was. He knew he was a circumcised son of Abraham that God made a covenant with. It wasn't Daniel and Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo giving covenants to God as they walked out of Jerusalem as captives. It was the fact they remembered that the God of our fathers, Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, he made a covenant with them, and we are of their lineage. We're still his children. And they would have been talking. This is just me. I like to think about it. But they would have been talking being taken to Babylon and they would have been talking, brothers, let's serve God in Babylon. &gt;&gt; Can it be done? I DON'T KNOW. LET'S FIND OUT. &gt;&gt; LET'S GO DO IT. LET'S BE REMEMBER, WE'RE CHILDREN OF ABRAHAM. Where we are does not change that we're a child of Abraham. We don't suddenly become not children of Abraham because we cross the river Euphrates or we leave the borders of Israel. No, we're children of a Abraham every everywhere. I think it's a good attitude for Christians to take. I'm going to be a Christian at work. I'm going to be a Christian at school. I'm going to be a Christian at home. I'm going to be a Christian at church. I'm going to be Christian in the mall. I'm going to be a Christian WHERE NO ONE ELSE CAN SEE ME. I'M GOING to be a believer everywhere. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, what did he do? He had a he had a preeminent spirit. He did not allow any other spirit to take dominion over him that would because every spirit would try. You think you're coming into the superpower of the world at that time, they've just destroyed your city, you know, and you know there's so if they didn't know who they were, that place would have destroyed them. But because they knew who they were, I mean, they could withstand no matter what the cost, they weren't interested in, well, what's going to happen to us? That's irrelevant. We're children of Abraham. If we live, we live. If we die, we die. We're children of Abraham. That was the attitude of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego. They said to the king when, you know, he was telling them to worship the idol. He says, you know, uh, we won't be careful how we're going to answer you. So, basically, we're going to answer you straight, O king. If we burn, we burn. If we don't, God's able to deliver us. But whatever happens, we know who we are. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we are not GOING TO WE ARE NOT GOING TO LET OUR human spirits, our spirits come subject to the spirit upon you. Amen. But we are not of this world and we're not bowing to this world. and we're going to stand and doesn't matter what happens to us, we ain't bowing. &gt;&gt; I trust it's the same thing with you and I this tonight. Amen. That we are going to because we all have an excellent spirit. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have a preeminent spirit. What is that spirit? The spirit of sunship. Amen. When we know we're sons and daughters of God. Amen. We know that we're not just another human being. You know, we are his offspring. &gt;&gt; What about the person on the street? They can come too. I'm not ruling anyone out, you understand? But we got to but you got to know who you are. I'm not here to be dictated to by fashion or politics or whatever. You know, this is an election year. There's going to be a lot of lolly scramble promises and and and and division and arguments and fussing and fighting. God knows who's going to rule this country. &gt;&gt; It's going to work for his ends. &gt;&gt; Don't get stressed about it. God's able to do whatever whatever he wants to do, he's going to do it. Amen. And we don't know what this year holds. But I pray that we have such an excellent spirit that if the world falls apart, we don't stop being believers. &gt;&gt; Amen. If if every accusation comes against you, every every reason comes against you, say, "I'm sorry, you've come too late. I've been birthed by the word." Amen. This message has birthed me into the kingdom of God. I know who I am. I know the God I serve. I know he's the God of the Bible. You've come too late. &gt;&gt; Because it says in Proverbs, he that hath knowledge spe his words. And a man of understanding is of an excellent spirit. So, revelation gives us understanding. See, revelation gives you the full the big picture perspective. Amen. So, so we can say that we are a people because we're a people of understanding. Not that we humanly learned something, but because God opened our eyes to his word. I mean, he's quickened. He's taken the scripture off the page, tied it together from Genesis to Revelation, showed us who he is and showed us who we are. Cuz remember, if you know who you are, you know what you're not, &gt;&gt; right? It's like it's like Daniel knew who he was. So therefore, he knew he wasn't a compromiser. He knew he wasn't a lukewarm makebeliever. He knew he wasn't an unbeliever. He knew he wasn't a gentile. He knew he wasn't a Babylonian. He knew who he was. &gt;&gt; Right? So, if you know you're the bride of Jesus Christ, you know you're not a foolish virgin. &gt;&gt; You know you're not a makebeliever. You know you're not an unbeliever. You know you're not just a churchgoer. You know you're the bride of Jesus Christ. Bone of his blown, flesh of his flesh, life of his life. She is him. Why? Because Christ and the bride become one. &gt;&gt; Amen. I trust you know who you are. That means you know who you're not. &gt;&gt; Well, what about all the group identity politics going on? Well, I'm not that. &gt;&gt; I am a son of God. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because he's given us an understanding. If God's given you revelation that you're a child of God, I tell you that's enough to shout to the rapture. &gt;&gt; Amen. You can rejoice. Say, "I'm not of this world. I'm going to my real world. I'm just passing through this place. It's a temporary light affliction. I mean, but there's a home in glory waiting for me already. I mean, it's prepared before I even arrive. And God's made everything possible for me to get there. You know, if you got the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the rapture is already within you right now. I mean, you're actually rapture ready right now. And if you have the token of the Holy Ghost, you're ready to leave. &gt;&gt; Oh, whoa. What if I don't make it? I've already made it. &gt;&gt; I've already made it. Amen. I can't miss this plane. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I can't miss the boat. Amen. Cuz I've got a place on the boat and I've already signed up. Amen. Remember, if you if God has quickened you, you're a son or daughter of God, what's the full perspective? You have an if this body be dissolved. You have an eternal body waiting already in the heavens. Amen. And the reason you believe it here is because you've got that body there. You've got identification before the throne of God, which is that eternal body. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; That's a big picture perspective. So it doesn't matter what can happen to this guy. I've got a home waiting. Like Jesus would say, don't fear him that can destroy the body. Fear him that can destroy the body and soul in hell. &gt;&gt; You see? So why should we fear what could happen to us naturally? We want to love the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. I just shared this on on uh Sunday, but I just enjoy this. He says he proves all of his words. All of his words. Just think of it. All of his words. And you were his word and he was the word and you are part of his word. And that's the reason you're sent here to confirm your place in life. Amen. Daniel was sent to Babylon to confirm his place in life. Amen. It was more than just a prince or whatever house he came from in Israel, but that he would have he would he would have such an overcoming testimony. NO SYNAGOGUE, no preaching. Amen. No, no tapes to listen to, no YouTube to stream your favorite preacher, not a bunch of songs you can listen to just to enjoy, you know, godly music. He had nothing. But he knew who he was. And God sent him to Babylon to confirm his place in life, that he would have an excellent spirit, a one of supremacy, a preeminent life. Amen. That nothing in that world could make him bow. &gt;&gt; And you're sent here, too. You're sent here too to confirm your place in life. That's more than your job, more than your title, more than or any natural thing. It's actually that you're a son or daughter of God. That's a full perspective. &gt;&gt; You mean I was sent to this like brother Brandon speaks about the old school photography where it's actually a physical film. Who's seen that? Maybe you went to Tapa and seen it. You know, we used to have that before digital cameras were a thing. &gt;&gt; Wow. That's going back a long way. Like before the 2000s. Wow. You know, but but a but a film, you take a photo, then you had to take it to a dark room. Then you had to put it through a series of chemical washes and it just brought out what was imprinted on the film when you took the photo. It was brought through a development process in a dark room. And then all it did was actually reveal what was on the film when the photo was taken. And what did God do before the foundation of the world? took a photo of you at your best. &gt;&gt; That's in your eternal body, by the way. It's not it's not your peak at this in this thing, &gt;&gt; whatever that age was. Some of us peaked latest and whatever, you know. It's not that. It's it's a far better thing, right? But you see, he took a photo of you and then what did he do? He brought that he brought that into this dark room of time to develop what he took a photo of you before the foundation of the world. Because remember, death just changes our dwelling place. It doesn't change who we are. Amen. So if you're a believer here, you're a believer there. Amen. If you love the Lord here, you're going to love him there. Amen. If you've given your life here, well, you've already given it, but you know you know what I mean. You're not going to change over there. You're not going to suddenly wake up in eternity, if I put it that way, and be a different person. You'll be the same person. I mean, you just won't be in this body. I mean, just changing house. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. So God has sent us upon into this world to confirm your place in life. Amen. You're not a slave to sin. You're not a slave to this ladyan world. You're not a slave to your family upbringing or family spirits or national spirits. No, it's to confirm that God has broken those things by the new birth out of your life. Praise the Lord. He's going to confirm. He's confirming it. That's why you can look back and see testimonies of what God's done. What's God been doing? Confirming your place in life. You didn't belong in the world. &gt;&gt; That's not your place in life. You didn't even belong just going to church. That's not your place in life. Just I'm in the message. It's far more than that. &gt;&gt; It's the God of the message. The Lord Jesus Christ who made all things reveals himself personally to you. And the lights go on. Your eyes come open. And you see more than just a group of doctrines. You see a person. You see Jesus Christ alive. You see him prove his word in your life. You see the spirit of truth which is him come and illuminate the scripture. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And what's he doing? He's confirming you're my child. &gt;&gt; He knows that. He wants you to know that. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Now Jesus uh we read this in perfect faith. Now notice where he said to us. I won't be much longer. He says, "If you abide in me and my word in you," John 15. "If you abide in me, see, have faith in him. You abide in me and my words abide in you, then ask what you will." Now, see, he knew who he was. Therefore, he had faith. Faith could produce when he knowed what he was. Do you know who you are tonight? It gives you a faith that you're not just haphazardly here. Well, I think I'm a Christian or I pray you're not like this, but you know you're a believer. You know God's done a work in your life. You know that he died on Calvary for you. Amen. And therefore, you know you're a son or daughter of God. That produces a faith in your life. That you can walk by that faith. That if things come into your life which are very misunderstood things like a curveball, unexpected things and having trials suddenly drop into your life. You're not doubting does Jesus love me or not. &gt;&gt; You know he loves you. I mean you know he's proven his love that day on Calvary. know he's he's predestinated you. Amen. So, because you know you're his child, then you know you can never be lost and that nothing the devil can do in time can change what God did in eternity when he wrote your name on the last book of life. Right? So, so it produces a faith. I mean that God can do anything. He can do an instant miracle. If not, it's okay. &gt;&gt; Is that okay? &gt;&gt; Amen. I mean faith workketh patience, right? So we can wait on the Lord. However, he wants to prove his word. Praise the Lord. I'm happy with it. Amen. It's all light afflictions, &gt;&gt; right? So it produces a faith and faith could produce when he know what he was. He says, "Now if you abide in me, my word in you, then you know who you are. Ask what you will and it'll be given you." See, you have a a producers of faith. Lord, I'm your child. Your blood has destroyed any gap between you and I. broke broke down that middle wall of partition. Abolish the chasm. Now it's you and God are one unit. The blood puts you on speaking terms. Amen. And that and that transcends how you're feeling, what you're going through, how happy you are, how many mind battles you have or don't have. It transcends all that. You're on speaking terms with God. Amen. And what does it do? You have faith now. Lord, you heard my prayer the first time. You'll hear this one, too. Amen. I believed your word back there. I still believe it. And actually, you've given me more faith since I first believed. You've matured my faith. It's expanded in my life. Things don't toss me to and fro like they used to. What's happened? Faith has taken a greater preminence in your life. We have a greater stability, a greater trust, a greater rest. Amen. You're not trying to work things out or reason things. You just believe God. &gt;&gt; Aren't you glad you can be like that? &gt;&gt; Well, how's he going to do it? That's his business. I just praise him. He's going to do something. Amen. I don't come to him with a pre-existing condition. Lord, you got to do it this way. I just commit it to him and God does what he wants to do in his time. Praise the Lord. Amen. It gives us it actually gives us a perfect faith that it's that it's a faith which is only believe all things are possible. So it's not faith and understanding or faith and reasoning or faith and working it out or faith and human works. It's just faith. It's just revelation. Brother Bram says here, he says, "Now, wouldn't it wouldn't that be wonderful tonight if everyone can come in that prayer line say I'm a Christian? I have no condemnation. I know that my heart condemned me not. Something tells me that tonight's the end of my suffering." Wouldn't it be great if we had come &gt;&gt; to him? There's nothing between my soul and my savior. He's eradicated them all. He's taken it all away. I've confessed my sins. It's all under the blood. There's nothing between me and him. And something's telling me that tonight is the end of my suffering. There's, remember, there's an end to suffering. &gt;&gt; There's an end to it. &gt;&gt; Either either by God doing something here, he just he just takes us home. There's an end to suffering then. But there's an end to all suffering. Amen. We do not have to let those things rule our lives. There's people in this building tonight who are suffering, but yet victorious. Amen. That tells me faith is ruling. Faith has dominance. Amen. Their their spirit is an excellent spirit. Though they may be hurting, going through great things, but faith has preeminence. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why does it show that it's not the human element that rules? It's actually Christ in you, the hope of glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. What you going to do? You'll go away with something. No matter how much you come in with um how much you come in emotion, how much you do, it won't work until perfect faith has manifested and identified itself in you as a substance. And when it's there, then nothing's going to shake it from you. What it's a it's a revelation anchors into your heart. I mean, nothing can shake you from that. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. But you see, we need to rest in the Lord. I'm I'm I'm going to kind of do a bit of a segue thing like this, okay? But we need to rest in the Lord because the big picture tells us all is well. It's like the Shudomite woman, her son was dead. She got to the prophet and said all is well. Amen. Because she had perfect faith that God heard that man's prayers and God gave gave the son. Then God can raise the son. &gt;&gt; Amen. like Abraham, you know, God just told Abraham, "Go take take Isaac, your only son, and go sacrifice him on the mountain. I'll show you." And Abraham tells the men that they're journeying with, they just the men come part of the way and and and he tells the men, "Stay here. I and the lad go and worship and we'll come back." So Abraham had a revelation. I'm going with the promised son. I'm going to bring him back even though God tells me to sacrifice him. &gt;&gt; That's incredible to me. Amen. because it was more than just a He knew something was going to happen. Praise the Lord. Now, I'm sorry. I'm kind of see see but he had perfect he was resting in the Lord's ability. Amen. That God was going to if God take his life, God can restore his life. And the big picture says all is well. Because remember, God told Abraham through Isaac, you're going to have many, many children. This is the promised seed. So, he saw the big picture. So whatever was going to happen between Isaac killed or not, whatever burnt up in ashes or not, God was going to just say if he actually did kill Isaac and he was burnt up on the altar, then God was going to bring him back because through him was going to come all of these children, right? So the Abraham saw the big picture. He wasn't looking at just the then and the well we're going up the mountain. This is it. No, he saw the big picture. Whatever happens in this incident is not going to change the end result. Are you following me? It's the same thing in our lives. sink can seem impossible and crazy just naturally, but that's not the end result. The big picture can look beyond those circumstance, say, "No, God's more than able. This is the promise of the end. I'm going to rest in that." Praise the Lord. Amen. He says, "See, we have, if you look at the big picture, we have more authority in heaven than an archangel who never fell &gt;&gt; because we're his children. They're servants. They can never become heirs of the kingdom. They are not his. Amen. No angel can be a child of God because they weren't made thus. They're not part of him. They're created beings to serve him, but they're not his children. It's like if I hired some servants, they can never be my children. My DNA is not in them. &gt;&gt; Amen. It doesn't matter if I brought them up from a baby and I actually adopted them in. They could never be full-blood children because they're not mine biologically. Are you with me? Amen. My my human spirit is not in them. My DNA is not in them. They don't look like me. They don't act quite like me because they have different ch uh parents, right? And the angels were created by God, but they weren't made as his children. They're just made servants, right? But we are God's children. &gt;&gt; Amen. He we are the ones he's looking for. We are the ones he's interested in. Amen. And so that's why who has more power with God? Who has the most power in heaven? A sinner that's been saved by grace or an archangel that's standing by his right side? It's a sinner that's been saved by grace has more authority in heaven than the archangel that stood by his side without sin because he's a son. The son has more authority than a servant. Of course. Amen. So the devil, as I've said many times, he's a fired servant. He is not He is not a All of his all him and all the demons under him are just servants that got fired. Amen. They've lost the they got kicked out of the family business. They ne So so they have fallen from their position and God ain't going to restore them. Amen. But we were born fallen and God's determined to restore us because we're his children. Amen. So therefore, because we're God's children, we have more authority or power in heaven than Satan himself. &gt;&gt; So why should we fear anything when our father hears our prayer and he acts according to his own will and everything's working after the counsel of his will. We can rest in everything he does. I trust this is coming out right. But we have such a faith, &gt;&gt; God, you made me a child. I'm your offspring. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. It just kind of anchored to me in the song service. I'm your offspring God. &gt;&gt; A son can be such a you I'm part of him. His life is in me. Say his spiritual DNA is in me. Amen. HIS CHARACTER BY THE NEW BIRTH is in me. Amen. ALL THERE IS HE'S POURED INTO me cuz I'm his child. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. If I'm his child, I can never be lost. I can go wayward, but he'll deal with ME, BUT I CAN NEVER BE LOST. And therefore, cuz he has dominion over the Satan and all of his imps, I have dominion also. &gt;&gt; Amen. And God, according to his perfect will, will answer prayer and do what he wants to do. But God's going to prove his victory through our lives cuz we are his children. &gt;&gt; That's why we can see the big picture. If people get caught up in some religious spirit, we can look beyond that and we can intercede. We're sons and daughters of God. We're intercessors. We're priests under the most high God. We can intercede on their behalf. And God can move that spirit out of the way. God can bring deliverance. God can bring redemption. God can bring salvation. God can bring prodals home. Why? Because God hears our prayer cuz we're his children. &gt;&gt; Amen. And and if the Lord said, "If your fathers give you good gifts being evil, how much more your heavenly father? How much more the desires of our heart for our families?" Amen. For our loved ones. AMEN. THAT GOD'S WORD IS AS IT IS it is his WILL THAT THEY BE SAVED. ABSOLUTELY. HE'S NOT WILLING THAT ANY WOULD PERISH, but all would come to repentance. So, we're not praying contrary to his contrary to his word. I tell you what, friends, even even even Cain had a chance. &gt;&gt; And if he agreed, he would have been saved. &gt;&gt; There's no one that cannot be saved. OH, THEY BLASPHE. WHO CARES? I'M NOT LOOKING AT THAT. &gt;&gt; AMEN. The Apostle Paul was a blasphemer. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That was just a temporary problem. cuz he was an eternal child of God. &gt;&gt; So, do we see the big picture? &gt;&gt; Or we just look, oh, they said this and this and this and this and no, no, no. Look beyond that. &gt;&gt; Look beyond their fault. See their need. Look to the end. Look at the promise of the word. &gt;&gt; Hey, we were God's enemies once. That's &gt;&gt; true. &gt;&gt; We used to wake up every day driven by a carnal nature actually led by Satan himself, contrary to God. Whether we realize it or not, even just a religious person is fighting God. But God softened our heart, turned us around. &gt;&gt; So if he can do that for you and I, how much more how much more anyone else &gt;&gt; for that matter? &gt;&gt; But you see, if we get all flustered, then God can't use you. &gt;&gt; Just sit still. He's big enough to tell you. And so just keep on speaking terms with him, and he will tell you what to do when you get there. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What's going to happen, Lord, when I get there? I'll tell you, but don't get flustered. I don't think Daniel was a man who was flustered. &gt;&gt; He was troubled. He had trouble. He had problems, but I don't think he got too flustered or flustered that God couldn't use him. &gt;&gt; Why? Because he was a man of prayer. He kept that connection. He kept he kept surrendered to the Lord out of love and thanksgiving. Hallelujah. Well, I don't know what to love the Lord about. Thank you, Lord. I'm your child. Thank you, Lord. You redeemed me on Calvary. Thank you. You've revealed yourself to me, Lord. That's enough. That's enough to take you here to the new heavens and new earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. It's best. It's best just to carry out our commission. Then let him tell you uh let him tell us what to do when we get there. After we get there, don't you think so? Very fine. So, don't get flustered. If you get flustered, you got to just just take a step back and say, "Lord, help me." Because the devil wants to make you flustered. Remember remember with uh Brother Bram and the maniac that came on the uh platform in Oregon, spat in his face, tried to get him into a carnal way boxing, I'll tell you, limb from limb and tried to get him out of the spirit of God and get him into a carnal way to fight. Right? But brother Ram didn't get flustered cuz he realized actually the one I represent is in me. &gt;&gt; He's present and he could see that man. He felt sorry for that man. He thought he must have a a a family somewhere. Look what he's become. He felt sorry for him. He didn't he wasn't condescending towards him in his attitude. He felt sorry cuz he realized that guy was a slave to that spirit. Can't we be the same way? not condescending. See, I don't think Daniel was a man who was condescending. He was humble, meek, mild, gentle. So, don't get flustered. Just trust the Lord. He'll tell you when you get there. Amen. We're just going to finish with this. Micaiah would we all we all know the story of Micaiah. I was just looking if I had a photo of it, but you know, Jehoshaphat and Ahab would be would be joined together to re retake Ramoth Gilead from the Syrians. And so Jehoshaphat being a godly king said to said to Ahab, "Well, you know, we got some prophets and let's let's hear what they say. Let's hear what God will say." So all 400 of those prophets, they got excited and they were they were prophesying. And the leader of the organization made some uh horns and said, "By these you'll push out the Assyrians out of the country." And Jehoshaphat said, "Well, that's all very well, but have you got one more prophet?" And then Ahab probably would have looked like probably paused and maybe looked at him sideways saying, "You know, but there's 400 here. Why do you want another one?" And he says, "Well, I do have one, but he hates me. He always prophesies evil against me." And Jehoshaphat said to Ahab, "Oh, don't let the king say so. Just just just go get him." Okay. And then so as um the messengers now went to go get Micaiah and then the messenger began to tell Micaiah the the testimonies coming out of the ministerial meetings they just had in front of the king and how everyone was caught up and excited and said what the prophets prophesied and all these things. Listen, see what's happening now is is is there is a a people who are only seeing a small part of the picture. These prophets were seeing just a small part of the picture. But Micaiah was told, you just you just say what they say and then you can come back and we'll have fellowship and it'll be good. But Micaiah said, as the Lord liveth, what the Lord saith unto me, that will I speak. So here was a man who could who wasn't willing just to look at the small part of the picture. You want to look at the big picture. And then so he told he told uh Ahab he went there and and and um you know Micaiah said, "Ahab, go and you'll conquer." Like real real sarcastic. And then and then Ahab said to him, I mean said to Jehoshaphat, "Don't you see this guy always prophesied evil against me?" And then Micaiah said, "I saw Israel scattered like sheep with no shepherd." And then so and then and then um Ahab said to him, "Listen, put him in the end of prison. Feed him the water of sorrow and bread of sorrow till I return or bread of affliction." Verse 27. And Micaiah said, "If thou return at all in peace, the Lord has not spoken by me." He said, "Hearken, O people, every one of you." So he he said basically that you're going to die in this battle, Ahab. And but but how would he how would he come to this conclusion? because because the meeting was 400 prophets all caught up very charismatic move and prophesying all these things but you see Micaiah wasn't interested in what he saw the expression he wanted to look at the big picture and the only way that he could see the big picture was take take what he saw and what was going on back to the prophecy of the word and so Micaiah would studied the message books of Elijah And Elijah said the dogs would lick Ahab's blood. Right? So he realized actually this whole thing because what they were saying the 400 prophets were prophesying contrary to the word of Elijah. So Micaiah he he actually saw no the bigger picture is God is allowing all these things to happen because there's some dogs that are going to lick Ahab's blood. He's going to die. And so Micaiah took the vision he saw which was he saw a lying spirit come out of hell go up to heaven where they're having a meeting saying how can we get Ahab to fall in battle to fulfill the words of Elijah. And the lying spirit said I'll get into those prophets cuz they'll just fall for whatever I say cuz they don't have the big picture. They don't have the word. Amen. And then and then Micaiah said this is what happened. And of course you know the rest of the story. Ahab and that Jehoshaphat go and fight. Ahab gets struck by an arrow, stays in his chariot. They can't get out of the battle. He bleeds to death in the chariot and he's buried in whatever sephiler and dogs come and lick the blood off the chariot. But you see what did Micaiah do? He had the big picture perspective because he compared his vision with the word. I trust we do the same thing. Doesn't matter how emotional it may seem, how great things may seem. Can we take everything back to the word? Because if you got a big picture perspective, you will take everything back to the prophecy. So this is in summary. Now let's have the musicians please tonight. Are you looking at the big picture as you work through uh walk through? It should be life, not like so I can't spell. But are you are you looking at the big picture? What is the big picture perspective? The word that's revealed. Are you are you looking at that as you walk through life? Do you see where you come from and where you're going? Do you see that? I come from God and going back to God. Do you see situations through the lens of you being a son or daughter of God? See, if you see things through that lens, you realize all things work together for good because I love the Lord. I'm called according to his purpose. Amen. that everything is is going to develop me and my character to be more like his character or you just get frustrated and and question and get angry at God or do you see the big picture? I trust you see the big picture. Everything happens for us. Everything happens to us for a reason, for a purpose. And God is interested in character. That's why he's developing us in this time. Okay. So, never don't think, well, God's forsaken you. He's angry at you. No, no. He's developing character. That's what he's interested because the only thing we can take with us is our &gt;&gt; character, right? So, praise the Lord. I trust we see the big picture. Amen. As you could maybe ponder on those three words, where were you? As God would ask Job, where were you? Where was I before the foundation of the world? I was shouting for joy. All the sons of God I'm sorry I'm just I'm finished. I'm just going to enjoy myself for a few minutes. All the sons of God were shouting. We were shouting. We're in God's mind and he saw us. He took a photo of us. Remember that. And and that photo is more than just a image. It's more than just an image. It's our character, our nature, how we respond, our attitude. It's us as an entire person. And he saw us shouting and rejoicing. And he knew what's eternal stays that way. We may take this bypass through time, come into this veil of humiliation to be tested, tried, and molded and shaped. But we're coming out the other side shouting. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Because we're not just shouting when the when the foundation stones are being placed in all these things. We'll be shouting around the throne. New heavens and new earth. New Jerusalem redeemed. Eternity rolls on. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's um let's stand, shall we? Tonight. Sorry, I've kept you, but uh I want to I want to sing us sing the song. I have a reason to worship. Amen. Okay, let's go. Before the world began, you knew my name. You held me in your hand. When the earth was silent, I was there with you singing your praise. And I came to the earth. I took my first breath and the cry I made was singing your praise. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling the names of my sin and I shame and save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. I saw the journey of this road that I was not alone. You're there with me in every high and every low. And you started to call me from eternity. Salvation run out through your blood. I'm redeemed. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name. Took my sin and my shame and you saved me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosan. I was lost. Now I am saved. Hosana. Jesus has conquered the grave. Hosana. I was lost. Now I am saved. I have a reason to worship. I have a reason to praise you. I have a reason to lift up my hands and rejoice. I have a reason to sing. When I was lost in the darkness, you came to find me. I heard you calling my name to my sin and my shame and you save me. Now I can call you my savior. I can call you redeemer. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. I can call you my healer, my father, my friend. I can call you my king. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Aren't you glad you can call him your healer, father, friend? &gt;&gt; Amen. I have a reason to worship. Praise the Lord. Let's just finish with uh lead me. Amen. Cuz that's what we want, isn't it? Lord, lead me. Lead me through this life, Lord Jesus. Amen. You know the way I should go. Praise the Lord. Some say I call on my imaginary friend. &gt;&gt; When I call upon you, Jesus. Some call me weak because I say that I'm not strong. The Lord comes from Jesus. But Jesus, I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. To take you by the hand. No, I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. Take you by lead me. You're much higher. Lead me. You're much wiser. Lead me. Wherever you'll take me, I'll go. Oh, through the fire I'll go. Through the valley I know you know my way back home that's brought us to our knees cuz there we'll praise you Jesus though we can't see you faith is telling us you're Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I will praise you Jesus. So Jesus I won't be ashamed. Take you by the hand. Take you by the hand. Oh, I won't be ashamed. Take you by the hand. Take you by the hand. Oh, leave me. You're my lead me. You're my lead me. Where you take me, I'll go. Oh, through the fire I'll go. Through the valley I know you know my way back home and the ocean hold when the stars fall from the sky and the mountains flee way. Your life will still rain for me. You're my tri. You're my lead me. Where you take me, I'll go. Through the fire I'll go. Through the valley I know you know my way back home. Oh lead me. You're much higher. Lead me. You're much wiser. Lead me. Where you'll take me. I'll go. Through the fire I'll go. Through the valley I know you know my way back home. I know you will lead me. Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, I pray dear God we'd always have a big picture perspective in every stage of life. everything we're going through. Lord, may we always take everything back to your word like Micaiah did. May we have an excellent spirit like Daniel did. Hallelujah, Lord. Cuz we're your children, Father. You don't want us under any subjection to any spirit, anything of man. Anything is not of you. So, dear God, I pray that you would just continue to reveal us, reveal to continue to reveal to us who we are in you as your sons and daughters, your offspring. Father, may you bless each one here, dear God. And I pray, Father, that Lord, may we not look at things through our what our emotions or our reasoning or our conscience or our imaginations tell us, what we see with our eyes or hear with our ears, but may we look at everything, Lord, in the big picture perspective based on your word. Granted, dear God, I pray you'd dismiss us with your blessings now. We thank you, Lord, for this time in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. Lead me Oh, the glory of the from me. Forever he will be. He is the lamb upon the throne. So unlike me and worship all heaven be the glory of the I will compare with the beauty of forever he will The lamb upon the throne. The lamb upon the throne. And I gladly bow my knee. I gladly bow my knee and worship him. I will proclaim for the glory of the ris to reconile man to God forever. He will be the lamb upon the throne. I gladly bow my knee and worship him Lord. Oh forever forever he will be the lamb upon the throne. I gladly bow my knee and worship him and I gladly bow my knees and worship in the Lord.
