################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-07-24 - 2407-24 - Building The Believer - Bro Armand Struwig - Armand Struwig.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-07-24
Title:    2407-24 - Building The Believer - Bro Armand Struwig
Speaker:  Armand Struwig
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 40m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PRK4HxH30pM
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening Service | Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington 2024
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
that we walk out here changed and with victory, Lord Jesus, and a smile on our faces, Lord Jesus. And I Lord, I just pray that you be with us all now in Jesus name. Amen. Start. Ready? Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face. Let it sing forever on his saving gra on the streets of glory. Oh, let me be with my voice. His old pass and lost heaven to adore as I journey through the land. Singing as I go. pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson fall. Many arrows pierce my soul from without my lord lead. Oh, I want to see it looking on his face. Let us sing forever on his saving grace. On the streets of glory, oh let me lift my voice so many miles to rejoice. [Music] I look toward the mountain high and behold my savior there leading in the fire with a tender hand I'll straight toward the valley low guiding me I can see as I would go oh I want to see him broken on his Let it sing forever. Roman saving gra on the streets of glory. Oh, let me lift my voice. There's no pass to rejoice in service for my own toward now. Not only are we more closer, he will give me life. Sentence may vex my soul. Turn my thoughts aside. Find my Lord. Go ahead. Please whatever. Oh, I want to see it. Look upon his face. Let it sing forever. All his saving grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice. Gle at last to rejoice. And before mess rise from the mighty deep. When my Lord directs my B safely here and he leads me gently on through this road below. He's a real friend to me. Oh, I love him so. Oh, I want to see him open up on his face. Let us sing forever saving grace [Music] of glory. Oh, let me my voice of my life to Oh, I want to see. Oh, I want to see it. Look upon his face. Let him sing forever on his saving gra on the streets of glory. Oh let my voice oh my love never to rejoice. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God change the he [Applause] [Music] eternal hope to God's unchanging hand time is filled with swift transition [Music] Can't stand [Music] your home. [Music] Oh to God's unchanging air. Oh to God's unchanging air. [Applause] Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on the detangsoever [Music] may If I be forsaken, still more closely to me. So hold to God's unchanging hand. Hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Build your hopes on things eternal know to God's unchanging end [Applause] of this world's mira [Music] so rapidly decay. seek to gain the empty treasure. They never pass away. [Music] So hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on the deeper know. Oh, God's unchanging. When your journey is some pleasant and if God you have been true [Music] the whole mayor [Applause] [Music] rape of you. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Build your hopes on things eternal. [Music] Oh to God unchanging. You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Hold to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Just voice it sound. Oh to God's unchanging hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Applause] Build your hopes on things eternal. Oh, to God's unjing hand. Amen. You should slow it down a bit tonight. [Music] Be thou my Oh, Lord of mine. Lord be allowed to be saved now. Thou my best [Music] by name. Oh my God. Wakey all seeing thy presence my be thou my be thou my to [Music] ever with thee and thou belong. Thou my great father and thy true son. Thou in dwelling that I will be riches. Mighty empty praise. [Music] Thou mighty name since thou and thou and thou be in my heart. A king of heaven, my treasure. [Music] I be all of heaven when victory won. May I reach heaven's doors, oh bright, heaven son, heart of my own, whatever before still be my vision over rule. Sing that verse again. Oh high king of heaven will make allies one. May I reach heaven joys of bright heaven son. Heart of my own love forever before. still be my day. Oh, [Music] this is my desire [Music] to honor you. Glory Lord my heart I worship you. All I have within me I give you praise. All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] for have your way in me. The verse one. [Music] This is my desire [Music] to honor you. [Music] Glorify Lord my heart. I will save you. [Music] And all I have within me I give you praise. All that I know. I alone is in you. Lord, Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment of the way, Lord, have your morning in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take in moment away, Lord, have your way. Lord, I give you my heart and I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, oh have your way in me. Isn't that all of our prayer? I just have more of Jesus in our life. Amen. May he fill you tonight to overflowing. Amen. May this night not be wasted. May you redeem the time. We've driven so far to get here. We fought the whole day to make it here. You got an hour or so, depends how it goes, of just in his presence. May the Lord take the service and have everything under his control. Amen. May you leave your blessed. Yes. And if you can pull, he'll come knocking at your door. Just keep pulling. Amen. Let's just open up in a word of prayer. Our gracious heavenly father, as the music plays, Lord, we've done all we can. We now stand before you, Lord. If you don't come, Lord, this is all in vain. Father, our heart's desire is that you would walk closer to us, Lord, and we walk closer to you and that we will be like you and the father, Lord, when Jesus was here upon the earth, that you said, "I am in my father and my father in me." Lord, so we are in you, Lord, and we are a part of you, Lord. And we know that part you're going to receive back to yourself one day in the form of that rapture, Lord. And our bodies will be changed, Lord. and the dead in Christ shall rise and there will be a calling up Lord and we will be gathered in heaven meeting you right there Lord and we'll have an awesome time father and Lord I pray that tonight you will just give us a glimpse of that eternal life glimpse of that heaven that you call us to just a just a glimpse of why you have this beautiful plan of redemption and why you've chosen us Lord and how you see and how man sees Lord we just ask that you would just show us your word in simplicity Lord and that you would come our way, knock on our door and Lord come in fellowship Lord give us something that will give us strength that will build our faith Lord that will get us closer to you Lord and even if we're backslid and in such a state Lord that we don't even can recognize your voice that you would call those ones back Lord call them to repentance father call them to a sincere walk with you Lord Lord because like brother Hannah said we're here in the in the business of saving people Lord bringing them to you, Lord, to encourage people to walk closer with Jesus, to serve one another, Lord. So may that be our night tonight, Lord. May we just, Lord, minister to us and may we go out here, Lord, and seek those last ones because Lord, without them, we can't go home. I pray you'll bless the service. I take the words out of my mouth and you place your words in there, Lord. You take my thoughts away and you put your thoughts in there, Lord. And anybody that's listening, will you anoint them? Will will they hear this word for you, Lord? May you minister unto them, Lord. Lord, may you just do a one-on-one work with them tonight. I pray that's my heart's desire. Come our way, Lord Jesus, and just come and fellowship with us. Lord, I still want to pray for brother Phil in the hospital. Strengthen my brother, Lord. Help him. Any sick and afflicted that's here among us, strengthen them, Father. You are the healer. Doctors can do only so much. You have to do the healing, Lord. So I pray you'll go by them way Lord and you'll touch them and you will just speak to them and may they just feel like they're right in the service with us Lord and bless everyone there on the internet Lord and everybody that took the time to come to this service tonight Lord you minister to them in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Musicians, thank you so much. Thank you brother Josh. I was so blessed with all these songs. Um we're going to go there to the book of John. John 10 verse 25. We're going to start there. Who loves the Lord. Amen. Amen. Just going to take a sip of water. God bless you saints. Everybody there? Cuz if you read, you know when I read it, miss, you can read between the lines cuz sometimes I skip a word or two. And I don't mean it on purpose. It just happens. Okay. So, we're going to go there to verse 25. And Jesus answered them, "I told you that ye believe not the works that I do in my father's name. They bear witness of me, but ye believe not because you are not my sheep." And um as I said unto you, my sheep hear my voice. And I know them and they follow me. Yeah. It's a concept we have in the world today. This thing called following. Yeah. It's quite there, eh? Yeah. But see, Jesus wants you to follow him. Yeah. Amen. Simple. It's not asking for much. Doesn't say go and do great exploits. It says I want you to follow me. Okay. Let's go on. and I give unto them eternal life, and they shall never perish, neither shall a man pluck them out of my hand. My father which gave them to me. So, see, you're already given to God. Yeah, it's already his work. Though you can be in the worst state of your life, if God has predestinated you, you will come. It's done. It's He says, which gave them to me. So, this is past tense. He already knows you. You're written on the palms of his hand. So beautiful. say, "Amen." He says, "And greater than all, there is no man able to pluck them out of my father's hand. And I and I and my father are one." Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord Jesus, we open this Bible. And it's great, Lord, to be open opening this word, Lord. But really, you can only open it to us, Lord. You can only give us a real revelation of your word. So we just ask Lord that you will take this service, take this words, anoint them Lord and use them for your kingdom and minister unto your bride in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. Now the thing that I was thinking about so this was all random. What happened is I had a I have a service and and we're going to go on with this. But I was sitting there about I would say about half 4 this afternoon. Now the Lord blessed me. I had a whole day where I could just spend time with the Lord, you know. So sometimes when the devil thinks there's nothing on, everything's on. So I've just spent time. I didn't put any pressure on it. I said, Lord, you just speak to your people tonight. But I want I want to know what you want to say. Yeah. And this this words came up, follow me. Now, now and again, I do little videos on our on our websites and all those things and and on LinkedIn, you can follow someone if they have a similar interest in you. And so it's on show social media, Twitter, all those places. You can follow someone. But see, you must know where this guy's going. Yeah. Because be careful who you follow. It might like look good at the eyes, but if you don't know where this character is going, be careful. Amen. Because he might lead you into the wrong places. I would actually say he will lead you into the wrong places. Now, I know they always say we follow a man. You know, we follow a man. We follow William Brham. That's what they say to us. You're Brandomites. You follow a man. No, I follow Jesus Christ. That man introduced me to him. But see, if I would follow the footsteps of William Brandham, I could see miracles happen. I could see people coming back to God. I can see I can see the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. I see healing. I see revival. I see God's the back parts of God's mind being told to me. So yes, this message is true and I follow the message but it introduced me to Jesus Christ. So remember, as much as we are a follower and we believe in the message and we know that the message opened up the word of God to us and and explained all the mysteries, we're not a follower of William Brandham. We're a follower of Jesus Christ. And Fish, you said it as well. And I and I I like it that we've got such great ministry here. Brothers that love the Lord that could just empty themselves out and God Sunday after Sunday and Wednesday can just minister unto his bride. Don't miss these moments cuz they're precious. They're really precious. But I want to ask you, who do you follow? Amen. Because we find ourselves spending a lot of time following people which is actually not worth following, which is just a waste of time and it's going to get you into a place where you don't really want to be. I also want to tell you young people and this is to you. I'm preaching to you. So don't fall asleep on me because I'll pick on you. Okay? So so you got we've got an hour. You you worked hard at school. You did all you can. This is not for the parents. This is for you. So I'm just letting you know I'm preaching at your level tonight. We're not going to try to unveil mysteries here. We're not going to tell you about major visions and all those things. We're going to tell you how do you pick your friends. So a simple thing like picking the right friend has a massive a massive weight on you and and an imprint on you in your life for the good for the bad. Don't try to save your friends. You can't do it. Don't try to be a friend of somebody that's smoking and drinking and throwing his life away because you're trying to save him. Be careful. Let him be your friend. I want you to listen. Let him be your friend because you're the influence. But if you come under someone else's friendship, he's the influence. So let you be the influence. Because if you're the influence, if you stand with all that you can stand, then your friends will see a sincerity, a honesty, an upright man right in front of them. Amen. And no matter how much you preach at that guy, your life testifies what you believe. Amen. Hallelujah. So you can't speak with this one thing and live with this the other thing because they will catch you out because as much as you think you have control over what you say and do, your life will just keep on living. That's it. You just keep on living. This is you. You're Reuben. You're AB. You're Mo. You're Jono. This who you are. That's what God made you. You can't deny this, you know. So sometimes your mannerisms, the way you react to certain stuff, the the things that happens, that's just how you would react. But your character must be Christ. Because when your friends are looking for Jesus Christ, I hope they can see him in your life. Amen. Because if they not, you're a follower of someone, right? So it's hard, but it's true. So when I was your age, I wish I picked Jesus Christ. Yeah. I really did. Because the people that led me led me into wrong places, really bad places. And though they were sincere friends, they were sincerely wrong. And I was sincerely fooled. So I think I hammered that point enough. We get it. Amen. Can I have a amen there, brothers? Amen. Amen. Okay. So if we preach, I need you to preach with me. All right. So, we're going to go there to Proverbs and we go Proverbs 15 and we're going to go verse 30. And there's a principle because we're all like doom scrolling and flicking and and liking and all those type of things, don't we? Oh, so none of our youth is on on in Instagram or Facebook or maybe not Facebook because that's no lame, but Instagram and and I don't know what where Snapchat and so none of you are on it. Hey, you all just No phones, eh? Yeah, right, Mo. Okay, so I want to tell you something. The moment you parents give your child a phone, you better have the bees and the and the flowers talk to them because guess what's on their phones? No matter how you try to lock that thing down, guess what's on their phones? So the moment you take a phone and you put it in your child's hand, you better know he's in the age of accountability where it can handle the stuff. If you've done it before the time, woe unto you. I warn you. In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, I warn you, you're opening up a book that they can't read yet. Amen. So remember, maturity comes to a child when he can proves himself mature. Yeah. But you cannot give a bomb in the hand of a child, a TV in a hand of a child if they can't handle it yet. That's parent delinquency. That's your fault. Don't do it. Come on. No matter how much family link you want to lock this thing down to, if they can't handle it, don't give it to them. They're not ready. They're not ready. That's it. If you cannot trust them with the car car keys, you can't trust them with the money in your wallet. You can't trust them that far. Why would you want to give them a phone? Why? You're setting them up to fail. And you children that wants a phone before your time, you cannot handle it. You can't. If you're not filled with the Holy Ghost, you cannot handle a phone because what you're about to open up there is going to scar you and it's going to make an impression on you and you're not ready for it because you want to fight a fight that your parents are struggling to overcome sometimes. I've got parents I've got people that I know that can't stay off social media. They can't stay off their phone. When they talk to each other, there's a phone between them. But you children think you can handle this. You can't. You're not ready. Be careful. If you want a phone, get old 6110. You can bounce that thing off, catch it again, and still answer the phone. And it's got the little snakes thing that runs around. But you're not ready for a TV. You're not. Because there's people on you that want you to follow them. Oh, but I'm going to put the table on you. I'm going to put the message on you. And I'm going to read my Bible, eh? With my headset on and a show in the background. As if we didn't do that. I want you to realize this. Our parents aren't against you. We just sometimes know the maturity of our child. And even if we don't know, go pray for it. You pray parents before you give your children a phone. You go pray over it hard and very hard. That's right. And you make sure you get a yes from the Lord before you do that. Because if they're not ready, you're opening a world that they cannot handle. I want to reach my children. They don't need a video for me to reach them. They don't need to YouTube two or three or four hours for me to reach them. Buy them a 6110. Won't hurt them because all we want to know as parents is are they safe? Have they actually gone to AB's house? Is AB at AB's house? So now that we have established that's right, can I speak to Sister Shannon? Yep, AB is here. That's it. Reuben made it to AB's house. It's all you want to know as parents because remember what they be do behind your back, they'll do behind your back anyways. But what they forget is who's judging, who's looking, right? No matter what I see or what I don't see, God's still seeing. He's the allseeing eye. You can't hide from him. Even what you Google on your phone, you can't hide from him. So we go to Proverbs and it says, "The light of the eyes rejoicth the heart." So your eyes opens up a pathway to your heart. Yeah. And what you look upon, like fish said, the first look, hey, the second looks up to you, right? I hope you get it. First look, oh, second look, no ways. Still that power of decision is in your hand. It's called free moral agency. But you should remember that that has an influence upon the heart. And like a man thinkketh in his heart, God discerns the thought and the intent of the heart. So where's God looking? Yeah. The heart. So what are you putting in your heart? Right. Amen. I hope you you you're following me. Don't lose me now. This is all you young people. What are you putting in your heart? That's right, brother. Because it's going to manifest. It's a seed that you plant within this place that belongs to God. And there's rubbish in there and nonsense in there and it's manifesting and we can see it all of us. Who are you trying to fool? Who are you following? Now, I'm not trying to say you have to sit the whole day and just think on Jesus Christ. I don't don't get me wrong. No, no, no. I know we we think upon the word and we meditate upon the word. And you know, if we see something in nature, it reminds us of Christ, we think of Christ. Listen to me. You still live. You still work. You still have to do things. You still train. You still do all you do. But do it in the name of Jesus Christ. But when you have a righteous when you have righteousness living within you, the choices you make will be right. Amen. You cannot make mistakes then. And then no matter how much your friend says to bunk school and all those things, you will know what's right and you will know what's wrong. Amen. And you will stand for what's right because righteousness is within you. Amen. It says here, "And the good report maketh the bones fat." So, we're allowed to be fat. Gwyn arrived. You know, a good report. So, if your mom and dad says to you, "Hey, Aes, you've done really good today." Do you feel good about it? You do. Something in goes, h, you know, when when Reuben was almost faster than me, I retired before he could beat me. Yes. When he got really close and I say, "Bro, you're actually fast." He thought, "Thanks." Yeah. When Jono is getting stronger than me, I go, "Bro, Jono, you should start." He stopped wrestling me because last time he picked me up, he just dropped me. I went down like a lead balloon. Him and Josh hurt myself. Just aka bigger brothers. Remember that. Look after the old fellas. I said to him, "You can't wrestle me like that no more. You're too strong. But you can't tell me inside." He goes, he was like, So, it's good to have a good report on you. But the good report is not how you're doing in the world. The good report is not how many followers you have. The good report is not who you following in the world. The good report is what does people see in your life? Yeah. Right. Does it reflect Jesus Christ? For me, that's a good report. That's a godly man. That's fat. You know, like the fat on a bull. That's juicy. That's that's me and Omar had a discussion about this the other day over. That's fat. That's nice. But see that report we won because it goes on. I want to go back to that verse. It says, "The ear that heareth the reproof of life abideth among the wise, but he that refuseth instruction despise his own soul." So remember, there's a flip. So you have the choice. This gate. Leave the Leave that scripture up. Liam, this gate. Your choice. You reap what you sow. He that refusth of instruct instruction despiseth his own soul, but he that heareth reproof gatherth understanding. The fear of the Lord is the instruction of wisdom. And before honor is humility. Hey, before he says, if ye be lifted up, you can draw all men to yourself. But before you lift yourself up, go on your knees. Hallelujah. Get humble. Because it's not you that's lifting yourself up. God lifts you into a position. God places you in a place of authority where you can you can speak to people and live a life in such a way that it will get them to love Christ in you. Yeah. And then when they can love the Christ in you, they can see Christ is really in you, they can come and talk about Christ to you. Yeah. But before then they won't ask you one question. I worked for a company and it doesn't matter. It was a a big company and the one day they were doing a a word puzzle like these I don't know like this quiz the quiz and there's a Bible question that came up and I was one side sitting minding my own business typing one on the computer but I listen to what they ask all the questions cuz sometimes they go you know uh what was the name of Namibia before it became Namibia and all those things you know so I go oh I know that but the one they ask a Bible Christian and uh they all kept quiet and all went look straight at me and go, "So, what's the answer?" I never told them I'm a Christian. I never I never came in there and said, "Now, guys, just want to tell you I'm a Christian." And uh I'm going to sit in this cubicle. If you want to know about God, you can come and see me. If you don't want to, just can you just stay there, you ungodly people, and I'll just do my business. And if the phone rings, I'll answer. And if you swear, I'm going to tell you off. And if you use the name of the Lord in vain, I'm going to tell you off. No, I just was me. Yeah. If somebody said hello, I said good morning. Yeah. If somebody was swearing, I would walk away. I just I don't need to be in that atmosphere. Somebody spoke about my God, I would say, "Please don't do that. I love that name." And they quickly figure out where you stand. Yeah. Yeah. You don't need to say sometimes one word, but they know where you stand. I never hated them for it. Yeah, I just didn't stand for it because I I've got this thing called the gospel backbone. The Lord Jesus said to me, "When I made you a man, I made you walk up straight." Now, what I see in the world is the people walk like this. Right? Huh? We're going to get there. They walk like this. Like their boss, Lucifer, the one that's that's like this. He can never come with a straight answer to you. He always have to come around the corner, try to bite you in the heel. Hey, just like a serpent. That was his name. That's what Adam named him. So I just kids for your information, Satan wasn't a snake in the garden of Eden. His name was serpent. Adam named him. Okay. So his name was serpent. The most subtle beast of the field. Y God cursed him. Then the serpent became a snake. And then he was a snake. He was not a snake from the beginning. Go read that book again. I I encourage you. Okay. Don't miss that because if you make a mistake like the world makes a mistake, you miss the whole revelation of what serpent seed is all about. Go read Genesis. Amen. So, we're going to go on Matthew 23 11 and 12. Let's go there. Matthew 23 11 and 12. I want you to I want to hear those pages because then nobody's falling asleep on me. Please. Amen. But he says here and I'm talking about humility. Remember proverbs says before I can you can be honored before people will really see who you are you first have to humble yourself. So it says here in Matthew 23:11 and 12 it says but ye that is great among you shall be your servant. Yeah. So he might have an awesome time in the world and have all the riches and drive 24 Cadillacs and seven BMWs and whatever. He will be the least if he makes it. I just want to tell you if he makes it. It doesn't matter that he's rich is going to go to hell. He might even make it because remember what what who was it that preached about that? The man that was so it was a test. Oh, brother Ron Spencer I think spoke about it as well. He says sometimes God can No, it wasn't. Shouldn't tell you who was it. It was brother Isaac. Yeah, there you go. I know you're in trouble. Please go listen to that one again. Doesn't mean that if you're rich, you're you're you're going to have to go through the eye of a needle to get into heaven. Some people, God blessed them with riches and they can they can help. Brother Brandham's campaigns was paid by a lot of people that had a lot of money and they were there because they were businessmen. It's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about Yeah. the greatest. So the guy that esteems himself higher than the other one, you might find him being just a little bit lower than the other one. Yeah. So it's pastors, it's deacons, it's officers, it's people in the church. Never look at the guy and say, "Hey, that sermon's for him. It's for you." And whosoever shall exalt shall be abased. For he that humble himself shall be exalted. Yes, sir. So this is just how God sees it. And he says, "If you get humble, I will lift you up. I will show you. I will reward you openly." Don't worry, guys. Hang in there. We're almost there. Get to the best part now. Yes. Here we go. So, spirits don't die. Who who who thinks, you know, it's the people that sin? Who thinks if David has done something wrong, it's just David being an egg? Cuz you're looking wrong then, isn't it? Because there's an influence upon David when he did something wrong. He had to make a choice. Right or wrong, he had to make a choice to do something wrong. Now, I didn't say David do something wrong, but he's always a nice prime example because he's right in the front. Thanks, David. But what what if he made a mistake and he did something wrong? Should I be angry at David? No, he made a mistake. There was something that pushed on him that was saying, "Do it this way." And he did it that way. Same as David and Bashibba when he killed Uriah. He looked at something. It filled his heart. He got a desire for it. He killed the husband and he paid the price for it. But was it David? No. It was an enticing spirit upon him. And spirits don't die. And I can prove to you the same spirit that's on the world and all the celebrities and all the the people that is honorable and and and fashionable and or not honorable but fashionable and hip and cool and all those things. Remember I'm real old. I don't know the slang today again. But the guys that really is the top tier supernovas of this world not word. Yeah. The anointing is on them. Yeah. But they've got a spirit on them. Mhm. And if you look at the video, which you should not look because I shouldn't really go and look there. I can tell you just by using your discernment, you can see that spirit. And I'm going to tell you which spirit it is. I want you to go to the book of Isaiah. Isaiah 14. I'll go there, too. See if my Bible app because I made some notes here. And we're going to go there to vers 12. It starts there. Now, I want you to look look at this spirit. Look at the spirit. This spirit, this is this is exalted itself above the sons of God. This is what he wants to do. Oh, Lucifer. Yeah. It says there, how they are fallen from heaven. Oh Lucifer, son of the morning, how art they cut down to the ground which thou that didest weaken the nations? For thou has said in thy heart, I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of congregation in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. I will I will Yeah. My my show. Yeah. You follow me cuz I got the big boat. I got the cool girls. I win everything. I got the sponsorships. I got the gift. Gift and callings is without repentance. You believe. You have faith to believe in anything. It's yours. I It's all about me. Yeah. Come on. Me here. Me there. See, kick another goal, make another million, get another signing, another hoop, another strategy, buy another helicopter. I, I, me, me. Same spirit on them. Amen. And you know, brother Brandham said there was three things that's always going to test you young men, ministers, but all of us. money. Jono, fame and woman. What do celebrities have? Money, fame, and can they even keep the relationships together? No. Because they don't have God. Hallelujah. They have everything but God. Yeah. They divorce this one, lose half their kingdom. Oh, it's just $23 billion. I don't care. I've got another 23. Let's just go on. Y, it's the world. I want to sleep with who I want to sleep. I want to date who I want to date. I want to eat what I want to eat. I want to play when I want to play. I want to do I I I. And we follow them and we look at them and they're leading you astray. Yeah. You know, when when Israelite chose Saul to be the king over them, it was Israel's choice, not God's choice. God didn't want to send them a king. But see, after it all started falling apart and their king couldn't cut the mustard because they chose, they followed a man by the look how he looked, how big his shoulders was, how nice his hair was. He was the biggest man yet he could not face a giant. Yeah. Let's go to the book and I'm I'm I'm going to get into it now. Now we're getting into the service. I want you guys to follow me now. Go to Samuel 16. We're going to go into the life of Daniel. So now remember, Israel chose Saul. They went to Samuel and they said, "Samuel, I we want a king." God says to him, Samuel goes back to God and I'm going to just bring you up to speed. And he goes to God and he says, he says, "They want a king." He says, "Hey, don't be angry. They didn't reject you. They rejected me because I was leading them with Joshua. I was leading them with Moses. I was doing all the work. They rejecting me, not you." He says, "But you, Moses, you go and tell them. Tell them what that king is going to do to them. Tell them how he's going to rule them. Warn them, but I'll give them their king. So sometimes a minister will warn you what God's going to do. But you still want your king. You still want your way. It's hard. This is not a it's not I don't try to burn your kids. But God is warning Israel, Saul is not the king for you. I am the king for you. But see what happens is them petting themselves to the other kingdoms. Yeah. So they are looking left and right and all they see is all the other kingdoms have kings but our king is unseen. Though he's the most powerful entity doing miracles and wonders in our midst. Amen. I just can't see him right now. Kids, don't miss this point. Because you can't see God right now don't mean he's not here. Amen. I promise you if you surrender yourself to God, he will anoint you to do the biggest exploits you've ever seen. Amen. And God will get the glory. Yes. But see, if you're just following a earthly kingdom, or and will bring it into spiritual realms. Pentecost made the big mistake because Pentecost started looking around at everybody else and because all the other churches could wear what they want, do what they want, cut their hair, wear makeup, sleep around, do all those type of things. They said, "Oh, but they still in the church." And they let the bars down. And guess what? The goats came in. Prophet of God said it. I can give you the quote. I I might even say it because it wasn't rules and regulations. It was a desire in their heart to be like the other churches, to have big churches, to have big revivals. They didn't want the word of God. They wanted a show. And God says, "I don't want this." And he just stepped out of it and he moved on. And then he sent the prophet to say, "Hey, this is not the way I want you. I want you here in the revelation of Jesus Christ between these pages. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't want you to have a famous preacher come and preach at you and then only you believe. I want you to walk with me every day in these pages. Amen. You and me 101. Can we go on? So Samuel 16:1. Now you can follow me. So then you won't fall asleep. Please, if you fall asleep, I might call you out. You can hang in there. It's only been 24 minutes for crying out loud. If you need to stand up, go stand up. I will call you out. Um, okay. So, it says here, uh, what did I say? 16. E, I'm just a page ahead. Get ahead of myself all the time. Forgive me. There we go. A new king. And the Lord said unto Samuel, now remember, Saul failed miserably. Yeah. And God said, "No ways. I I going to have to stop this." So, I'm going to pick a king. So God and he says, "And the Lord said unto Samuel, how long will thou mourn for Saul, seeing that I have rejected him from reigning over Israel? Fill thy horn with oil, and go, and I will send you to Jess, a Bethlehemite, for I have provided me a king." So now things are happening different. God says they want to see a king but let me pick him. Let cuz I don't look like man look. I'm going to pick that king. Yeah. And it goes on and we read on. It says and Samuel said how can I go if Saul hear of it? He'll kill me. And the Lord said, "Take an hepher with thee, and say, I come to the sacrifice of the Lord, and call Jess to the sacrifice, or Jesse, um, and I will show thee what to what thou shalt do, and thou shalt anoint unto me him who I name unto you." So, who's going to pick him? Samuel? No. God's going to pick him. That's right. Let's get this right. Amen. I'm going to throw this in here as another one of those boomerangs. Who's going to pick your friends? Who's going to pick your friends? God must pick your friends. Amen. Do you actually pray over your friends? And say, "Lord, if this relationship is not of you and it's a hindering to my walk with you, send someone else." Right? because I don't want to be ll cool J and end up in hell or going through the trial of my life to get you to get me back into position. Is this the right friend of me? And if it's not, walk away. And God will show you. Because the very next day when you walk into school, I can promise you. I can promise you if you ask God to show you, he will show you exactly why not or why. Cuz we ain't playing with the devil. Amen. And because you're coming in sincerity and you're saying, "Lord, I don't want to choose by my eyes and by the coolness of the of the person. I want you to choose God and Alisa will send you the right friend." That was going to add to your faith. It's going to add to your walk. And even if you need to bring her in and God will use you, that will be this because your life has to achieve something. You're not here. There's no mistake. You It has to achieve something, guys. Amen. We're not just haphazardly here. You're not here just to float on the water. It has to achieve something for God's kingdom. Okay, I'm going off the track. And Jesus called and sent the sacrifice and I will show thee what and name to thee. And he said, okay, verse four. And Samuel did that which the Lord spake and came to Bethlehem. And the elders of the town trembled as he's coming because remember he's a prophet. Yeah, a prophet comes to you to speak in the name of a prophet. Be careful. He comes with thus sayith the Lord. Is something coming? It's some sometimes cutting, sometimes building, but it's coming. Comes thou peaceibly, they ask him. Whoa. Think about those days. What do you see? They called them seers. But here comes Samuel. He's just walking in. He's got the horn and the horn with the oil and a and a heer behind him. We're going to make a sacrifice. The very first thing is, whoa, hold on. Are we at war? Oh, we at peace. And he goes, "No, guys, relax. I've come to make a sacrifice." Hey, the the respect they had for a man of God, the respect you will get if you're a man of God and you walk in God and you walk with God, it's a different it's a different calling. Yes. People will know you're a real man. See, this is the coolness is not what the world gives you. Coolness is what God gives you. Stability, a strong, healthy young man. Yes. Or women. Amen. That's what the world wants to see these days. There's enough superstars out there. Why don't you be a real star, the son of God? Amen. Amen. I want to encourage you guys. Don't don't miss this. There's enough superstars. I don't know why I'm preaching here though. I'm sorry, brother Colin. It's not at UA, but you're young. Well, I am. That's it. Amen. All God's children. And he said, "Un peacefully, I come to sacrifice for the Lord. Sanctify yourselves and come with me a sacrifice." And he and he sanctified Jesse and his sons and called them to the sacrifice. Now, I want to let you know that David wasn't here. That's right. So, David didn't get sanctified. David wasn't even the account. He was written off because Jesse never thought that that little scrawny fellow was going to make it. Yeah. Right. He wasn't here. So remember, he was still attending the sheep. This was held with Jesse's sons. And I find there's David's not there, right? Because if Samuel asked, and I just want to drop this in. Samuel asked Jesse, "Is there one more? Is there another?" So if he was here, he would have seen him and goes, "Hey, where's that other kid gone?" No. He said he wasn't even here cuz we're looking as man looks. And Jesse when he brought his sons brought what he thought would be the right idea, not ask God. And we'll skip a little bit on. We're going to go. Oh no. And it came to pass when they come and he looked at Elab um uh Elab and surely the Nord's anointed is before me. Now Samuel looks at this Elab and he goes, "Bro, this is the guy. I got him. But the Lord said unto Samuel, "Look not on his countenance, or nor at his height, nor on his um stature, because I have refused him. For the Lord see not as man seeth. Man lookketh outward appearance, but the Lord lookketh on the Okay. So, why should you protect your eyes?" Young people, did you appreciate? Hands up. Who's got the answer? Why should you protect these eyes from what they're seeing? What does it feed? goes to your heart. That's right. You protect your eyes because the principle is God is looking what's in your heart. And if you feed everything through your eyes, it will go into your heart. So be careful what you're looking on. If you see it on accident, hey, I agree with fish. You're like, "Woo, okay, you got me there." But shame on you for looking twice because now it's you choosing to look again. And now there's things that you put in there that you don't need. It's rubbish. Amen. Throw it away. All of us. We don't need it. You fill this up with gunk. It's going to gunk up and you're going to break down. True. We go on. I'm I'm about to close. Just shout now and again to get everyone awake. Okay. And then we know the rest of the sons passed by. We're just going to go for a bit for a time. And again Jesse made seven of his sons to pass before verse 10 before Samuel. And Samuel said unto Jesse, "The Lord hath not chosen thee." And Samuel said unto Jesse, "Are this all their children?" Hey. Yeah. Because God sent me. Yeah. He said, "The one I need to anoint is here. Is this all your children?" And uh let's just go on. And Samuel said, "All your children here." And he said, "There remainth the youngest, and behold, he keepeth the sheep." And Samuel said unto Jesus, "Send and fetch him, for we will not sit down until he comes hid." Now, I want to throw something in there that Brother Brandham said about David. Brother Brandham said, "When David was born, he knew God was with him." Yeah. That's why he had gifts. And God showed him through his gifts. So, so even attending the sheep, he knew God was with him. Hallelujah. Now, I want to give you the other side. I want to tell all of you young people, God is with you. And since you've been born, you didn't make it into this building on an accident. That's right. Even if you had to get your mom and daddy in first or your grandma and grandpa first, don't become a message child. Amen. God got you here because he's got a purpose. So, he unfortunately had to get the old fellas in first for you young fellas to come in. But don't just think this is me and mommy's gospel or or brother Ben's gospel. He wanted you in. Amen. Cuz or else you wouldn't be sitting here. You wouldn't be here. So, if you find yourself walking through a door and it's called the church and you're sitting down and a preacher starts preaching, don't think you're here just to fill a seat. Exactly. Amen. God wants your attention. Amen. Amen. He really wants to because remember he loved David. David was a man of his own heart. He loved David. So when he saw David growing up and looking after the sheep, it might feel very insignificant. He didn't have a big battle. He didn't He wasn't a warrior or anything like that. Every day he didn't go and practice against a tree maybe to to fight and sticks. You know, we boys always do that. And then you hit the stump and it hits you on the head and you think, "Oh, well." But he looked at David and he and he was always with David. And David knew God was with him. He didn't know God yet, but he knew God was with him. And so Jesse calls him and and here he sees him and he anoints him with oil. But now his walk with God starts. So when you filled with the Holy Ghost, you give your life to Christ and you get baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and he fills you with the Holy Ghost. Then you stop. Yeah. That's number one. Then we have then then now all of a sudden the whole battle begins for David. And I'll explain to you why we go on. We're almost there. Hang in there. He says here in verse let's go to verse 18. Oh no no no. Verse 14. Go to verse 14. So now remember, oh poor Saul, I hope you're following me. Amen. So Jesse, just speak David. Samuel just picked David, son of Jesse. And and David now got anointed and he goes, "You're going to be king." But now, see, but the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul. The moment that happens, God says, "I'm going to remove the kingdom from Saul and I'm going to give it to David." There's a prophecy now over David's life. There's a prophecy over all of your life. It's called you're going to overcome. Amen. Hallelujah. By the blood of the lamb and the word of your testimony. But for you to have a testimony, you're going to have to fight a little bit. Because the best battle is the one that you've won. And not by your own ability, by God anointing you to fight that fight. Yes, sir. Stay with me. We're almost there. I've only been 36 minutes. I'll really try to go fast. So now Saul in verse 14, the evil spirit of the Lord of the the spirit of the Lord depart and an evil spirit from the Lord troubleth him. Now I want you to realize this is day one of David's walk as king. Day one. I'm going to explain to you a little bit what David went through, but this is day one. and said, "And Saul's servant said unto him, Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee. Let our Lord now command thy servants which are before thee." So they knew something's up with Saul. Yeah. Cuz he's very cranky. Not a happy camper. Okay. You still with me, Mo? Yes. Amen. Just checking. And Saul's servant said unto him, "Now the Lord commanded thy servants which go before thee to seek out a man who is a cunning player on a harp." Wow. This guy's got an evil spirit. We're going to fix it with some music. Yeah. What music are you listening to? Do we want to go there? No. What music are you listening to? because it's going to feed an evil spirit if it's not from God. Am I wrong, B? I'll tell you this. Just to make it a bit more personal for you. I used to listen to Metallica, Le Zeppelin, AC/DC, any Yes, sister. Okay, that bad. I used to listen to any trash Oasism, Oreo, Speed Wagon, everything that was under the earth that was to do with country, all those things. I'll tell you where it got me. Yeah. Right. Nowhere. Yeah. True. Very fast. Yeah. Because remember, and leave that up. Don't take that off. So, because then I can follow back where I was, please, because I don't want to go sidetracked. Remember what you listen to as well and what you see. This is all things that help you through this world. But it is connected. So when you walk into the house and your mom made a roast, what's the first thing you do? You go, "Oh, mom made a roast." You're like, Jon will be like, "Huh?" So mom made a nice roast. We're in for some good meat. Yeah, he's a foodie. So he appreciates food. And Chantel as well. She loves food. But then already your spirit is lifted. You're happy. We're getting nice food. It's just a smell. How can a smell just produce that? Because it's connected to a emotion. An emotion is connected to a memory. And a memory was last Sunday, Mom's Roach was the best. So, I hope there's potatoes as well because it's connected. And music, I tell you now, is connected with memories because you can play me any song right now that I listen to back then and boom, I'll be back where I was in 1992, 98, 2004, wherever. One song. Am I right? Come on. Come here, old fellas. Let's say come on. Tell me you didn't listen to Neil Diamond one day and and now a Neil Diamond song. You walk there and Neil Diamond plays, you go, "Whoa, that's random. I just thought about that. because it was connected to a memory. It's powerful. So, you want to feed yourself full of music that's not of God. It's going to have an effect on your life because it will go into your heart and will still manifest. And some of you guys don't even listen to the words. You only listen to the and you think it's cool because it's a nice beat, but have you actually discerned the words that that artist is singing? That's right. That's right. Yep. It could be the biggest trash, but we're still listening to it. Yeah. So, Saul's got an evil spirit. And how he's members in his kingdom is going to go against this is they're going to go, "Let's get him some tunes. He needs iTunes. He needs some some of Isaac's songs. Peace be still." He needs peace be still right now because every time something happens, he gets upset. And we just want peace be still on the heart. So he goes and downloads iTunes and sends it to his guys. And no, they went to fetch David because David was a musician. David had a gift. Yeah. David wasn't scared to use his gift. Yeah. God knew that he had a gift because when he was looking after the sheep, he gave him that gift. And every day while looking after the sheep, he was playing his harp. I I don't think you can go how great our god so fast but something similar like it's bubbling he was just playing his harp. He was happy and I promise you he was keeping yourself because he knew God and he was in a happy place and he expressed himself on the harp and he would use that instrument. You musos you people and the the little brothers and sisters think you're just here for nothing. You've got a gift. Yes. Prayer is a gift. Discernment is a gift. I think sometimes longsuffering is a gift, too. We suffer with you guys sometimes. Speaking in tongues, interpretation, prophecy. Who says you just have to be a muso? That's right. What about the rest of the gifts? Amen. Where's those prayer warriors? Where's the discernment? When all four of these fellows get next to the river and the water's flowing faster and they go, "Let's jump in." And the one with the sermon goes, "Nope. Bad idea. It's a gift." Cuz the others didn't see that. They didn't look at the situation. They were having fun. And the one with the gifts is not always the boring ones. It's the one that God anoints at a certain time to save you from the enemy. Amen. It's a gift. It's not a curse. So if you're the lame, boring dude, be the lame, boring dude. But be the alive lame, boring dude. Come on. It's just Brother Ben. Come on, man. Let's just get some amen here. Spending time with little kids. I saw Liam the other day spending time with with the little ones. You know how important you are to the generation underneath you. That's right. You know how God could use you as an example for the ones underneath you to help their walk with God. You don't have to preach at them. Kick a ball, catch them, swing them, something small. Yeah. You might never know the impact you have on those little ones. That's right. For just being you. It's a gift. God placed you here to to express that gift. Don't torment it because the cool people that you follow don't want it. Follow Jesus Christ. He will he will ignite it. You'll be like a burning bush. You will not be consumed. You will set everybody around you a flame. You'll have a revival because you're doing what God wants you to do. Amen. So David goes there and when David gets there and I'm about to close. I just want to stop because I think this is a good place to stop. But David gets to Saul and he plays the harp and the evil spirit leaves Saul. But I want you to realize before we get there, let's go to verse 18. Please remember David before this was only on the sheep field. Remember we still put David in time. He's on the he's busy looking after sheep. He hasn't slain Goliath yet. has not done any great thing yet. And they answered one of the servants and said, "Behold, I've seen the son of Jesse the Bethanite. He is cunning and playing. He's a mighty, valiant man." Hey, he's looking after sheep man. But this is the testimony that's come before the king. And he says he's a man of war. Have you seen that he hasn't showed up to Goliath's battle? He hasn't one day of training in the army. But this this this testimony of him just being a little shepherd boy says he's a man of war. He's prudent in matters. So he takes his job serious on timely man. He says and he's a comely person and the Lord is with him. Amen. So, I want you to let you know, you don't need to be a preacher or a band member or a song leader or a deacon. You don't need to be that. Just be serving your purpose. Hallelujah. Be in the field. Look after the sheep. Because what you don't realize is this was prophecy spoken over you. This was God testifying that this is what's coming. This is going to be the next man that's coming. Saul didn't know this. So remember only after this and I'll give you some examples he kills Goliath. Then after that he marries the daughter after he had to go kill how many Philistines? 100. And how many did he kill? 200. 200. So hey I don't just go halfway. I bring you a double portion back. There was such an anointing on David because he was just in his position. But the testimony before he came to Saul and before he even fought Goliath, Goliath said, "You're not a man of war." But a simple servant knew what was lying in David. I'm telling you now, God knows what's lying within you. Tonight, may it anchor in that whatever you are busy with and it's in the name of the Lord. Keep doing it. Don't follow no one because he's building a believer. He's building your faith. He's building your character. So with David after that, Saul tries to kill him. Comes back from the the the war. They sing Saul killed his thousands. David killed 10,000. Saul gets jealous, try to kill him. He flees. Then he makes a very good friend Jonathan. And he loves Jonathan a lot. And then Saul tries to kill him again. So there's a lot of things that might happen in the church. There's a lot of things that might happen between believers, little things. But remember, it wasn't Saul that tried to kill him. Saul had an evil spirit on him. And the evil spirit wanted to kill him. So I'm telling you, there's evil. And I'm bringing it to a close. Musicians, you can come up. There's an evil spirit which is out there that says follow me. There's evil songs out there that says listen to me. Those things force themselves upon you and they want to take your time. They want to take your anointing. They want to take you out of the presence of God. Don't fall for it because remember Saul did not want to kill David, but there was something driving him to do it. Yeah. Because the spirit of the Lord left him. Now, I want to tell you when you flick, I'm talking to the band as well. You can have a look here before you play. When you flick and you follow, double click and like and all these things. I want to ask you, I actually double click something now. Let's shut it off. What are you following? And I want to ask you, where is it leading you? Can you discern this? Can you pray for the Lord to show you like he showed David? Cuz you know what? No matter how much mistakes David made, no matter how many battles he's fought, he always stood for God. He always was quick to repent. He was always willing to learn from his mistakes. He humbled himself. He started over. God never put him back on ABCs. You have to get baptized again and you have to No, he just left where he left God. God was waiting for him. And he goes, "Welcome back, David." Amen. Good to have you home. He says, "My sheep hear my voice. and no other will they follow. I want you to bow your head tonight. Let us bow our heads. If there's anybody here, I'm going to close my eyes too that is following and not following the Lord Jesus that has been distracted. I want to encourage you. The way you defy gravity, the way you break this thing upon you, this this yoke of the enemy that's trying to fool you and waste your time, the only way you can do it is by lifting up your hands and surrendering. See, I don't I don't I don't need an altar call now. I need you to be real with God. If you find yourself distracted, you find yourself following everything but God, and it's consuming your time. It's filling up your heart and it's breaking the anointing of God upon your life. The purpose of God for you. Amen. I ask you now, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ to lift up your hands and defy gravity and I will pray for you. Amenus. Lord Jesus, we've got hands lifted up. Father, we want to make you the all in our life. Lord, we want to follow you because Lord, your voice has called us in this day and we have responded, Lord, but we find, Lord, that distractions so easily come in, Lord, Lord, and that we find ourselves following things that's contrary to your word, Father, and that's occupying our minds, our hearts, Lord, and the time we spend with you, Father. And we want to come and lay this before you, Lord. Because as you chose David before the foundation of the world began, you predestinated him to be a giant slayer, Lord, to be an overcomer, Lord, to be the king of Israel. And no matter what happened, how many mistakes David made, how many times he might have felt like a a failure, Lord. We see it in the book of Psalms, Lord, how he just writes and says, "Oh God, have mercy upon me. My enemies come on me. Where else shall I turn my face? I turn my face towards you, Lord. You alone can save me right now. Hide me in your pavilion, Lord. Hide me under the shadow of the mighty. Lord, he knew when to get real with you. I pray that we get real with you. That this this every Wednesday and Sunday don't just become a following, Lord. Oh Lord, but we want you to step out of the pages of the word and touch our hearts, Lord, and renew a right spirit within us. Renew that spirit of God within us, Lord, and give us a clean heart, oh Lord, Father, because without you, we will go missing. We'll go lost like all the sheeps. And Father, sometimes you'll have to break the leg of a sheep to get them to listen. But tonight, we go, Lord, here we are. Here we are. And you found us. Just help us, Lord. Give us strength. Bless us in our place, Lord. May we not think that our gifts to you is not important. Lord, show us that what is our gifts and our callings upon this church, Lord. That we can add to your body, Lord, and walk with you, Lord, in newness of life. Father, I pray for every hand that was lifted up, Lord Jesus. You see what is within their hearts. You see their battles. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that this thing would be broken in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. If there's any spirit contrary to your Holy Spirit, hindering spirit, Lord, that's keeping them busy and wanting sons of God to fall and daughters of God to fall. I pray against that spirit in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. And I rebuke that spirit, Lord, because you said that we have the authority. You gave us the authority, Lord, and you are the power before our authority. You said in my name, they shall cast out demons. in my name they shall lay their hands upon the sick and they shall recover. They that believe will do these things. We're a mighty force, Father, because we have the whole heaven, God himself behind us backing up his word and your word said it and we believe it. So if there is one spirit or any spirit contrary to your holy spirit, we adear it to leave in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. It is done if you can believe it. Hallelujah. It is done if you could receive it in the name of Jesus Christ. Like Jesus said, go and sin no more because today I would visit you and I would set you free and you will be from here on a victorious overcoming life testimony for his glory. I pray this in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. Amen. Amen. You know how good the Lord is. He is just so good. Um, can we sing that Create in Me a Clean Heart? It's all right. Brother Liam, if you can put it up. Who loves the Lord? Just remember, there will always be two doors. There's always two doors. His way, your way. Sometimes we give too much credit to the devil. His way, your way. Where you going? Where do you want to end up? Hey, simple as that. Open the right door. Let's sing the song. We can all stand up. Create in me a clean heart. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Oh, create in me a new Lord. Amen. Amen. Create me a new Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. Cause me not away. [Music] Cast me not away from thy bra and take of thy holy spirit from me. [Music] and restore to me the joy you'll find salvation [Music] and then you arise spirit within Josh, [Music] oh God, [Music] and renew a right spirit within me in me. Oh God, and renew a right spirit within me. must be not put away from thy presence [Music] and take out thy holy spirit from me. Resto [Music] to me and renewer arise spirit within me. Grace and peace, [Music] grace and peace to multiply unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord, according to his divine power, hath given unto you all things that pertainth unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that has called you into glory, virtue, whereby are given unto us exceeding ing great and precious promises that these that ye might be partaker of his divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in this world through lust. You've escaped it. It is done. You've escaped it. You You got away from it. And besides this, give all diligence. Add to your faith virtue, and to your virtue knowledge, and to your knowledge temperance, and to your temperance patience, and your patience godliness, and to your godliness brotherly kindness, and to your brotherly kindness charity. For these things will be in you, and abound, and they will make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things are blind and cannot see afar, and have forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Wherefore rather thee, brethren, be diligent to make the calling and the election sure. For if these things ye shall never fail, for such an assurance shall be ministered unto us abundantly into the everlasting kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. That is you. Just accept it. It's not your calling. It's his calling. It's not you working. It's him working. Just follow him. Amen. Amen. Brother Josh, would you take the rest of the service? Thank you. God bless you all. Amen. God bless you, brother. Let's see. [Music] [Music] The thing here is love. Here is love as the ocean as a blood shed for all his preious Love who is love will not remember. You can see to sing his praise see the be forgotten through our hands eternal on the crucifixion. Fountain open deep and wide through the floodgates of God's mercy full of gracious love. Grace and love like mighty river more than saints from above. peace and perfect justice with our guilty word and love. Let me hold thy love accepted. Love the earth for all my days. Let me see thy kingom only and my life be to thy praise. Thou alone shall be my glory. Nothing in this world I see. Thou has l and sanified me. Thou thyself has set me free. In thy truth thou dust direct me by thy spirit brea through thy word and thy grace my need is bleeding as I trust in thee my lord oh thy fullness thou are pouring thy great Love empowering me without me [Music] and boundless pouring out my whole life fullness. Oh thous [Music] great love and power in me without a full and boundless drawing out my heart to me. [Music] Psalm 34. [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from every fear. Those who are calling our radio, [Music] they'll never be ashamed. Don't ever be ashamed this morning cry. And the Lord with me and save me from my enemy. The son of God [Music] surrounds his saint. He would live there. He would live there. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. coming all to stay together. Glorify the Lord of coming exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides his name. Fulfill the Lord. All of you saints. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. coming all to stay together more about the Lord than you coming to stay forever more. Magnify, magnify the Lord. [Music] Come and exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord. Every day life never ending praise. May our incense arrive. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night never ending brave. May our incense arrive. Let us bless the Lord. Every day never end [Music] our ines. Let us bless the Lord. Every day now for neverending praise be our incense. [Music] Magnify the Lord. [Music] Come on to stay together for the Lord. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. Magnify, magnify the Lord. [Music] Calling ex [Music] glorify the Lord. God exalts his name forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] You're all dismissed in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] somebody's
