################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-15 - 151025 - Rest - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-10-15
Title:    151025 - Rest - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 24m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=panX2UKMAao
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Wonder. [Music] Good evening. How are you all? Good. Sorry, I'm 4 minutes late. I left work making my way here at uh 5:15, so 2 hours 15 minutes of driving to get here. Um, let's um, but brother I think it's brother Chris Andrews. He has a we'll call it a truth. I was going to call it a theory. We'll call it a truth tonight. We'll lean lean on his truth. He said, "I'm never late because Jesus is in me. Therefore, Jesus is never late. So if I arrive late somewhere, I'm bringing Jesus with me. And Jesus is never late. So I'm never late. That's absolutely the truth, brother. Let's stand up tonight. It was so funny. We were rushing and I missed this turn off to pick up some of the the boys and then they stay at um um Sister Barbara's. And I just went to her old place and then I realized it's on the other side of the track. So, we had to drive over the other side of the W and I over the but we had to go over the tracks and just when we got there there was a train going past like that the the the rails went down and it was a ding ding ding and we're waiting for the train. You've never seen a longer train in your life and I'm not kidding you. I'm not kidding you. And not only that, you've never seen a slower train like it was going not fast past walking pace. We were just sitting in the car laughing thinking mad. Well, the children were laughing at me cuz they could see me getting a bit frustrated like it was so funny. And then we went then when we came back there were bells. We were like another train on the same track. But luckily it had already been and they went up. Let's um pray that this evening. Thank you Lord that we can be here tonight Lord Jesus. We thank you Lord that you have everything in a perfect time. Lord, when you went to Lazarus, when you went to the tomb of Lazarus, Lord, you were, it was said to you, if you had have been here, Lord, Lazarus wouldn't have died, thinking, Lord, that you you'd made a mistake or that you were late or things could have been done a bit differently, Lord. But you've always got a perfect plan for everything, Lord. And we trust that in our lives, Lord, we we know that we don't orchestrate our steps, Lord, but the steps of a good man, the steps of a good woman are ordered of the Lord, Lord. Lord, and we know that your hand is upon each part of our life, Lord. That in our coming and our going, Lord, in our weeping and our rejoicing, Lord, in every part of our life, you're with us, Lord. And you ordain our steps. So, we just thank you for that. We want to commit this night to your hands, Lord. May you just bless the song service. Bless the ministry tonight, Lord. As we just come to worship you, to praise you. We want to drive the enemy back, Lord, with with praise and worship. And we desire, Lord, that you'll fill each one aresh with the Holy Ghost this evening, Lord. May there be a powerful outpouring of the Holy Ghost, Lord. May may this meeting not be in vain, Lord, if we just meet with each other and Lord, as nice as it is, Lord, we could just do something else. But we just desire, Lord, that you would meet with us this evening in a powerful way, Lord. That your spirit would touch each heart, Lord, fill each heart to overflowing, Lord. May we be refreshed with power, Lord, and refreshed by the Holy Ghost this evening. We just pray we just commit the service to you in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing. Burden's now a lighter. Brighter is my way. Oh, burdens now are lighter. Brighter is my way. It is such a joy to walk with him. When this journey here is over, I'll set my feet on heaven shore. Eternity, all joy will just begin. Oh glory, oh glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. When my Jesus saved me, wash my sins away. Cast him in the bottom of the sea. Picked me up and he turned me round. Set my feet on higher ground. Now I'm walking happy, glad, and free. Oh, glory. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today, I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Oh, glory. Oh, glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Today, I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, save from harm and danger, I will be. Listen verse two. Oh, when my Jesus saved me. When he washed my sins away and he cast him in the bottom of the sea. Picked me up and he turned me around. Set my feet on higher ground. Now I'm walking happy, glad, and free. Wo glory. Oh, glory, glory, hallelujah. Praise the Lord today. I know I'm free. He is with me. And if I stay close to him, safe from harm and danger. Let's say fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly love, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Let me walk, blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone, leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sand and alone. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. you with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and guide. Let me never in darkness ro and keep my path free from wrath and my soul satisfied. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon this race will be old and I'll travel no more. But abide in my home above. Let me sing. Blessed King all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly dove, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly. And let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. [Music] I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I won't hunger anymore at his table. Let's sing. I'll feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. Oh no, I won't hunger anymore [Music] at his table. [Music] Come all you weery, come and find. His yoke is easy and his burden light for he is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. Oh Lord, I won't worry anymore. At his table, [Music] there is healing at the table. There is healing at the table of the Lord. There is healing at the table of the Lord. Oh no, I won't suffer anymore. At his table, come all you weary. Come all you weery. Come and find his yoke is easy and his burden alive for he is aable. He will restore at the table. Oh come all you weary. Come all you weery. come and find. His yoke is easy and his burden light. For he is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. I'm invited. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. [Music] He says, "Come just as you are to his table." I'm invited to the table. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. He says, "Come just as you are. Come to his table. [Applause] All you weery. Come all you we [Music] come and find his yoke is easy and his bread and light for he is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. Come all you weery. Come all you weery. Come and find his yoke is easy and his burden lives for he is aable. He will restore at the table [Music] of the Lord. Behold, Jehovah seated on the throne. Aba, Father, the well that overflows, the God who was and is and will be forever more. Holy is the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power harmonior. [Music] The blood that washed us white. The God who was and is and will be forever more. Oh, he is the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Let's sing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We sing blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. His holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Redemption has a name. Redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Holiness has a name. Oh, holiness has a name and it's Jesus. Victory has a name. Victory has a name and it's Jesus. The word has a name. The word has a name and it's Jesus. Oh yes. Every redemption has a name and it's Jesus. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessing and honor and glory and power just as brother Ben comes tonight. Amen. Oh, amen. [Applause] Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Music] Blessing and honor and glory and power. Amen. Hallelujah. Glory to his name. Praise the Lord. Actually, you can have your seats tonight. We've got a special uh Esther wrote a song. Hey, we got each other's back. So yeah, you wanna um I think Annelise and Lily and stuff going to sing. Yep. Amen. So I believe you'll be blessed by this. [Music] Often times I [Music] broken you the rebuilder of my heart to worship you once more. As I lift my hands to you and to your go down in your worthy hands. I forsake my own and surrender to your bless as you take me as a claim. Mold me in your special way. Won't you keep me on your will as I trust you and obey in me oh Lord and prove it in my heart with a loving kindness is before my eyes and I've walked in your truth. There have been times I've gone astray and my heart was not in you. So please pour your mercy on me once again. Bring me back to a heart of worshiping kingdom [Music] until death. There have been times I've gone astray and my heart was not in you. So please pour your mercy on me once again. Bring me back to a heart of worship remaining kingdom minded. [Music] I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. And it's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I'm made. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm coming back to the heart of worship. And it's all about you. It's all about you, Jesus. I'm sorry, Lord, for the thing I'm made. When it's all about you. And it's all about you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; There heaven times have gone astray. My heart was not in you. So please buy your mercy on me once again to a heart worship [Music] man. [Music] I've come back to a heart of worship remaining kingdom. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you. Appreciate that. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. God bless you all. Few in number, few unwell. Jimmy was meant to be ministering, but he's working in Wongadori or something. So, you got me again. We'll be okay. Let's go to Matthew chapter 11. Let's stand, shall we? As we just read the scripture and um just going to read uh just just these verses here. And um so I'm sure very very familiar piece of scripture to us all that says here, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me for I am meek and lowly in heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls for my yoke is easy and my burden is light." Amen. And let's bow our heads in a word of prayer uh tonight. If you want to be remembered in prayer, just want to slip your hand up, say, "Lord, remember me." Almighty God, we just want to thank you so much. We can gather in this way, Lord, on this Wednesday night, the middle of the week. And we just pray, Father, as we have read your great word. We ask that you would anoint it to our hearts, Lord, both speaker and hearer. Also, those who couldn't be here tonight, Lord, you see many are sick and many things are going on. Lord, I pray you'd be their abundant portion as well, Lord. We commit our lives into your hands. just be glorified in our midst, Lord. We're so thankful we can come back to the heart of worship where our lives are all about you, Lord. So may you be glorified in our midst this night. We commit our lives into your hands, Lord. We pray for those, Lord, who are streaming. We just thank you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats tonight. So, I want to I want to speak about rest uh rest tonight. I know this is probably very um uh what do you call it? very uh simple kind of thought but you know brother Bram was making I was uh it was interesting you know I was driving the youth to the node on Monday night for the for the song practice and this thought just came into my head about how you know brother Bram would make some statements and and and he would speak about uh how how the Christian he says the whole Christian principle is based upon rest he says he says he's talking to a sister and says you know she said brother I tell you I still love the Lord Jesus but said it, "I find it so hard to serve him." Now, what uh now that is what I find out about most Christian lives. Most I hate to say it that way, but it's true. The mo the most people that can profess Christianity, they seem to have such a hard, struggling time to hold on. I believe it's because of a lack of correct teaching of the Bible. There's no such thing as holding on. He's done the holding on. The whole Christian principle is based upon rest. He says, "Come unto me all you that are that labor and are heavy laden and I'll give you rest. Don't have to worry and struggle. You're just we're just you're just resting. That's all. Given rest. You enter into peace. That the whole thing is finished. Them who he's called, he is justified and those he is justified he has already glorified." He says scripture quoting the scripture. So he says the whole Christian principle is based upon rest. The whole Christian walk is based upon this. This is how important it is. True rest for the Christian. Now, when I talk about rest, I'm not talking about an idyllic scene where there's no trouble, there's no struggles, there's no hardship, it's just this kind of this perfect little bubble you live in, and it's just this idyllic setting. That's not the rest he's talking about. He's talking about you have a true rest in your soul, a peace that passes understanding that it's not something you manufacture, it's something that's God-given. Brother Bram says, and I think it's in why so many tossed about, he says there's always there's actually two phases of Christianity. The first one is intellectual where people strive and struggle and they try and push forward and all these things. But he said the other one is rest. He says it's actually an experience that God gives you is the true Christian rest. So you know a principle you know how he says here that the whole Christian principle is based upon rest. Now a principle is a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation of a system or belief or behavior or for a chain of reasoning. So it's the whole foundation of our faith is rest in Christ. It's how important it is. And um you know so so this rest that we talk about or or Jesus as he says I will give you rest. He's talking about receiving the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now this rest as as um uh it would be in the what we call the ten commandments is you know they were commanded in the Old Testament to to keep a day the Sabbath day. He says remember the Sabbath day and keep it holy. And six days you shall labor and do all thy works. For the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work. Thou nor thy sons, nor thy daughters, thy manservant, nor maidervant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates. For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that them all that in them is, and rested the seventh day. Wherefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day, and hallowed it. So it's actually a big part of the commandments is to keep the Sabbath. Now, we we know already, and you I know you probably know where I'm going, so just just just walk along with me, that, you know, the the true rest or the true Sabbath is not keeping a day from sun up to sundown or sundown to sundown or whatever it is. You know, that is just a shadow pointing to a reality. But you see that, you know, a Christian who hasn't truly entered into rest is actually breaking the word, breaking the commandments. This is how important this is. This is not a nice idea. here. This is not just a something to put on your fridge, I'll give you rest. This is a reality of a state of being that God wants us to dwell in continually. I tell you what, friends, when you truly enter into rest, you can't get out of it cuz it's it's a condition God puts you in. And it's not based on circumstances, not based on time of life or situation of life. It's far transcends that because you've entered into true spiritual rest. Now, um, as I said, it's just a shadow pointing to the reality. We could just read here um Hebrews chapter 4. You read Hebrews 3 and 4 and the Apostle Paul talks about this. He says, "For he spake in a certain place on the seventh day on this wise and God did rest the seventh day from all his works and in this place again if they shall enter into my rest seeing therefore it remainth that some must enter therein and they to whom it was first preached entered not in because of unbelief." Now this is the big key. You enter in because of faith. &gt;&gt; It is faith that gets you in. It's not how much you shout. It's not how the emotion you feel. It's not how much you pound on the altar and all those things. Faith can lead you to do those things, but it's not it's not that thing that causes rest to come into your life. It's like blind Barameus. You know, it said that he screamed all the more louder when the people you know when Jesus was going by and you know the you know the people told him to be quiet when he found out it was it was the son of David. He was crying out son of David have mercy on me. And you know he he was told to be quiet and he said he screamed all the more. Now Jesus, brother Bram said, did not hear his vocals, did not hear his noise of his lips, of his cry. He heard his faith and his faith caused the master to stop still. Sure, the manifestation of it was the cry, but it wasn't the cry that stopped the master. It was his faith. You see, so it's really our faith that gets a hold of God. It's not necessarily the outward appearance of it. Though, you know, if you feel led to cry, cry. If you feel led to fast, fast. Right? If you feel led, but we can't humanly manufacture these things. We just got to rest in God that God will lead us. Amen. So, I trust that is in balance, right? Because you because some people say, "Oh, I'm resting. Therefore, I don't need to do anything." Well, you've got to let the faith of the son of God that comes into you when you rest rule your life. that if he leads you to cry or fast or pray or strive or whatever it is, well, it may look like it, but that's faith ruling your life, right? But it can look the same thing without that rest, but it doesn't produce the same results. He says here now um again he limited the certain day, saying in David, today after so long a time, as it is said, today if you'll hear his voice, harden not your hearts. For if Jesus had given them rest, then he would not have um not afterward have spoken of another day. There there remainth therefore a rest to the people of God. For he that has entered into his rest, he has also ceased from his own works as God did from his. Let us labor therefore to enter into that rest, lest any man fall after the same example of unbelief. Now, it's faith that causes you because as soon as we talk about labor, soon as we talk about, you know, striving or or pressing into something, we think normally people think of a human ability to cause us to get into it. Like the Bible says, the violent take the kingdom by force. What is that by strength? You know, what does that what does that really mean? It's by faith. You're not willing to take no for an answer. That's violent to me in the kingdom of God. You see a promise and you're like, "Lord, I believe that promise is mine." And you claim it in faith. However that manifests, it's up to you. It's up to how God leads you rather. But it's not your physical things that you know because many people have sadly become very disappointed even even in the message where they've well I've kept the word and I've done all I can, but they've done it humanly without entering into rest. Because when you enter into rest, that's when God starts to work on your behalf like never before. It's like when Naomi lay at Boaz's feet there on the threshing floor and then and then and then they have a conversation and you know and then Boaz gives gives Ruth the six measures of barley. She goes back to Naomi and then Naomi says to Ruth that he will not rest until he has done what he's promised to do to you which is marry you. Right? So when so when Ruth stopped you know laboring in the field but rested at the feet of Boaz then she was rewarded later. Right? by the union to Boaz, the son, the red redemption of Naomi's land, all those things. But see, when she entered into rest, then Boaz could do what only Boaz could do. And when we enter into rest, when we truly receive the Holy Ghost, then God can act on our behalf like only he can. All right? Amen. Paul would say again, let no man therefore judge you in meat or in drink or in respect of a holy day or the new moon or the Sabbath days, which are a shadow of things to come, but the body is of Christ. So he's saying here very clearly it's not about keeping a day. Brother Ram says the true Sabbath is the baptism of the Holy Ghost where you cease from your works trying to be a Christian trying to follow the Lord. Then when the Lord steps into you then it's no longer you trying to do it. He changes your nature. He comes and dwells in you and he lives the Christian life out of you. Sure, you've got to stay surrendered to him because this old nature is still around. But it's him doing the works if you stay surrendered to him, right? So, but it's God being the Christian. Now, he would say about the true rest here. Isaiah would prophesy it. He said, he said, "For with stammering lips and another tongue will he speak to this people to whom he said, this is the rest wherein wherein ye may cause the weary to rest, and this is the refreshing, yet they would not hear." So, what happened on the day of Pentecost? God came down and gave them the rest. They were stammering lips and other tongues. These people acting like drunkards. What's going on? They can't get their words out right. But yet they're being heard in every language that was assembled. And you know, there are stammering lips in another tongue. Says, "This is the rest." Amen. And this is why Peter could say to them, "No, this is that spoken by the prophet Joel. I'll pour my spirit out upon my handmmaids and my sons and daughters shall prophesy. I will dwell in them." Amen. So the Christian faith is based solidly upon rest. Because if you really realize that the Lord is your shepherd and he is the door to the sheepfold that he that nothing can actually go past him without his permission against your life. Amen. Because remember the devil wants to the devil wants to prove to God that his rest does not work. But he knows but our God knows very well. His rest works incredibly well. Right? So there's so so when we truly enter into rest and trouble comes we're not guessing. We're not worried in terms of Lord, am I saved? Lord, what's happening is my salvation. Do I really have it? No, you're resting because he's given you such an experience. He's changed your heart. We realize, Lord, it's no longer me. It's all of you. And nothing can come against you unless he has permitted it. Remember, the devil has to ask permission for everything that he comes against you with. And God sets parameters. He sets a boundary. And the devil cannot overstep the word of God of the of the permission that God has given him. Amen. That's why you know when you know when Satan came up before God spoke about Job, God gave Satan specific parameters about Job the first time. Don't touch him. Job wasn't touched, right? Then then Satan goes up a second time and God basically says, I tell you told you so. Cuz God can see the future. He knows what's going to happen, right? And then and then well Satan says, "Well, the only reason is cuz he's got his health." And then what did God say? You can touch him, but don't take his life. He didn't die. You see, certain parameters were set by God. So, we got to realize that everything that happens against us by the enemy is not because we're weak in faith. It's not because God is even mad at us or displeased or anything. No, we're his children. He can't change his mind about us. It's because it's because the devil's come against us and try, you know, and God has permitted it. Well, why on earth should this trial hit me? God wants to show something of himself. Everything that happens in our lives, God will get glory for. I mean, even maybe not if maybe even not on this side, but on the other side, God will show you why. And you'll say, "That makes absolute sense." And you'll give him glory for the things you don't understand. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, that's why I see the Christian faith is based solidly upon rest. It's not about, you know, it's not about whether you hold on or not. He holds on to you. I'm sure we've all come to a stage in our walk where we want to quit. Let's be honest. I've been there. But something within me says, "I cannot quit. I'm not made of material that can quit. I just don't know. It doesn't make sense to me. It doesn't, you know, the you know, the reasoning of the enemy just kind of lines up and yeah, I could. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that works. And yeah, sure, I'm going to quit. But something in me says I can't. Why? Because I've entered into by God's supreme grace, I've entered into rest, right? where where God there's actually like he says he says here a Christian is not tossed about a Christian doesn't run from place to place a Christian doesn't fuss and fume oh she said this and he said this and they did this and we don't fuss and fume we're not in the business of fuming and fussing let the devil fuss and fume but we don't fuss and fume amen we don't run from place to place and you know we don't worry about things you know have you ever really really you know you're going through a big thing something's happening and it's all in your mind like this big massive thing. But when really you think about it, there's something within you says it's just fine. Have you ever kind of just sat back taken stock of everything and you realize actually everything's fine. This this this mind battle is just a mind battle. It's not really who I am. Who's had that kind of experience? I mean that shows that you your soul doesn't worry. The real you doesn't worry, right? Because I want you to know just because you've entered into rest doesn't mean you don't have mind battles. Doesn't mean you don't have attacks. You'll have them. But there's a rest in your soul. There's an anchor. Amen. There's a firm foundation that cannot be moved. Nothing can move it. Nothing can destroy it. Nothing can make it budge. Not for a second. There may be something going on in here that can move. But in here, there's an immovable rock. Amen. That cannot cannot be moved. Amen. Why? Because you've entered into rest. You're not hoping it's going to work out. You just know God's going to work it out for your good. &gt;&gt; There's something in you when you really take stock. This is working for my good. God's going to get the glory out of it. The devil's going to get no credit. and it's all going to work out fine. You don't know how it is going to work out because that's God's problem, right? He takes care of the details. All we need to do is rest in his ability, rest in his word and know he's more than able to do it. Amen. That's why a Christian rests. Amen. It's all over when it was uh it was all finished for the believer at Calvary. That's right. Oh, sickness may come and disappointments. But the Christian is at rest knowing this that God is able to keep that which he has performed. Amen. Knowing that no matter what the thing is and how it looks that there's neither sickness, sorrow, death, there's neither starvation or anything that can separate us from the love of God that's in Jesus Christ. We're at rest. Just let the old ship toss any way she wants to. The anchor holds. Amen. I tell you, when a believer is at rest, that anchor is not made out of a human reasoning that can be broken. And it's made out of an unbreakable chain of revelation of God's word of his power. Amen. So, you know, there's just something because really for a believer, the thing that concerns us the most when you really give your life to the Lord is Lord, am I one with you? That's all you really care about, right? And that's so, so what happens is the enemy tries to bring things in to make us think there could be something that separates us, but nothing does. We're at rest. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. The anchor holds. Amen. It's like, you know, Brother Ram would tell a story of a boy and he's flying a kite and you know, there's low cloud and the kite goes way up into the clouds and the boy's just there with the string and you know, some some friends come along and say, "Jimmy, what are you doing? What are you doing?" He says, "I'm flying a kite." And they and they look at him, they look at the and they can't see a kite cuz it's in the clouds. And you know, and they ask him, "Jimmy, how do you know there's a kite there?" He says, "Well, I feel the pull. I feel the tug." Amen. It's like the same thing. There can be storm clouds of trouble and sorrows and things that seem to obscure the Lord. But you feel this tug. You feel that there's no slack on the line, but there's a pull. Amen. There's a connection. I mean, between you and the Lord. Praise the Lord. You see, now when God when God uh gives his word to us, we can rest in it. Amen. It's like Mary, when Mary was told by the angel Gabriel, you're going to have the Messiah. And you know, he, you know, he, you know, she says to him, how can this be? uh you know I don't know a man how's this going to happen now humanly there'd be a lot of pressure imagine if humanly someone came to her and said you're going to have the Christ she'd be thinking how am I going to do this and how's this going to work and all this human reasoning but when the when the angel gave the word to her and he said you're going to have the child by the Holy Ghost something anchored within her without feeling anything nothing about a baby nothing at all she said let it be unto me according to thy word and she entered into rest that God was able to produce the Messiah within her womb. Amen. It should be the same thing with you and I when God gives you a promise more than more than just a nice idea, but God anchors his word. That's why it's so important. Always feed on the word of God, listen to the message, read the word, meditate upon it, think about it. Amen. and God because you're giving God something to work with that he can anchor that word from your mind into your heart and then it becomes a living reality and then you can rest. Lord, what you have promised me about this specific circumstance, you're going to fulfill it. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's like, you know, Caleb and Joshua, Caleb and Joshua, when God called them out of Egypt and God be to give them promises, I'm going to take you to me for a people, and I and and and I'll be um and I Now, notice this about the I wills in this sentence. Just just look at the I wills. I wanted to highlight them, make them bigger, but just look at this. I will take you to me for a people, and I will be to you a god, and you shall know that I am the Lord your God, which bringeth you out from under the burdens of the Egyptians, and I will bring you uh in unto the land concerning the which I did swear to give it to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, and I will give it you for an inheritance. I am the Lord. Caleb and Joshua, when they heard those words, they entered into rest because it was a revelation to them. I mean, they weren't, you know, when they went in and spied out the land, they acknowledged the problems. They acknowledged the giants. They acknowledged the same things the other 10 spies did. But because they entered into rest, they were not wondering if they could take it because the other spies, they weren't in rest. They were looking at human ability. And this is what happens. You see, a Christian that looks at looks at things and doesn't believe the promise is theirs, they're looking at their own human ability. But Caleb and Joshua weren't looking at themselves. They've entered into rest. and something anchored in their the word of God anchored in their heart saying God has brought us out. He's going to take us in. He doesn't do a halfway job. I'm resting Lord and what you have said we will possess. Amen. And that's why I say it's so important to read the word, listen to the message, ponder it, meditate upon it that God can take that and anchor it into your soul and then you can realize what the Lord has promised it to me. It's going to happen. I'm resting in God in his season. He will fulfill that word. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then then you're no longer tossed about. You just know it's going to happen. When is when is it going to happen? In God's timing, it's going to happen. But he gave me a revelation that it's going to happen. Amen. is like Abraham and Abraham and Sarah, you know, there was there was a time, you know, they would um if I can find it here, you know, there was a time if we read this in um Hebrews 11, he says, "Through faith also Sarah herself received strength to conceive seed and was delivered of a child when she was past age because because she judged him faithful who had promised." Now before this, Sarah was not in rest, right? This is this is when did she judge him faithful? This is in Genesis 18 when when the Lord put on human flesh and came down and spoke to Abraham and Sarah because God because one of them which was the Lord said according to time of life you'll have the promised son. He was speaking to Abraham but he wasn't referring to him because time of life refers to a woman right and then so now she laughed in her heart saying how could this be? We're old. How can I pleasure with my lord? And then then the Lord knew what she was thinking. Said why did Sarah laugh? And you see, God gave that supernatural visitation that that that what what Abraham was telling her for so many years about having a promised son. You see, before that, she would have believed him mentally. Yes, we're going to have a son. But you see, what happens is someone who's not in rest, they become frustrated the longer time seems to go and there seems to be a delay. They become frustrated. They become annoyed. They just get so annoyed at that promise because they don't see it being fulfilled in their lives. They're not in rest yet. It's still mentally what can I do to bring the promised word to pass. But she came to a place basically where where she would have said I don't want to hear about this Abraham anymore. God but God when she was in that state already had her as Abraham's wife that through her and Abraham the promised son was going to come. So her state did not stop her being part of this promise that we're going to have the promised son, right? But brother Bram said that Abraham kept a spiritual atmosphere around him because he had it anchored in her in his heart that through her they're going to have Isaac cuz Abraham had entered into rest. Now she just needed sorry he just needed Sarah to enter into that same rest. So but what did it require? A visitation from Elohim. Amen. for her to then come to a place where she judged him faithful who had promised. You see, this is what revelation does. Now, she entered into rest, you know, when this happened because she wasn't now trying to trying to manufacture a promised son. She wasn't looking at the state of her own self, a grandma well up in years, Abraham nearly 100 years old. You know, we know, we all know the story, don't we? You know, it was physically impossible for them to have the son. But then when faith was anchored into her heart, she entered into rest because she realized, God, you promised it, you're going to do it. Amen. And this is what happens when we enter into rest about any promise. We realize, no, God, you're more than able to do it. I judge you faithful. Amen. I believe the bride of Jesus Christ in this day judges him faithful. Amen. Why? Because God is going to make our us. He's going to get he's given us a faith. Amen. that we have a change of the body and we go on the rapture. This is the season of that faith and a visitation of Elohim in this day has done that. We judge him faithful. Oh, the world's falling apart. But Lord, you're faithful. I'm resting. I'm resting in the chaos. I'm resting in the uncertainty. I'm resting in the world falling apart. How can you do that? Is it because you got blinkers on? Oh, no. I see more than anyone else. Well, then why? Because I judge him faithful. There's something in me that I've entered into rest. Amen. This is you I was thinking about you talking about the train Isaac and how slow and how long and all these things. You know, brother Bram says that there's nothing happens by chance to you and I. It's not random probability that certain events happen in our lives. God has allowed it all. We should be resting in that. Especially in the unexpected things, we should rest in those things. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, but you see what happens is when when we enter into rest, we become certain like brother preacher uh sermon, be certain of God. Okay? Because now we're in a different state than we were before we entered into rest because we know God is. He's more than able and we've committed our whole life into his hands. And we're not trying to manufacture or produce the promises in our own strength. We know it's his ability in us which will do it. Okay. So he says now he says this. He says now I'm sure that I'm speaking to people this morning or so this evening who has come to that place. I've been there many times myself. When I've went back and traced my life and turned over every stone I find out that I've done something wrong. I'd go confess it and say Lord I'll make that right and go do so. Then come back again and say now Lord thou art God. You'll answer me. yet I've met every request that you required me to do and every requirement I have met it and silly won't move um seems to be silent. That's when you got to be sure that he is God. Amen. And we know God is not an author of confusion. Those who are at rest know if there's something you need to put right, you ask God, God will show you. We don't need to imagine something to do. God tells you, I trust you've had that experience. They say, "Lord, is there anything?" He says, "Such and such and such. Thank you, Lord." and then you put it right or what do you need to do and then you move forward. Right? You're not trying to imagine something. God tells you. Amen. He reveals it to you. But you see sometimes, see someone who's at rest is when it appears God doesn't move and he's silent. God, they're resting in God's silence. You say, "How could that be?" Because it's normally in times of great crisis where we need an answer. But yet, we got to but rest is greater than God answering all the time. Remember our our faith is not based on how quickly we get a we get a search result, an answer. You know, like Google, it says how long it takes, how many answers in this much time. And you know, sometimes God, you know, God's not like that. But someone who's at rest, they say, "Well, have you got an answer yet?" No. Are you worried? No. Why are you indifferent? No. I know God will answer. I know that God is more than able. And even in his silence, I'm trusting He is still present, which he is. He my life in his is in his hands which it is and he's working this for my good. Amen. Sometimes we we will feel alone. That doesn't mean God's left you. Remember we don't go by feelings. Rest is not a feeling. &gt;&gt; It's a state of being. Right? It's not an emotion. It's a state of being. Amen. So don't be discouraged. The only thing that in your heart is be certain of God. Amen. And when you've met everything that he said that you're sure that he's God. And when faith goes to work right there, faith stands steady for it knows that he is. Amen. It's the kind of faith we possess. He we know that he is. We know he's always on the throne. He's always in control. We don't. And and this is not just some fatalistic idea of what will be, what will be. We know God is in control of all things. Amen. He says, "And you've met every requirement. You believe that he is and faith holds steady." And I don't have it here. You go listen to this message. He says, "Meeting every requirement is Acts 238." Just like full obedience to the full word of God entitles you to the token. Who's heard that phrase? Do you know what that full obedience to the full word of God is? Acts 238. It's what the prophet teaches us. It's so simple. It's not some scarecrow thing of I've been good enough for long enough and I've done this and I've listened this much and done all these humanistic works. No, it's repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the token, the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Praise the Lord. He That's how he teaches it. Amen. Now, you may go down deep and never wait, sorry. He says, "And you meet every requirement you believe that he is. Faith holds steady. Oh, blessed be his name. Faith won't move, for it's sure that God is and a rewarder of those that diligently seek him." May this go way down deep and never move from you, Bram Tabernacle. If you've met God's requirements and in your heart you believe that he is, God's only testing your faith for he loves to do that. You've confessed your sin and you've met every requirement that God requires and still he lays silent. Remember, faith says that he is. Then faith holds on to it. Not uh uh not knowing what it's all about, but it knows that he is and it's certain that he is. So when you're at rest, you know God is my savior. He's my shepherd. Everything that happens to me, as I said earlier, is permitted by him. He's my good shepherd. I'm never out of his care. Doesn't matter if I'm standing in the midst of a pack of demons, a pack of wolves. Amen. My shepherd is watching me and he's a present help in time of trouble. That's why we don't see rest is not based on what your five senses declare. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's based on revelation. It's not based on what you see, what you hear, what you feel, what you taste, smell, any of those things. What you reason, your conscience, your imagination, affection, any of those things. It's not based on that. The rest is based on the revelation of the word. God has revealed to you that you are his child. He's revealed Jesus Christ to you. Amen. Because remember, he can't lose one of his. He cannot. That's the one thing. God can't lie. He can't lose a part of himself. Amen. That gives you rest. Amen. Now, let's just So, I'm just going to I won't be too much longer. I've just got a few more quotes here. He says, "You look back. I'm doing this and I'm doing that." Then know you're you're defeated. See, the enemy, what he wants to do is get your eyes off your shepherd, your source of rest. He is the rest within you. Get your eyes off him and get your eyes on yourself. Because remember, that's been the failure of human religion has been it's man-made works. Earn something with God. &gt;&gt; We don't need to earn anything with the Lord. He earned it all that day on Calvary. Faith in the finished work of God, the prophet says, unlocks every divine promise. That's okay. That's how simple it is. You You got a promise in the word that you want to see manifested in your life. Faith and the finished work of Calvary opens that promise to you. Amen. Oh, but don't I have to do X, Y, and Zed? All these things. We don't have to go on pilgrimages. We We don't have to do penance. We don't have to do some humanistic ritual to try and earn something with God. No, we are accepted in the beloved. Amen. The beloved is Christ. He was accepted and we're accepted in him. It's nothing. You say, "Well, then what's the point of trying?" If you're resting like Caleb was, then if you're resting, you realize every promise is mine. &gt;&gt; God says, "I give it to you. Just go fight." You've got to show up to the battle like brother Armander said many times, you know, but but you're resting in the fact God's given me the promise. Whatever the obstacle is in the way, I'm resting in the fact that when I come to that obstacle, it's going to fall because God has anoint has anointed me that it will fall. Amen. But there's no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus that walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. Then you realize that you've overcome and you know that he's a devil. You can't say, "I've got a sickness and I don't believe it's a sickness." Oh yes, it's a sickness. You've got cancer. You don't believe it's a cancer. It's a cancer. It's a cancer. But remember remember this. Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. You must realize that the Holy Spirit that's in you has already overcome this thing. See that's resting. When you realize the one in you has already conquered this foe. He's already conquered this spirit. He's already conquered this problem. Doesn't matter if it's some human thing passed down through family lines and all these things. God conquered it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Doesn't matter what it is. God's taking care of it. sickness, sorrow, pain, whatever it is, God has already overcome this thing. Amen. He says, "You must realize the Holy Spirit that's in you has already overcome this thing and he's in you and you can overcome by him." He says, "That's exactly sensible." It's exactly the way the scriptures written, overcoming. Why? Because you're resting. The one enemy has already conquered it. &gt;&gt; I don't need to strive. I don't need to be anxious. I don't need to be worried. I just cast my cares upon him. I mean, because he cares for me and I know God in his time will answer and God in his time will move on my behalf. I'm resting in that fact. Amen. And the sound system said, "Amen, too." But Jesus didn't come down just to die for us or die for you. He settled the sin question. See, when you realize, see, see when Jesus hung on Calvary, he said, "It is finished." &gt;&gt; Right? So in God's mind, it was done. The atonement he made before the foundation of the world was now manifested in time. &gt;&gt; And he said, "It's done. I've paid it in full completeness done. No more interest, no down payments. This ain't some, you know, part of a, you know, this is not a deposit on full redemption. No, I purchased it in full." That's in God's mind. Right now, when that same thought, when that, you know, when the reality of that is transmitted down into your heart, then you're at rest cuz you realize truly it's finished. &gt;&gt; It's done. My sin question settled. &gt;&gt; Amen. It's been answered. Amen. I don't need to worry and guess, oh, did he really die for me? Is, you know, am I really under the blood? You can realize, no, I have been I have received the atonement. God has made have has made me one with him. And the sin question is settled. I trust it's all anchored. See, but those are at rest who are not at rest wonder about that. Am I really forgiven? Am I really justified that I never did it in the first place? In God's mind, you never did it in the first place. Am I really safe and secure? But when you enter into rest, you realize I'm it's done. &gt;&gt; You can let off the pressure. You don't need to worry about Lord, you know, is this is is this really true? It's been revealed to you. Amen. But it'll never do us any good until we accept it. It's your accepting of him as your personal savior. And it's by faith that you receive it and believe it. Now, Hebrews 3:1, the Bible said he's the high priest of our profession. Now, he seated it at the right hand of the father to make intercessions for us upon our confession. Now, remember, it isn't much. See, it isn't how much you cry. It isn't how much you repent. It isn't how loud you can cry to God. It isn't how sincere you can be. It's how much faith that you have when you come to him. Says the faith you carry is what matters. Take it up with brother Bram if you're not happy about this. He doesn't save you based on the merits of your prayer. He doesn't save you upon the merits of your righteousness. He saves you upon the merits of your faith. It's by faith you're saved. And that through grace. You say, "Well, I cried a lot. I had this. That's all good." But what about the faith you're holding? That's really the thing that matters. Amen. That's why you can have two people with very, you know, very similar experiences, maybe at the altar, maybe at a camp or somewhere, but then one actually ends up leaving the world like Lord completely becomes an atheist, but the other one's a soldout Christian. What was the difference? One had faith, one just had emotion. Are you against emotion? You know me long enough. I like emotion. I like a heartfelt religion. Amen. I do. Okay. I'm not against those things. But what do we approach God with? &gt;&gt; Our faith. &gt;&gt; We believe that he is. And he's a rewarder of them who diligently seek him. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're resting in that. Now, when you're resting, now there's a great weapon that's deposited into you. The greatest weapon that I know of is um of a Christian today is a committal to God. When you can't do nothing about it, just commit it to him and God will take care of it. Do you believe that? He says, let's just read the first part. As long as you're going to do it, if someone talks about you and you talk back about them, God can't fight your battle. You're fighting it yourself. See, just let loose and let him do it and just commit it to him. You say, "Well, prayer is a great weapon." Yeah, brothers, actually, listen. There's a lot of great weapons that have been placed in your hand. One is a complete committal to the Lord. So, you're going through something. There's a case or something happening in your life and you don't have the answer. If you're at rest, you can fully commit that into the hands of the Lord and then you can start praising God, the answer's coming. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Why? Because it's a great weapon. Because when you let it because many times in our sincerity, we get in God's way. Family, loved ones, college, whoever it is, God's working with God's dealing with someone. The nest is being stirred up. You know, we can if we're not careful, we can tamper with that. And then we try and put the nest back together. And God wants it stirred because he wants that person to realize they're an eagle and fly. So we got to be very careful how we deal s you know with situations. We need wisdom. You know like I remember Dave's not here but if you haven't heard him preach brother Tazes he did a wonderful job giving his testimony but you know he brings up multiple times how Isaac you know Isaac would say God you know when David was in the world and you know you guys would pray God make it terrible for him. Amen. Right. And and when you pray that I said, "Amen." Because for he needed to realize he didn't belong out there. Amen. But if you try and you try and keep someone together, then God can't work. &gt;&gt; Amen. I mean, we got to come to a point where it's like, God, you deal. That's a committ. &gt;&gt; Is it hard to watch humanly? Absolutely. But we want God to get a hold of people, right? So, you just commit them to the Lord and then thank God that the answer's on its way. Amen. Now, when you're at rest, there's a different attitude that now anchors into you or a different atmosphere, right? You're not stressed. You're not worried. There's about the Lord now. You just know in your heart it's done. Okay? And then now this changes everything because when you're at rest, your problems of your life really don't affect you like they used to. They're still there maybe, you know, but you're at rest. And it changes the attitude that you that you approach God in or that you come to church in. He says, "But it's the attitude of the people that brings the results." Your attitude. Absolutely. So, we're we're approaching camp, right? Whose attitude is this is going to be incredible. I'm excited. Lord, you're going to do amazing things. Well, that just coming with that attitude is going to bring a result. Amen. It's going to bring an incredible result cuz you're under expectation. Lord, we've seen you do so much before and Lord, you're going to do it again. And Lord, there's people are coming who don't know you. They're not saved. And God, you're going to do incredible things and you're going to touch out all of our lives. It's going to be amazing. It's the attitude, right? See, that's the reason at Pentecost, they had to go to an upper room and pray until the Holy Ghost came cuz they got in one place and one accord. That's the atmosphere that brings results. You believe it? that every man and woman in this building this morning, I say tonight, boy or girl, get everything from their minds but the Lord Jesus and believe that he's standing present right now and you'll see something happening that will cause headlines in the newspaper in the morning. That's right. It's atmosphere. So when you're at rest, it produces an atmosphere. Lord, everything's fine. Nothing's between me and you. Lord, you're awesome. You're the lover of my soul. The sin question settled. Lord, you're my shepherd. You're leading me. You're you're you're fulfilling your word. I trust you more than anything. You're so amazing, Lord. You brought me through many difficult, dangerous places. You brought me out, Lord. I love you with all my heart. What does it do? That produces an atmosphere because your mind is not upon the things the devil's trying to upset your life with. Your mind is upon the Lord Jesus &gt;&gt; because you're at rest. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, I pray we are all at rest. And if you haven't come to that place, I pray God, you say, "Lord, I believe it's for me." That true baptism of the Holy Ghost. What will happen? What am I looking for? Just look for him. How will it manifest? I don't know. God's God's sovereign with everybody. But may whatever happens to you, maybe you look back and say, "Something happened to me over the space of time. But now I have a rest in my soul. The world can be falling apart, but something's anchored in me. Lord, you're my rock and I'm anchored and all is well. Amen. So, I I I pray and and and to use the word feeling is the wrong word because it's far deeper than that. But I pray that everyone here will be in that state or is in that state. You're resting. Do you have the answers to everything? No, I don't need them. &gt;&gt; He has them. He's in control. Let's have the musicians tonight, please. Amen. But I trust we're all at rest. Amen. Maybe let's just sing a song, then we'll then we'll we'll sing a psalm and go out, shall we? Um I want to sing that song. You know, there is um there is peace at the table of the Lord. I'm invited to the T. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Um Yes. So the table. Let's let's just stand and sing that tonight. I saw that line, you know, there's peace. And I don't know if it's here, but I don't know if it's written in here, but you know, we could sing, there's rest at the table of the Lord. I won't worry anymore. I'm at his table. He's invited me in, and all is well. Amen. So, let's just sing this and then we'll we'll close in prayer. And I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Oh, I won't hunger anymore. At his table. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I will feast at the table of the Lord. I won't hunger anymore [Music] at his table. [Music] Come all you weery. Come and find. His yoke is easy. [Music] His burdens light. He is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. Oh, there is there is peace at the table of the Lord. [Music] I won't worry anymore [Music] at his table. [Music] There is peace at the table of the Lord. There is peace at the table of the Lord. Oh, I won't worry anymore [Music] at his table. [Music] Come all you weery, [Music] come and find. His yoke is easy. His burden is high. He is aable. He will restore at the table. of the Lord is rest. There is rest at the table of the Lord. [Applause] There is rest at the table of the Lord [Music] for I won't suffer anymore. [Music] At his table there is rest. There is rest at the table of the Lord. There is rest at the table of the Lord. Oh, and I won't suffer anymore. at his table. Come all you we come and find his yoke is easy. [Music] Oh, he is aable. He will re and of the Lord. [Music] Thank you. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. Oh, he says, "Come just as you are to his table. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. I'm invited to the table of the Lord. He says, "Come just as you are to his table. Come all you weery, come and find. His yoke is easy, his burdens light. He is aable. He will restore at the table of the Lord. Amen. So thankful for that. Hallelujah. Let's just bow our heads in a word of prayer before we go. I just want to just ask if there's anyone here who says, "I need to be in that rest." Will you want to raise your hand to the Lord? Gracious Father, it's such a joy to enter into your rest. Enter into that true Sabbath, dear God. That baptism of the Holy Ghost. We're sealed the day of our redemption, Lord. That we're no longer us trying to be a believer, Lord. It's you within us being the Christian, dear God. Such a joy, Lord, to see you live in our lives, Lord. Just to be at rest, Lord. Doesn't matter what's happening in our minds, Lord God. We're just in our souls is just a there's a confidence, my God. There's such an assurance, Lord, that we are yours. And Lord, we're your children. We're your sheep of your pastor. And you're the great shepherd God that Lord, that goes before us and leads us and protects us. And Lord, there's something so powerful about being in rest, Lord. We just know there's nothing can harm us without it getting permission from you first, dear God. And you're going to use it, Lord, to get glory. You're going to turn it against the enemy and use it for our good. And we're so thankful for that, dear God. I just pray for everyone here, those who may be listening, anyone here who has not entered into that rest. Oh God, bring them in. Lord, may they just take at your word, receive it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray, Father, Lord, that you would bring them in, Lord, to that rest. And may they know what I'm talking about. May it not be some abstract idea to them, but may it be a living reality, Lord, to be resting, dear God, sealed to the day of their redemption in your Holy Ghost. Lord, I just commit the service into your hands. Just want to pray you'd watch over us as we as we as we go our separate ways now we drive home different places Lord. Keep us safe on the road Lord and be with us for the rest of the week. Dear God, we love you with all our hearts. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] [Music] It may look like [Music] I'm around, But I'm by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'mrounded by you. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how Oh, yes. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I [Music] There's a table that you've prepared for me [Music] and the presence of my enemies. It's your body and your blood you shed for me. This is how I fight my battle. And I believe you've overcome. And I will lift my song of praise for all you've done. Cuz this is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how Cuz this is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how [Applause] in the valley I know you're over me and surely your goodness and your mercy follow me. So my weapons are praise and thanksgiving cuz this is how I fight my battle. And I believe and I believe you've overcome and I will lift my song of praise for all you've done. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battles. This is how [Applause] This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battle. This is how I fight my battle. This is how they look. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. Cuz this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how Cuz this is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how I fight my battles. This is how it may look like. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. It may look like I'm surrounded, but I'm surrounded by you. [Music]
