################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - 0405-25 - What Are You Looking At - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-04
Title:    0405-25 - What Are You Looking At? - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XRijJAMbOc
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good morning. How are you all doing? Good. It's good. Good to be here. Praise the Lord. Let's um stand. I've got a um scripture I want to read from uh Psalm 89:8. I'm going to go from 8 down to 17. It says, "Oh Lord God of hosts, who is a strong Lord like unto thee? Or to thy faithfulness round about thee? Thou rulest the raging of the sea. When the waves thereof arise, thou stillest them. Thou has broken Rahab in pieces. As one that is slain, thou has scattered thine enemies with thy strong arm. The heavens are thine and the earth also is thine. As for the world and the fullness thereof, thou hast founded them. The north and the south, thou hast created them. Table and Hermmon shall rejoice in thy name. Thou hast the mighty arm, strong as thy hand and high as thy right hand. Justice and judgment are the habitation are the habitation of thy throne. Mercy and truth shall go before thy face. Blessed is the people that know the joyful sound. They shall walk, oh Lord, in the light of thy countenance. In thy name shall they rejoice all the day, and in thy righteousness shall they be exalted. For thou art the glory of their strength, and in thy favor our horn shall be exalted. Those last three verses are for us this morning. Blessed is the people that know that know the joyful sound. We know a joyful sound this morning. There's a song that says, "We have heard the joyful sound. Jesus saves. Jesus saves." There's a lot of unjoyful sounds in the world at the moment, but we know we've heard the joyful sound. So, that's what we're going to uh do this morning is is um sing some joyful sounds. Let's just pray. Lord, we thank you that in your presence there is joy, Lord, and there's love and there's life, Lord. Lord and we thank you that in the midst of hopelessness, no matter what our situation might be, no matter what state the world is in, no matter anything, Lord, we have a living hope in you, we have joy in you, Lord. Matter if there if we live in a world full of depression, Lord, in you, there's joy, there's hope, there's life. So Lord, we just want to sing to you this morning, Lord, and rejoice that you've Lord, you've given us the joyful sound, Lord. We've heard the joyful sound that comes from you, Lord, that says Jesus saves. So we just commit the service to you. May you bless us this morning. bless the songs and bless the the word. May we just enter in this morning and receive from you all that you have for us. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Let's sing. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. I have decided to follow Jesus. No turning back. No turning back to the world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. The cross before me. The world behind me. And the cross before me. No turning back. No turning back. Well, take this whole world and give me Jesus. I said, take this whole world, but give me Jesus. You can take this whole world, but give me Jesus. No turning back. No turning back. Well, I have started for the kingdom. I have started for the kingdom. I had started for the kingdom. There's no turning back. No turning back. Though none go with me, still will I follow. Though none go with me, still I will follow. Though not go with me, still I will follow. No turning back. No turning back. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. Oh my cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. My cross I'll carry till I see Jesus. No turning back. notes turning back high. I'm going to sing. I'll sing glory, glory, and hallelujah. Sing glory, glory, and hallelujah. Sing glory, glory, and halleluah. No turning back, no turn. Sing glory, glory. Sing, glory, glory. And halleluah sing glory, glory and halleluah. Sing glory, glory and hallelu. No turning back. Sing glory, glory, sing glory, glory and hallelu. I'll sing glory, glory, and halleluah. Sing glory, glory, and [Music] halleluah. No turning back. Let's sing that one more time. No turning back. Sing glory, glory, sing glory, glory, and hallelu. How sing glory, glory, and hallelu. Sing glory, glory and hallelu. No turning back. No turning back. Amen. Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I Oh, no. No. Why? Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I of what the Lord has done for. You ought to be there. You ought to be there when he saved my soul. You ought to be there when he put my name on the road. That's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to testify, but I Oh, no. No. I Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to testify, but I I give it to myself of what the Lord has done for. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there when he saved my soul. You ought to have been there when he put my name on the road. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Oh yes, I said that I said I wasn't going to shout for joy, but I Oh, I said I Oh, no, no, no. Why? Well, I said I wasn't going to shout for joy, but I of what the Lord has done for me. You ought to have been there. You ought to be there when he saved my soul. would have been there when he put my name on the wall. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I was and I said I wasn't going to share the message, but I Oh, no. No. Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to share the message, but I of what the Lord has done. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there when he saved my soul. want to be there. When he put my name on the wall and that's when I started walking, I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there when he saved my soul. would have been there when he put my name on the road. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there when he saved my soul. would have been there when he put my name on the wall. And that's when I started walk. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Amen. Praise the Lord. A little bit faster. I'll praise in the valley, praise in the [Music] mountain. I'll praise when I'm sure. I'll praise when I'm doubting. I'll praise when I'm hungry. Cuz praise is the one my enemies round. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to pray. Oh my [Music] god. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to pray. Oh my. I'll praise when I feel it. I'll praise when I don't. I'll praise cuz I know. You're standing. [Music] My praise is [Music] awake. My praise is the [Applause] [Music] share. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to pray. [Music] Heat. Heat. I won't fight. My God is alive. How could I keep it? I'm going to pray for [Music] my keep. [Music] How praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. How praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody. One more time. How praise your praise cuz you reign. Praise you and defeated. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How can I keep it inside? I'm going to pray. [Music] I'm [Music] not going [Music] to be quiet. Oh no, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats. Praise the Lord. You can have your seats. This morning we have a special from the um Oliver children. The Oliver children are really starting to excel in the specials department. One, two, three. Just saying. Oh, there we go. [Music] Who owns a cattle on the thousand hills for us and he always will. Who was a yet lives still? Nobody but my Lord. Who can do can do can do anything? Nobody but my Lord. A master. Who can do can do can do anything. Nobody but my Lord who makes us happy when we've been sad. Loves us even when we're bad. Who answers prayers and makes us glad. Nobody but my Lord. Who can do can do anything? Nobody but my Lord. A master who can do can do can do anything. Nobody but my Lord who was a hung upon a tree suffered shame for you and me. Who was a died yet lives free? Nobody but my Lord. Who can do anything? Nobody but my Lord. A master who can do can do can do anything. Nobody but my lord and savior who can do can do can do anything. Nobody but my lord who can do can do anything. Nobody but my lord. Nobody but my Lord. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand this morning. [Music] Let's just worship Lord this morning. You are here moving in our me. I worship you. I worship you. You are here revealing who you are. I worship you. I worship you. You are here turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working miracles. I worship you. I worship you cuz you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you are way maker, miracle worker, promiseke keeper, light in the darkness. That is who you are. You are he touching every [Applause] heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are You are here healing every [Applause] life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here restoring every [Music] life. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. Many broken hearts. Many broken hearts. I worship you. I worship you because you are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Are you the way maker work, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. One more time. Way maker. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. Even when I don't see it. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Even when I don't Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. Even when I don't see it. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Cuz you're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God. That is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. The way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. You're the way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, way maker, miracle worker, promise keep in the dark. My God, that is who you are. [Music] How great the cas that lay between. I high the mountain I could not turn to heaven spoke your name into then through the darkness [Music] Your loving kindness all through the shadows of my soul. The work is finished. The end is written. Jesus Christ my living. [Music] Who could imagine so great a mercy? What a heart could feather such boundless grace. The God of aesthey to wear my sins and bear my shame. The cross has spoken. I am forgiven. The king of kings calls me. You live for Savior. I'm yours [Music] forever. Jesus Christ my L. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name. Jesus Christ. I sing halleluah halleluah hallelu praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain. There's salvation in your name, Jesus Christ, my livinging [Music] home. Then came the morning that sealed the promise. Your buried body began to breathe out of the [Applause] silence. The [Applause] Lord has no me. Jesus yours. Jesus, yours is the victory. Sing hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Sin has lost his grip on me. You have broken. There salvation in your name Jesus Christ my livinging hope. Sing halleluah. Hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its grip on me. You have broken every chain with salvation in your name. Jesus Christ the [Music] living. Oh hallelujah. Praise the one who set me free. Hallelujah. Death has lost its body on me. You have broken every chain. There salvation in your name. Jesus Christ, my livinging hope. Hallelujah. Amen. Death has lost its grip on me. I'm free this morning. Amen. We're a free people this morning. free to praise God and give him glory. Amen. For all he's done, all he's doing. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Let the redeemed say so. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Amen. God bless you, Brother Isaac. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's go to um the scripture. Go to Second Kings. Um, so I don't have a PowerPoint this morning. Um, so 2 Kings 6 and8. Uh, just as you're turning there, I'd like to welcome a few people. Amen. We've got, uh, Lii and Nau in the back. God bless you. Amen. Good to have you here. Amen. Welcome. Amen. We got Graeme and Sarah in the family. God bless you. Amen. Good to have you here. Amen. Welcome. Amen. Trust everyone feels at home, relaxed, rejoicing. Hey, he's won it all. We're victorious cuz he's victorious. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Let's um yeah. So 2 Kings um 6 and 8 says here, "Then the king of Syria wared against Israel, and took counsel with his servants, saying, "In such a such a place shall be my camp." And the man of God sent unto the king of Israel, saying, "Beware uh that thou pass not such a place, for hither uh thither, however it says, the Syrians are come down." And the king of Israel sent to the place which the man of God told him and warned him of and save saved him there not once nor twice. Therefore, not once nor twice. Therefore, the heart of the king of Syria was sore troubled for this thing. And he called his servants and said unto them, Will you not show me which of us is for the king of Israel? And one of his servants said,"None, my lord, oh king, but Elisha the prophet that is in Israel, tellth the king of Israel the words that thou speaketh in thy bed chamber." And he said, "Go spy where he is, that I may send and fetch him." And it was told him, saying, Behold, he is in Dothan. Therefore, uh, sent he thither horses and chariots and a great host, and they came by night, and he can pass the city about. And when the servant of the man of God was risen early and gone forth, behold, and host compass the city both with horses and chariots, and his servant said unto him, Alas, my master, what shall we do? And he answered, "Fear not, for they that be with us are more than they that be with them." And Elisha prayed and said, Lord, I pray thee opened his eyes that he may see. And the Lord opened the eyes of the young man and saw, and behold, the mountains were full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha. Hallelujah. Then we're just going to read one verse from John. You don't need to read it. I mean I mean turn to it. Sorry. Uh John 19 and5. This is where Pilate brings the Lord Jesus forth before the people. It says, "Then came Jesus forth wearing the crown of thorns and purple robe and Pilate saith unto them, Behold the man." Amen. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer this morning. Amen. If you have a need, just lift it up in faith to the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Gracious father, we're so thankful, Lord. We can say death has lost its grip on us. Lord, you're the God that can do anything. Lord Jesus, you there's nothing that you cannot do, Father. All things are possible, Lord, with you. And you said all things are possible to them that believe. So I pray, Father, you'd raise our faith this day, dear God. May I pray a rapturing faith would strike every heart. May your spirit of revelation touch every life. Father, may the gloom and discouragement of this world be gone. Lord, I pray that Lord, that you'd be exalted in our midst, Lord. Go from heart to heart, Lord. Touch every life, Lord Jesus. break every chain and curse and feder of the enemy, Lord. Every sickness, may it be gone, Father. Every doubt and frustration, Lord, may it be gone as we sit at your table, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats um this morning. So, I want to speak about looking at the Lord. I put um I put the uh um I put the quote by, you know, from um from I say, Brother Martin Luther um on, you know, my status during the week. I've been chewing on this for a while. I'm not sure where I heard it from, but Martin Luther said, "When I look at myself, I can't see how I can be saved. But when I look at Christ, I don't see how I can be lost." Amen. So, it depends who you're looking at this morning. Even your whole life, if you look at yourself, you say, "How on earth can I ever make it?" But if you look at him, you say, "How on earth can I not make it?" Amen. So, it depends who you're looking at. Now, you know, what you look at affects your attitude. It's it it affects the atmosphere you carry. Amen. It affects how you treat others. It's what you look at affects what you say. Now, you got to look at when people uh are are down in the dumps is because they're looking at stuff that make it down in the dumps. If you look at world news, it cannot make anyone happy, right? If you feed off the things of the world, you'll never get any joy from those things. Amen. But if you look at the Lord, Amen, how can you be unhappy? How can you be down? Amen. Why? Because the joy of the Lord is our strength and his word is a fullness of joy. Amen. He's put it into your heart. Amen. This morning, amen. God is here to lift you up into heavenly places. Amen. So let's not look at ourselves or this world. Let's look to him. Amen. Because if you look at him, nothing is impossible. Amen. You know, you if you look at him, just just one moment looking at his word as he opens his word to you, you think, how on earth could anyone be lost? How on earth can my family ever be in lost? How could I ever be stuck here? How could I ever not miss the you never never take the rapture? No. If you look at him, you're fully persuaded God can do it. Hallelujah. Amen. You know, I realized um uh you after coming back from Canada, I realized, you know, I've been negative. I've been too negative for a while. I've been negative. I thought, Lord, take this negativity out of me. Take the spirit of negativity out of me. So, I pray we're going to be positive from now on. Amen. Cuz we got a positive word, a positive message. Amen. It's not a message of condemnation. It's a message of deliverance, of salvation, of peace. Amen. Of joy unspeakable. Amen. So, this is just how I want to be from now on. You know, that spirit tried to come back. I said, "No, I see you. Get out of here in the name of Jesus Christ." Amen. So, if you ever feel negative or down, that's not God. That's not you. That's your enemy. Amen. We should be positive beyond positive. Can you be too positive in the Lord? I don't know. Let's find out. I don't think so. Amen. So, see the king of Syria now. So, now we find in our scene here, Elisha and Gahazi, who was his servant, found themselves in Dothan, surrounded by the enemy. Now the king of Syria sent his army there because he was told that Elijah knew his thoughts even in his bed chamber. Kind of reminds me about the fact that we know the devil's schemes. Amen. As brother Bram would say in the second seal they says the opening of the seals it doesn't just reveal Christ but it reveals the devil and his schemes and who he is. It unfolds the enemy. Amen. So just like Elisha I say the seals were open to him. Amen. He understood the workings of the enemy, working out how he moves and where where he's going to ambush and how he can trip him up and, you know, cause devastation to Israel. But it was all revealed to Elisha because the word came open to him. I mean, he wasn't ignorant of the devil's devices and he told the king of Israel what he would be doing. I mean, so the uh uh the devil or I mean the king of Syria, you know, sent his imps or his army, I mean, to go find Elisha and Gazi. Now, let's just stop for a moment. Don't you think that God could have shown Elisha that the enemy was there? He didn't seem too surprised, right? And we shouldn't be surprised when the enemy tries to take us out or surround us, but it all depends what you're looking at uh in the situation. Now, I believe the reason that God allowed this to happen is because God wanted to open Gahazi's eyes to the fact that they're not alone. I mean, that the you know that the armies of heaven that were around Elisha were there the whole time. Gahazi never seen the chariots of fire before. Elisha did. Amen. When he followed Elijah over the Jordan River, you know, we know that that chariot of fire picked up Elijah took him up in a rapture. And brother Bram said that when they crossed Jordan, that every bush and every tree had a chariot of fire hitched to it. Amen. So, so when they crossed that Jordan, Elisha could see into the unseen realm, he had seen miracles before, but now he saw heaven come open. Amen. So, he realized that those same chariots that lifted up Elijah into heaven were with him even now. Amen. So, so, but Gahazi didn't know this. So, I believe that God allowed the trouble to strike Gahazi because God wanted Gahazi to know you're not alone in this walk. You've been following the bride of Christ for a long time. You're one of the believers. But I want you to know, Amen. There's more than just you. What are you looking at, Gahazi? Don't look at this thing. Look at heaven. Amen. That's why Elijah prayed, "Lord, open his eyes." Because because Elijah knew those armies that see his prayer didn't bring the armies of heaven down. No, they were there the whole time. Amen. But it opened up Gahazi's eyes to the reality of what was with him. I mean, it was more than the Syrians. It was the armies of heaven or around him. Amen. And God will use trouble to open the eyes of his people. Amen. God will have a testimony, right? Amen. God will have a testimony in every situation. And what is the really the outcome of every testimony? God lives. God wants to prove his word. Amen. God will send you trouble to get a hold of your family. Amen. God will send you a trial. God will send you a problem. Amen. that God can step into and those who are around you can look and say, "Yes, this message is true." Amen. This word lives. Amen. God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's why trouble comes. Amen. Brother says that God harnesses trouble, puts bits in its mouth, and makes it obey him. Amen. Those troubles bring us into a closer fellowship with God. Amen. So you say, "Well, I've got a lot of trouble." I say, God actually wants you very close. Amen. He's not sending you trouble to drive you away. sending you trouble to pull him, pull you closer to his bosom. Hallelujah. Say, Lord, praise God for trouble cuz you want a closer walk with me. Hallelujah. And Gahazi, God wanted that walk with Gahazi. Amen. So there, so so there at first, Gahazi is looking at the Syrian army. He's stressed. He's anxious. He's talking about, "Wo is us. We're trapped. The game is up. There's no escape." Now, see, he's looking at the wrong thing. By looking at the Syrians, he realized there's no way we can escape. It's inevitable. It's just going to go through the motions. The Syrians are going to maybe starve us out. We're going to die. Maybe they'll assault the city. Take it. We're going to die. The sum of his thought process was they were going to die. It was just a matter of time. That's cuz he was looking at the wrong thing. Amen. He's looking at the wrong thing. Never look at the natural things around you. No. Because those same angels that were with Elisha are with the bride of Jesus Christ. Amen. And as the word would say in Psalms 34:7, the angel of the Lord encamps about those that fear him and deliverth them. Hallelujah. Amen. So, and and the next verse says, "Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Blessed is the man that trusteth in him." Amen. So, the angel of the Lord encamps about you. Amen. He's around you wherever you go. He's not just up in glory. He's with you. He's on your level. Amen. If you're on a mountain, he's with you next to you. If you're in a valley, he's with you. Doesn't matter where you are, he's with you. the entire time. And he encamps about you not to just be a silent onlooker, but to bring deliverance. Amen. To bring a way out. Amen. To to to to bring you out of trouble. Amen. Praise the Lord. See, so Elisha wasn't looking at the Syrians. He said, "There's more for us than against us." Amen. And then Gahazi got the same revelation. And he was more And then when he saw the armies of heaven, well, before they saw it's impossible for us to get out of this situation, he saw the armies of heaven. and he say it's impossible for us not to get out cuz God's in control. Hallelujah. Same thing with us friends. We're not alone. We're not alone in this walk. We are not we're we are not defeated. We're victorious in every situation. God will have a testimony in every day of your life. He'll have a testimony. He wants to prove his word more than you realize. Amen. We cry out, "God, bring a miracle. Bring deliverance. Bring the supernatural." He wants to give it more than you want to receive it. Hallelujah. Well, then why why is he sometimes silent? Because he wants you to be certain of him in silence. When I don't feel him, he's working. When I don't see him, he's working. You got to be certain of God. Amen. Elisha was certain of God cuz he had a supernatural transformation when he received the uh mantle of Elijah. Amen. But he was certain of God. He didn't, you know, we got to be certain of God in the silence. It's not always in the rejoicing and the happy time. No, be certain of God in the silence. Job was certain of God when he didn't have an answer. He had lost his family except for his wife. Lost all of his, you know, uh, livestock and all these things sitting there with boils busted out in his body. His friends came and accused him that he was a secret sinner. But he was certain of God. Amen. Cuz he was certain he had met Jehovah's requirements of the blood of the lamb. Amen. And brother Ram says, "When you turn over every stone of your life and there's nothing, just be certain of God." Amen. Be certain that you've met every requirement. You say, "What are the requirements?" Repent. Give your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ. Be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. That's you. That's Brother Bam said that's you meeting God's requirements. And if you're sick, call the elders of the church, be anointed with oil, be and then be certain of God. God will answer his word in his time. I mean, I believe if there's a people that are certain of God, I'm looking at them this morning. I mean, we've seen him do too much not to be certain of him, to start doubting him now. No, he's done too much for us to doubt him now. Even if we feel trouble and hardship and we don't know which way to go, we are certain he will lead us. We are certain he will speak in his season. We are certain that we can stand on the rock of revelation no matter what what we face. Amen. God wants to prove your faith works. Amen. God wants to prove this rock of revelation you're built upon is not shifting sands. It's not a man-made construction that can decay and fall apart, but it's an unmovable rock. Amen. It doesn't matter what the devil pushes against you of doubt, trouble, splits in families, hardship, whatever it is, God wants you to know, I built you on the rock. Amen. That rock will not fail. You will not fall. You might feel like you're going to slide off the thing, but God says, "I've got you on this rock." Amen. You see, every material is always tested. I remember when I was uh very long time ago now was an American sire. I was on a building site. I was in the office. Don't know how I got the job, but I was there. Every time they poured concrete, they take two cylinders of concrete or make two cylinders and they would pressure test them at certain days to prove that the concrete they poured was was fine. So they put it in this pressure test and you know it would break over a certain pressure was okay. I tell you what, God. But so the concrete had to be proved. Right? Your faith must be proved and and God will allow the devil to put a pressure test. And it may seem very very great, but actually the material is indestructible. Revelation is indestructible. Amen. That you're built in. Amen. That is it. It doesn't matter what pressure can come, that thing can't bust. Hallelujah. Well, are you sure? Are you still a believer? Are you still a believer? We're going through many, many pressure tests, many, many things we've gone through. We're still here. Why? God wants you to know your faith holds. When you think you can't hold, it holds you. Amen. Like brother Brand, you know, he has asked when he lost his wife and his daughter, you know, uh he was asked, you know, are you still holding on to your religion? And he said, "No, no, my God's holding me. My God's holding me." Hallelujah. Amen. The Apostle Paul would speak of, you know, we just read this in sec um 2 Corinthians 4. He says, "We're troubled on every side yet not distressed." The Apostle Paul is looking at something, right? We are prop perplexed but not in despair, persecuted but not forsaken, cast down but not destroyed, always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body. We which live are always delivered unto death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our mortal flesh. So then death workketh in us, but life in you, pardon me. We having the same spirit of faith according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken. We also believe and therefore speak, knowing that he which raised up the Lord Jesus shall raise up us also by Jesus and shall present us with you. For all things are for your sakes, that the abundant grace might through the thanksgiving of many rebound to the glory of God. For which cause we faint not. For though the our outward man perish, yet the inward man is renewed day by day. For our light affliction is but for a moment. See, he wasn't looking at his afflictions. Remember, he had been shipwrecked. He had been stoned. He had been put in jail. He had been, you know, battles of religious spirits, all kind of things. But he wasn't looking at those things. Amen. He really he was looking to the Lord. Amen. So, and he said, "Those things are all just but light afflictions at which our for just above um just for a moment workketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory. Why we look not at the things which are seen, but at the things which are not seen, for the things that are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal." Amen. That's why you know Elisha, you know, he he wanted Gahazi to look at the unseen realm. Look at that realm that was already around him. Amen. Amen. And that's why the apostle Paul would come down, you know, after he would after he'd go through the heroes of faith in uh Hebrews chapter 11, he said, you know, then he would say, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith. Amen. Who is who for the joy set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. Amen. See, see, it all depends what you're looking at. Amen. Are you looking at yourself or you looking at the word? Amen. And if you look at the word then the there's no way you can be lost. If you look at yourself you you know that's when you get into jeopardy. Remember the devil doesn't want you to look at him at the word. He wants you to look at yourself and your own ability. See this has always been the problem down through the ages is a legalistic spirit has always been there. People have always thought if I do a certain thing therefore I'm saved. Right? You know brother Ram said the Pentecostals were great legalists. What did they do? as they believed that they did something. What was that? Spoken tongues. They were sealed to the day of their redemption. But grace goes beyond all those things. But what happens when it comes to the message realm? Well, if I understand the seals, therefore, I'm redeemed. But it's not a mental understanding. You just walk with God. God unfolds his word. No, we're saved by the grace of God. And it's not our doing. It's his doing. We just let him do it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, you know, we got to make sure that we're looking at him and his word, not at what people have done with the word. You know, you say, "Well, brother, brother so and so took this quote, this scripture and said this, or sister so and so had this attitude cuz she had this quote and all these things." You are you're looking at the wrong thing. Amen. We're all still human, right? We all are a work in progress. Amen. We all want a closer walk with God. Hallelujah. We're all, you know, we're all being refined and molded. You know, none of us are perfect Christians. Amen. But you see those things, if you look at the wrong things, it will build a complex in your life. Amen. But the blood of Jesus Christ has never given anyone a complex. Amen. If you look at him, that's why I read Pilot saying, "Behold the man." Amen. The greatest one that would ever stand in flesh was right there in front of them. They weren't looking at him, right? Pilate even wasn't looking at him, right? But there were some believers there that saw him. This is the Messiah. This is the Christ. He's come to take away the sins of the world. If you behold him, everything will work out fine. Amen. Because if you behold him and how great he is, then you are actually allowing his word, his power to manifest through you. Amen. You don't get a complex by the blood of Jesus Christ. You get love. That's where you get love, not a complex. So, brother Bram says, "Amen." Praise the Lord. Now it says in Isaiah 59:19, he says, "So, so shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun." We have had the rising of the sun in this day. When brother Ram stood there on Easter Sunday, I believe it was, and preached this, it is the rising of the sun. He wasn't just picking a nice title. He was making a declaration. There's been a dual sun rising. Not just a natural sun, but the sen, the son of God has risen in these last days. Amen. to transform a people to make them into his image. Amen. That we can look upon him. Amen. We can look upon him and realize our God is alive. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's present in this age. He's just alive in 2025 as he was back 20,000 years ago, back in 1963. He's the same God today. I'm persuaded about that. I don't think we can lift that up enough. I don't think we can emphasize it enough that he's the same God. Amen. Why do we allow trouble and fear to grip our lives because we're not looking at him? Don't give don't give fear power in your life. No, fear should be powerless in your life. And the enemy will try and put fear upon your uncertainty. But how does he do it? Makes you look at you and your personality and your struggles and your things. I say those things are all lying vanities. Look on the Lord and he will fix you. We are his workmanship. Glory. I'm not my own workmanship. Not I'm not trying to reform myself. Not trying to turn over a new leaf. How How has that worked for anyone? No good. New Year's resolution. January 2nd, they're all turned back again. You know, oh, but I've got a strong willpower. It will come to an end. Amen. Peter had a strong willpower when he said, "Lord, I'll never forsake you. I'll never deny you. I'll never be offended there." But he was offended. He denied the Lord. He swore and cursed doing it all these things there before the crucifixion. But he he he thought my willpower I can be a real Christian. Ain't it ain't willpower, it's a give up. It's a surrender. Oh, that's weakness. No, that's strength. Because when you give up, then he can take over. Amen. The the unconquerable. Amen. All conquering, all powerful Lord God Almighty can step into your human battles and take over. Amen. Amen. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him. Amen. Now, many people look at the flood and they forget the standard, right? We know there's a flood in this day. The enemy has come in like a flood. That's not coming in the future. He's already here. There's been, you know, the lid of hell has been lifted off. Demon power is streaming everywhere. Amen. Spirits of unbelief have heaped up. Gross darkness has covered the people. But if you read that in Isaiah, it says, "Behold, arise and shine, for thy light has come." He says, "Thy light has come." And then he says, "Gross darkness covers the people." So it depends what you're looking at. I mean, if you look at the gross darkness, you think, "How on earth can I ever get out of here?" I mean, the millions of voices and opinions that have flooded this world. How can I ever find truth? Well, you can. Jesus said, "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." Amen. The mechanics of the beast system are set up ready for the devil to become incarnate in a man. It's all here. But we know when the devil is when the devil is cast out and incarnate in a man, the brideges up. Amen. Amen. So, but we may look at these things, look at all the unbelief, the skepticism, all the, you know, science and all these things that have flooded this planet, you know, reasoning and all these things, philosophy and things. We think if you look at that flood, you think, how on earth are we ever get out going to get out of here, but you're looking at the wrong thing. You see, what you look at will affect your mood, will affect what you say, will affect your actions. Amen. It's like you look at your children. If you look at the flood, you think, "How on earth are my children ever going to get out of here? How are we ever going to get out of here?" And then what happens? You become a helicopter parent. You get all tense. You get all stressed. You're just trying to beat them down and keep them contained. Be trying to be negative and all these things. That is not faith. That is fear. But we're not here to have fear. We're here to have faith. Amen. Because if you look at the flood, that's how you begin to speak. You speak negative and worried and troubled and all these things. But turn your eyes up. Turn your eyes up to the standard that has been raised in this age. Amen. Amen. The manifested word is here. Christ himself. Amen. Is present. It's the greatest standard that's ever come. Amen. Behold the man. Amen. Behold this great one. Amen. That holds holds back the hordes of hell until his bride gets home. Amen. So don't forget the standard. No. Look at the standard. If you look at the flood, you think, "How on earth how on earth am I going to get out here?" If you look at him, you think, "How on earth am I going to stay?" You think about how great he is. He hasn't called you to lose you. I mean, he hasn't called you to take you halfway or 3/4 of the way and leave you in a desert. No, he's come to place you in his promises. Place you in the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I mean, every divine promise belongs over Jordan. And he's opened the Jordan, tooken us through, placed us placed us in in our inheritance. Amen. If you look at him, you think, "How on earth could I ever be lost?" Amen. You look at him, you think, "How on earth can my family be lost?" They can't. Amen. How on earth can that spirit of unbelief grip them and keep them keep them captive? It cannot. Amen. Amen. He loosed you of unbelief. He loosed you of skepticism. He loosed you of religion. Amen. He leaves loose you of evolution. All these kind of nonsense. God loosed you. Amen. So the same faith that God gave you to that you would be free. Apply it to your family. Amen. Don't fear about what the enemy can do. No. My God is greater. My God is stronger. My God is more powerful. Amen. So have faith. That same faith. Hallelujah. That you had for yourself. Amen. Apply it to your family. Lift up that standard and say, "Lord, how on earth can my family be lost?" Hallelujah. How can we be in jeopardy for a moment? You say, "Well, they've gone real wayward." You're looking at the wrong thing. You're looking at the wrong thing. Amen. The prodal son went wayward. He planned it. He went out there. A spirit got on him and he thought the world had something more than he ever had. Amen. At home in his father's house. But what did his father look at? Was he upset? Was he hurt? Sure, he's human. He loved his loved his son. But what was he looking at? He wasn't looking at the direction his son went in. I mean, he's looking at the covenant promise God gave him. Amen. The revelation that he was a son of Abraham. Amen. He looked at that. He thought, "How on earth can my son stay away?" Hallelujah. What' that do? It causes angel of the Lord to go into a pig pen. Amen. Cause the angel of the Lord to break a cycle in a life. Amen. People try and turn a new leaf. I'm going to do better. I'm going to serve God. They fall and fall and fall. But God wants to break that cycle. Amen. God wants to break that cycle. Amen. I do. The angel of the Lord went down into the pig pen and he came to himself. What did that? The father looking at the promise. Hallelujah. Amen. The father look at the promise. I say we got moms and dads, brothers and sisters here that God has shown them the promise. Hallelujah. Why? Cuz God has transformed your life. He's shown you this message. Amen. He's shown you that the angels of heaven are around you and he's shown you that he's with you. He's already proved it. Glory. How can we be negative? If heaven fights for me, hell better watch out. Amen. If God before us, who can be against us? Nothing. No weapon formed against you shall prosper. There'll be a lot of weapons formed. They won't prosper against you. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God for the weapons. Why? It draws me a closer walk with God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. What is the standard? It's the anointed word living in a people. It's this message putting on flesh. Amen. God has made you thus already. You have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're the living word in flesh today. Amen. You're the Bible in flesh form, reality form. That's what you are. Amen. You're the seventh seal walking around upon the earth. What is the seventh seal? Christ himself coming down to redeem his earth, redeemer his bride. Amen. You You're already part of that process. Hallelujah. You want to see the seventh seal? Here I am. Don't cut that out and make something out of it, but you know what I mean. Christ is in his body. If Christ is in me, the hope of glory, how can I be lost? How can my family be lost? How can things be? You know, we're not here just to We're here to overcome. We're here to overcome. Amen. And brother Ram said that to in order to overcome you got to recognize the enemy. Right now he talks about cancer but to me it applies to everything. Depression, negativity, anxiety, fear, whatever sickness, doubts, frustrations, trouble. If you got to recognize, yes, that's a real enemy. And yes, it's come against you. But you're going to realize the one in you already has already overcome that thing. He says that's perfectly sensible. That's overcoming. You say, "The enemy's on my case, but God's on his case." Amen. The enemy is trying to destroy me, but no, my God is greater than him. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Ram would say in the in the uh Pergamin church age, I believe it is, he says, "Now Jesus Jesus knew that there would be a terrible drift away from the word in the Pergamian age, which was as yet 200 years off from the Patmos vision. He knew that drift would cause him to go into the dark ages. He knew that the way man originally got away from God was by first leaving the word. If you leave that word, you've left God. Thus, he is presenting himself to the church at Pergamos and indeed to all churches of all ages. I am the word. He says, if you want deity in your midst, then welcome and receive the word. Amen. Don't put your feelings above the word. Don't put what you're going through above the word. What are you looking at? I say, behold the man. And the answer to all your problems is Christ Jesus the word. Amen. Every situation you can't get yourself out of, he is the answer. Amen. So what do you look at your feelings? Well, you I'm hurt. You know, this is going on. You look at the wrong thing. If you look at your hurt, you'll just stay being hurt. But if you look to him, you'll be delivered. Amen. Don't don't ever let anyone or anything get between you and that word. That this which I'm giving you, the word is a revelation of myself. I am the word. Remember that. I and he I'm sorry. Remember that. I wonder he asked the question if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. And I had to ask myself this question during the week. Am I sufficiently impressed by the very God of heaven? The very God of the word, the very God who gave the promises, gave every prophecy, the one who spoke this whole world, everything into existence, the same one that died on Calvary, the same one that redeemed me. Am I sufficiently impressed with him in our midst? Am I impressed with him? You know, am I sufficiently captivated by the standard that he's raised in our lives? Am I impressed by it sufficiently or has it become common? You know, Brother Bram tells a story of a poet. He had he had spent his life writing about the ocean, great works of poetry about the ocean, but yet he had never seen the ocean. So one day he decides what I've what I've written about what I've heard about I want to go see it. He wanted to go see another world. Amen. So he starts walking down towards the towards the ocean and you know first of course before he ever sees the sea he hears the boom of the waves. I love that sound. I grew up listening to that sound in Gizb hearing the boom of the surf just a couple of blocks away. You know he begins to hear that. Then the salt smell comes into his nostrils. You know so he begins to experience that which he's only written about. And you know, he begins a bit, you know, get a bit happier, lighter in his step, more more excited. But then as he's going on down his way to the ocean, you know, he sees this old salt, you know, this old sailor, this old fisherman who's there with a big bed, he's got a pipe in his mouth, and he's, you know, encrusted in salt. And, you know, this, you know, this sailor sees this um sees this young poet says, "Yo, good day to you. Where are you going?" And this, you know, this poet's super excited. And, you know, he's walking down there and he says, "Well, I'm on my way to see the ocean. I'm a poet. I've written about the um ocean all my life. But finally, it's my opportunity, my time to come and see it. But then this old salt, he just spat, you know, spat on the ground, took a puff of his pipe, and said, "Oh, there's nothing to it. I was born on this thing. I was raised on this thing. I worked on this thing, and I'll die probably on this ocean as well. There's nothing to it." And you see what had happened is is the ocean the sailor was not sufficiently impressed anymore by the ocean by the word. I mean because if you think about he says you know there's nothing special about it. I was born on it. So he wasn't sufficiently impressed by the very thing that shaped who he was which is the ocean. Now you could you could take the ocean. Yo yo I love to hear the boom of the surf. The thunder of the waves. Amen. You know, it's like when the wind begins to move, the Holy Spirit begins to move upon the word. Amen. The washing by the water of the word and the word begins to move and you hear the voice of God thunder out. Hallelujah. I mean, something that stirs my soul when you hear the word of God preached by, you know, under the inspiration. Amen. You know, but but the salt just saw what's going to be harder to go fishing today. Harder trouble. See, he had lost his enthusiasm and now it was just a burden to be a fisherman. You know the you the I love to see the sun reflecting off the ocean. You got to see the sunlight of the you know reflect off the word of God. And you can see the sun you can see Jesus Christ in the ocean. Hallelujah. As the as the anointing reflects it off. Amen. And I don't know if anyone's experienced but who's ever truly become salt encrusted. I remember sailing many times, young boy, you know, waves washing over you, everything, and you the sun dries you off and you're basically just one big salt crystal by the time you get into the get into the beach. Amen. It's a glorious feeling. Hallelujah. Why? Because when the when the water when the word moves, it makes you salty. Amen. There's a spring in your step. Amen. You come out those doors with joy bells ringing. Doesn't matter what's going on in life, there's a joy that's ringing deep in your soul. you become salty. Amen. It changes your outlook, you know. But you know, the salty thought, well, that's just work. I've just got to, you know, the old, you know, the old um fisherman, well, I've just got to wash off and I hate salt and all these things. Why? It became common to him. Amen. The joy of catching a prize fish out of the ocean. It was just work to the old salt. It became common. The thing that he was on was feeding him, sustaining him, but he took it for granted. There's prize fish in here. There's a prize meal in here. Hallelujah. Amen. I trust we haven't lost our enthusiasm for for where we live in the word of God. Amen. You know, big storms come. You know, I was enjoying the storm we had, you know, this this wind. I was enjoying it. You know, I went outside and you can hear the wind. It makes different sounds. as it goes through different trees, you know, and it kind of reminded me of a good oldfashioned meeting. You know, the spirit of God begins to blow. Amen. And it creates a different sounding hallelujah out of all the trees. I mean, out of all the bushes, amen, as the wind begins to blow. Amen. What a different hallelujah. Different praise comes out. It's all praising the same God. And we all have the life of God in us, right? But it reminded me of that. I just stood out there for a while and I just enjoyed the sound of it there. Or that epic kind of, you know, I love that sound. And and you know what I love about that kind of a storm when the spirit of God blows. See, it's not just persecution that makes our roots go down deeper. The wind of persecution. No, it's the wind of the Holy Spirit shakes us. Cause our roots to go deeper. Amen. You get moved by the spirit. Moved by the word and it touches your heart. What's happening? Your roots are going down deeper. Hallelujah. And I love to see a green tree. You know, you know, you know, we normally say green is inexperienced. Oh. Oh, that guy's green behind the whatever. You know, that guy's green. He's not experienced. But we need to stay green. Not in a experienced way, but in a flexible way. Amen. I love to see a tree that's green can just sway. Sway in the breeze. Move as the word moves them. Amen. But one without any leaves is a mournful sound. I don't believe there's any mournful sounds in here this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. So that salt, you know, that old that old sailor, it he wasn't sufficiently impressed. Another thing that happens when a storm whips up on the sea is all the trash gets washed out onto the bank. Amen. We went down to Eastborne and we saw the seaweed and trash and be washed up by that storm. And you know what? Some people they see, "Oh man, now we just got to clean up now." And some people subconsciously, I hate to say it, they don't want revival. They don't want the spirit of God to move because when the spirit of God moves, trash gets taken out of people's lives. Complexes, pains, hurts, secret sins, all these things just get washed out and then all these things are up on the bank and people say, "Oh, now we've just got to take care of this trash." Praise God for taking care of trash. It means it's not in a person anymore. Hallelujah. So, spirit of God, move. Touch our hearts, Lord. Change us, Lord. Get into those secret places. Amen. Manipulate us, Lord. Mold us, shape us. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. We got to realize that whatever the enemy sends us is never enough to win. Amen. Now, it depends what you're looking at. I'm looking at my standard. Amen. Who's with me now? Amen. There's, you know, in Noah's age, the mockers and scientific research of that age were never enough to stop Noah. He could not be stopped. Amen. Egypt wasn't enough to stop Moses. S and remember Satan was in Pharaoh. God was in Moses. Everything Satan had in Egypt was never enough. Could not stop Moses getting the children of Israel out of Egypt. You know, if Moses just saw looked at looked at his humanity, 80-year-old man, shepherd staff, that's all he had. He was going into the superpower of the age. If he was just looking at himself, he thought there is no way that God can fulfill his prophecy of deliverance out of out of Egypt if he just looked at at his humanity. But when he saw God in the burning bush, when he received that commission, when he saw that God was with him, he thought, "It's impossible for Egypt to hold us." Hallelujah. Amen. Goliath wasn't enough for David. Naturally, Goliath should have just stood on just should have stood on David like a bug. Naturally, right? But because David knew the Lord. So, see, revelation will prevail. Amen. See, the standard is a revelation. It's not a learning. Learn it all you want. Go for it. But let it become a revelation. Let the word become quickened into your heart. And because David went out there with a revelation that this uncircumcised Philistine is going down, nothing could stop him. Amen. Nothing could stop him. So all of Goliath's training and his and his reputation and his ability could not stop David. Amen. If David just looked at himself, he thought there's how can I kill this guy? But when we looked at God's promise, he thought, "It's impossible for Goliath to live another day." Amen. You got to see your problems the same way. Amen. When you look at your standard, you realize this thing is going down. Amen. This problem is going down. This this Goliath, this giant that's taunted me for day after day after day. Who has a who's ever had that? So, I'm feel like I'm struggling to get words out right now, but but who who's ever had that you'll never overcome this this anxiety? You'll never you know, because you're built this way, right? This is your This is your temperament. You know, this is how you're born. You always be an anxious, nervous person. What was that? That's a Goliath just trying to hold you there. I say, "No, no. Look at your standard that's been lifted and you realize this thing can't hold me. Negativity couldn't hold me." Amen. All the problems of this world can't hold me. No, I cannot be held. Amen. Cuz the one who couldn't be contained by the grave comes and lives in me. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. So nothing could stop David. Amen. Why? It's because nothing because the grace of God came to them and anointed the word of their age to them. Praise the Lord. Now if you take Passover night, the blood's been applied. There's darkness covering the Well, it didn't. I don't think it covered Go. They had light in their dwellings. That was the main thing. But you know, just imagine we're in Passover night. That first Passover. You're the firstborn. We have some firstborns here. E I'm number two. But you see there's firstborns there. So imagine now you are the firstborn in a family in Passover night. What are you looking at? The father applies the blood. Of course in sincerity and reverence with thanksgiving because he knew in his heart that every word the prophet said worked. Amen. The prophet said, "Let fleas come, frogs, flies, locust, whatever it all happened." Right? So now the prophet said it's time to apply the blood. We're leaving. Amen. Now, now, now the firstborn could panic all he wanted if he was looking at the circumstances. You mean death's going to strike? You mean you mean the firstborn's going to die and I'm the firstborn? If he was looking at his humanity or even at his father's humanity, then he could he could think, "How on earth is this going to work?" But if he turned his eyes from those things and turned his eyes to the promised word, he'd realize, "I'm as safe as safe could be." You know, Brother Brham says, "It's not even the preacher that prays for you that gave the promise. God gave the promise. Amen. Well, so and so prayed for me. No, no, it's the promise. Preachers don't give promises. God gave the promise. Your faith in the promise will cause it to come to pass. Amen. Cuz God gave the promise. Amen. So the father could say, "Son, you're looking at the wrong thing. Don't look at me. Don't look at yourself. Look at the promised word that's come into our house. We've applied the blood." Amen. It's impossible for you to be lost, my son, because the blood has been applied. Hallelujah. Amen. So, he can go from panicking to rejoicing. Amen. Well, how do you apply the blood, the token in this day? As I said, repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. So then what do you do now? So after the standard has been raised, what do you do? Start thanking him for it. Start praising him. The promise is here. Amen. See, we're not looking for, okay, we're looking for Jesus to physically come. Okay? But in terms of the promised word coming to be fulfilled, it's already here, right? Right? So, we can thank God, he's raised his standard. Amen. So, we can be begin to thank God that every promise he's given us is here now to be fulfilled. Amen. So, don't be down and don't look at this world and all its troubles. No, look at the standard that has been raised. Amen. And it says in Proverbs 17:22, "A merry heart doeth good like a medicine, but a broken spirit dryth the bones." Now, to me, that's more than just a natural effect of your body. It's your spirit. So, if you're looking if you're looking at this world and its problems and situations in life, how can you have a merry heart? Right? But if you're looking at the standard that's been raised, that will give you a merry heart. You'll begin to rejoice in the trouble, rejoice in the storm. Amen. Hallelujah. And then what happens? That begins to spread onto other people. Why? Why are you so positive? How's life going? Well, this has happened. This has happened. This Yeah, but why are you positive in it? Well, let me tell you. I'm looking at something else. I'm looking at my Lord. I mean, I'm looking at the one who's the promisekeeper, the light in my darkness. Amen. He's my God. He's my way maker. Amen. We should be the most positive people in all the world in spite of everything that's going on. Amen. See, nothing could hold our Lord. Death couldn't hold him. The tomb couldn't hold him. The Roman seal couldn't hold him. Nothing could stop our Lord Jesus. It says even Acts 2:24, Amen, that it was even impossible. It was not possible that death should hold him. You know, he was loose from the pains of death. Amen. And the reason he did is because he went to he went to Calvary with one scripture that he would rise again. And the scripture was Psalm 16:10. For thou will not leave my soul in hell, neither will thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption. I will not suffer I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. I will not leave my soul in hell, neither will thou suffer thy holy one to see corruption. That was a promise that was anchored in the heart of the Lord Jesus. So as a man, he had a revelation that I'm not staying in the grave. I'm coming out. Amen. So with that one scripture, he went to Calvary. Amen. And the revelation of that one scripture conquered hell, death, and the grave. Now remember, you've got a scripture, too. We shall not all sleep, but we shall be changed in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. That's the standard that has been raised in your life as a resurrection standard. Amen. That he is the resurrection and the life, and he has raised that. Amen. So, if you look at that, you realize I'm going to be changed. Amen. If I'm going to be changed, then my family's going to be changed. Hallelujah. See, if you look at the the flood that's coming, you you think, well, unbelief is going to hinder God. Unbelief doesn't hinder God. That's right. Brother Ram says many people think it does, but it does not. God has a program and his program is, as John said, he's able of these stones to raise up children to Abraham. Amen. That's his So, so that's his program. Amen. So, nothing will hinder God in this age. Yeah. We think, oh, there's unbelief on every hand. man, it's going to hinder God moving in my life. Absolutely not. Why? Because he said he'll raise up stones to be children of Abraham. I said, I'm looking at some stones, amen, that have been risen up. Amen. Came out of nowhere. Amen. Out of drug dens and pubs and bars and sport and all these kind of things in the world. God just called you. Say, I'm going to raise you up as children because you are my children. Hallelujah. Amen. Why? Because God that that's God's program. Amen. But remember now he has done it for a purpose. I'm going to be winding up a bit soon. It's you know it's the same thing if we look at this standard. You know brotherwood when he preached it's the rising of the sun. He went to Leviticus he spoke about how there was a there was a wave sheath offering that had been offered. So what happened is well you know if you look at corn or or wheat or any plant like that well anything you know that's that's grown right part of it matures before the other part right so what they did is they took a part of the field that had come mature they cut it down it was given to the priests and and he would wave it before the Lord thanking God the rest of the harvest in the field was going to come to the same condition as the one that was cut down and waved right and brother said that the that the life that that Christ is our wave sheath offering, right? And he's been waved over the people. Amen. This anointed word has been waved over the people. And and what is it? It's it's God giving thanks, saying the rest of the field, rest of the seed in the field will come to maturity just like him. Amen. Brother Ram says the same thing has happened in this end time through the message as God has waved what a standard has been raised of a life that's been lived of the word. It's been put in front of you. Amen. That and God is saying hallelujah. Because the rest of the seed in the field are going to come to the same maturity as the w as the life that's been waved. Amen. So, so now if you look at the field now, there could be remember the field is the world, right? And we can be planted in all kinds of things. We can be planted in a dry part, right? Seed wheat seed can be in a dry part of the field. Can be in a bogggy part of the field. It can be in a stony part of the field. It could be a part where there's lots of weeds with a part where there's lots of shade. Don't look at those things. You say, "You don't know my background. You don't know what I came out of." Don't look at what you came out of. Look at what you're being made into. Amen. Because remember, it's the wheat that was gathered. So the wheat that was waved, the same life in the wheat. So the same life in Christ is the same life in you. Amen. That's why, remember, he said, "All the father has given me will come to me." Amen. and all that comes I'll know why he's cast out. So he's saying that that we are part of him. Amen. So you're going to realize now it doesn't matter what part of the earth or or whatever problems you're going through. God said you will become into the same likeness as his word. Amen. But what are you looking at? Are you looking at the shade that you're under by a tree? Are you looking at a rock that's pushing you this way? Are you looking at the problem? Because you think, man, how on earth you you you can look at some fields, you say, "How on earth are they going to get a harvest out of that section?" You're looking at the wrong thing, right? Are you with me? Amen. No. No. You're looking at the wrong thing. Don't look at the problems around you. Look at the one that's been waved over you. The life of God. This message has been waved over you. saying that what you see in the message of a life, an overcoming life, a one that can love, can forgive, amen, can can turn the other cheek, can walk just like Jesus walked. See the character of Christ in a people that same life that you saw lived through the prophet what has come into you to produce the same thing. Hallelujah. Amen. Now I want you to read this one one verse with me and this is going to be one of my closing statements. So 1 Thessalonians 5 and23. I heard brother Freddy quote this when he gave his testimony at the ministers meeting. I thought man this is absolutely powerful because it depends what you're looking at. Okay so let's just go to that 1 Thessalonians 5 and23 because I I like to all read this together. Okay, I'd like us all to read this together. Okay, he says this here now. Is everyone there? Or you can look at the screen, whatever you want to do. Because remember, you think if you're looking at the flood that's coming, you think, how on earth can I get out of here? Right? But if you look at the standard that's been raised, you think, how on earth can I not get out of here? Okay. He says now and the very God of peace sanctify you holy and I pray God your whole spirit and soul and body be preserved blameless until the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. So he's praying now that all you are your body, spirit, soul will be preserved blameless. In other words, there's no sin, nothing, no ought that can be held against you. It's all gone. Be preserved, be kept. And then we go to the next verse. Faithful is he that calleth you, who also will do it. Hallelujah. Amen. So he's praying God, you know, I pray to God that you pre be preserved and all these things blameless. But he says, "Faithful is he that calleth you." He will do that. Amen. Now, if you look at yourself, you think, how on earth can that happen? But if you look at him, you think, God, you're going to do it. You're doing it. Hallelujah. Amen. So, so in closing, what you're looking at affects your attitude, the atmosphere you carry, and how you treat others. If you look at the flood, you won't have a positive attitude. Your atmosphere will be negative, and you'll treat others with contempt and disdain and just be stressful and anxious, right? But if you look at the standard that's been raised, you'll love everybody. Amen. There'll be a atmosphere of the love of God around you. Amen. You'll be salty. Praise the Lord. There'll be just an atmosphere. People want to be around you. Why? Because you're looking, you're not looking at yourself. You're looking at the standard that's been lifted. Amen. It will affect what you say. Just like just like Elisha said, Lord, open his eyes. There's more for us gahazi than there are against us. Why? He had he was certain of God that God was there to deliver them. Amen. And as I said, Martin Luther, he said, "When I look at myself, I can't see how I can be saved. But when I look at Christ, I don't see how I can be lost." Amen. And what are you looking at? Yourself or you looking at him? Now, say like Pilot said, "Behold the man. Behold his lovely face. Behold his word." Has he ever failed? Can he fail? Then why worry? Just give him thanks that he has given you light. Give him thanks. He's brought salvation your way. Give him thanks that he has redeemed you by his blood. Give him thanks that he is working all things after the council of his own will. Amen. That there's nothing there's nothing that is out of his control. We can have we can be certain of God that he is in control in every situation. And what does that cause us to do? Rejoice. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Let's have the musicians uh this morning, please. Amen. [Applause] Amen. I think we should sing that. Magnify the Lord with me. Amen. Let's magnify his name. Isn't he good? Hallelujah. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. If you have not tasted you, just open your heart. Say, Lord, I want to taste you, Lord. I've heard of thee, but I want to see you. Amen. You may be looking all just the natural problems things. I say Lord open our open our eyes Lord. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered [Music] me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. They'll never be ashamed. They'll never be ashamed. This poor man cried. And he answered me and saved me from my eneies. The son of [Music] God surrounds his saints. He will deliver them. He will deliver them. Magnify. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] ever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he who hides in me. Oh, fear the Lord. All love you say. He'll give you everything. [Music] He give you everything. Oh, magnify. Magnify the Lord with me. Come ex him. Exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord. coming. Oh, magnify. Magnify the Lord. [Music] Coming together. Glorify the Lord. He comes [Music] home forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, evering praise, may our incense rise. Let us bless the Lordless every day and night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day night. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. We're going to magnify magnify the Lord to me. Come and exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord. Come exalt his name. I'm going to magnify magnify the Lord to me. Come [Music] ex glorify the Lord with me. Come on. Come on. His [Music] name magnify magnify the [Applause] Lord. Come [Music] on. His name together. Glorify the Lord. We may come as [Music] old forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you every Oh, taste and see. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. And I said, "Thank you, Jesus, for the blood applied. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and you brought me from the darkness into glorious light. I was rich. Oh yes, I was a rich. I remember who I was. I was lost. I was blind. I was running out of time. Sin separated. The bridge was far too high. But from the far side of the castle, you help. [Music] You made a way across the great divine. You left behind him strong to build it here inside. There at the cross you paid the debt. I owe you broke my chain, freed my soul. For the first time I had Thank you Jesus for the blood of mine. Thank you Jesus and wash me. One thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and you brought me from the darkness into glorious light. And you took my place, laid inside my tomb of sin. You were buried for three days, but then you walk right out again. And now death has no sting or life has no end. For I have been transformed by the blood of the lamb. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Well, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and you brought me from the darkness into glorious. Well, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood of life. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh thank you Jesus. You have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into gloria. And there is nothing stronger. Oh, there is nothing stronger than the wonder working power of the blood. The blood that calls us sons and daughters. We are ransomed by our father through the blood. Walk through the blood along there is nothing stronger than the wonderworking power of the blood of the blood that calls the sons and daughters. We are answered by our father through the blood. Walk through the blood. Thank you Jesus for the blood. Apply. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Oh, thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and you brought me from the darkness into glorious earth. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood, the pine. Thank you Jesus have washed me white. Thank you Jesus you have saved my life. You brought me from the darkness into glorious. One more time. Thank you Jesus. Oh, I say thank you Jesus for the blood of [Music] life. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me white. Thank you Jesus have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious. Oh thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus for the blood the pine. Thank you Jesus. You have washed me wine. Thank you Jesus. You have saved my life and brought me from the darkness into glorious light. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] At last I They they find their way at the sound of your great name and all can find no shame at the sound of your great name. And every fear it has no [Music] place at the sound of your great name. the enemy. It has to leave at the sound of your great name Jesus. Worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Son of God and man, you are high and lifted up. So all the world will praise your great name. Your great name. Your great [Music] name. All the way. [Music] I sound of your great name. Receive praise and sound of your great name. [Music] the fatherless they find their rest. Oh, thank you Lord and sound of your great name. The S and the dead are [Music] [Applause] great. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] your great [Music] name. Amen. Worthy is the lamb that was slain for us. Hallelujah. Let's bow heads in a word of prayer. Amen. Hallelujah. What are you looking at this morning? I say, behold the man. Behold the man, Christ Jesus. Amen. Behold the stand and he is raised. Hallelujah. Gracious father, thank you, Lord. we could look to you. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, thank you for opening our eyes so we can see you in this day. Father, see the standard you have raised. As your word says, when the enemy comes in like a flood, I'll raise up a standard against him. Lord and truly, you've raised up a mighty standard that cannot be conquered, cannot be downed, Lord, which is your anointed word in our lives. So, Father, I ask that we would not look at the flood. Sure, it's here, but Lord, may we not look at that, my God, but may we look to you, Lord Jesus. And father, as Martin Luther said, when I look at myself, I cannot see how I cannot um I can't see how I can be saved, but when I look at Christ, I can't see how I can be lost, Lord. And may we just look to you, Father, because we know every need. I mean, Father, every answer to every need, Lord, you're the Lord, is in you, dear God. You're the answer to every situation, Lord Jesus. May we just look to you. And I want to pray for everyone here, Lord. Lord, if there's some here that like Gahazi, their eyes have have not come open to the supernatural realm, Lord. That you are with us. You're in us to the end of the world, Lord. They're still looking at carnal things only. Open their eyes, Lord. Open their eyes to the reality of your word, that you're mighty in battle. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. That you're faithful and true, Lord. Father, you will fulfill your word. Grant it, dear God. We love you, Lord. And we thank you for this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. Just a reminder, there's a youth service at at 2:00 this afternoon as well. Amen. God bless. I'll turn the service to you, bro, if you want to close or keep singing. Some people enjoys having the groins back open. Amen. Uh let's do um let's close with the song um The Blood That Jesus Shed for Me. [Music] for the blood that Jesus shed for [Music] me way back on Calary. The blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose. His power reaches for it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the [Applause] lowest valley. The blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will give us his [Music] power. For it s my doubts and it calms my fear. [Music] And it tries all my blood that gives me strength. Walk from day to day for me. [Music] How holo it was before it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the Lord. [Applause] The love that gives me strength. One from day to day. [Music] desord reaches to the highest mountain. Yes, it does. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Love that kiss from day to day. It will never lose his power. Oh, it will never it will never lose his power. Amen. Let's pray this morning. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that in every situation we can look to you, Lord. May we do that this week and apply that to our lives, Lord. Because we know that if we look to our situation, look to our circumstances, there's Lord, it struck me, Lord, to think there's no life in that, Lord. But you are where the life is. You are where the hope is. You are where the joy is. Lord, if we look to you, there's joy. There's hope. There's life. There's love. Lord, there's passion, there's zeal, there's excitement, Lord, there's faith, there's goodness, Lord, there's so many things that you have it all. When we look to you, we receive all of those things, Lord. So, Lord, may we look to you this week in every situation regardless of what we're going through, Lord, because you are the solution to every problem, Lord. If the whole world looked to you, there would be no problems in this world, Lord. So, we just want to commit this each one to your hands, Lord. And we want to we look to you now. We want to continue to look to you this week, Lord Jesus, and not look to anything else. So we just commit this each one to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. You're dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Burn away. Is it all too much to care? Let me tell you about my Do you feel that empty [Music] feel for some fear? Let me tell you about my Jesus. [Music] He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Wipe away the teas. Broken dreams are wasted years. Tell the past to disappear. Let me tell you about my all the wrong turns that you would not do if you could work it out for your Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way and he rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free and he could use it. I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who would take my cross to Calary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. and he rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is good. I know that he he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He makes a way. Well, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up prominent be great. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. The good news is I know that he he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelu. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen.
