################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 090625 - Compensating For Inner Problems part 2 - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-08
Title:   090625 - Compensating For Inner Problems part 2 - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RG02pV4l2-8
========================================

me. Draw from my well that never shall run dry. Fill my cup. Fill my cup. I lift it up. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, fill me till I [Music] wonder. Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me [Music] whole. There are millions in this world who are craving. The pleasures earthly things are [Music] for none can match this wondous treasure that I find in Jesus Christ my Lord. Fill my cup. Fill my cup. I lift it up. Come and gra this thirst in my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want. Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me home. So my brother, the things that this world gave or leave a hunger that just won't pass away. I bless the Lord. Come and sing to him and humbly praise till my cup. I lift it up. Come and wait this thing of my soul. [Music] Oh heaven, feed me till I want no more. Till my cup build up and Amen. Let's go to verse two again. Should we go to verse two? Oh, there are millions in this world who are craving the pleasures earthly things of but none can match the wondrous treasure. Oh yes, that I find in Jesus Christ my Lord. Fulfill my cup. I lift it up. Come and thirst on my soul. Bread of heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Amen. Hallelujah. Isn't that your heart's desire this morning? Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Thanks, brother Isaac. Appreciate it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Good to see sister be here. God bless you. Welcome. Amen. Great to have you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yeah. I asked the youth to sing that song again. I I just love that song. Amen. Come down to Living Waters. I thought they just tied in so nice with the Oliver special there. So good. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, we have um we have a uh exciting news. So, we've got brother John Andy's and brother Wayne Lawson as our camp speakers this year for our October camp. Amen. So, praise the Lord. They've confirmed they're coming. So, Amen. We're excited. I I'll send out the registration forms and all those things. And yeah, but praise the Lord. I believe we're going to have a very, very special camp this year. Amen. Let's turn to the scripture, shall we? this morning. We're going to go to Matthew 15 and verses just 1 to to three. Um, amen. Appreciate testimony, Sister Marian. That's wonderful. So excited you got your full license. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So, Matthew 15 and:es 1 to3 says here, Amen. I'm going to speak on a kind of a I just pray that I'm not misunderstood today. You may think, "What are you going to talk about?" Well, we'll see. But um then came to Jesus um scribes and Pharisees which were of Jerusalem, saying, "Why do thy disciples transgress the trai the tradition of the elders? For they wash not their hands when they eat bread?" But he answered and said unto them, Why do ye also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition? So I was just going to read those portions of script. Let's let's pray this morning, shall we? Amen. If you ever need, you just want to slip your hand, Lord. Fill my cup, touch my life, Lord. Fill me with your Holy Spirit, Lord. Do a work in my life, Lord. Gracious Father, as we bow our heads this morning, we're so thankful we can gather in this place, Lord, under your great presence. And we I ask, Father, may you anoint every life, Lord, today, dear God. May you take control of every spirit, Lord Jesus. May you come and meet our needs. Fill us with your Holy Ghost, Lord. Save the lost. Heal the sick. Father, open the eyes of the Lord, of the blind, Lord Jesus. have your way in our midst. And those who may be streaming, Lord, I don't know who they are exactly, but Father, be their abundant portion, too. Lord, we've read your word, but we as always need you, the author, the great one who pinned it down, Lord, through man. Lord, you'd come and speak it to our lives, Lord. Father, may you have preeminence, Lord. We just plead your blood over our lives today, Lord, over this congregation of people, Lord, that you'd come and be exalted among us, Lord. We love you, Lord. We thank you for this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. and you can have your seats this morning. So, I want to speak about uh compensating for inner problems. Now, this may be uh we're just going to go on a journey through the scripture. Okay? So, um when Jesus came the first time, the conditions of the church were the same conditions he would find in the end time. So, we can look into what the church was doing in his day. And I can say well from my uh how I feel about it is is is the is the Jewish world was in a ladyan condition back then when Jesus came the first time and the church world or the world is in a lady condition today when he comes back the second time. So if we look into the uh the conditions that the Jews were in uh in the in the time when he first came we can see that history repeats itself. Now I want to bring this in home. Okay, I'm not talking about denomination here. I'm not talking about those in the world. I'm talking about us because the really question that I've been I've been pondering about this very deeply is you know the reason I call it compensating for inner problems is people compensate because something within them is not right and they will do different things to compensate for that lack or that that thing that's missing and and because really God wants to deal with our hearts, right? He's not even really necessarily interested in the outside. The in outside will take care of itself when the inside is fine. Right? So, so he's interested in our hearts and really that's what he wants to speak to. That's what he wants to deal with. And you see, but the you know, if we look into we look into this scene here. I just want to I just want to read this quote here from the infallible proof of the resurrection. Um so this is the woman at the well saying, "Now we're taught to believe that when the Messiah cometh, he'll tell us these things. He'll tell us all these things when Messiah cometh. But by you telling me where my trouble was, you must be a prophet. But when Messiah cometh, he will tell us all things. Jesus said, "I'm he that speaks to you." That was Jesus yesterday. If he's the same, he's the same today. So she ran to the city and said, "Come see a man who told me the things that I ever did. Isn't this the very Messiah?" In other words, it was the sign of the Messiah. in their cold intellectual theologies they got away from the true teaching of the Bible to look for those things and history repeats itself and prophecy is usually compound meanings you know what I'm talking about that history and we know history repeats itself right we see that the conditions before World War II are the conditions today people are arming up and all these little conflicts going on around the world because the third world is coming we see history repeat and and the and the spiritual history repeats itself self. So if we look at the condition of the Jews, we'll see the condition of believers. Now I just want to say this. Now we're not called we are not ordained to compensate for lack, right? In our spiritual walk. We're called to deal with things, not just compensate because there's this thing in our lives and it just sits there and you know, no, we're called to conquer those things. We're called to deal with those things. We're overcomers today. Okay. So if we look at the, you know, the Jews, well, well, you know, the Leaders church age, it was lukewarm. And and you know, and Jesus said, because you are lukewarm, I'm going to spew you out of my mouth. Now, we've gone through that many uh, you know, before, but we know that that means as brother Ram teaches that that means that they no longer speak for God. So the voice of God is not in the church, right? And the voice of God was not in the scribes or the Pharisees or the Herodians or the Zeots or any of those people. the voice of God wasn't in them because they added tradition. They added additional things to compensate for the lack of God. They had to compensate. They the pillar of fire wasn't there anymore. Right? They had had 400 years of silence between Malachi and John. They had no God wasn't there. Now, that's an astounding thing. You know, you think that's a big statement, but it's true. There's no move of God. There was no spiritual revival. There's a political revival. you know, tried to, you know, they they they they they they had an independent nation for a while and the Romans came in and all these things, but the move of God wasn't there. And you say, "Well, that could never happen to us." You sure in our individual lives now. I want you to think about this deeply. I've been thinking about this all week, putting myself in this bracket because we can form a culture where God is not in it. Those spiritual, though quoting the prophet, quoting the Bible, coming to church, looking like believers, but God is not in it. We can form a culture where God is not there. And we got to be very careful with our because I think about our young people a lot where we we must give them the reality of the Holy Ghost. They must see God live. They must see that this revival. We talk about a bride's revival. It's a revival of the power of God. I mean, it's not just a a a nice doctrine or a new way of thinking. It's far more supreme than that. It's God living in his people like never before. that when you see what God did through the life of brother Bram, he does it through a multi-membered body that there's the reality of God. You know, uh, brother Bram would say that it would come down to a point where there's inspired ministry, but the people are not part of that same inspiration. They just try and grasp what the minister saying. We're not called to live like that. We're called to that. The ministers inspired, the people are inspired, right? It's not just anointed worship on the platform. It's anointed worship through the whole body. Amen. That's what we're what we're called to have. So, so the um spiritual state of Israel when Jesus came the first time is the same state as the world in his second coming. Now, they were in a Ladyosian age as I said that they spoke for themselves. They didn't speak for God anymore. And you know, even even the you know, so I'm just going to lump all the scribes, Pharisees, and Herodians all together in one lump. They had differences between themselves. They emphasized different things, but they were all compensating for God not being there. Okay? And then the sinners and publicans were part of that group, too. They just didn't care. They were just living life, right? So, you can take believers, they can be very strict adherence and do all these things. We'll break that down. Or they're just sinners and publicans. They come to church, they don't care really. Everyone's involved in this. Okay? You know, every every facet of of Jewish religious state isn't among believers. And I'm going to come to true believers, too. Okay? So, this is not all bad, right? But you see, this is so I want to break this all down. As I said that I'm just I just want to trying to stick to my notes here. You see they had they did not have a move of God for 400 years and they were very interested. What they became interested in was maintaining the status quo of their status within Israel. Even they said about Jesus they said if we let him thus alone all men will believe on him and the Romans shall come and take away both our place and our nation. So they said basically if we let this guy who's actually proven to be the Messiah come and take over then our enemy is going to come and destroy us. No, if you let Messiah come and take over your life, your enemy will be defeated. Right? But they are so afraid of all the Romans and you say, "Oh, the devil and the world and all these things. We just got to keep a status quo and we don't want to upset the apple cut." Friends, we want to set fire to the apple cut. We don't just want to we don't just want to upset the apple cut. We want to set fire to it because why? Greater is he that's in you than he that's in the world. Right? But if you want to keep a status quo, I'll say you will stay miserable. You'll stay unhappy in your Christian walk. And all you have is a memory of maybe a years ago of when God once did things. Oh, we're mature now. We've gone through that. Maturity is a greater shout and a greater victory. David danced before the ark. He didn't dance before them that I know of. And he was mature, adopted son of God as the king of Israel, dancing before the Lord. Hallelujah. You know, so we we we can't come see C. See, this is the problem. Religious spirits come in and try and put cement slab on the God's people. We ain't called to live under some slab of an oppression. We're free people today. Amen. But we need to, you know, many people will probably go into it if I if I have time or we'll pick up, you know, another time where many people say of a servant mentality, not a son mentality. We're to go from servants to sons, right? A son and a servant think differently. They act differently. Their attitude is different. We're not called to be servants. Like, sure, we serve one another, but we're not called to be servants. A servant just works for something. Compares with other servants. Fusses, that's trouble because they're looking at, well, I did this. I therefore I'm entitled to that. But a son is like, well, it's all mine. Thank you, Lord. I love you. I'm part of you. A servant's not part of the father. A son is. We'll come to that probably another another time. So you see they had this they had this 400 years God was not there. If I can I'm just trying to can I drive this thing now everything in life like they were compensating because their spiritual life was lacking. So they compensated with other things. So what happens is now brother Brown would speak speak about uh how we live in a three-bedroom house essentially. Sure. Uh some of our houses we may have two living rooms, more than one bedroom, but essentially you live in a three-bedroom house, right? So you live in So he says he says there's the now now God lived in them three rooms. You live in three rooms. You say, "Brother Bram, I've got 10 rooms in my house, but you're still only living in three." That's right. It's the kitchen, the dining room. I mean the kitchen, the the living room, and the bedroom. You may have three bedrooms. You may have a subkitchen called the dining room, but there still only three rooms in your house. You're living in a house. a soul, a body, and a spirit. Okay? That's the way God lives in Jesus Christ. Both body, soul, a soul, body, and spirit. Not me that doeth the works of the father that dwelleth in me. So now there's three rooms or three stages of a house. Now, everyone can come into the kitchen and then and then everyone can come to the living room, but it's your private life of your bedroom which really dictates that has the most influence. Your private life has the most influence over the rest of your life. living room, a kitchen. You say that's a very public life. That's your body and your spirit. You could say, right? It's very public. People can see it. But but we actually don't know the real us. We don't. We can come to church. We can put on a, you know, we can dress up, which is fine. We can praise the Lord, which is fine. We can say certain things, have phrasiology of a religion. But what about our soul? What about the real us when we're alone? Are we happy when we're alone? Are we content when we're alone? Are we are are we at peace? Because God lives on the inside of us and he's our all and all and everything's working together for my good. Amen. You know, you know, when we're really alone, are we are we happy or are we discontented? Are we upset? Are there something in our lives that really just just just just just grinds at us? That thing needs to get a get out. That thing needs to be taken care of, right? But you see, people will compensate for those things. Like the Jews, they compensated with the lack of the pillar of fire living in their lives, ruling their ruling their, you know, you know, their their lives. And you'll find individually people who have problems in their private life, the bedroom. It bothers people. In marriages, the biggest problems are bedroom problems. Those things need to be taken care of. You can't compensate for those things. There should be a loving relationship in the bedroom. That's how it should be. We're not Victorians here. There should be love, right? If there's not, it'll cause problems through your whole life. And it comes back to that. You got to be willing to surrender everything and let God have his way, right? So, so it's that it's that soul realm which is the issue because you got to think about it. Is not God more than able to overcome all things? Why do we have to live up with why do we have to live with problems in our spirit? Why do we have to say our complex is greater than our God? Our complexes aren't greater than nothing. So why do we have to live with Now we may get uncomfortable, but hey, we need to get to an uncomfortable places sometimes. I could preach the seven everythings and rainbows and triangles and pyramids and you know and we could all shout, but what about our private life? How does the message come into everyday life? How's it affecting? Because the problem is we've had generation, you know, at least one generation of discontent and unhappy people because the message hasn't come down into everyday life. Hasn't given us victory at home. And that's what we need. Right? That's that's what I need. That's what I'm interested in. And overcoming life is overcoming every day everyday situations. Right? So, you know, God wants our heart. He wants every chamber of it. Amen. He wants every part of our lives that he can live and live his word through every part of our life. There should not be one part of our life that is not according to the word. Amen. Right. So that whether it's our private life, our professional life at job or at school or whatever, every part of our life, brother talks about doors within a door. There's many chambers of the heart, but you got to let God, you got to open and God comes in and rearranges. Amen. Because you know even the Jews they they forgot the very purpose of temple worship. They forgot the very purpose of the Levites and the sacrifices. And God to me sums it up here. And let them make me a sanctuary that I may dwell among them. That's why they had it. That God would dwell among his people. That's all he was interested in. It was more than feast and keeping traditions all these things. See they compensated for the fact God wasn't dwelling among them anymore. Had God changed? No. The people are changed by adding traditions and culture to the word. And then even the message is really to me summed up in Colossians 1:27. To whom God will make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory. That's the message. That is the message. You say, "Oh, isn't it the seal?" No, it's all that the whole message encapsulated in that one verse. Christ in you, the hope of glory. Amen. That you'd know the riches of that. Amen. You're no longer a servant. You're a son. You're a redeemed child of God, made in his image. Amen. But it's Christ in you. The what? The hope, the expectation of glory. Amen. My soul is heaven bound. Praise the Lord. But you see now people lose sight of that. Why? Because instead of victory, they have to compensate for problems. Amen. Even even brother would say, you know, you because what happened to the Jews? It became a family tradition. Amen. the the the temple worship, even going to synagogue, it be just became a thing they did. It's got to be beyond a thing we just do. No, we no. Why do we come to church? That everyone's pillar of fire, liquor fire will come together. God will come down into his word. God will meet every need. Amen. God will speak the hearts. God will break complexes. God will set the captive free. Amen. God will refill us with the Holy Ghost. God will answer prayer. Amen. God will give us a stability. God will mature us. That's why we come to church, isn't it? Amen. that we would worship God in spirit and in truth. I mean, that's why the message came our way to restore a true spiritual relationship between God and man. And if it does anything short of that in your life, there's something wrong. Because that's why it came. That's why Jesus died. That a true spiritual relationship that you would know him. Amen. Not just know about him, know him. Amen. Say, "Do you know the Lord Jesus?" Oh yes. Oh yes, I do. He found me. Amen. He talks to me every day. I talk to He guides me. He comforts me. He shows me his word. Amen. It's not something I'm trying to work out. But he reveals himself. Amen. That was the whole purpose. That's the purpose of the message. Hallelujah. We cannot diminish at anything less than that. Amen. That man and God is reconciled. Hallelujah. Amen. But you see, it became a family tradition among the Jewish people. that even brother Bam says about the Pentecostal movement, it's become a family tradition. I say if we're not careful, this message will become a family tradition. It's not called to be a family tradition. Amen. No, but every generation must have its own revival. Amen. But you see, they they begin to compensate for a lack of God. And what happens is churches, they compensate, amen, for the pillar fire not moving among them anymore by programs, by by systematic theology and different things to get people trapped into a cell group or a life group or a youth group, whatever it more, and keep them in a system or or they or they put in entertainment and smoke screens and lights and all these things and fantastics and all these things to keep people gripped in. It becomes a tradition. Why? because they're compensating because the pillar of fire is not there. Amen. They have a very ritualistic form of worship. Like I, you know, I've said when I was in Chile with my brother-in-law Pedro and I was there with the Pentecostal churches, good people, sincere people, loving people, they look like believers, act like believers, but yet because they have not moved with the pillar of fire, there's something missing in the church. You feel it. It's like you're restricted. You're in a box. But when you go among the believers there, it's just liberty like you're at home here. Why? Because God is present. I wish you could experience it to know what I'm talking about. And maybe we'll all go to Chile, a Jimmy, we'll go on a field trip. Amen. But you see, but but you know there's Why? But they have to compensate by a systematic way of worship. We ain't called to be systematic here. Even church order, there's a purpose of it. What's the purpose? That God would come down and meet us. Amen. You got to see what is the thrust of having church the way the prophet set it up. That God would come down and meet us. That's the you if you're just looking at all the details, you're missing the picture. The picture is that God would come down and meet us. Why do we come half an hour earlier? Because so we get into a spiritual state that we're ready. Amen. You know, sure, you may not be able to make it. We'll drive to but you drive to church at least. Say, "Lord, I'm preparing. Lord, prepare my heart. Get me ready, Lord, for my visitation. I'm excited, Lord. I'm coming to your presence." Amen. But you see they they would they would do things to compensate. Now let's go through a few. Amen. Now here's one. When thou prayest, thou shalt not be like the hypocrites are for they love to st pray standing in the synagogues in the corners of the streets that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you that they have their reward. So here is someone trying to differentiate himself from the rest of the believers, trying to look better than everyone else. A public display. Look how more holier I am because of what I'm doing. You know, and and you see there, but he's compensating for something. God is not living. You say, well, of course that, you know, that's obvious here. Look, he's a Jew and God's moved on and you know, he's physically binding the word on his forehead and all, you know, his hands and all these things. And sincere, yes. Dedicated, yes. But he's compensating for a lack of victory. That's what the Jews did. They're compensating for a lack of victory. And we'll come to that soon. But you see what was he trying to do? He's seeking to look better than the rest of the believers. And you bring that into, you know, into into our modern day. Some parents put such pressure on their children to look good because they don't want to look bad themselves. Don't embarrass me today. Children, you're embarrassed. Many times we embarrass our kids. Prideful, arrogant attitudes is an embarrassment. You know, but you see, yeah, but people parents put such pressure on the outward appearance. You better shape up children because we're believers and this is what we should do. But it's out of a not wanting to look bad, wanting to look spiritual. What about the heart of your children? What about the heart of your spouse? Are you actually ministering to their heart where they feel safe, secure, loved, where they actually want what you have? Or do they see just a sergeant major, a drill sergeant? I don't want to be that. Oh, but you know, we're believers. We got we got a loan to I mean a line to you know, we got to match up to the word. Let God do it. Let God matches to the word. If it's just an outward conformity and there's nothing on the inside, why do you think many people leave? Because what's put in front of them cannot satisfy. Amen. See, it doesn't to to just look like a believer doesn't satisfy a hunger. But when you meet him, it's all done. You're satisfied. You're so happy. You have peace. You got joy. Amen. You have what God said you would receive. Amen. Sure there's a you know you know sure there's modesty and there's things to you know line up to. I'm not against those things. That's why I say I don't want to be misunderstood. But if you're but if you're just judging things by how the outward it's actually pride just manifesting. What about the heart of the individual? Do you care enough or do you just care about what you look like in the front side of other people? Or do you really care about your family? That's right. Amen. You know, we can have an attitude. I'm glad my family's not like that family. You're being like that guy. Oh, I'm glad my children aren't like or those people that the reason they're this is because of this. You're being like this guy. You're exalting yourself above the other believers. We should never be like that. Many people, you know, they put a pressure on their family because they want to prove a point to someone else. They're not worshiping God anymore. They're worshiping that person. They're trying to live up to that person's expectation. I'll show them. No, no, no. Lord, come and live. Come and have your way live, Lord Jesus. Amen. And then another thing people people will bury themselves in is scholarship. I'm not against studying the message. I'm not against studying the Bible. I'm not against listening. So, I need to put that qualifier in because some people take that and say, "Well, he says no, he doesn't believe in that." I do. But people bury themselves in looking for specialty doctrines and understandings to try and make themselves better than the rest. And what is it? They compensating for a lack of victory. This is what the Jews did. They scholarship in the Torah was seen as essential for understanding and adhering to Jewish law and tradition. What about the Lord writing his laws in their hearts? What about God shaping them and molding them to match his word? No, they intellectually they say if my mind knows enough of the word then therefore I will overcome. But it could never it was compensating for the fact they're lacking in their hearts. Education especially in the Torah was highly regarded and practiced through repetition and memorization. Oh my, he knows Genesis to Malachi forward and back. Man, he's deep. He must really know what he's talking about. No victory. Where was the God of Moses in his life? You know, many people, they'll come and talk to you about things and they'll say, "Well, how's it working out for you?" That's what I feel like saying, you know, "How's it working out for you? Where's your victory? Where's your testimony?" I've said to people who have left, people who still watch these things, I don't know why they do, looking for things to criticize. I say, "What's it doing in your life what you've got now?" Give me a testimony, please. If you got more of God, I want it. nothing. I feel sorry for them. I really do. But you see, we don't want to bury ourselves and, you know, people, you know, look into things like, "Did Adam have a belly button?" I'm just saying a ridiculous thing. And if you don't see that, brother, you're not deep enough. It's a who cares doctrine. Does it pertain to salvation? Does it give you any victory? Oh, but the original Hebrew blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Look into those things. It's fine. But does it really help you? It's compensating because of a lack of the pillar of fire. I'll put it I'll just say it just that. But a lack of victory. Compensating because there's an enemy in their life that needs to be eradicated. But instead of dealing with it, they what do they do? If you don't see it that way, brother, I don't care if he had two belly buttons or none. It means nothing to me. You say, you don't just don't care about details. No, I care about things that matter. Amen. I care about things that will help me as a person, as a parent, as a brother, as a pastor. I'm interested in those things. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. You see, it's like, you know, and and what does this produce? Because it actually cuts both ways about being buried in scholarship. He says, now he has cried out to this last age, you have the word, you have more Bibles than ever, but you're not doing anything about the word except dividing and hacking into pieces, taking what you want and leaving out what you don't want. You're not interested in living it but debating it. You see, we got to realize that as Jesus would say, for out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaketh. So people who are interested in debating, what do they do? They just their main focus is they just want to criticize other people, criticize what they teach, criticize what they do. They just have a debating spirit. They're not actually interested in living what, but they're compensating for a lack of victory. I trust we're all together here. You may think you're way out of left field. No, I feel this is true. People like everyone who points fingers like this. What about here? Cuz if there's victory in here, it'll flow out. Amen. There'll be a joy to be around that person. You'll feel refreshed being in their presence. You won't feel torn down and million questions in your mind and you know shaking sands and looking at people the wrong way. No, you will feel the the love of the Lord. You'll feel closer if there's victory in here in a person. If there's criticism and debate and all these things, then then it makes you look at people all the wrong way. So, they're interested in debating it instead of letting. But I'm interested in letting the word live. That's all I care about. Does it live? He said it would live. Does it live? Yes. Praise God. Let's keep pushing on. No. Well, let's deal with that thing because he wants to live. Amen. You say, "Well, I haven't cut the word to pieces. I haven't, you know, dissected and hacked it and taken bits I want and things I don't want. I'll tell you what, if you've got an unforgiving spirit, you've hacked the word to pieces. You've neglected the word that says you've got to forgive. Amen. If you're jealous, you have taken the word where it says do not be jealous and you've actually hacked that off and say, "I don't want that anymore." You have neglected that. He says, "But if you have a bitter envy and strife in your hearts, glory not and lie not against the truth. This wisdom ascendeth not from above, but is earthly, sensual, and devilish. For envying and strife is there's confusion and every works. And envying, or envy is jealousy, right? A sound heart is life of the flesh. But envy, the rottness of the bones. So there's jealousy in there. What was wrong with the scribes and Pharisees? They were jealous of Jesus. They were jealous of him because he could produce what he believed. People were jealous of brother Brandon because he produced what he believed. But it wasn't him producing it. It was the angel of the Lord through a divine commission that produced in him the word of God. But people were jealous. It didn't come through their group or their thought or their way. And they became they were jealous. And what did it do? It was rottness in their bones. So don't be jealous. You got to realize no that has no part in me. But I tell you, if you hold on to unforgiveness, resentment, jealousy, you have divided part of the word out. You say, "I don't want that." Cuz Jesus said, "When you pray, forgive." He says, "If you don't forgive, I won't forgive you. I want to be forgiven." Amen. I want total forgiveness. I don't want to be, you know, I don't want anything against me. I want nothing between my soul and my savior. So, I'm going to forgive. I'm going to take that part of the word. Amen. Amen. You know, but you see they were compensating because they all they knew was scholarship and tradition as opposed to him. Says in the mighty conqueror the Bible said they they were ignorant and unlearned men. His apostles was they might not have known much about botany. They might not have knowed much about mathematics or algebra or anything of that sort of our modern education. They might not have known much about that. But they know him and that's the main thing to know him as life. Remember uh that Christian friend and sinner friend to know Christ as life. Many people go and they learn a catechism they think it's life. Many people go and learn the Bible they think that's life. And many people know the doctrine of their church they think that's life. All those things are good. But to know him personally as you personal as your personal individual savior that is life. And that alone to know him it's good to know your catechism good to know your books. It's good to know your doctrine of your church, but all of that is the sideline. But to know him is to know life, and to have life is to know him. Amen. So, it's all good to know all, you know, quote everything from 47 to 65 in Genesis to Revelation, but you got to know him. That's why I say I don't throw away studying the message, studying the word. Do all it to your heart's content, but don't do it to compensate because of a lack of victory. Amen. do it with victory to be a far different study. You have a glorious jubilee time. Hallelujah. Amen. So, we need to know the doctrine. We need to know the word to study it. But that is just the sideline. You've got to know him. That's why I ask the question when you're by yourself in your heart of hearts. Are you happy? Are you content that you know him or do you just know about him? Right? We're not here to conform to a culture. The Jews had a culture of no victory, but they were the Jewish people, sons and daughters of Abraham. They could point back to their, you know, Moses, we had Moses disciples, and, you know, they could point to a a a correct foundation, but they had moved off it. We can do the same thing. You see, because any doctrine that is that is true has power with it. As Jesus would come down to Capernium, a city of Galilee, they and taught them on the Sabbath days. They were astonished at his doctrine for his word was with power. It wasn't just word only, but it was a demonstration of the Holy Ghost. It was God proving. And then what happened when you know brother, you know, when brother Ram was preaching what God came in with power to prove this is not his word. It is the Bible being taught correctly. Amen. And it should be the same thing with us. Any doctrine that comes out, it's got to have power associated with it. It can't just be an empty argument. Though it may be true, right? But it's got to have power. It's got to be an anointing that comes in and vindicates that to be the truth. Amen. Amen. That's why I'm very very interested uh in the dynamics of this revival and God pouring out his spirit more and more. Amen. God proving his word to be the truth. Amen. For him to be our satisfying portion. Amen. Now, another thing the Pharisees compensated with compensated with uh um for inner problems by adhering by because I'll just read this. The Pharisees expanded the law of Moses 613 commandments with numerous additional rules and regulations often described as a fence around the law. This oral tradition known as the oral Torah or Mishna aimed to clarify and safeguard the written law but resulted in a complex legalistic system. They were compensating. So some buried themselves in scholarship. Some buried themselves in in in in a strict adherence to the law. Well, they thought it was the law to try and compensate the fact God wasn't there. Same thing we find among believers that that you know they get to a strict adherence of the word but especially and they nitpick on things that don't really matter. Like some will criticize because sister's skirts aren't to the floor and their and their sleeves aren't to their wrists. What's that got to do with it? If your skirt is below your knee, your thighs not shown, then you're not naked. You're being modest, right? You got a sleeve, you got to sleeve. Brother Amos has even asked the question of length of sleeve. He's like, "What are you even asking?" But people will make that thing the main thing. Like the Pharisees criticizing the disciples. They don't wash hands and all these things. Does it really matter? Yeah. What is holiness? Is it more holy to have a skirt that drags the floor or a skirt that's below the knee? What's more holy? They're the same. You're not You're not holier because you got more clothing on that you don't need. Is this okay? You got to think about this. You know many people, oh that person's not deep in the m look how they dress. Are they modest? Then what's the problem? But you see people think if they're strictly adhere to beyond what the prophet what the word teaches they think, oh now I'm now I'm really it. It doesn't solve the problem inside. We don't want to be see we don't want to be caught up in things you know eagle belt buckles. You got to have the right kind of hat. You must hunt and fish. Well, I'm out. Sorry. It's been nice knowing you. I don't have the eagle bell buckle either. Hey, man. Pray for me. No. But you But some people hold those things so important. Oh, have you been to the tabernacle? No. Have you been to Sunset Mountain? No. Have you done this and that? No, I haven't done any of those things. Does it matter? To know him is life. To know the Lord is life. Not to be caught up in the messenger's personality and all these things. people are looking trying to compensate for the lack of victory. It's to me that's all it boils down to. You know, there's not it I find it so amazing when you know our Lord Jesus when he was here, he conquered everything that can be conquered. The things that would sit in their churches for years. There's a woman that was bound up by an infirmity. Couldn't stand up straight for um I think it was 15 odd years or something. I I can't remember it exactly right now, but she was bound up. came to church ye um Sabbath after Sabbath couldn't stand up straight just got worse and worse and worse and then when Jesus came to church touch her say daughter stand up and behold she stood up straight glorifying God were they happy about it they were upset oh he's breaking our church order this is wrong he shouldn't be doing these things and the very God of glory was standing in their midst and set someone free who had been that way for years and they weren't even happy about it and and I find it astounding even I just think they were insane that they did not say to him how do we get victory again we read about Moses we read about David we read about Gideon we read about you know Joshua and Isaiah and Hezekiah and all how God moved years ago in our forefathers how do we get back to that rabbi they never asked the question you know even why because their culture had had degraded to such a point where a move of the supernatural was completely out of the question. Oh, we're in the third pull now. We don't need miracles. That's the second pull. Everything the first and second come into the third in a greater measure. Amen. When brother Ram had the dream or the vision of the three, you know, you know, there's the small birds that came and then the bigger birds that came, then the third was angels to him, right? And so this is the time of the end of you know what is it? So it's three, it's it's it's three sets of creatures that all can fly, but they get more powerful. Amen. So what is it? When the word comes open, there's far more power released of the Holy Ghost into our lives than ever before. I believe that. Amen. I believe that that God wants to restore us back to the book of Acts where he lives in power, gives us an overcoming life. Amen. In every facet of our lives, we are overcoming. Amen. Where we identify our enemy and then that enemy automatically gets an expiry date on him because God is going to bring him down. I believe that. Amen. But you see their culture had degraded to such a point that any supernatural move was out of the question. Amen. Even Gideon, you know, Gideon was a scriptural man as as brother would say. And you know, Gideon asked the question, "If the Lord be with us, why has all this befallen us? And where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of? Where is this God that once lived?" They never asked Jesus that question. He was standing right in front of them. I don't want to make you uncomfortable by these things, you know, but you know, we need to think about these things deeply. Are we overcoming or is there something in our lives that we actually choose to let sit there? There's actually only one person who came to Jesus and he came by night because he wanted to know. Brother said, "Bro, at least he came. He wanted to know. Here's a ruler. Here's the up-ups. He sees behind closed doors with the other the high priest and all these ones and he sees there's something lacking. There's nothing wrong with the word. There's nothing wrong with the Lord, but there's something lacking in them. So, he comes to the very one who gave the word. And then Jesus says very simply, unless a man is born again, unless their heart is converted, unless they've been changed on the inside of the inside, that's the answer to every problem. Amen. It really is that simple. See, we're not called to live with problems. You say, "Well, the Lord's changed my life." Good, but now there should be victory coming out of that. Yeah, I had a real experience. That was God. But grow in that experience. Feed that experience. Don't just say it's a one time. See, when God does something, it's not an isolated thing. That's like this happened and now you No, he walks with you from that into your whole life. Amen. But there's parts of ourselves as we walk with God that we need a renewal. We need a another surrender. We need another repentance. We need another, you know, giving. Like the Lord Jesus, he came to Jordan to be baptized. Represents death to self. But what did he do before he went to Calvary? went to Gethsemane. Amen. Gave himself, died again, you could say. Gave his life, surrendered more cuz there was more for him to accomplish. Amen. Than than than the previous years of his life. I say, friends, there's more for us to accomplish. There's more that God wants to do in these last few, however long we're here until he takes us home. There's more to do. There's more of God to be manifested. There's more of his word to put on flesh. That's more than just talking about it. But it lives. I'm not saying you don't have an experience, but God wants to take us further. I mean, he doesn't want us to live in a stalemate where we're just constantly waring with ourselves or waring with a problem and it's just a back and forth and subduing something. We're not called to just subdue the enemy. We're called to annihilate him. Amen. Where it's not even a thought in our mind. It's not even a thing that enters and bothers us no more. But it's under our feet and it stays there. Amen. That's the That's the power of our God. Now, I'll say this before we go into this next part. There were some people who were looking for him that weren't bound down by tradition. I believe I'm looking at them here. Amen. But there was Simon and Anna in the temple. They weren't tradition didn't blind them. She was a blind prophetist, but she could see far more than those priests. Amen. when Mary and Joseph brought Jesus to the temple wrapped up in swaddling cloth, you know, he he had already been, you know, already had that name of an illegitimate child and they didn't want to stand by the Messiah. They were proud to be identified. They weren't ashamed to embrace him. Amen. Cuz the Holy Ghost told told Simon, "You will not see death until you see the Lord's Christ." God said, "You're going to see the word fulfilled in your day." Hallelujah. So, he was waiting for that consolation. Then finally, when he lifted up the Hallelujah, he says, "I can depart in peace now. The rest of my life, I'm living in peace. I'm not troubled no more cuz God has vindicated his word. The thing that I need, he's given me." Amen. Has he given you that? Has he given you the Holy Ghost? It's a gift. You don't have to earn it. You just got to accept it. You don't have to earn it and work it out. He's here to be received. Amen. So he said, "Lord, let thy servant depart in peace for mine eyes have seen thy salvation." And when the word becomes alive to you, when he changes your nature, he changes your life, you can say, "Lord, I can depart in peace now cuz it is well with my soul." Hallelujah. Amen. It was according it was the uh it was the inspiration of the Holy Ghost struck him and God fulfilled it. It was according to his word. I'm just going to I'm not going to be well I'll pick this up another time. But you know you say well I believe the word. I believe the whole word of God. Brother Ram says it's like that's good but you need a lighting of the candle. We must have victory. You say, "Well, I have the Holy Ghost." Through the book of Acts, the candle was reit. God poured out his spirit again. He didn't. So, sure, he sealed them into the kingdom on the day of Pentecost. But he refilled them. Trouble came in. What combed the trouble? God pouring his spirit out into the church again. Took that thing away. That that is the answer to every problem. Like brother Isaac was saying, we've come to the solution. He is the solution of every problem. They didn't have to have a meeting and you know because what they were threatened do not preach in his name anymore. This pressure came upon them you know the whole pressure of the Sanhedrin came upon them. The same ones that sentenced Jesus to die with the same ones saying you better stop preaching in his name. What did they do? Did they did they come and have a meeting and say now seven steps to overcoming pressure? How to be a Christian in you know in liberty again and just have a have a conference and talk about humanistically how they can overcome. No, they didn't compensate. They went to their source. They went to the answer and the answer refilled them with himself and they went out with boldness. I mean you got to realize problems in your life, problems from your past, God wants to deal with it. Amen. and he wants to refill you. He wants to drive that thing out that it's no longer a problem. See, God saves our souls, but it's our spirit realm that needs to be dealt with. There's strongholds and problems and things that God has put his finger on, but are we willing? Do we just compensate for them or do we let him level that place and build his kingdom there? And you say, "Well, I believe every speck of it." When the word is, you know, then the word is laying there, but it's just like waiting for the Holy Spirit to put it to work. It just takes a lighting of the candle. There's the candle with the wick in it with all the tallow and everything. It has to be that candle. But until the fire comes on it, it will not shine any light. No matter how perfect the candle is, how perfect it'll burn and everything, it's got to be liten. And when it burns and when you believe and is made up of the instructions of what the Holy Ghost is of love, joy, peace, longsuffering, goodness, the fruits that it bears out until the Holy Spirit with a fire experience comes down and lights that candle, then you haven't received the Holy Ghost. There's got to be an experience where God changes you. It's got to be a lighting of the candle. But do we compensate for a candle not lit? You know yourself. I'm not trying to put something on you like this. It's got to be this way. But you know where you are with the Lord. Right? So let's not let's not just sit back and compensate for something. No, we should have victory. We should have a and what I mean by victory is there should be such a peace in our souls that it is well. Amen. He says this here. Now I'm just going to close with these couple of thoughts here because our enemy that's in us will either he says this in once more. He says let me tell you something. You'd better destroy your enemy before your enemy destroys you. What was the Jews enemy was actually their own culture they formed burying themselves in the wrong things scholarship strict adherence to the law or they just publicans and sinners they just didn't care they lived any kind of life they wanted to they were compensating for a lack of the pillar of fire living in them in their midst right so you got to realize that your that there's things in our lives if we let it it will destroy us it will destroy our homes destroy our lives destroy marriages it will wreck everything so you've got to destroy that thing before it destroys you. You say, "I'm just doing just fine. I'm okay." That thing, do not live with it anymore. You are not called to live with problems, pain, hurt. There's nothing God can't fix. Amen. There's nothing God can't fix. I don't care how deep the wound is. You may be one big wound. God can fix you. Amen. God never gets to a point like people in the ICU or with the doctors where the doctors say, "Sorry, I can't help you anymore." God ain't that kind of physician. God is the great physician. He can fix anything. It doesn't matter how bad it may be, how impossible you may think it is. God is more than able to fix it. You say, "Well, this is just how I am." The Apostle Paul thought he was a certain way, but then God fixed him on the road to Damascus. He began to feed that experience in the word and realize who he was in God. The woman at the well would have thought, "Well, I've just got this man problem. I just can't. There's nothing that satisfies me. I'll find it one day." And probably someone else. She was looking for love in the wrong places but the but the solution came her way at the well and fixed her legion many others ourselves as well there was nothing that satis I'm sure we could all agree with that song there's nothing in this world that can satisfy or could satisfy but when I met him the great riches of treasure Jesus Christ my lord you say well how can I overcome see this is where you actually are involved if I can find this here because David David would say in the Psalms, he says, "Blessed be the Lord, my strength, which teacheth my hands to war and my fingers to fight. My goodness and my fortress, my high tower, my deliverer, my shield, and he in whom I trust, who subdueth my people under me." So, he's saying that he's saying the Lord teaches his hands to war and his fingers to fight. Now, with God, God doesn't just give you theory. It's all practical lessons, right? Our God is a practical God. It's not a lecture uh hall kind of god who just teaches you something that you can't apply, that's not relatable, that's not real. No, he teaches you in everyday life. So, what our prayer should be is, Lord, teach my hands to war. Show me how to overcome this thing. Show me how to do it, Lord. Lord, take See, this is what we got to do. We got to seek the Lord to how to overcome our enemy. It's one thing to sit there and say, "Lord, deliver me. Help me. Deliver me." That's good. But it should be, "Lord, use me to overcome this thing in my life. Show me how how I can overcome." Because we have been given a free moral agency, right? We've been given a choice. God wants to use you to overcome your enemy. Amen. We got to ask him how to win. And ask God how how to do it. He'll show you the things that we fight in our own personal lives. God will show you how to do it. I believe it myself. God will show you. Amen. See, we can't just sit there and say, "Deliver me, Lord, only." But we should ask the Lord specifically. Lord, show me how to do it. And Lord, use the faith in my life to overcome it. Name your enemy. Ask God how to defeat your enemy. That's how David would fight his battles. David would be in prayer before fighting the Philistines. He'd say, "Lord, show me how to fight this battle. Should I go up and take them?" He and God says, "Go up and take them." Comes to another battle. Lord, show me how to overcome this enemy. It's a it's a very similar looking enemy than before, but things are slightly different. The terrain's different, all these things. Show me how to overcome, Lord. And the Lord says, "Wait till you hear the sound of it going through the malberry trees and then rise up." Right? So, David always waited for God to give him instructions how to overcome. We must do the same. Amen. We must do the same. But you see, if we're, you know, if we're not looking for an answer, God can't give us the solution. You know many times I've you know even even the source initially might not even be the message or the Bible but I found when I've come across things that have helped me in my life I'll actually when I read it I'll something will come into my heart that's this scripture and this quote I see it in the word when I see it there but go looking for an answer Lord show me how to overcome it's in the word anyway but you got to be looking I mean but don't compensate for those things in your life know God teach my hands to war. Amen. Face the thing. You say, "It makes me feel uncomfortable." That's a good thing cuz it's the enemy feeling uncomfortable. It's the enemy making you worried and making you fear and all these things cuz he realizes when you really stand up as a son or daughter of God and take dominion over him, he must obey your voice. He must be gone in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. So, I'm just going to finish it there today. Let's have the musicians. I want to ask you that question. Are we compensating? Are we compensating for inner problems or are we actively seeking the Lord? Lord, give me victory over these things. How are you by yourself? Are you happy? Are you a happy Christian by yourself? Are you unhappy? We say, "Well, things can always be better." Sure. But are you in yourself happy? If you're not, say, "Lord, teach my hands to war. These things in my life, you say, "Well, it's been passed down in generations. There's got to be someone that deals with it. Why not be you? Oh, the trauma of my early childhood, the trauma of my teens, the trauma of this. There's someone who's actually going to take that trauma, crush it under their heel, and be victorious by the blood of Jesus Christ. How about you? How about us today? Amen. I just want to leave you with that question. Teach my hands to warlord. You're more than an overcomer. You're more than an overcomer. The Jews had Jesus with them. All they need to do is ask him, "Come take over, Lord. What about you and I? We have the Messiah in our midst. He's with us, even in us to the end of the world. So why not deal with your enemies as opposed to compensating for a lack?" Amen. Let's let's stand, shall we? This morning, I can't explain with Something groaning deep within. It must be God here in my soul. Cuz I feel the pull. I feel the pull. I hear the call and I know the spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to [Applause] me and I [Applause] agree. Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the [Music] home. Oh, I want to hear the word. And with each line and phrase, he is drawing me to give a higher praise. [Applause] There are deep fall to the deep like a great magnet pulling me. I know for sure that I'll reach the goal. Cuz I feel the I feel [Music] the I hear the call. And I know the spirit is moving me to give my [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] control. I feel the [Music] pool at night. I lay there and I begin to [Music] cry. Oh, and my mind just can't explode. exactly [Music] why I can't explain with tongue the spirit's growing deep within. Oh, it must be here in my soul. I feel love. I feel love. Oh, I hear [Music] the and I know the spirit is to me to give my heart. He speaks to me. He speaks to me. Oh, and I [Music] agree. Lord, please come and take control. Oh, I feel the P. I feel the P. I feel [Music] the Yes, I do. When I call and I know the [Music] spirit want to give my own [Applause] He speaks to me and [Music] I come and take control. I feel the Oh, I surrender and I surrender my own. I surrender my [Applause] all. I lay at your feet. I surrender everything for your worthy. You deserve all of the glory. There is no one else beside you, my king. I surrender my hands to you. It's sweet surrender. It's where I find your mercy and [Music] [Applause] grace. I close my eyes and feel your love and splender the comfort of your spirit embrace. Oh yes, Lord. Rain on me with your presence. Lord, you're all you're all I [Music] [Applause] need. Fill me up with your spirit, Lord. You're all you're all I need. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I surrender everything for your worth. You deserve all of the glory. There is no one else beside you. I hear Christ come before your throne of mercy. Help by the blood of the lamb. I answer to the holiest of holies. I just before you I [Applause] say rain on me with your presence. Lord, you're all you're all I need. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I surrender my I surrender my own. [Applause] I at your feet. I for your glory. There is no one else beside you my king. I surrender. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] I [Music] feel there is no one else beside you my king for you are worthy. You are you are [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] you are you Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Yeah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I [Applause] for [Applause] you. There is no else beside you. I surrender. I surrender. and my all. I surrender my [Music] all. I lay at your feet. I surrender everything for you're worthy. You deserve all of the glory. There is no one else beside you, my king. And I surrender. I surrender my all. I surrender my own. I lay it at your feet. I surrender everything for your worthy. You deserve all of the glory. There is no one else besides you, my king. I surrender. Hallelujah. Amen. You all join me in prayer. Bow our heads and Amen. Who wants a greater victory? Who doesn't want to compensate because of strongholds or troubles in our life? But who wants to say, "Lord, teach my hands to war. Lord, show me how to cast this thing out. Show me how to get victory, my God. Lord Jesus, I just want to lift everyone here into your presence, Father. We don't want to be, Lord, like the Jews when you came the first time, Lord, compensating because you weren't with them, Lord. compensating because of lack of victory, Lord. Father, we don't want to be like that. I don't want to be like that, my God. Father, I want to walk with you, Lord Jesus, spirit and in truth. Father, that you have come down among us and live in our lives like never before. Father, that problems of the past, complexes, hurts, and pains, they would not be a hindrance, but Father, they become a victory, become a trophy of your grace, dear God. Father, may you burn out all those problems in the name of Jesus Christ. Dear God, may we take every thought subject to your word, Lord Jesus. May we not just be reactive, but may we be proactive, Lord, walking with you, loving you, Lord, more than anything, Father. Oh God, I just want to commit our lives into your hands. May the power of your blood wash us all clean, dear God. Refill us with your Holy Ghost, dear God. Father, may there be no one here that's like the publican or sinner that's indifferent, Lord. But Father, may they give their lives unreservedly to you, dear God. May there be no one who buries themselves in in in in scholarship, Lord. just just looking into things that don't really matter, that don't give them overcoming power. And may there be no one here that's like a Pharisee that's added to the word and and and their level of spirituality is how well they keep it in their own human humanity. Lord, may all that be gone, Lord. And may we walk with you in spirit and in truth, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. As a house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, you're a defeated being. Take your hands off God's property. We rebuke you by the blood of Jesus Christ. set set the people of God free in the name of Jesus Christ. And dear God, we thank you. You've made us overcomers, Lord. Thank you, Lord. We can stand toe-to-toe with our enemy and we can conquer him because of your blood. You've made us victorious in every situation. So may we never shrink back when we see the enemy come in or bring up things from our past, but may we press the battle against them and overcome them by the word of the Lord. Granted, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, we thank you, dear God, that we can be like Simeon and Anna. Lord, you've inspired us, Lord, to see you in this day and we can lift you up and say, "Thank you, Lord." Now, we can depart in peace because our eyes have seen your salvation. Hallelujah, Lord God. We praise your holy name. I ask, Father, when we're by ourselves, may there be such a peace and contentment in our souls, dear God. Father, may you just rule out of that, Lord, into the rest of our lives for your glory. We thank you, Lord, for this morning. Pray you'd take these chopped up thoughts, Lord, and put them by your Holy Ghost how they should be, dear God. And may we just look Lord just go from glory to glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen to you both. Amen. Praise the Lord. We serve a victorious God this morning. Amen. [Music] And we have the authority to move forward in the name of the Lord. You know, regardless of how it might appear, what it might seem, we [Music] can, that's what we're called to do is to move forward and to keep claiming the promises of God. I'm just stalling. I don't know whether I'll share something or not. Brother Aman said I should Maybe I will just because I I want to um I want to maybe encourage you because you probably are no doubt you're pro you're probably battling with something. Anyone battling with anything at the moment. Some days you feel on the mountain. Some days you're like don't know if I can do this. But every day you can do it. Every day you wake up you can do it. You can move forward. You can fight. You can press on in the Lord every day. And if you weren't supposed to be, if you weren't going to overcome it, you wouldn't be in it. That situation was put there for you to overcome. And if you if the Lord didn't think you had the capacity to overcome it, it wouldn't be in front of you. Does that make sense? This this um maybe I will I probably shouldn't do this because I might it hasn't happened yet. I might get in trouble, but I I don't think I will. Okay, I'll do it. Um, I've been trying to make this film for about two or three years now and I've kind of got we got to the I got I got it almost all done and then it was like 80% of the way there. Then I just got an onslaught of just stuff and it just like closed this thing down. And I've been battling with this thing for like 2 years trying to even just get this thing finished and it's just been a battle every I just there's no way forward man and they're like and I needed to get this I kind of just got this sound stuff done on it and that even that's a battle and then we need this all this visual stuff done on it and every person we went to to go and get the stuff done was like $150,000 to do this work. I'm like I don't have $150,000 to do the work. you know, that's a lot of money. You know, it's a hard economy and all that. You know, like 10 grand, you could pull it together somewhere. You know, it's it's not it's doable. But when you get to that sort of money, you're like, this is you sort of get this you don't get despondent, but you think this is a big it's a big thing to overcome, you know, and I know this might seem like a natural thing, but it's just it's it's at some point along the line, I thought, I'm just going to press on. And the Lord said to do it, I'm just going to keep pressing on regardless of how it might appear. It's not going to happen. I don't care. I'm just going to press on. The Lord's going to make a way where there seems to be no way. That's what he's going to do, you know, and it seems to me like there's no way, but he's going to the Lord is going to make a way. And I and I I started just changing the way I thought, you know, to think in every situation the Lord can make a way. I woke up in the morning thinking the Lord can make a way. It's just the whole mindset is just changing. I'm thinking, Lord, you can make a way every single day. This is what the testimony is. It's not about what happened. It's about this mindset. It's about thinking, Lord, I'm going to put you first no matter what. You're going to be first. I'm looking to you and I'm not looking to my problems. I'm not looking to anything. You're going to make a way. I'm going to look to you. I don't care what it seems like. You know, and this is this applies to your situation to everything. We just look to the Lord. That's my advice is just Lord, I'm victorious. I'm a son of God. Whether I feel good, if I feel good, I'm a son of God or a daughter of God and I'm victorious. If I feel bad, I'm still a son of God. I'm still victorious. If I'm winning, I'm a son of God. I'm a victorious. If I'm losing, I'm a son of God. I'm victorious. That's that's that's how what my mentality is changing to be. Lord, in every situation, don't matter how I feel, I'm victorious. Lord, I'm a son of God. I'm victorious in you. So, we keep I keep trying to press on this thing, but there seems like no way open, no doors, no nothing. Everything we went to was just like, "Yeah, give us a call. 150 grand, we'll do it for you." It's like, "Ain't got to call 150 grand." you know, then we even did this fundraising campaign to try and get some money and and and people have done put stuff in. You know, it's been good. It's been it's been all right. But, um, then this guy dropped me and I did I posted something on the pizza factory Facebook page. I I'm doing this, by the way. And a couple of days later, I got a text from this guy on the page. He said, "Oh, I'm a VFX artist. If Sup," he called himself. He's like, "Oh, if you want some help, I can maybe let's catch up. I can maybe help you out with this thing that and I didn't take much of it. I thought I've I've had these guys ask me stuff before and I but I did reply back to this guy. No, yeah, we'll catch up. He said, I know. He said, I come into the pizza factory all the time and buy pizza. Didn't realize you made film. I'm a VFX guy. Can I can I come and see you and let's catch up and talk about it. I ended up meeting this guy uh yesterday actually and it's it turns out so this guy's a no no one knew this guy's an Academy Award-winning VFX artist like he's won you can see him on on YouTube with his Academy Award to win this win an award for VFX and he's and it must be the law cuz he said look I've got spare time during the week I sit around nothing to do and I get bored cuz he oversees about a thousand guys he's like I get bored um and I want some work to do and I'd like to just do a project for free. Can I just do it? He's got he works down a wetter and he's like, but but it just you couldn't plan it, you know, like you couldn't say, "Oh, I'll make that line up." And it's it's not the testimony, but it's the fact that, you know, even when there seems like there's no way, the Lord's making a way. I didn't know the guy was coming and eating pizza for months. He was coming eating pizza. He lives down the road from me. The Lord was making a way when it didn't, you couldn't see it. Just don't ever doubt. Don't ever be despondent. Just continue to trust in the Lord. Every situation he's working in your life. And if you didn't think you could go through it, he wouldn't put you through it. He's got confidence in you. He's got confidence in you. And he knows you. He knows what's inside you. Sometimes he just makes you fight a little harder, get a little stronger, but he's a good God. He's a good God. So, um, yeah. Yeah, let's just press the metal. Let's encourage one another. As brother Ben was saying to, let's not get critical of one another. Life's hard enough. There's enough critics out there. Let's encourage one another every day. Let's encourage and exhort and just build each other up and bless, you know? We don't need to tear each other down, man. There's plenty of people to tear us down. Let's build each other up and just be be so happy to see each other and just, you know, just we're in this together and we're going to be we're all going to we're all going to walk out of here together and we're going to walk out of here victorious cuz that's who we are. Amen. Let's just let's just pray this morning, Lord. Lord, we just thank you that Lord for your grace, Lord, sometimes we go through life and it seems like Lord that we don't understand understand your ways. sometimes, Lord. But we have a confidence that your ways are far above our ways, Lord. And that that we have a confidence that in every situation, Lord, you're you're still God in every situation that we're in, Lord. And we want this message to be real to us. We want to know you personally, Lord, and walk with you daily, Lord, and just be at rest. And and and Lord, be victorious in every situation. We don't just want a theory, but we want we want the reality of you in our life, Lord. And and may that be each one of our testimony that we know you and the power of your resurrection, Lord. And that our our children could see that too. Not just see a bunch of words, but to see a life lived, Lord, and a Lord, we're not always victorious, Lord, but we're we're not always up, but Lord, we can always trust in you and we can always walk forward in your name, Lord. So, we just thank you, Lord, for your goodness to us this morning. I pray a blessing upon each one. Give us strength, Lord, as we press the battle ahead. As we as we see the world shaking, Lord, we know that we we we're on a shore and a steadfast foundation which is your word and which is we're holding on to you, Lord. So, we just want to I just want to commit each one to your hands, Lord. May you just bless each one this morning. I pray in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You're dismissed in Jesus name this morning. Surrender everything for your worthy. You deserve all of your glory. There is no one else besides you, my king. I surrender my own. Oh yes, I surrender my [Music] all. I lay it at your feet. I surrender everything for you're worthy. You deserve all of the glory. There is no one else beside my king. I [Music] see. They say this mountain going to be moved. [Music] They say these chains will [Music] never, but they don't know you like me. There is power in your [Music] name. We've heard that there is no way through. [Music] We've heard the tide [Music] change. They haven't seen what you can do. Cuz there is power in your name. So much power in your name. Move the unmovable. Break the unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we [Music] believe from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for [Music] you. We know that hope is never [Music] lost. For there is still an empty grave. Lord, we believe no matter what, cuz there is power in your name. So much power. So much power in your name. [Music] will be unovable. Break the unbreakable. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for him from the impossible. We'll see a miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for you. Oh yes we do. You are the way. You are the way where there seems to be no [Music] way. We trust in you God. You have the final say. You are the way when there seems to be no way. We trust in you, God. You have the final say. Oh yes, you [Applause] do. Move the unmovable, break the unbreakable, Lord, we believe. But we believe from the impossible will see a miracle. Lord we will live. Lord we will live for it. [Music] You say, "I believe." You say, "It is done." You said I believe it. You said it is done. You said you said I believe it. You see it is done. [Music] [Applause] Move [Music] over [Applause] break from the impossible. will see a miracle. [Applause] He say [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] It is [Music] [Applause] done. Move the unmoveable. Break the unbreakable. Lord we believe. Lord we believe for it. from the impossible. We'll see a [Music] miracle. Lord, we believe. Lord, we believe for it.
