################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - 1604-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana - Mpho Nkoana.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-16
Title:    1604-25 - Wednesday Evening - Bro Mpho Nkoana
Speaker:  Mpho Nkoana
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUJBGUyc2GA
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Are you [Music] God bless you saints. Welcome to the house of the Lord. Let's just stand this evening and open in a word of [Music] prayer. Thank you, Lord, for this wonderful day you've given us, Lord. Lord, that you've been with us each step of the way, Lord Jesus, through this week, Lord. Lord, we're just so thankful, Lord, to know that you're with us wherever we go, Lord Jesus. Lord Jesus, I just want to pray that you be with us tonight, Lord Jesus. May your atmosphere feel welcome in this place, Lord. You said if two or three are gathered in your name, Lord Jesus, you'd be there in the midst. And Lord, there's more than just two or three, Lord. And we've come to see to hear from you tonight, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I pray you just speak to our hearts, Lord Jesus, with be with brother Mu as he brings the message this evening, Lord. just speak through him, Lord Jesus. May you use him, Lord Jesus, as a vessel. Just bless him, Lord, for putting his hand up to come, Lord Jesus, and speak, Lord Jesus, and be a a tool in your hands, Lord Jesus. And Lord, I just pray with this for the songs as well, Lord, that you would just be with us all as we sing, Lord Jesus. Lord, to to you, Lord Jesus. Just lifting up praise and worship to you, Lord. And Lord Jesus, I just pray you bless the evening, Lord Jesus. Be with those that couldn't make it, those that are traveling, Lord. Lord, I pray you just be their portion. Lord, I pray in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Oh Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Oh Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line now. Singing Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Jesus on the main line. Oh, tell them what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line. Now, if you want the Holy Ghost, so tell them what you want. Oh, if you want the Holy Ghost, tell them what you want. If you want the Holy Ghost, oh, tell them what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line now. And if you want your victory, tell them what you want. Oh, if you want your family saved, tell them what you want. And if you want your family saved, oh, tell them what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main line now. And if you want your victory, just tell them what you want. Oh, if you want your victory, tell them what you want. If you want your victory, oh, tell them what you want. Oh Jesus, on the main line now. And if you want your healing, hold them what you want. Oh, if you want your healing, tell them what you want. If you want your healing, oh, tell them what you want. Oh, Jesus on the main life now. And if you want your happiness, tell him what you want. Oh, if you want your happiness, tell them what you want. If you want your happiness, oh tell him what you want. Oh Jesus on the main line. If you want your victory. If you want your victory, tell them what you want. Oh, if you want your victory, tell them what you want. And if you want your victory, oh, tell them what you want. Oh Jesus on the may oh in the sweet in the sweet far and we shall meet on that beautiful soul in the sweet by far we shall meet on that beautiful [Music] There's a land that is fairer than day. And by faith we can see it afar for the father waits over the way to prepare us a dwelling place there. Oh, in the sweet in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore. And we shall sing on that beautiful show. The meloious songs of the bless. And our spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a s for the blessings of race. Oh, in the sweet by and by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore in the sweet by and [Music] by. We shall meet on that beautiful shore to our bountiful father of love. We will offer our tribute of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessings that our days. Oh, in the sweet in the sweet by and by we shall meet on that beautiful [Music] shore in the sweet by far. [Music] We shall meet on that beautiful shore. In the sweet, in the sweet by and by far we shall meet on that beautiful soul. In the sweet by and by we shall be on that beautiful soul. I lift my hands to you in sweet [Music] surrender. It's there I find your mercy and grace. I close my eyes and feel your love and splend the comfort of your spirit's embrace. [Music] Rain on me with your presence. Lord, for you're all you're all that I need. Fill me up with your spirit, Lord. You're all You're all that I need. And I surrender my own. And I surrender my [Music] own. I laid at your feet. I surrender everything for your worthy. You deserve all of the gloryy. There is no one else besides you, my king. And I surrender. I only come for your throne of blood. mercy. Holy by the blood of the lamb. I do the holiest of allies. Righteously before you I'll stand. Rain on me. [Music] Rain on me with your presence. You're all you're all that I [Applause] [Music] [Applause] need. Fill me up with your spirit, Lord. You're all of your all that I need. And I surrender my all. And I surrender my all. I at your feet. I surrender everything for your word. beauty of all of the glory. There is no one else beside you, my king. And I surrender. You are worthy. You are [Applause] worthy. You are holy. You are mighty. You are lovely. You're forgiving. You're amazing. You're [Applause] restoring. Oh, you are worthy. You are [Applause] worthy. You are holy. You are mighty. You are lonely. You're [Music] forgiving. You're amazing. You're restoring. Overwhelming. I surrender my all. And I surrender my all. Lord, I lit at your feet. I surrender everything for your worthy. beauties of all the glory. There is none beside you my king. And I [Music] surrender. This is my desire. to honor you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship [Music] you, Lord. I have within me. I'll give you praise to all that I adore. I adore. Is it in you? is in [Music] you, Lord. I give you my I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm [Music] away, Lord, have your way in me. [Music] This is my [Music] desire to honor [Applause] you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. I worship you and all I have within me. I give you give you praise. And all that I adore, I adore is in you. In you, Lord. I give you my I give my soul. I live for you. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, I give you my all. And Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my [Music] soul. I live for you. alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm [Music] away, you have your way in me. Lord, I give you all in my soul. I live for you, the Lord, Lord. I guess that I I take every moment of your way in me. Amen. Let's pray together. Our heavenly father, Lord, Father, these are very appropriate songs that we sing tonight. Lord, I pray that the spirit that is in these songs, oh God, and the words that have been said in these songs can be fulfilled and manifested in our lives. Heavenly Father, here we are tonight midweek service Lord for a prayer meeting. We thank you for bringing us here Lord and we appreciate it, Father. I pray that you bless your children, brothers and sisters of like precious faith that are here. Lord, may you bless those that are at home also and everyone else who is streaming with us tonight. May you bless them. Let this service be about you, Father. We pray that you just help us and undertake for us, Lord, according to your promises. For we ask these things, oh God, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I wish that I wish you could put those words again, sister of that song. Can Can you just see that chorus? It says, "Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone." Do you Do you hear that song? You hear that song, brothers and sisters? Every moment I am awake, every breath that I take. H those are deep words. Lord I have your way in me. In other words, Lord make me according to those words. If somewhere along the line I fail, let me live for you every breath that I take. Let's read our Bibles. Then I I don't tire you. Then we can sit down. We read in Revelation chapter one. Are you happy to be in the service musicians? Thank you so much, Josh and the team. That was very appropriate songs. And I I just felt I don't know about you, brother Kubin, but I felt that we can just continue in that line of worship, sing more songs and sing more songs until the spirit just come and pour in this place and then we go home. That's how I felt when I was sitting there when we were singing the songs. So, but uh we have to sing and then we have to read the word fortunately. Amen. But that was wonderful. Let's just read Revelation chapter one from verse 10 to 11. Chapter one. Yeah, I love my new Bible. I've got a new Bible. I love it very much. I don't know who how many of you loves your Bible, but this is my friend, my new one. I was in the spirit on the Lord's day. and heard behind me a great voice as of a trumpet. You know a trumpet talks about the message, right? Saying I am alpha and omega, the first and the last. and what thou seeest write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches, which are in Asia, unto Ephesus, and unto Smeirna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thotira, and unto Sadis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laia. I feel just to bless the word of God again. Lord Jesus, we can never pray enough. Lord we ask you to bless your word. This word Lord we can read and open the Bible but father actually you are the one who will pour the spirit and inspire it for us to actually get the true meaning and the revelation of what it means to us. That is why father we pray and ask you Lord to please come father and help us. Come and speak to our hearts Lord and come and and comfort us. Come and encourage us Lord. Come and motivate us, Lord. Come and reveal more of yourself to us in your word, Father. That when we live here, we can see more of you, Lord. We can realize how much of your children we are. I pray, Father, that you also forgive us our wrongs, Lord. Our mistakes, Father. We are we are only human, Lord. So much susceptible to errors. And that is why father we want to ask you to forgive us just like Lord we want to forgive anyone who has wronged us. We unconditionally forgive anyone who is indeped to us even according to the Lord's prayer. Father we pray that you help us as we are in your presence and bless your children. We ask these things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Please enjoy the comfort of your seats. And it was not supposed to be me tonight. It was supposed to be brother Jimmy and uh uh it was supposed to be brother Jimmy and then brother Jimmy it didn't make it so then it fell on me which was I don't know if it's unfortunate or forunate but uh I would like to speak to you tonight just for a few minutes I won't be it's just a few few few slides I promise you But I would like us to speak about God's rest. You know the rest of God. Because it is when we are in that rest that we are fully restored to our original form. You know before we were in this form there's a form that we were and that rest is the one that is restoring us to that one. Like brother Andy used to say in back to we are in anic condition. Remember him saying that you know those words I miss brother Andy's words. He'll say in an idianic condition. Just imagine how Noah when the animals came in the ark. Can you imagine all of a sudden the lion is very friendly to an impala and to a deer. Just imagine how what kind of atmosphere was there for the lion and the all the animals that are not friends. Now all of a sudden they walking together inside the ark. What kind of an environment was that one? It was that idenic condition and that's the one that we are not we are going to be we are right do you believe that? So we read about a man here. H the man who wrote this book was called John and I'm I'm going through the seven church ages. I've been chewing brother Ed you know like you like to say chewing on that fact. So I'm chewing on that seven church ages now for the last I don't know how long and I'm just taking it piece by piece by piece and just enjoying it. So I'm going to just talk to you from that from that message and just a portion about the patos vision you know but but but we want to speak about this rest now what inspired me the most is about this rest you know we are in this church is called what church is the seventh day Adventist or is this is the Sabbath is the the ones that observe Sabbath is the ones it's the ones so I must be careful But you see, you have been given the revelation of what the act Sabbath is. And that's what we are going to talk about tonight. Just to encourage you, brothers and sisters, particularly you young people. You see, okay, I I I'll talk to you now. Let me show you something. Let's read. Shall we read? Let's read Malachi. I want to take these three scriptures. the one that we read and the one that we are reading now and the one in Genesis just to try to tie them together to show you exactly what rest I'm talking about and what are you being restored to young people I want you to understand and to listen to me carefully parents also because you see parents it is our job it is our God-given responsibility to leave this message the message be in us so that we can be able to impart it to the young ones. It is our God-given duty for us not to just talk about it to leave it so that the children can be inspired. It can really even you know you can't give someone something you don't have. You can't you can't take $20 out of your pocket that you don't have and give me. You don't have it. So for me to give you $20 or share with you 10 from my 20 is because I have something that I'm sharing with you. So parents, it's our biggest responsibility not to I'm looking for a nice word not to play games with this message that that's I'm I'm hoping to be respect respectful but the seriousness of what I'm trying to say is that the young people have been given to us. This message has been given to us. Now we have to have the fruits of this message. So that the children can take those fruits those fruits inside they've got seeds when they plant them they bring more fruits that's the whole idea of what parents are supposed to but that's not what we are talking about here is the rest let's read Malachi am I yeah it says for chapter four you know the scripture it says for behold the day cometh that shall burn as an oven and all the proud. Yeah. And all and all that do wickedly shall be shall be stumbled. And sorry, I think my glass has failed me when I read on this thing. I I'll do this. And that they come and and and and that the day that cometh shall burn them up, say the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. Right. This is the day. Now, John speak about I was on the Lord's day. Did you hear him? He says he was on the Lord's day. He was in the spirit on the Lord's day. And then here again, we hearing here about h the day that is going to come. Now, let's go forward and hear about this day. Let's jump to oh well, let's just read verse 28. I didn't highlight it. But unto you, you that fear my name. You say, I unto I who fear the name of the Lord, the son of righteousness, the son of, you know, Abraham believed God and the Bible says it was imputed unto him as righteousness. So you are the son of righteousness. You who fear the name of the Lord, that son is going to shine unto you, right? A arise with healing. The son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and he shall go forth and grow up as calves of the storm. And he shall tread down the wicked, and they shall be ashes. That means this son of righteousness for the wicked there going to be ashes under your souls. The same son. I want to quickly jump to verse five. It says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great." You know when I say something great is good, right? It's awesome. It's big. before the great great to who? To you. Great and dreadful. You know what is dreadful? Dreadful. Horrible. Bad. Before the great and dreadful. So, it's going to be to do both things. Before the great and the dreadful day of the Lord. So, but Elijah has been sent, right? And he, this is what he's going to do. Elijah, he's going to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the hearts of the children to the fathers le I come and we know the whole verse. So in other words, it's going to restore us to our Pentecostal faith to our Pentecostal deeds to back the day in the day of Pentecost. That's where that's where this message is going to restore us back to. Why? Because God promised in the Bible, he said, "I will restore." And on the day, you know, I will he'll have a prophet like Moses. And that prophet came, which was referring to Jesus, he came after he he he left. Then the church started, the gentile church. And then God came by means of the Holy Spirit, and he anointed the children remember in the upper room. That's right. You remember now whatever they started there as the foundation of the church of the gentile because there God was opening for us was opening as the Gentiles closing the door for the Jews. Now we came in now along the way through the seven church ages we that that original was lost. Now we are going to be restored. But in the book of revelation, God says because that's the final final book and is going as according to 10 revelation 10:7 he says that that that great angel that is going to be that that was sent remember that angel when John was about to write and then he said no don't don't write just keep them and seal them remember so that now in the days of the voice of the seventh angel today they can be revealed Now what what it means is that who who to who are those things going to be revealed to us to you? So we are very very very very very important people to be alive here in this age today because God said he's going to send Malachi to restore and and to restore the heart of the children back to the father us to the back to our Pentecostal fathers to restore us. So now now here in revelation 10:7 we see that angel coming revealing all those mysteries and everything is known we in other words we are we are we know more and we know and we have received more than any other age so what we I I want you to understand the young people is that I'll tell you now let's quickly read Genesis and on the seventh day verse two chapter 2 verse2 and on the seventh day, God ended his work on the seventh. Are you with me? Yes, sir. On the seventh day, you know, back in Africa, when I preach or someone preach, if I hear that there's a there's a low volume of amens, I say, give me an amen there, brother. Can can somebody say amen? So, I don't want to do that. I But you see, on the seventh day, seventh day, is that the day of the Lord? On the seventh day, God rested. He ended up his work and then he rested on the seventh day. But now tell me can can how can God rest? Can God can God get tired? God can get tired. But the Bible says on the seventh day he rested. You'll you'll see. You'll see me now. Okay. You'll see me. Let's go back now. Now you see this man, he was there. That's just a picture that AI I think made it. But it's a beautiful I I like that draw. And then he says write write these things. write them because in the days of the voice of the seven angel when Shantel when Priscilla when Hana when Na when will be there these ministries are going to be revealed to them in that day you don't write them now just write those as symbols seal them you know John he was a precursor he was a sort of sort of you know when you say You know, they sent h they sent the two the 12 the 12 witnesses. They send them to the promised land for them to go and check the land and then they come back. Some came with the truth. Some came with not the truth. Some came with the evidence. I see the evidence. They came with the evidence. Hh. And then two only two of them when they came they had the evidence of that place. So John was on that day on the Lord's day he was taken he was in the spirit and he was taken on the Lord's day and then he was shown things that have passed things that are there and things that are to come right he was shown yesterday today and forever. He was shown there and John was like the bride you know everything that John because he was on the lost day there's no telephone or 5 foot and in fact the lost day the lost day me and you are supposed to be on the in the Lord's day on a daily basis resting there right resting we we we a talk when the ministers teach teaches us and they say oh no peace in the middle of the storm you know they say in that middle of the storm where there's where where calmness is in the middle of the what John when he wrote that book brothers and sisters there was a big storm do you know that meant they boiled him in oil they boiled him in oil and he didn't die it was during the great time of persecutions of Christians during that time but the Bible says he was he was on the last He was in the spirit. They took him to an island called Patmos which was good for nothing. Snakes, rats, scorpions, everything because he couldn't die. They were frustrated. The enemy did not know what to do. So they took him there. But you see, can I tell you something? Everything that happens in your life is for the good. The Bible says, "All things work together for good for them that loves the Lord." So I I want to finish my sermon but I want you to understand that this rest that I'm talking about is not you don't have a choice. You have to be in the rest of the Lord and receive his rest. Let me show the young people. You see young people, those churches that the the the Lord was talking to John about and then he said to the church of Ephesus, to the church of Philadelphia, to those seven churches, right? As brother Brennham wrote these candlesticks and to show us now those churches, it was just like John was a symbol, an example for for the bride today. Those churches also in Asia, they were there. Those places are still there, some of them today. Ephesis is there. They're still there. But it was a an example that God was showing us. All the characteristics of those churches or those places was a reflection of each and every age from that time until today. Laudishia is today. Laudishia. But there was a city called Laudishia which had a personality or a characteristic of showing today. Just like John was an example of the bride and he had a preview that was also a preview. Those those literal church ages or places you can go today and go to a place called h there Philadelphia. They are there. Ephesus is there in Greece. Am I right? Is it in Greece? They are there because literally they were there. Some of those places have vanished now. But it their personality. Let's talk about the Ludicia. the Laia one of the it was a great city of civilized people of great medicine and everything but then it had it was too proud it was too much you know it thought they thought they were rich it was like today so that's why when I was young I never understood it was always confused me that how can you say we we are in Asia and I was asking and I never had the revelation I never understood so I want you young people to understand that is why I'm saying the parents we must encourage the young people to read the message to listen to the message to understand the fundamentals of the message not to be legalistic but to have the knowledge of the message to understand how can they believe if they don't read it but how can they read it if we don't read it you see so so that's my encouragement to say to you let's look at that last one the one can you see that dark area there and that light area why Why is it like that? I wish my girls were here, but it's only the boys today. So, why is it why why why do we have that part dark and just a little bit of of a light there? Why? Who can tell me? I wish my boys could tell me, but can help them? It is the darkest. You know, brother Brandham says h in one of the messages that actually when God showed him, it was actually almost dark. He just put a little light there because you are there. But it was actually completely a complete darkness. But you are there. You You are there. You are that light there. That's us there. That little light there. The rest of it, the world is right now, Brother Arman, the world is worse than when me and you were 157. is worse worse because he's getting to the end of the end now John Mo John he wrote that about us to know and then they were sealed in the book of revelation now they were revealed by Elijah whom we read now in the book of Malachi right who came in the body of William Brenham in the spirit of Elijah and then he revealed that's why he wrote the book of the seven seals that's why he thought the food, the message to to reveal the ministry, the the secrets of the Bible, God revealed them to you and to me. Are you Are we together, young people? And now, let's get to the rest. Let's get to the rest because I'm going everywhere. Let's get to the rest. God rested on the seventh day and we said, "God cannot get tired." So, what did God exactly do? I believe God was at a perfect fellowship with his creation. I believe it was the time when God was at a per because he did everything and then and then he formed and then he created the earth and everything everything was there. Then when you go to chapter three, if I'm not mistaken, he was he formed man. Man in the image now of not man the spirit, man the flesh. He formed him. But actually everything was already done. And then on the seventh day he rested. He was in his perfect fellowship with his creation. And he said, "Let us make man." Who? Who was talking to you? Now h I said here when you are in the rest of the Lord things starts to happen you know remember Abraham Abraham had some challenges he obeyed God he left but along the way he he he was looking for a city and then he left after leaving and then he at some point Abraham God said he's going to have but no Abraham no the child the child ah no no let me just let's take ha can you see that Abraham he believed God, but he had challenges. But when he believed God and God gave him the promise, even after the baby was born, Abraham was still prepared to take that child to go and crucify him because Abraham was now resting. Amen. He was resting. He was no more. He knew that the God who gave him the son, he can even bring him back instantly. That is why he was not hesitant. So as I said here, Abraham entered the rest of the Lord by believing fully in the word and it was imputed unto him righteousness. Let's quickly jump to here. What I I I hope I don't jump anything here, but I wanted you young people just to understand the story of this man called John because it talks about you and me and the revelation, the book of Revelation as it is, it is now as it was revealed and the prophet spoke so many messages talking about what was hidden up in there even the seven seals, the seven church ages. Go and read that book if you've got someone that you love. ah give it to him to read it. It's a powerful book. You can listen to the one that is written and you can even listen to the seven the actual preaching of the seven church ages. It's so enriching because it talks about where we come from and where we are going and afterwards you're going to find that ah you are different because you know more than what you knew than what you thought you knew and then you start to believe God differently. you start to act to leave those songs that we were singing to really surrender all your heart because now you see excuse me this is where I'm coming from excuse me brother the brother preached here and said the days of men are over the days of focusing on brother Paul and and and and sister so and so no those days are over the days of men of me thinking I'm one are over. There's no more days for men. These are the days for you and the Lord together to get to get to go in that little tent and go inside in that secret place with him individually. It's not a it's not a family matter. Okay? It's a family matter. What I mean is we don't go in groups in there. God is not going to say Joshua. All right, let me ask you again brother that why why didn't Joshua this this this. No, God is not going to do that. That is why I want you guys to take it for yourselves and appreciate for yourselves and know that you know that you know not think that you know not think that you believe not think that is revealed. Not think that you have him. to know that you have it. That is why he said man cannot live by bread alone. What he means that is that you can you you you live by the word of God. Your spiritual body grow by eating the word of God. That's what I'm trying to say. Young people, I really really have got a passion for the young people to understand this because I I never got it when I was young. I thought I had it. But you've got a chance, an opportunity to get it right. You started right and you can the devil along the way will not like you. He will not like you getting it right and he will fight that. You need to know that. Even you adults, middle-aged people, young people, young parents, young couple. He brings challenges for every. He brings challenges for the married, the unmarried, the newly married. But maybe during honeymoon stage is still still beautiful, you know. No, James, he's still the battles there ah they're good. They're bearable because it's still wonderful. But along the way he comes. So I'm warning you and telling you that he got a dashboard of everyone and he bring those things and he must find you being in the rest. Let's hear that rest. what what what what what the man of God says. Let's see what the Bible teaches us about the Sabbath rest because we saw him resting God and then we hear that there's a day of the Lord that is coming that is going to burn and then we also hear at the end that no um sorry in Malachi that the day is coming and we read in Genesis and we also read in the book of revelation when John was on the day. So let's hear that day. How is it applicable? How is it today? And how do I get into that rest? Let's see what the Bible teaches us about shalom rest. For he that is entered into his rest. This entering in is not only entering in by remaining but remaining in there the in the rest. It is an eternal rest of which the seventh day is but by the time. Can you see? So many many people including our lovely dear friends might be believing that the seventh day literal day. God told the children of Israel to observe the seventh day which was a Saturday if I'm not mistaken. Right? But that was only a shadow. It was only a negative. H it was only to show us the today we can't be observing the real Sabbath. is here. That's the real one that we observe to be in the Sabbath. The the rest of the Sabbath rest. We can't say Saturday. No. No. And then others are arguing. No, no, it's a Sunday. No. That was a shadow. It was for the children of Israel observing it. It was God. God. He He rested on the seventh day. So I I don't want to venture in that area yet because I don't want to say God to me it came about like you know the literal day and then also spiritually God rested when he finished but maybe that's a topic for some other time because with God even if you should say a day what is a day you know in God's books what is a day you read the Bible says no just to make it simple for you the Bible is Peter will say no because the day in the eyes of the Lord is like a thousand years. But you see, God is not time bound. Time is just but the tiny little thing and it shall be no more. So when you look at the day of the Lord, the seventh day, we're not looking at the literal 24 hours or a thousand years. God is not limited time bound by time and things like that. The real Sabbath rest is what we are going to read about here. Seven is completion. 8 is the first day again eternity. We're entering into eternity now. That is why Jesus Christ was raised. I mean that is why Jesus Christ here it says now oh what on the seventh on the seventh day the eighth day he was out. There was a reason why Jesus Christ rose on the day that he rose. Let's hear what brother Brennham says again. I'm only reading from this sermon. Jesus resurrection was in the first day of the week. You see after the seventh day because now that is eternity. Now it shows that he's no we are no more dying now. He's awake. He's eternally alive. Right? That's what it demonstrates there. That's we see why God could not give us any other certain day of the week as a Sabbath rest. we have entered into and do remain in our rest which Israel could not do. You see having only a shadow like I told you they only had a shadow. It was just a shadow reflecting your true Sabbath today. And then uh the third quotation I have for you. This will be the second last quotation if I'm not mistaken. Then we go home. I just wanted to emphasize about this today so that my students let you say brother Arman students he's a superintendent I'm just I'm just a teacher so that the students all Sunday school students including all adults if we could sit and have a lesson just to to unpack these things to take one one page at a time and do it and just understand with the knowledge of the Lord not our own understanding He says here, brother Brennham, and it came to pass about 700 years later at Pentecost when they were filled with their Holy Spirit. Remember in the book of Joel, he said, "I will pour all all all my spirit upon all flesh." Young men will dream dreams. Remember that that chap Joel chapter 23, he said that. He was talking about the days the days of Pentecost when the spirit fell on the day of Pentecost until a songwriter made a song and says the wind is moving again just like the day of Pentecost the wind is moving again. You know the song I'll teach it one day to you. So we want to go back to the heart to the heart of our fathers back to Pentecost. But the Pentecost, that Pentecost you're talking about is going to be inside here. When we enter into the rest, nothing bothers you no more. You have arrived. Don't you want all these boys to arrive, all the girls, our girls to arrive and we arrive together with them. Have you ever sat down and imagine how millennium is going to be? Someone spoke about it and said Marion is going to hunt every day. or who was talking to me? Someone said, "Oh, but oh Mr. You said you said to me, she said, I think brother Brenam won't spend time at home. He'll just be up and about." Brothers and sisters, it's not a joke. It's not a recruitment. It's not something to bring you, to entice you. It's going to be a reality. It's going to be something you don't want to miss. And you want your children, your every even your enemy, you want them in. is so powerful because the history of the world as you know it it will be no more there shall be whatever you think you like and everything here sorry even the islands won't be there I don't know about New Zealand be no more islands be home you will imagine you having your own country you can create a country like Africa and this is yours say no no no this is this is the plot the plot for the islands. This one Africa imagine the whole of Africa and they say no no let's let's go let's go to our to our yard and then tomorrow brother today let's go maybe the whole of Europe I'm not I'm not trying to to make you otherwise this is the reality where we are going and we cannot afford our boys our girls our mothers fathers to miss Let me rather suffer for them to miss it. And I can only see it if I have the revelation and the rest we are talking about. I revealed that this message that John saw and he wrote revealing everything that from Genesis until today. That's what the message came to do. And we are so privileged in the language of the world. They say we are so lucky that this message came across us. We don't want to denominationalize the message. And brother Armand was warning us. No, let's not make it a creep. Let's not make it a denomination. Let's make it a life. Let's be proud and passionate about it without denominationalizing it. It doesn't become a life. Let it be a rest. Right. Let me read for you and then we go because we are going to pray now. Oops. Yeah. 700 years later, Pentecost happened. They were filled with the Holy Ghost exactly as it was said they would be. This is the true Sabbath that was promised. The There is your rest. They entered into the rest. There is your rest. That is your Sabbath. It is not a day, not a year, but the eternity of being filled and blessed in the Holy Spirit. Did you hear that? Can I read it again? It is H. Where was I? This is your rest. That is your Sabbath. It is not a day, not a year, but the eternity of being filled and blessed in this Holy Spirit. It is your ceasing. Seeing means to cease, to stop. It is your stop. You, me, we stop. It is our stopping. You do nothing. God doing. It is God in you willing and doing of his good pleasure because you are his queen. You know you are his queen. You know the way sorry James I always speak. You know the way James love Tiana is is is his queen. So in other words heaven and earth shall pass. No but not tal. You see that's how the Lord talks about us. I'm trying to demonstrate a point my my son. story but I'm trying to show you the love that I love my wife my queen when I think of sep everything stop huh everything until even a king in the old testament said Esther my queen even half of my kingdom now how much about god I'm trying to give you the physical example for you to think that God love you very much. That's why he did what he did. That's why everything that happens is for your good. Everything. Let's finish off this one. I'm going to show you something. I was here. Jesus will give you rest. I I just wish I could just share this slide on the brothers and sisters because tonight I really wanted to finish at half past 8 and it is half past 8 now. But uh you see me as a human being I can't tell you better. I can't explain to you better. His spirit can I wish and I pray that his spirit can just you know just overemphasize this in your lives for you to know that you have entered in his rest. If you have not that you want to enter in that rest and go and pray a fervent prayer availth much. The Bible says a fervent prayer availth much. You see the reason we don't receive is because we don't ask. Maybe when we ask we ask a miss. We must ask to say Lord your will be done in my life. Because brothers and sisters make no mistake mama mas mothers you want wonderful things to happen to your children don't you want good things to happen to your loved ones. All of us parents we do because our parents when me when I left and I came to New Zealand my dad encouraged us something contrary to what many people believe because he wanted the best for us. Amen. That man suffered for me 100 rand every month giving me waking up 4:00 every day and I hear the dog bang boom winter and summer in to get a bus to go 72 kilometers from home to work to work for who because he wanted the best for me. So you want the best for your children don't you? You want your children, you know, you know, to to to to to graduate, to achieve, to accomplish. You want them to be successful, to be able to be better than you, don't you? You You want, you know, you want Halia to be to decorate better than you, sister President? Isn't it? I'm sorry. I like giving examples. Forgive me. you you want them to achieve you know and they say this is corporal Joshua not you know with that mental you know it's not it's not a joke it is highly respected you want them to achieve a sense of achievement a sense of saying you know when the days our kids are adopted when you sit down brother Ed and they explain to you he said yeah even you in your heart you hear he said this boy now he's got wisdom. He has arrived. He has arrived. And then you see his children. You see they serve the Lord. His wife loves him, respects him. They serve the Lord. They have entered into the rest. That's what you want for your children. Am I right or wrong? Should I say, am I right or am I right? That's what you want. But to be honest with you, brothers and sisters, yes, it's true. We want those things. But to be honest, we actually want them to arrive into the rest of fellowship with Christ of brothers and sisters to be in the spirit all the time. Yes, all those things are important. I'm not disputing that. Yes, graduation, worldly achievements, money, everything. Nice husband, nice wives, those things are important. But to be honest, we actually want them to arrive in the rest of the Lord, to have a baptism of the Holy Spirit, to arrive in the Lord. Are they not lovely? And those those guys, aren't they lovely? You you want the harmony. The Bible says in the book of Psalms, behold, how wonderful and beautiful it is when brothers get together. The fellowship is like when oil is poured on the beards of aron melting down to the you know that's how fellowship is. Imagine the fellowship with the Lord. This is just the beginning of the real fellowship. Just look at those guys. You can even put them on your status. Can the musicians please come? I I I probably did not say everything that I wanted to say, but it's about the rest. Resting in him, because God rested and had perfect fellowship. It's about us resting in him. That eternal rest is what me and you should enter in. You want me to teach you that song? Maybe some other time. Do you think I can teach them, Joy? I can teach you guys. All right, let's let's let's let's clap hands for Jesus because we love him and we appreciate him. And sometimes I feel unworthy. Sometimes I feel unqualified. But he has made you and us and me qualified. Not in our merit, in his merit. The Bible says all things will be over soon. And we can see they're getting there. So this is just the last last last minutes. The last few minutes we want to make it. Don't let anything disturb you young people. Um we'll sing I can I can what is the word do? I can wake it to wake it the song without without and teach it to you. Then what what was the song again? Just like the day of the Pentecost, the wind is blow. Let's stand on our feet. I'll teach it to you because just for two minutes, then then we can go home early. It says the wind is blowing today. Oh, the wind is blowing today. Oh, just like the day of the Pentacles. The wind is blowing again. I forgot. Oh, the wind is blowing again. Oh, the wind is blowing again. Just like the day of the pent. The wind is blow. The wind is blowing. The wind is blowing again. Oh, the wind is blowing again. [Music] as like the day of the pentacles. The wind is blow. Oh, the wind is blowing. The wind is blowing again. The wind is blowing again. Oh, just like the day of the wind is blowing again. We give this one to brother Isaac. He will spice it up for us and he will add more ways. We we we are blessed. He we've got gifts that we must just open the drawer and use. We've got those kind of gifts. So he will give it to him and I can hear the band got the the beat for it already. Then we'll give it to Isaac and then he can spice it better and bring it to the right king. We've got prayer requests and then we are going to pray and then we can go in peace to go and be in the [Music] rest. No matter what I say, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe. No matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it cost, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelu on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I [Music] hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it [Music] costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. [Music]
