################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - 140925 - We Have Already Met  - Bro Ben Gloyne - We Have Already Met - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   140925 - We Have Already Met  - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: We Have Already Met
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YS98dcw7rtc
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Good morning. How are you this morning? You good? happy. I'll tell you a little story. Want to hear a little story? &gt;&gt; I got dragged along to an All Blacks game last night. &gt;&gt; Like I I couldn't Okay, I couldn't really care less about rugby. I'm a little bit too wise to see your value in see the point in sport, right? apart from you get fit. It it it's a but young fellas quite enjoy, you know, stuff like that. So, I thought I'll just I'll have a little bit of fun. So, I um got a South African jersey off um brother Ed and I thought I'll go as a South African supporter, you know, just because why not? Let's have some fun, make it half enjoyable for me. And I but you know I was I went there in that and and as I was walking in I thought this is kind of strange because I'm I'm I've got this jersey on and I'm going to walk in as something that's not really in my heart you know and so when the South Africans score a try I'm going to stand up and go yeah and and if the All Blacks get a try I'm going to say oh boo and I I'll play the part I'll have the jersey I'll pretend I'm that but in my heart I I will know that's not actually me. like in my heart I'm from this place and and those other people on the other team are actually my people then you could say they're sort of like my family you know that that's that's who I know and you know I thought it it struck me I thought you know isn't it the same with a someone that's a son or a daughter of God you might go out in the world and might do things and put on a different look and look look a bit different and try and pretend you're into this thing but really in your heart you belong to the Lord and you you might cheer for that team and all that stuff but you you're never really into do it in your heart. You know, you know what? I actually don't belong on this side. I belong on the other side. I belong with the Lord. That's actually my team. No matter how much I try and pretend it, put the outfit on, do all the stuff, man, it's not really my team, you know. So, I'm glad that we're all sons and daughters of God here and we know who our team is and you know, at our heart, we know that. Let's um stand this morning and just um open the service in prayer. Heavenly Father, we're grateful that we can be on your team this morning, Lord. We there's something in us, Lord, that's that that rejoices when we see your hand, that that just rejoices when we see your victories, that rejoices in you, Lord. And we just want to desire that you'd meet with us this morning. You said where two or three are gathered in your name, there you are in the midst. So, we desire that you would meet with us this morning, Lord, in a in in spirit, Lord. We know that as Paul said, we don't we're not following some cunningly devised fable or something that's just been made up, Lord, but we've experienced that. We're coming to the living God this morning, Lord. That there's there's more to this world than just the things around us that we see. But Lord, there's a there's a God that that's all intelligent, all knowing, all powerful, Lord, but also merciful and loving, Lord. And we just pray you'd um meet with us this morning in a powerful way, Lord. May you bless the songs and bless the ministry. And we just under great expectation just to hear from you this morning. So we we and we're glad that we're on the winning team this morning, Lord. We're glad we've got the the the winning colors on this morning, which is Jesus Christ and him crucified. So, we just commit the service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um God is good this morning. You believe God is good. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's start with the chorus. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, FJC. Oh, praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. Can we just stop so all the time? Sorry, we're just going to bring it up another key. I think the musicians have practiced a lot of things in another key. Sorry. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. Well, yes, he is all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] For if you're walking, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around, do not fear, but he will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound because he's promised to never leave you nor forsake you. And his word is true. God is good. All the time he put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good. All the time through the darkest night his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. [Music] Oh, we were sinners. We were sinners. So unworthy. Still for us, he chose to die. Filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and taste [Applause] that his love is everlasting and his mercy they will never end. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. He's good all the time. Oh, God is good. God is good all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good. God is good all the time. Amen. Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's God all three in one. And I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. And he's God if you serve him. He's still God if you won't. And I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that's healing cancer. He's the God who heals disease. He's God who heals our troubles. And I know he heals me. And I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in the first and he's God in the last. He's God of my future and he's God of my past. And I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. I have a right. I have a right to praise him. the right to lift my hands because I saw my name revealed to me by the lamb. I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, they call us, they call us holy rollers. They're always making fun, but I'm glad I've got the Holy Ghost and I'm living in the sun. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that lives in Moses. He's God in Paul, too. He's God in William Brandham and he's God in me and you and I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well up in Sabino Canyon they came down a sword. He came down out of that mountain saying the Lord and I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I remember I remember the day he saved me from my sin and shame. Well, I came up out of that water, baptized in Jesus' name. And I know God is God, and God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is lost again. I remember. Well, I remember the day he saved me from my sin and shame. I came up out of that water baptized in Jesus name. And I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Amen. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David does. When the spirit When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like David does. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like David does. I will dance. I will. I will dance like David does. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David. When the spirit when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will sing like David. Oh, I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing like David song. I will sing. I will sing. I will sing. like David. Well, when the spirit when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like they pray. Oh, when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will pray like Daniel. Oh, I will pray. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like Daniel pray. I will pray. I will pray. I will pray like Daniel. For when the spirit when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will find like God. For when the spirit when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will fight like a gun. Oh, I will fight. I will fight. I will fight. I will fight like I will fight. I will fight. I will fight and go. When the spirit when the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will walk like. Oh, when the spirit when the spirit of the Lord come upon my heart, I will walk like shar. Oh, I will walk. I will walk. I will walk. I will not walk. I will walk. I will walk. I will walk like. Oh, and the spirit. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like Mary D. When the spirit of the Lord comes upon my heart, I will dance like Mia. Oh, I will dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like [Applause] I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like Mary. Oh, I will dance. I will dance. I will dance. I will dance like Mary. [Music] Amen. You can have your seats. Um this morning we've got a special from uh is it just by Paul? God bless you. &gt;&gt; I greet you all today in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. I am I you know I'm not a singer. I'm not a singer, but I just thought, you know, this song was laid in my heart to to sing it despite the fact that I'm not a singer. And maybe I thought because he talks about a special person and we can just give him praise and glory and honor. And also because you're also special people, maybe it will encourage someone maybe it will encourage u someone and I called brother Mo to help me because I'm not a musician. So he will just put me on that track. So So James press. [Music] Life is easy when you're up on the mountain. [Music] You've got peace of mind like you have never known. [Music] But things change when you're down in the valley. Don't lose faith. You are never alone. For the God of the mountain is still God in the valley when things go wrong. Oh, he'll make them right. And the God of the good times. He's still God in the bad times. The God of the day is still God in the night. [Music] You talk of faith when you're up on the mountain [Music] and talk come so easy. When laid is best, I am down in the valley of child tempation. [Music] That's where your face is really put to the test. For the God of the mountain gives you God in the valley when things go wrong. Oh yes. Oh he'll make them right. And the God of the good times is your God in the bad times. The God of the day [Music] is still God in the night. [Music] And the God of the day is still God in the night. [Music] Amen. He's God of the mountain and God of the valley. No matter what you're going through, he's God. He didn't He didn't There's a song that said he never promised that the road that the cross would not get heavy and the road the hill would not be hard to climb. He never promised the victory without fighting, but he said help will always come in time. Let's um stand this morning. [Music] Those storms of strive sail me without warning. Though they try to steal my joy away, I will find rest in knowing you have saved me. Precious Jesus, rock of my Oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, rock of my salvation. the way of Calvar's wood and shame and cleanse my sin in the crimson of mercy. Precious Jesus. [Music] Oh my Jesus. Oh my Jesus, rock of my salvation. You bore the weight of Calvar's wood and shame and cleanse my sin in the crimson flow of mercy. Precious Jesus, rock of my salvage. Though times I stumble and I fall short of your call, I'll rest assure there's love enough for me. For I find you knowing you have saved me. Precious Jesus, rock of myself. Oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, rock of my salvation, who bought the way of Calvar's wood and shame and cleans my sin in the crimson full of mercy. Precious Jesus, rock of my salvation. Oh my Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Rock of my salvation. Who bought the way of Calvar's wood and shame and cleans my sin in the crimson flow of mercy. Precious Jesus, rock of my sin. Oh my Jesus, oh my Jesus, rock of my salvation. Who bore the way of Calvar's wood and shame and cleans my sin in the crimson flow of mercy. [Music] Precious Jesus, rock of my salvation. Because Jesus paid it all. [Music] All to him I owe. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white. Jesus paid. Oh, Jesus paid it all. Oh, to him I owe. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. I can hear the Savior sing. Thy strength indeed is small. Child of weakness and free. Find in me thine all. Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. Sin had left the crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Lord now indeed I find power. I alone can change the lepers and melt the heart of soul. Jesus paid it all. All to him I own. sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. For on nothing good have I with thy grace to claim. I'll wash my garments in the blood of Cal. Jesus paid it all. [Music] All to him I own. Sin had left the crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. And when before the throne, I stand in him complete. Jesus died to save. I live shall still repeat because Jesus paid it all. All to him I owe. Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. Sin had left Sin had left a crimson stain. He washed it white as snow. [Music] And let the weak say I am strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say, "I can see is what the Lord has." Let the weak, let the weak say, "I am strong." And let the poor say, "I am rich." Let the blind say, "I can see." is what the Lord has. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Hosana. Jesus died and he rose again into the river I will wait where my sins are washed away from the heavens mercy stream of the Savior's love. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosanana. Jesus died. Hosana. Hosanana. Hosanana to the lamb that was slain. Hosanana. Jesus died and he rose again. And thou will rise from borders deep into the saving arms of God. I will sing salvation song. Jesus Christ has set me free. Hosana. Hosana to the lamb that was slain. Hosana. Jesus died and rose again. Hallelujah. Are you glad for that? Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever alive, forever more. Amen. Thank you, musicians. God bless you. Amen. Thank you for the special, brother. God bless you, brother Mo. Appreciate that. Amen. It's great to have Adam here. God bless you, bro. Just feel at home, buddy. God bless you. Welcome. Amen. God bless you. Amy, good to have everyone else here, too. Amen. Let's um turn in the scripture um to we're going to go to Genesis uh chapter 24. I mean, I trust everyone's well today. &gt;&gt; Everyone's good, happy. Amen. Just going to read here from Genesis 24 and verses 61-65. So, Amen. And Genesis 24:61-65 says, "And Rebecca arose in her damsels, and they rode upon the camels and followed the man, and the servant took her Rebecca and went his way. And Isaac came from the well uh from the way of the of the well, Laarori, uh for he dwelt in the south country." And Isaac went out to meditate in the field at the evening tide, and lifted up his eyes, and saw, and behold, the camels were coming. And Rebecca lifted up her eyes, and when she saw Isaac, she lighted off the camel, for she had said unto the servant, "What man is this that walketh in the field to meet us?" And the servant had said, "It is my master." Therefore, she took a veil and covered herself. Amen. Then we're just going to go to um 1 Peter 1 and:es 3-9. Um probably one of my favorite I mean, I got a lot of favorites, but this I really like this passage, this this piece of scripture here. I mean so first Peter 1 and 3-9 reads here it says said blessed be the God and father of our Lord Jesus Christ which hath which according to his abundant mercy hath begotten us again unto a lively hope by the resurrection of Jesus Christ from the dead to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you who are kept by the power of God through faith under salvation ready to be revealed in the last time. Ruin ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season if need be, you are in heaviness through manifold temptations, that the trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold, that perisheth, though it be tried with fire, might be found into the praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ, whom having not seen uh ye love, in whom though now ye see him not, yet believing, ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory, receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer this morning. If you have a need, you just want to slip your hand up. Say, "Lord, remember me this day. Don't pass me by. Lord, I want a personal meeting with you today. Oh, almighty God, as we bow our heads and our hearts in your presence, Lord, we just want to praise your great name, give you glory, Lord. We want to lift up your name, Lord, because your name is a name above all names." I just want to pray and ask, Lord, would you come our way today? Would you come by all of our lives, touch our lives, Lord? Father, meet every need, dear God. Father, if we're lost, Lord, may we be no longer lost by the end of the service, Lord. We haven't given our lives to you, Lord. If we need a touch from you, Lord, maybe a stronghold needs to be broken. A healing needs to take place, Lord, to refill with your spirit or even to receive it, Lord. May you grant it this service, have your way, dear God. I just want to plead your blood over our lives and not only us here, but those who may be streaming, Lord, have your way. We love you so much. We commit our lives into your hands, Lord. We especially want to remember brother Phil at this time, Lord, as you continue to touch him and raise him up for your glory. Lord, we commit him. We commit our lives into your hands, Lord. But pray you bless the reading of your word, which we've just done in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats um this morning. So, I want to take if I could take a title uh this morning. This is a phrase or I think um Christy and I were talking about this or can't remember where it came up exactly but you know when we go and meet the Lord it's not like we're meeting someone for the first time. Okay, we've actually met him already. You know there can be a lot of um people can think well you know what's it going to be like? Am I going to is he going to accept me? Is he going to welcome me, you know, in in open arms, you know, up into glory? You know, what's it going to be like? You know, the when we leave this world, go to the next world. Who's had those kind of thoughts? You know, what's he what's his attitude going to be like towards me? What's it going to be? You know, is it going to be awkward? Is it going to be, you know, is he going to ignore me? You know, is he going to accept me? Well, the beautiful thing is we've already met. Okay, so this is the whole thing. The Lord Jesus is, you know, his spirit is upon the earth and the believer already knows him. Amen. It's not like we're going to be meeting him for the first time. But no, we're actually well we you should be well acquainted with him on this side. Amen. Because we know that the scripture says to know him is eternal life. Amen. To to know him as life, not just to know about him, to be able to quote his word from Genesis to Revelation or all the message backwards and frontwards. You know, the devil can do that, but he doesn't know the Lord. I mean, he isn't he hasn't become one with our Lord Jesus Christ. No sir, he can't do it. But you see the believer now, you know, we've already met. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that should take all fear away or worry, you know, because if he's received you here, he's going to receive you there cuz he's already received you here. Amen. So you as we read here in um Peter here, it says, you know, having not seen you love in whom though you now see him not, yet believing you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Now you say, how on earth could you love someone you've never met? Well, the Christians already met him. &gt;&gt; Amen. When you really meet the Lord, when he fills you with his Holy Ghost, he changes your life. You've met him. Amen. Or rather, he's met you. He's changed your life. He's got a hold of your life. There's a whole different walk that you're walking now. Now, we read here about Rebecca and you know the story of as as as Abraham would um Abraham was um you know, he needed a son for his um for sorry, he needed a wife for a son, Isaac. And um he he sent Eleazar, the main servant there of his of his household. And he and he commissioned him, go find a bride for Isaac. And so now here here Rebecca had no idea. She was just living her life and doing what she did. And but she had no idea. But she was tied in with prophecy that her life was more than just, you know, her family, her mom and dad, her siblings, or whoever she had around her and the things she was facing. But it was far deeper than that. And that God God had already ordained her life that she would actually leave all she knew and come into a different land. Amen. into into a land of uh of of the resurrection. Amen. Because you know that promised land is where is where the resurrection will take place. And we know our promised land is the Holy Ghost. Amen. Is the word that you know that is the place of resurrection for us. And so she would be there by the well. And she had no idea that Eleazar was sent with all the wealth of um of of Abraham to find, you know, Isaac a bride. And here she was. And you know, he would he would be by the he would come to where he was sent to go cuz he was told to go to his um told to go to Abraham's kindred there. And you know, she had no idea that before he got to the well, she was uh he was praying that, you know, may the damsel that comes and gives water to me and to my camels, may she be the one. She had no idea this had all transpired. She had no idea that, you know, Abraham told Eleazar before before Eleazar was sent that Abraham said, "The angel of the Lord will go before you." Amen. That that that he will cause what you've been sent to do to be accomplished. And you know, and we live in a day where the angel of the Lord is has come to the earth, amen, to what? To call a bride for Jesus Christ. Amen. To me, it's a wonderful thing. Amen. Praise the Lord. Where where where God would send a message, amen, into this earth to find a bride. And so, she finds herself giving him water, giving the camels water. and she had no idea she was actually living out the prayer of Eleaza. &gt;&gt; Then they have the conversation and you know she uh she's given gifts by by Eleaza. She goes and tells her family. Then they have a big talk about the you know the ministry of Eleaza why he's sent to find a bride for Isaac. And then finally, finally there's the, you know, there's the question is uh given and this is before these verses where where Rebecca um is asked the question, will you go with this man? You know, and and she says, I will go. She had to make a decision. It wasn't a family thing. It was her own personal decision. I'm going to follow. Now, you just think about this. Here's a guy just turns up. He's got men with him. He's got camels. He's got wealth. She has no idea uh really his background, you know, he just here's this guy. Oh yeah, I work for Abraham and we're related, all these things. But turns up has no idea where she's going to be taken. Has no idea, you know, really. Would you do that? You know, here comes someone. Hey, you're actually part of this family. I want to take you over here. And you know, it doesn't really even, you know, just Would you do that? I say you've done it. Amen. Amen. If you've accepted the Lord Jesus Christ, if God has if you have made a full surrender, he's transformed your life by his Holy Ghost, you've made that decision. &gt;&gt; I mean, because the same faith she had is the same faith that we had because we travel. You got to realize when you when you leave the things of this world, you're walking into a world you know nothing about. &gt;&gt; Amen. The power of God, the reality of the blood. Amen. to walk in the word that that you know even for the fact that the Bible is more than a history book or a you know it's more than a book of you know nice you know nice way of living but it's a book of prophecy amen and it's and we're living in Bible days that's a whole new land that you know before you enter into it you think man where am I going it's a totally alien place we here this morning I trust you know it's all good and so so but but she decided that she was going to go and the same faith she had was the same faith that actually Abraham had because Abraham was called to leave his kindred, leave his um leave his family, and he was told, "I'm going to God told him, I'm going to take you to a place that you're going to inherit." But he would he would be called out into a place that he should after receive for an inheritance. He obeyed and he went out knowing not whether he went. So, he didn't know really where he was going. It's like, you know, you know, he's packing up his camels, packing up Sarah on the camel and all these things. His neighbors lean over the fence and say, "Abraham, where are you going?" Uh, and you know, you going down the street, better house here. He says, "Uh, no, I'm leaving this town." Well, where are you going? I have no idea. You would be kind of questioning that guy's leadership. Right? But it was God leading him. Amen. The spirit of the Lord called him out. Amen. So, he went he went to a place he did not know. And the same thing with Rebecca cuz the same faith in Abraham was the same faith in Rebecca. Okay. I trust this is amen. So, so here they would leave now. Now, but you see the thing is as as Rebecca was going with Eleaza, you know, she would no doubt be asking a lot of questions. Who is this man that I am? Who is this man that I'm going to marry? You know, wouldn't that be a Wouldn't that you know, women like details? They like details. Okay. Yes. You know, so she'd be asking him, "What does he like? What is he what's his personality like? all the things that because she's already said she's going to go, but then you know um she needs to find out who she's who she's marrying. Okay. So, the thing is by the time that the camel train came into where Abra um to to where Isaac was actually Rebecca by the words of Eleaza already knew Isaac. Amen. Because remember God and his word is the same. &gt;&gt; I mean you can't separate God and his word they are the same being. I mean, so Eleaza was not drawing Rebecca to himself. No, a true servant will point the people to a real walk with the Lord Jesus Christ. And so now, as Ele was Eleazing, Amen. What did it do? It caused her to fall in love with Isaac that when they finally met, it was love at first sight. Amen. But she, as she was going on this journey, she, you know, and then she met Isaac, she would have realized, I've already met him through the words of Eleazar. Amen. It's the same thing with the message of the hour. What does it do? It introduces us to Jesus Christ. Amen. That we've that that we already meet him. Praise the Lord. I mean, I'm so glad that I'm not wondering what's he going to be like over that other side. No, I know his presence. I know his attitude. I know his word. I mean, not in here, but in my heart. I mean, I know what he likes. I know what what he is like. I mean, and I'm not interested in his outward appearance. I don't care if he's tall, short, fat, thin, blue, black, purple, yellow. I don't care what color he is. But he's the Messiah. Amen. And I love him. Amen. Because why? We fall in love with him here. The union takes place here. The marriage takes place here. We go to the supper there. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. And so now, what does this do? Now, we fall in love with this. You say, "Well, how could a Christian is a crazy person? They've never met Jesus." Well, we have. He said, "I will be with you, even in you to the end of the world." Amen. The world won't see me no more, but yet ye shall see me. Amen. So, those who are the believer actually, they see the Lord. Amen. We what you say have you seen nail scarred hands and prints and no I haven't seen his physical body will meet that in the air but his spirit his word is upon the earth and I meet him that way. Amen. Praise the Lord. And so what does it do? It gives us it gives us joy unspeakable. We rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Amen. Because we're not walking this walk with fear and trepidation. No, he's taken away all the fear. Amen. He has taken away all the fear. All the you know we known whom we have believed. Amen. We have full confidence that what he has started he will complete. Amen. He doesn't do a halfway job. Amen. He never sure we will go through disappointments but we won't be disappointed in him. Amen. Because when we come to a place and realize he's our great shepherd. Amen. That he is not just casually you know sending us off into the wilderness trying to find our way. But we know the way. Amen. He says I am the way the truth and the life. Where we can have such confidence God I'm never out of your care. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Yeah. It's like um well, I'll just put this in here. It says, you know, receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your souls. And that word end, it means to set out of a a definite point or goal properly. The point aimed at, I mean, the conclusion of an act or state. Amen. So the so the receiving the end of our faith is it's come to its conclusion. It's come to we're secure. Amen. It's not a partial thing. No, it's a full reality. Amen. Why? Cuz we're sealed to the day of our redemption. &gt;&gt; I believe in eternal security. If you're in Christ, you're eternally secure. Amen. You'll have your ups and downs, your troubles, but God will see you through all of them. Amen. Even, you know, people like like Fanny Crosby would be asked, you know, you know, she was a singer and, you know, you know, she was a gospel writer and they people tried to come to her and get her to sell her gift to the world to make a bunch of money, but she refused to do it because she realized the gift in her life was God-given. And all she wanted to do was glorify God in her life. Amen. And that's what a Christian does is all they're interested is glorifying Jesus Christ. Amen. So they would ask her, you know, you're blind and you know, you know, you know, when you get to heaven, if there is such a place, how would you ever know him? She says, I'll know him. I'll know him. She stayed on God's word. And when those men turned to leave, she started through the house with her hands up. The spirit struck her and she sang, "I shall know him. Yes, I shall know him. And redeemed by his side, I shall stand. I shall know him by the prince of the nails in his hand. If I can't see in heaven, I'll know him by the prince of the nails in his hand. I mean, she had such an assurance cuz I know him now, I'll know him there. Amen. So, she wasn't worried about, you know, well, you know, if I can't see in heaven, well, I'll know him there. And to me, the fact is when you really meet the Lord, that sweet presence of God, you become very acquainted with, right? You become to realize what anger and jealousy and malice is. And then you know the opposite of what love, peace, joy, comfort, care, stability, reassurance. You know what that is. Amen. Amen. So you know the true presence of God. And the problem is this world has come to a place where the spirit of God is very lean. Amen. It's not in a lot of places sadly. So it's all fussing and fighting and debate as opposed to where's God in the matter. I mean, because when people get into a political fussing, fighting kind of a spirit, there's not that sweet gentleness no more. It leaves sadly. That's why we always got to stay separate from those things and just walk with that sweet humble feeling. &gt;&gt; You know, you should know the presence of God. You say, "Well, you going by feelings." No, that's what his word produces. Amen. His word produces love. His word produces joy. His word produces peace. Amen. His word produces faith. Amen. His word produces meekness, temperance, and all those things, does it not? Amen. When his word comes into you and lives, it produces those things. Amen. So now the thing is that because we know his presence here, we'll know him over there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We won't step into his presence and it'll be a totally different kind of an atmosphere. It should be a far greater one. &gt;&gt; Amen. I like this here. If I could I could find this. This really blessed me yesterday. Um he says he says so from revelations 21 1-4 he says I saw a new heaven a new earth for the first he uh heaven and the first earth were passed away and there was no more sea and I John saw the holy city new Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband and I heard a great voice out of heaven saying behold the tabernacle of God is with men and he will dwell with them and they shall be his people and God himself shall be with them and be their God and God shall wipe away all their tears from their eyes and there shall be no more death, neither sorrow nor crying. Neither shall there be any more pain. For the former things are passed away. How wonderful. All of God's wonderful promises fulfilled. It will be all over. The change uh will have been completed. The lamb and his bride forever settled in all the perfections of God. Describe it. Who is able to do that? No one. Think about it, dream about it, read the word says about it. Yes, we can do all of that. Yet we can only know an infantessimal part of it until it becomes reality in the first resurrection. Amen. So we just have a small infantessimal part of it. You feel the prince of God. You're in a powerful service maybe camp or somewhere God moves. You're praying and the presence of God comes out. It's almost it's overwhelming sometimes just how great he is. And that's just a small infantessible part of the great reality. Amen. Of of what we're going to step into in the first resurrection when the dead in Christ rise and our bodies are changed. Amen. So it's not it's not something different. It must be far greater than what we're experiencing because at the moment we're limited by these by these bodies. That's why we need a body change. Amen. But you see it'll come to a place as it says as brother says here it says all the he says he says where all the change will be has been completed. Amen. So the change has already begun in our souls. God comes and dwells in our soul. There's a change there from from unbelief to faith. Right. But then now we're still in these bodies, still with these human spirits. But then those bodies will be changed. Praise the Lord. And then we'll see him as he is. Amen. Up in up in glory when we're taken up there to meet the Lord in the air. And you know all those things. But you see, it's it's only a small infantessimal part of what we're experiencing right now. I'm so thankful. Amen. There's far more. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. So Rebecca would Rebecca would be on this journey now. She would she would come to realize that this one that is being told her about amen is far greater and is really the one that she's been looking for all of her life. And it's the same thing with you and I. I trust you've had the experience where you've realized this word is different. &gt;&gt; Amen. There was a lot of would have been a lot of other eligible bachelors around where she lived, but Isaac was different. Amen. He was a different kind of a man. &gt;&gt; Amen. And this Lord Jesus that we sow now. So, so love and know. Amen. He's different from every other religion. He's not even a religion. We don't follow a religion, a system of system of man. We re we follow Jesus Christ, the living God. &gt;&gt; Amen. It may have a lot of things that look like religion, but this is not a religion. A systematic way of just following God. No, this is a relationship. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And then we come to realize now I just want to maybe just this is the whole thing that really blessed me but it's okay. We are never out of the shepherd's care. As I said we are we have already met. &gt;&gt; Okay. We've already met. God becomes more real than our own lives. Amen. Where he you know he is not a distant onlooker in life. You know sometimes we look at the world we think how on earth is God ever on the throne. We look at the chaos of this world. We see, you know, Charlie Kirk was assassinated this week and, you know, just trying to, you know, push, you know, push a conservative view and free speech in a dialogue. He got assassinated by a guy got radicalized online who was actually raised in a Christian environment. You see, but you see the whole point of the sadly the whole this whole thing is America eating itself alive. Amen. This world is devouring itself. Amen. It's the same. I know I've said it before, but it's the same if you look at the history of, you know, the Jewish nation from when they rejected Jesus Christ to when Titus came and destroyed Jerusalem. I mean, that that span of time is repeating itself right now. I mean, where there's different, you know, in the Jewish factions back there, you know, there were different there were the Zealots, there were the Pharisees, there different ones, there were all these Jewish factions there trying to make Israel great again. We've heard that phrase before, haven't we? trying to trying to bring in Jewish nationalism, trying to raise back what they you know what they thought Israel should be. But Israel was meant to be walking with the Messiah. I mean, so the believers in the book of Acts, they were what Israel was meant to be. I mean, one with the Almighty God. You see, but what happened is because they rejected Messiah, they brought religious, political views together and it brought the destruction of Jerusalem &gt;&gt; like Jesus said would happen. Right? So everything you see in America going on, don't take sides with none of it. We're not called to to to be pulled to anything. We're meant to walk down the middle and show people there is a better way. &gt;&gt; Amen. I tell you what, you tie in politics and Christianity, it's going to it ends up with the image for the beast which is already there. Amen. It just brings in Satan and causes destruction. So we're not called to Sure. It's sad he died. He said a lot of good things. He probably helped a lot of good PO, but it's a tragedy. But it's a it's a result of America rejecting Christ and just taking swapping Christ for religion. It's a sad picture, right? Don't get caught up in it. Remember we have been to him that overcometh in this day you'll be given is to see right and gold tried in the fire. Later you see an age. Okay. The the Isav is free but the white robes come with a cost and that cost is separation. Brother Brandham speaks about it. So if you want those white robes stay don't let your spirit become entangled by whatever is trending. Amen. Cuz even like social media is actually designed to divide and it has divided. Amen. It was meant to bring people together but it's just polarized the whole world. Everyone's been transformed or deformed into a troll. You know saying what they want, doing all these kind of things. Don't get caught up in that stuff. Amen. We are we are in the world but not of this world. &gt;&gt; It doesn't matter how close it comes to home with what's going on and how how relatable it can be to you. Don't be caught up in it. &gt;&gt; I mean, can you imagine being a Jewish believer there before Jerusalem's destroyed and you know your neighbors are are Jews as well, but they just don't see that Jesus is the Christ. They can't see the message of the hour. Amen. But they're being caught up into this thing because they're sincere people. They want to improve their nation. They want to be free and all these things. They want their own rights. But you see, they're being caught up in that and the pressure they try and put on you. Hey, hey, Isaac. Hey, hey, Abraham. I'm just picking a Jewish name. Hey, Levi. You got to take sides with us, man. Look at the economy. It's this this Roman system. Look at what they're doing to us. Look, they're destroying our nation, man. We're going to rally. We're going to we're going to make Israel great again. You're a Jew. You're obligated to this thing, but you're a believer. &gt;&gt; There would still be a pressure, but you got to realize, no, I've left. I'm here but I've left. I'm living in a different world. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm now I'm not of this world anymore. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, they would have had to stand against the pressure to take sides in that day. Now, how about you and I I'm taking sides with Jesus, &gt;&gt; the revealed word. I'm taking sides with my shepherd. &gt;&gt; Amen. Cuz my shepherd said, "You're in the world but not of the world." Amen. Or you say, "Well, I you know, if I if I join up with them, they might listen to what I have to say about the Lord." No, they'll be caught up in their thing. They have to be called out. &gt;&gt; Amen. But do you see now? So during this very So we live in a complex time. Brother Bram says about how you know every church age finishes with to him that have an ear, let him hear what the voice says to the churches, right? Spirit says to the churches. He says there's never been a time that's more important is now to listen to the spirit speaking to the church through the word. It's so important. I'm not not talking about me. I'm talking about listening to the message of the hour. Staying in line with Christ. Amen. Man, we got to take sides with Jesus because he's the only one that can fix anybody. Amen. If he can take me a drunken university student making homebrew, partying, all those things, and he can change my life, he can change anyone. I didn't need psychology. I needed almighty God. And him and his infinite grace found me and changed me. And I tell you what, I believe he can fix anybody. &gt;&gt; Amen. He wants to be your shepherd today. Praise the Lord. So now, as Jesus would say here, if I can if I can find it, I want to find it here where he says, Jesus would say, "His sheep know his voice &gt;&gt; and they follow him for they know his voice." Amen. So there's already So the sheep already know the shepherd. Amen. We already know the shepherd. We are We're not going to meet someone new on the other side. I'm going to be repeating this through, but I just want you to real I just pray it takes all the fear out cuz some people get so anxious. Am I going to make it? Is my am I really going in the rapture? Am I really going to get there? Well, if you've been received here, you're already received there. Lord, &gt;&gt; right? It's not a it's not a two-step deal. It's no, you're sealed today of your redemption by the Holy Ghost here. You're safe and secure for there for the translation. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, he says to to him, the porter openereth the sheep, hear his voice, and calleth his own sheep by name, and leadth them out. And when he puteth forth his own sheep, he goeth before them and his sheep follow him for they know his voice. Amen. So they always the sheep always follow the shepherd. Now there's actually nothing. Brother Bram says here he says sorrows of tears can never keep the shepherd away. I mean because there's always times like I don't think Rebecca's journey was an easy journey. those 300 whatever hundreds of miles from from the Chaldes to to the promised land. It would not have been an easy journey because our journey is not easy. It's worth it but it ain't always easy, right? But he says here that sorrows and tears can never keep the shepherd away. I mean sorrows of tears, corruption, he proved it at the grave of Lazarus. Lazarus was one of his little lambs. He was laying he was laying in the uh in the body bottom of a pit. Stone rolled over it. His body was molded. Nose had dropped in. Skinworms was eating him up. But the chief shepherd, excuse me, came up to the grave, and he knowed his sheep by name. And if he speaks your name now and calls you, you answer. For there's going to be a time, said the prophet, that he will call and I'll answer him. Amen. So nothing can separate us from our shepherd. &gt;&gt; Nothing can. Amen. He's always there. He's always present. Amen. And he's not. And then and then even Jesus said he said, "I'm the good shepherd and I and I know my sheep and have known of mine. As the father knoweth me, even so I even so know I the father and I lay down my life for the sheep and other sheep I have which are not of this fold. Them also I must bring and they shall hear my voice and there shall be one fold and one shepherd." He's talking of you there. He's talking of the Gentiles. He said, "I've got other sheep that are not here of this fold, but they are going to hear my voice and they're going to know me and they're going to follow me." Amen. He was He was thinking of you when he spoke those words. Amen. Cuz he knew you'd be here in 2025. He knew you'd be here on the opposite side of the world, the last stop before Antarctica. He knew you'd be here. Amen. But he says, "I know." But he says, "I must bring them into the fold." &gt;&gt; Amen. I must pick them up wherever they're caught in some thicket of sin somewhere or down or religion or whatever it is things of man. I'm going to pick them up. I'm going to bring them into my fold. Amen. And they shall hear my voice. Amen. So what God is speaking today. Amen. He is not finished. His word is still speaking out in this day. Amen. Because we shall hear his voice and they shall be onefolded one shepherd. So he's actively he's actively working in our lives. Amen. He's not some, as I said before, you know, we look at this world and we think, how on earth can God be in control? He is in control. &gt;&gt; Everything is working after the council of his own will. Amen. This cha even the chaos of this world right now, you say, how on earth he's allowing it to happen. Amen. That his word would be fulfilled. Amen. You got to also realize that God put man as the as the god of this world, Adam and Eve, right? Then they forfeited the throne to Satan. And now Satan is the god of this evil age. But God permits him to do what he's going to do. Amen. He's allowing him to do these things. But in this chaos of this world, God is with us. Amen. He said, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you." Amen. He is not, See, God is not some See, God, like, you know, people say, you know, like intelligent design, it's like God just kind of started making something. He said, "I'll just I'll just let it see what it evolves into." You know, God didn't do it that way. When he said, "Let there be frogs." There was a frog. Let there be fleas, whales, fish. They were made as exactly what he called them to be. They did not grow into something else. Right? So God so so that idea that God would just kind of start something and see how it kind of turns out that he's just watching like a spectator watching this thing, that's totally wrong. No. God is actively working in our lives every day. Amen. And it doesn't matter what situation we're in. And I say if you're if your God's God is working in your life. Amen. It's like Joseph was put in prison there in Egypt. It says, but God was with Joseph in the prison. Amen. He was with him in that time where where Joseph is feeling like, man, this is all falling apart. Lord, how on earth are these dreams going to be fulfilled that my family's going to bow down before me? How on earth is this going to happen? But God was with Joseph. &gt;&gt; Amen. God was with him in that despair. I tell you what, friends, he is with us in our trouble. Amen. He does never He never looks for an exit stage right or left when things get too hot or heavy. No, he's right there with you in every situation. Amen. He is not some complacent onlooker or a recording angel. But there he is expressing exactly what he is. He's a life and sustainer and the giver of all good gifts to the church. Hallelujah. Amen. He is our advocate. He's he's con constantly advocating on our behalf. Amen. Working on our behalf. The high priest of our profession. Amen. He is not someone who's silent. He's not a silent God. No, he's actively working in your life every day. Amen. I trust you. Look for him every day as he's your shepherd. When you get up in the morning, Lord, lead me. You're much higher. Lord, lead me. You're much wiser. Lord, you know the way back home, Lord Jesus. And what does he do? He says, "Good now. Now I'm your shepherd. I'm going to I'm going to work in your life. I tell you what, even before you meet him, he was your shepherd." Amen. He kept you from a lot of things. There's some of us here, amen, that should have gone to a premature grave, but God wasn't done with us. Amen. God was God had to bring us to an expected end where we would come to a relationship with him and he'd transform our lives. There's many of us that would have been lost somewhere in the world. You would think, Lord, how did we get here? And you'd say, "I've been your shepherd the whole time. &gt;&gt; You didn't know I was there, but I was there." Amen. In the hurting, in the pain, in the despair, there was Jesus. Amen. He has always been present. Amen. So it doesn't matter how bad you feel, how down, how troubled. You got to realize, no, he's the great shepherd and he's your shepherd. Amen. And he won't lose one of his sheep. Amen. It doesn't matter how far they run, how deep they go, how lost they can become, they will never stay in that condition. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because they are his sheep. Amen. That's why we can lift our families before the Lord and say, "God, they're your lambs. They're your sheep, Lord Jesus. They're the sheep of your pastor." Amen, pastor. They're part of you, oh God. Go get them. Amen. I tell you what, our God loves to be put on someone's trail. Amen. He loves to be dispensed or sent. Amen. Because why? He we bind his power by what we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. We actually the power of your tongue is incredible. Amen. Where your prayers can put God in action or they cannot put God in action cuz he's the high priest of our profession. So if you profess, I'm never going to make it. I'm never going to get there. My family's hopeless. It's over. It's wrong. It's done. He can't intercede. He can't fulfill his word in your life cuz you're confessing negative. Amen. But if you start to confess the promises of his word, confess the shepherd back to him cuz he is his word. Then he can act on your behalf. Amen. You say, "Well, I've tried that and it hasn't worked." Are you sure? God's timing is different. Amen. His timing is different to your timing. Your schedule's not his schedule. Amen. So, we got to take God in his word like like Abraham did. He didn't bring He didn't confess the deadness of his body. Sarah's womb being dead. Is that me? Am I doing something? He didn't confess those things. &gt;&gt; You know, he didn't look at those things. He said, "No, God said." &gt;&gt; Yes, that's right. &gt;&gt; I can just, you know, yep. I'll just I'll just do this. God said, "We're having a son, Sarah. We're having a son." God said, "We're going to have it, Sarah." Amen. And the chief shepherd was there guiding them. Even when even when Abraham backslid because the conditions said, "Well, there was a famine." They went down into Greer. They went to other places. Amen. He even said to Sarah, "Listen, you're a beautiful woman. Tell tell the king that uh you're my sister. We're not married." He was they were half brother and sister. So, a white a white lie is a lie. Okay? Bending the truth is still not right. Okay? And then even that when the you know king was going to marry her and all these things and God came down spoke to that king and said you're good as a dead man. &gt;&gt; He says what do you mean you're as good as a dead man. That woman that you want to marry is actually that man's wife. Restore her. And he said Lord you know the integrity of my heart. You know I wouldn't have done these things if I knew it. He says to you that's why I'm warning you. You better you. So so even when Abraham did that not once but twice God brought him out cuz he is the great shepherd. Because God was determined that the word was going to be fulfilled in Abraham's life. And I tell you what, for God's elect, God is determined that his word will be fulfilled in your life. Amen. Doesn't matter how bad things get. I'll tell you what, friends, just confess his promises. Amen. Don't never let your confession be negative. Doesn't matter how you feel. Many times I feel down. I feel melancholic. I feel what's the point of things? I don't let that thing become my confession because I'm not going to agree with something that's contrary to the word. I mean, I'm going to agree with the shepherd's word cuz the shepherd's word is always right. I mean, it's not based on my circumstance, not based what I'm going through. No, his word is far above those things. Amen. If his word says certain things and I take him at his word. So, for example, if his word says by his stripes, I'm healed. Amen. If he says, I'm I'm your counselor. I'm your peace. Amen. I'm your joy. I'm your satisfying portion. I'm your deliverer. I'm your savior. I'm your healer. I'm your guide. I'm going to take him at his word and choose to believe that because that's what my shepherd is. Amen. If he said, "I am your provider." I'll say, "Lord, you're still Jehovah Gyra." I mean, you I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor God seed begging bread. I've always seen God come through time after time after time. And you know why? Many times we get to a point where there's just a bunch of zeros in the bank cuz God wants to prove, "Listen, I'm Jehovah Gyra. Let me be Jehovah Gyra. Let me do it for you." Amen. We get to a point we say, "Lord, I can't do it." That's when he can step in. &gt;&gt; And that's why he allows those things. He loves to prove his word. Amen. Our shepherd is not some silent guy who just watches what's going on. He loves to prove his word. &gt;&gt; He loves to prove that he is the good shepherd. &gt;&gt; Amen. So why don't we let him do it in a greater way? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful that he is our great &gt;&gt; He is our great shepherd. Amen. Glory to God. So he's not some silent onlooker, but he's working in your life every day. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, last week was much the same as the week before that." He is working. &gt;&gt; He is molding. &gt;&gt; Why do I have to do the, you know, I remember being at school. I remember being at boarding school. Man, I didn't even leave the place even on weekends half the time. Why am I in this spot? Why am I This is so, you know, and you just go through motions and God was working there. You mean God would use that? Yeah. &gt;&gt; God used Egypt to mold Joseph for the throne. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God will God will God will use God used the backside of the desert to mold Moses ready to deliver his people. &gt;&gt; Amen. God will use your everyday life and he does. But are you looking at it that way? I trust we are. He's actively working. You know, see, because the devil wants you to think, what's the point? There's no use. Just give up and quit. He's trying to put that upon you because he is afraid. When you really realize who you are, when you really realize, I'm one of his sheep. Amen. And the Lord is my shepherd. There is nothing impossible with you when you realize these things. Amen. That you have the right to push the enemy back. Amen. You have a right to call on the shepherd. That the shepherd will anoint you to destroy your enemy. I mean, to destroy the yoke of the enemy by the anointing of God. You have a right, amen, to take God at his word and actually use your tongue. See, that's why I said don't confess negative. You say, "Satan, you're not welcome here." Amen. Depression, you ain't welcome here. Anxiety, you're not welcome here. Amen. I don't have to put up with you anymore. Moodiness, whatever. You're not welcome here. You I have the joy of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. You say, "You don't feel joyful." That don't matter. I have the joy of the Lord. You'll find you begin to take the name of Jesus, child of sorrow of war. Who's ever sung that song? Amen. &gt;&gt; I remember times I was down. I'd sing that song. I never was down by the time I finished it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Why? Because it works. Taking God at his word, letting him work, letting him live, works. &gt;&gt; Amen. But what is it? But what does a sheep need to do? A sheep I'm just going to find that picture again. I'll put it back up. A sheep needs to surrender to the shepherd. Amen. More than just the sheep needs to more than just treat the shepherd as a bodyguard or an errand boy or a protection or someone when things get too bad they can call on him. It's more than that. The sheep has to surrender their will to the shepherd's will. Amen. Because we got to realize he knows what he's doing. When you have faith, see, see, a lack of faith causes people to take their lives into their own hands. Amen. If we don't believe in if we don't have faith in the Lord, how can you trust your life in his hands? But if you believe, if you're fully persuaded, he's more than able to keep that which you've given him, your soul, your life. Right? Then you can have then you'll have full confidence in him that it doesn't matter what goes on, I'm staying with you. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, it's like a sheep gets up in the morning and they think, "No, I want to go down to that that valley and have that grass." And the shepherd takes them in the opposite direction. If the sheep is surrendered to the shepherd, they'll follow the shepherd, right? But if the sheep doesn't believe the shepherd's leadership, they'll go down where they've been before. They'll go down to their other things. So, we must never see, we must not just treat God, well, we don't treat God as some some security detail. He's far more than that. He's our leader. Amen. Not just our savior, but our Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. And it's such a thing many people want to take Jesus Christ as their savior because they're afraid of hell. They don't know where they're going to go. But he's got to be your Lord and Savior. He's got to be your everything. &gt;&gt; Amen. You got to realize when you get up in the morning that if these unexpected things happen in the day, it's working for your good. Amen. You say, well, you know, well, why did that need to happen? This is frustrating. There should be nothing that's frustrating. &gt;&gt; That's a big thing to say. I'm probably going to be tested on that. But you see, but we should realize, no, God has a you get stuck in traffic. There's a reason. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I mean, you burst a tire, there's a reason. Well, do you know the reason? Not necessarily. But God could have saved you from an from an accident. &gt;&gt; I mean, maybe maybe you need to learn some patience in traffic instead of hooning around and cutting corners and, you know, cuz that doesn't lead people in a good way. They normally crash and stuff, &gt;&gt; you know. So, there's and then you real, well, well, I'm stuck in the car. What am I going to do? You can talk to the Lord, &gt;&gt; put on a message, call someone handsree, you know. I don't know, you know, but use that time. Well, we'll just sit there and sing whatever, you know, but there's a purpose in it. &gt;&gt; Oh, things are going, why is this happening in my life? There's a purpose for it. &gt;&gt; Cuz why? The shepherd wants you to have full faith, confidence in him. &gt;&gt; Amen. But if you But if you don't if you don't believe he's able, you'll find your own way. And it's amazing. Sheep actually can easily get lost. Amen. They can't find their way home. They're not migratory animals. They're very actually quite useless things, you know. But thank God I'm his sheep. I don't want to be a goat. I don't want to be a wolf. I don't want to be a whatever. I'm glad I'm his sheep. &gt;&gt; Amen. Cuz the sheep are the ones that go into the go into the um corral or whatever at the end of the day. Amen. It's like brother Bram when he was he was overseas somewhere and you know there were shepherds but shepherds of different animals. He saw goats, he saw sheep, uh camels, different things. And then and then you know he was asking the guy who was showing him around about these things and they came up to the conversation of well what do the animals do when the sun goes down and and the guide said it's only the sheep that go into the corral at the end of the day. The others are left in darkness wandering around. And he said praise the Lord. Amen. Because if I'm his sheep mean before the sun goes down before this chaos of the world comes in he's going to get me into a sheepfold. I'm going to be safe and secure. Amen. Away from the darkness and the predators and everything. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. So nothing can separate us can keep the shepherd away. Amen. I just wanted to read this here if I can find it. We could read this together. There's a bit of a lengthy reading, but you know this is David in Psalm 139. Just realize nothing can separate us from from our shepherd. He says, he says, "Oh Lord, thou hast searched me and known me. Thou knowest my downsitting and my uprising. Thou understandeth my thought a far off. Thou compasseth my path and my lying down, and are art acquainted in all my ways." See, they've met before. Okay? For there is not a word in my tongue, but lo, oh Lord, thou knowest it all together. Thou hast beset me behind and before and laid thine hand upon me. Such knowledge is too wonderful for me. It is high and I cannot obtain unto it. Whether shall I go from thy spirit or whether shall I flee from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there? If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall thou hold me. If I say, Surely the the darkness shall cover me, even the night shall be light about me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, but the night but the night shineth as the day. The darkness and the light are both alike to thee. For thou hast possessed my reigns. Thou has covered me in my mother's womb. I will praise thee, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made. Marvelous are thy works, and that my soul knoweth right well. My substance was not hid from thee when I was made in secret and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth. Thine eyes did see my substance yet being unper and in thy book all my members were written which in continuence were fashioned when as yet there was none of them. How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, oh God, how great is the sum of them. If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand. When I awake, I will still be with thee. Search me, oh Lord, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts. And if there be any wicked way in me and lead me in the way everlasting. &gt;&gt; Amen. So David came to a point wherever I go, Lord, you're going to be there. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Wherever I go, if I go to heaven, you're there. If I make my bed in hell, the grave, you'll be there. Amen. You know all about me, Lord. He says, "These thoughts are too high for me. Too incredible when we realize that the God that made us knows us really well." Amen. that even you know even even the um you know even brother would say you know people would say you don't know the Bible very well he says but I know the author really well &gt;&gt; amen so it's not like and and I'm going to start slowly winding this up but you know we got to realize that the God we are going to meet there is the one we know here we've already met him on this side I mean so there shouldn't be any fear or worry if you've really met him that settles everything I mean the sin questions over the am Am I going to make it over? And my acceptance's over. That's answered. Praise the Lord. Even Ev even would say in um uh Ephesians chapter 1, it says that he has made us accepted in the beloved. Amen. Say, "Well, how do I know I'm accepted?" Well, I'm accepted in the beloved. I'm accepted in Christ. Amen. Where where and then So, how do we get into where we're accepted in the beloved? Well, Peter gave a real easy. He said, "Repent." So change your mind. Turn around from your ways. Be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sin. And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For that gift is to you to your children those are far off as many as the Lord our God shall call. So if there's a longing in your heart for for more of God for the Holy Ghost. Amen. Why? It's because he's calling you. He's calling you by name. He's calling you. Say, "Child, come walk with me. I want to be your shepherd. I want you to meet me here." Amen. and that it's not, you know, that we can walk together upon this earth right now. Praise the Lord. So, let's just finish with Rebecca quickly. Let's go back to the story. We've made a big segue, but there she was. She was watering the camels. She didn't realize she was fulfilling the prayer of Eleazar. And then she came after she said she would go, she realized that the that the that the animals that she was winging was going to pack her to see her bridegroom. I mean, is that right? Amen. What is watering? The very power that we are watering now with praise and thanksgiving and glory and power and might is the very Holy Spirit that will pack us to see Jesus someday. Amen. It's not a different power. It's the same power. Look, it was the call of the evening when Isaac walked out. And some people say, "Well, what if you see him and he's a real dark Jew if he's this?" I don't care what he looks like. He's my savior. And when the bride sees him, it'll be love at first sight. When Rebecca seen Isaac, she jumped off the camel and run to meet him. It was love at first sight. I tell you, when we see him, it'll be love at first sight. Off we'll go. And away will into his arms. Certainly, how beautiful. The bride, the evening lights coming, the faith that was once delivered to the saints beginning to restore back to the church. The fig trees putting forth its bud. she begin to move out. Amen. So the same power that you're watering with praise and thanksgiving and adoration is going to pack you from this world to the next world. &gt;&gt; It's going to carry you away. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. I'm just going to finish with this one story. So actually the musicians could come if if you want to come this morning. Amen. So brother Bram tells a story when he goes to pray for a woman called Mrs. Ohia who was who was crippled up in a bed. She was she was an Armenian and um the Lord showed her where she lived and showed um showed that you know to go pray for her by a vision and then you know she came in and she you know he came in and um there was a young lady there was about 17 she had on her brother's shoe she kindly stepped back one side and there laid this old woman said that's her that's the one I said sister what have you been reading she says it's an Armenian Bible I said do you believe I said ever since I seen in the paper about the man being healed I said there's hopes for me. I said, "God has heard your prayer and he sent me that I might pray for you." And the woman jumped out of the bed, running around over the house, perfectly normal and well, right to her and go see her. Many of the people in the neighborhood heard the screaming and they thought it was a funeral service. Uh, it was an old person died, a new one was born again. All right. When she came out there, she said she's excited, that's all. She just got excited and let the muscles down in her legs, whatever that means. Some excuse that people try and put on God doing the supernatural. He says, "About 5 years later, I was standing in the butcher shop. I seen her through the glass come in. She walked with her husband. She touched me on that arm. I acted like I didn't see her. And I looked over this way. She touched me back and and and I looked the other way." She said, "I fooled you, didn't I?" I said, "No." And she said, "Brother Brown, you remember a long time ago they told me I was excited." I said, "Yes, ma'am." She said, "I'm still excited because I'm still walking." Amen. Amen. Amen. I mean, I mean, you better get excited, brother. Excitement don't heal the sick. The power of God is what heals the sick. It's the evening lights that are falling. Amen. So I trust he's touched you just like he touched Rebecca. Says, "I will go." I mean, put an excitement and expectation in her heart. I'm going to meet my bridegroom. Amen. And the Lord has touched us. Amen. I say, "I'm still excited cuz I'm still walking." Amen. I'm still walking with the Lord. Amen. I'm still walking with my shepherd. Amen. He healed me spiritually to walk with him. Amen. And I'm still excited because I'm still walking. Amen. And I pray this morning you're still walking with him and to realize the one we meet here is the same one we meet there. That there shouldn't be any fear or trepidation in our hearts. I pray if there is that God would work in your life and he would take that fear and worry away. He just replace with a faith of full assurance. Lord, I know in whom I have believed. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So friends, let's continue this journey watering the the power of the Holy Ghost with praise and thanksgiving. Amen. because that same power is going to pack us to glory soon and very soon. Amen. And we will see him. I just want to finish with this one quote that I thought was was quite marvelous. Um it's just a short one. He's speaking of the new heavens and new earth. But I just feel this is really nice just for now. He says, "The bride goes wherever the bridegroom is. She will never be left by him. She will never leave his side. She will share the throne with him. She'll be crowned with his glory and honor." Amen. So the bride never leaves the bride. You know, she is where he is and she will never be left by him. I love that. Don't you? You're never out of his care. Amen. God is with you in trouble, strife, questions, problems, good times, bad times. He said, "I'd never leave you nor forsake you." Amen. And if you don't know him that way, I pray you'd open your heart. Say, "Lord, I want to know you that way, Lord. You're a God of reality." Amen. Let's stand this morning, shall we? Amen. Is it you can have it your way, Jesus? &gt;&gt; Yeah. Perfect. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing this. &gt;&gt; If you lead through the valley, I'll go and in faith I'll believe that you know what is best for the plan that you have. in your great mind. You meet with the eagle soul, where my joy and my peace overflow. And I know that you must think I need refreshing if you pour out the oil and the wine. Or if you leave through the blazing fire. If I have to wait until the morning comes, I'll wait. You can have it your way, Jesus, your way. You can have it your way, Jesus, your way. [Music] You lead to the battle. I'll stand for I know that you save by your right hand. You teaches my fingers to find my hands to war. If you leave down a lonely mind where there's tear drops and heartaches and trles, I will know this is just your refine. pinninging fire or if you lead to the blazing fire. If I have to wait until the morning away. You can have it your way, Jesus. Your way. You can heaven your way, Jesus. Your way. When it all When it all looks like it's failing, you can have it your way. Jesus, when all my fail me, you can have it your way. [Music] When the blessing like a fountain, you can have it your way. Jesus. And when I conquer every mountain, you can have it. When it all looks like and when it all looks like it's failing, you can help me. When all my foes say me, you can have it your way. [Applause] When the blessing flow like a fountain, you can have it your way, Jesus. And when I conquer every mountain, you can have it your way. If you pour out the oil and the wine, or if you lead through the blazing fire, if I have to wait until the morning come our way. You can have it your way, Jesus. Your way. You can have it your way, Jesus, your way. Oh, you can have it your way, Jesus, your way. Yes, you can have it your way, Jesus, your way. [Music] Every time I try to make it on my own. Every time I try to stand and start to fall. All these lonely roads that I have traveled on. There was Jesus. When the life I built came crashing to the ground. When the friends I had were nowhere to be found. I couldn't see it then, but I can see it now. There was Jesus in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting. Like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. every minute, every moment of where I've been or where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it, I couldn't see it. There was Jesus. [Music] There was Jesus. For this man needs amazing kind of grace. For forgiveness at a price I could pay. I'm not perfect. So I thank God every day. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. Oh, and the waiting and the searching and the healing and the hurting. Like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it. In the waiting. In the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it or couldn't see it, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. Oh, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. On the mountains and the valleys, there was Jesus. In the shadows of the alleys, there was Jesus in the fire and in the blood. There was Jesus always is and always was. No. No. I never walk alone. You are always there. Oh, in the waiting and the searching and the healing and the hurting. like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know it, I couldn't see it. There was Jesus. Oh yes, there was Jesus. Oh, in the waiting, in the waiting, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. Every minute, every moment, where I've been, where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it, I couldn't see it. There was Jesus. [Music] There was Jesus. Oh, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. Oh, there was Jesus. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. There was Jesus. [Music] There was Jesus. [Music] [Applause] There was Jesus. There was Jesus. Amen. Aren't you glad you can say there was Jesus and here is Jesus. Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. You've never been out of his care. Amen. So, let's let's just pray together um this morning. If you have a need or you say, "Lord, I want a closer walk with you." Or, "Lord, I want to trust you more. Raise my faith, oh God." Let's pray together. Gracious Father, we just want to say thank you, Lord. We know you here. Lord, that should we go by the way of the grave or the translation, whatever it may be, dear God, we're not meeting someone brand new, Lord. It's not like we've never met you before, Lord. By your grace, you have found us, Lord, you've met us here. We know you, dear God. Father, as you said that my sheep know my voice. I know them by name. I have sheep not of this fold. I must go get they must hear my voice. And there's one shepherd and one fold. Father, thank you, Lord, that when you spoke those words, we were on your mind. Lord, you're thinking of us, dear God, in this time 2,000 years down the road. But yet, Father, your eyes are upon time, dear God, where your children are. So, I pray, Father, as we go out these doors, Lord, I pray you'd put such a confidence, such a rest in our souls and our hearts, dear God. May there be no fear. Father, may this be a faith and a confidence and a love and a joy, Lord Jesus, knowing, Lord, that you're our great shepherd and you're not some passive onlooker, but you're actively working in our lives and you love to be called on the scene. We love to be taken at your word. Father, may we do that in a greater measure, dear God. Father, I pray for everyone here. May you touch each one. Draw everyone closer to you, dear God. Father, continue to work in our lives, Lord. We love you and we thank you so much in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you, friends. I'll turn the service to you, bro, and sing song. Amen. I've got that song. Um, it's an old My beloved is mine and I am His. You got that one up there? Who knows that one? Then you're old. No, I'm joking. [Music] He brought me to his banqueting table and his banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table and his banner over me is love. He brought me to his banqueting table and his banner over me. His love, his banner over me. His love. Well, my beloved is mine and I am his and his banner over me is love. My beloved is mine and I am his and his banner over me is love. My love is mine and I am his and his man over me. His love will man over me is love. I'm safe and secure. I'm safe and secure in the rock of all ages and a banner over me is love. I'm safe and secure in the rock of all ages and his banner over me is love. Well, I'm safe and secure in the rock of all ages. And his banner over me is love. His banner over me is I'm safe and secure. I'm safe and secure in the rock of all ages and his banner over me is love. I'm safe and secure on the rock of all ages and his banner over me is love. I'm safe and secure in the rock of all ages and his banner over me is love. His banner over me is love. My beloved is mine. Oh yes, my beloved is mine and I am his and his manner over me is love. My beloved is mine and I am his and his manner over me is love. My beloved is mine and I am his and his banner over me is love. His man. They say my beloved is mine. One more time. Well, my beloved is mine and I am his and his man over me is love. My beloved is mine and I am his and his banner over me is love. My love is mine and I am his and his battle over me. His love is better over me is love. [Music] [Applause] Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I Oh, no. No. I Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I [Music] of the Lord has done. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there [Music] when he saved my soul. You would have been there when he put my name on the road. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to testify. But I Well, no. Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to testify, but I of what the Lord has done for. You ought to have been there. You ought to have been there when he saved my soul. would have been there when he put my name on the road. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to shout for joy, but I Oh, no. No. Why? Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to shout for joy, but I of what the Lord has done for. You ought to have been there. You ought to be there when he save my soul. You would have been there. You would have been there waiting for my name on the road. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting of what the Lord has done for me. Well, I said I wasn't going to share the message, but I Oh, no. [Applause] Well, I said I Well, I said I wasn't going to share the message, but I of what the Lord has done for me. You ought to have been there. You ought to be there when he save my soul. [Applause] [Music] when he put my name on the wall. And that's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting on what the Lord has done for me. You ought to be there. You are there. [Applause] My soul [Applause] [Music] pray for my name. That's when I start walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting. I wonder one more time. You [Applause] [Music] see my soul [Applause] [Music] my name on the road. That's when I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting on what the Lord has done for me. Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire, fire, fire, fire on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. As on the day of fire fall on me. As on the day of fire on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire, fire on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire on me. As on the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. As on the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Fire. Fire. Fire, fire, fire fall on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me as on the day of Pentecost. Fire fall on me. as on the day of Pentecost. I got my mind I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I will see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I won't see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday show my world I stay no longer with you byes I s I stay no longer with you I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Goodbye world. Goodbye world. I stay no longer with you. Goodbye s. I stay no longer with you. I made up my mind. Go God's way the rest of my life. [Music] I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. As on the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Oh yeah. As on the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. As on the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. As on the day of Pentecost, fire. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Well, I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Amen. Amen. And Lord, we've got our mind made up this morning, Lord. Because we know that, Lord, you're the great shepherd, Lord. And that before we were formed at our mother's womb, you knew us, Lord, you knew us from before the foundation of the world, Lord. And we there was something in us that knew, Lord, we weren't from here. We were from another place. We were from another land. We're we're from another team, Lord. We we're there's something in us that just rejoices in you, Lord, that rejoices in your victories, that just wants to know you more, Lord. So, I just pray that you've I thank you that you've called each one here this morning, Lord. It's a supernatural work that's happening here. It's not just a natural thing. We decide to come here and do this and that, but you're a supernatural God working supernatural things and doing supernatural things in lives, Lord. So, I just commit each heart here to you. May we go away this morning in full assurance of faith and in confidence, Lord, that that that that's not the unknown that we step into, Lord. Even though we haven't been there, but we know you, Lord. I know him by the nail prints in his hand. So, Lord, we just thank you for I thank you for calling each one here this morning supernaturally by your spirit. I just pray you bless each one this morning in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. God bless you all this morning. Let's sing that song. You can like you're dismissed. [Applause] Let's sing that song. I shall know him but you are dismissed. Do we know that one? &gt;&gt; I shall know him. I shall know. I shall know. I shall know as being by his side. I shall stand. I shall know him. I shall know him by the breath of the nails in his hand. Well, I shall know him. I shall know as redeemed by his side. I shall stand. Well, I shall know him. I shall know who him by the grace of the nails in it. Well, I shall know him. I shall know him. I shall know him as redeemed. By his side, I shall stand. I shall know him. I shall know him by the prince of the nails in his hand. I shall know him. I shall know as redeemed by his side. I shall stand. I shall know him. I shall know by the of the nails in his hand. No matter what I see, no matter what I hear from the top. No matter what I see, no matter what I hear, no matter what I feel, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look, it seems like it's broken. I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look, it seems like it's over. Hallelujah. on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. He's miracle working. Whenever I'm weary in the middle of the night, when I can't see the light, I believe. Whenever I'm hurting, when the tears they fall through it all, I believe. [Music] [Applause] And if I look, it seems like it's broken. I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look, it seems like it's over. I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working. God is miracle working. Death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. Oh yes. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. And if my God is for me, then who can stand against me? If my God is for me, he's a miracle working God. [Music]
