################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 010625 - Sunday Morning - Bro Alray Robertson - Alray Robertson - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   010625 - Sunday Morning - Bro Alray Robertson
Speaker: Alray Robertson
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TH0lebrk1oA
========================================

[Music] Thank [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] I am free and not but to Christ. With every breath I long to follow Jesus for I said that he will bring me home and day by day I know you [Music] will stand Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. My not through Christ in me. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Christ in me. Amen. God bless you all. It's good to be here this morning. It's nice to see all the additional faces that we don't see on a on a weekly basis. Amen. I trust this is going to be a a blessed time today. I mean, we've got we've got all day. It is uh it's a public holiday tomorrow. So, relax. And uh you know, and it's it's good. We um for for I'm sure all of you know already. So um you know we have we have our musicians here this morning and Alre is going to preach to us and tonight we have Kina musicians and brother Ben preaching to us but um you know it's not a it's not a competition it's not seeing who can do it better who can preach better song lead better play better. I mean we want to come and put all of that aside and not accept that from from the devil. Amen. Because if we start comparing, start competing, we we've missed it. I mean, we we're breaking down unity. So, you know what I would say, you know, we all struggle with criticism now and then. I'm going to sing some songs wrong that you're like, that's not the way it should go. And I'll say, well, it is the way it go. You're singing it wrong, right? And we can go back and forth. But when we can come behind and say, look, I'm going to support this brother. I'm going to support the musician. I know what it's like to play piano, so I'm going to support her. I know what it's like to play guitar. I'm going to support that person. And we do it vice versa. And then we can we can live in unity. And you know, all that matters is the word and Christ in us, Christ in me, Christ in you. Amen. We're all here as uh John one. Oh yeah, John 1 says, I mean, the word made flesh today. That's each one of us. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. It's good to be here. Let's sing. Let's start to sing before we um actually let's let's commit this this meeting into the Lord's hands. Where's brother is brother Moses here? As brother Moses, do you do you mind if you could come and and just commit this this meeting into the Lord's hands for us, brother? And um while you do that, we also have a prayer request if you don't mind praying for the prayer request. Um uh Pillah's sister Naomi um her husband Yan has broken his leg and he's in severe pain and and needs a healing touch. So there a few complications there, but I mean the Lord can can reach out. Amen. [Music] God bless you all. Praise the Lord. Shall we bow our heads for prayer? Our dear heavenly father, just want to thank you this morning for bringing us into your presence. Father, we pray. Forgive us, Father, of our wrongs and our trespasses. Lord, we remember the prophet father he was praying. He said, "Lord, if you want to look for clean hands, where would you find them?" And he goes on to say, "The only clean hands, Father, you can find is those that you have sanctified." Father, here we stand sanctified, justified. Heavenly Father, we know we are overcomers. Heavenly Father, as we are coming to realize who we are, we thank you, master, and we bless your holy name. You have made it possible today. There was a wedding father in Ghana and Jesus was there. Today I say there's a meeting in pools and Jesus is here. Lord God of heaven we know whatever your presence was there was healing. Father, may when we leave this place, Father, leave it. Father, different people, the sick being healed, the blind seeing, the backsliden picking up themselves, Father, because we are in your presence. Father, we thank you. Even the ministering of the word we didn't come father to hear a man speak. We came heavenly father to hear the lord Jesus Christ borrowing some lips borrowing some hands and ministering unto us. We thank you my master. Thank you father. Bless those who are still on their way coming. And may you bless our time here father. We thank you father for you are always the same yesterday, today and forever. And we thank you for your presence which is right here. Father to doubt your presence is sin because he said wherever two or three of you are gathered in my name I will be there. We thank you master. May you bless the song leader. May bless heavenly father the musicians as we go higher and higher into worshiping you. We love you father in the name of the lord Jesus Christ. Father we thank you. Amen. Thank you very much. Amen. So um I will uh just a few um we'll get the next song ready. We have um just a few announcements um so we can get get into it. These are obviously the emergency exit doors. So if there's any emergency, we'll just gather gather on the grass grass area there. Um there is a mother's room. Now it's a little bit complicated to get to the mother's room. If you have a pram that you need to take to the mother's room, there's a lift two doors down. There's a lift to the right. You got to all the way to the top to level three. And then you'll see there's a deck area just above this. It's like an open air deck. You just walk all the way across and there's a room essentially just above above this stage is a room for the mother's room. Um, alternatively, if you go outside here, there's a door on the outside and you take the stairs all the way to level three. Um, and then there's tea, coffee, you know. No, there's um Yeah. So, mothers can be there. Now, one thing we just want to ask, we do have some gear up there. So, mothers, can you please just just give a quick quick eye of where we've got internet by the Matt Stling internet up there that provides all the internet service for us. So, please don't mess with that. Kids are welcome to go on the deck if you need to them to burn some energy. Um, yeah. Uh, did I miss anything? If you have any questions, you just ask the deacon. All right. I'm sure. Did I miss anything, brother Cub? You I think that's all good, eh? Um Oh, and also, um, there's there's um, Sister K has got some bookmarks that's got some nice quotes and scriptures and things on there. Um now we did place at the back m but what we're going to do is we're going to after the service we'll probably put it down on the base um hemp here afterwards cuz the food will be at the back. So after service anytime you want you come and look at those uh bookmarks and I think you can make uh donation or something. I I don't know how it works but there's a piece of paper that that explains what to do. All right. Awesome. There's going to be a meeting in the air. There's going to be a meeting in the air in the street by and by. I'm going to meet you, meet you all in the morning beyond the sky. All that singing you will hear. Never heard my mortal lies I do declare. And God's song will be leading one in the missing things will be there missing and not missing for the morning have no place at all. There will never be a serious for the sinners that refuse to hear the call. There will be no mourning all over the way we're loved on. There will be no lonely nights of feeding bread. All our burdens and our anguish will be lifted and amazing in the air. All is going to be amazing in the air in the sweet. I'm going to need you to meet you forever in the holy of the sky. I sing you will hear never mortal. will be glorious I do declare and God's your son will be leading one in amazing in the air to be amazing in the That's crazy. [Music] I you won't ever be glorious. I do declare God will be leading one [Applause] sing. You have heard of little Moses in the bull run. You have heard of David and his sleep. You have heard the story told of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah as well. You are to see there are many many others through the Bible. What do I dream? I do declare my sur [Music] [Music] Oh my [Music] go and go son will be living in the air. Amen. Who's going to that meeting? Amen. Oh, God is good all that time. He put a song of praise in the heart of mine. Yes, God is good all that time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. Yes, God is good. God is good all the time. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. And this heart of mine is God is true. All the time will shine. His God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, if you're walking through the valley and there are shadows all around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will give you s. He has promised to never leave you nor forsake you. Oh, and his word is true. God is God is God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we were sinners. So un worthy for us to die. Fill us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and testify. and his love, his everlasting, and his mercy. They will never go crazy. God is good. The dark night will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. So I may not understand all the cries you have for me. My life is in your hand. through the eyes of me. I can really see God. His life is right with God is God is all right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Um we have a um we have a song item soon. Um after the song we've got Amy and Carissa. Um, so if you guys want to kind of close to the end of the song, just make your way up here. And then after that, we have the the um RGT youth as well. Awesome. All right, for those not familiar with the song, this is a good one. Joseph, do you mind just pushing mine just ever so slightly more my voice? I feel like I'm straining it already. All right. [Music] Oh, we are here together to lift our hearts as one. We're in our father's [Music] presence. His spirit is with [Music] us. Let's start again. desert to lift the name of the Lord our God. It is right to give thanks and praise for his heart is overflowing the love for us and his mercy we can never say and each and every morning will tell of his great love for mercy and all that he has [Music] Who can match his kindness? Amen. Who can count his word? Oh, let our praise continue. It is the name of the Lord our God. It is thank for his heart is overflowing for us and his mercy we can never let the name of the Lord our God is right to give thanks and pray for his glory for us we can [Music] Glory to honor with power and strength to our savior Jesus worthy of all praise. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Jesus Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] is the name of the Lord our God [Music] is for God is all for us we can never say it is right to give him thanks and praise it is right to give him thanks and praise [Music] Amen. And uh you can take a seat for a moment. When the best of me is barely breathing. When I'm not somebody I believe in. Hold on to me. When I The night is stolen. When I'm slamming all the doors you've open. Hold on to me, oh Lord. Hold on to me. Hold on to me when it's too dark to see you. When I am sure I ever reach the end. Hold on to me when I forget I need you. When I let go, hold me again. When I don't feel like I'm worth [Music] defending. When I'm tired of all my pretending. Hold on to me. When I start to break in desperation underneath the weight of expectation, hold on to me, oh Lord, hold on to me. Hold on to me when it's too dark to see you. When I am sure I ever reach the [Music] end. Hold on to me. When I forget I need you when I let go. Hold me again. I could rest here in your arms forever cuz I know [Music] nobody loves me better. Hold on to me, oh Lord. Hold on to me. [Applause] I think we need to When all I see is a battle, you see my victory. When all I see is a mountain, you see a mountain moved. And as I walk through the shadows, your love surrounds [Music] me. There's nothing to fear now, for I am safe with you. So when I fight, I'll fight on my knees with my hands lifted high. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. And every fear I away at your feet. I'll sing through the night. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. And if you are for me, who can be against me? For Jesus, there's nothing impossible for you. When all I see are the ashes, you see the beauty. When all I see is the cross, God, you see the empty tomb. So when I fight, I'll fight on my knees with your hands lifted high. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. Every fear I'll lay at your feet. I'll sing through the night. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. Almighty for truth, you go before us. Nothing can stand against the power of our God. You shine in the shadows. You win every battle. Nothing can stand against the power of our God. Almighty fores you go before us. Nothing can stand against the power of our God. You shine in the shadows. You win every battle. Nothing can stand against the power of God. So when I fight, I'll fight on my knees with my hands lifted high. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. And every fear I lay at your feet. I'll sing through the night. Oh God, the battle belongs to you. Oh God, the battle belongs to [Music] [Applause] you. Thank you very much for those two items. And may the Lord richly bless you for them. Shall we sing? My hope is in the Lord. [Music] Oh my hope is in the Lord from list and never my hope is in the [Laughter] Lord forever. Ever [Music] more I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord. [Music] In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. For whom the raging of the seaside, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. My [Music] is [Music] pro [Music] my forever. [Music] Ever stand of mercy comes with every rising sun to be the center is [Music] broken to offer healing and forgive. And those who trust me will find their [Music] heart. [Music] Yeah. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Forever alone. Forever [Music] more. [Music] Hallelu. Oh hallelu. [Music] For the Lord God Almighty [Music] reigns. Hallelujah. Hallelu for the Lord God Almighty reign. [Music] Are you God? Worthy is the Lord. Worthy is the Lord. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh god. What is the [Music] Hallelu. Oh hallelujah. For the Lord God Almighty reign. Hallelu. Hallelu. [Music] For the Lord God Almighty reignal. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Amen. Worthy is the lamb. Amen. Let's just exalt the Lord. Oh, for thou oh Lord, heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart above all the earth. [Music] Thou art exalted high above. Oh God, for thou oh [Music] Lord, high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high heart high above all the [Music] earth thou art exalted far above. Oh God, oh I exalt thee. I exalt thee. I [Music] exalt. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, I [Applause] [Music] Oh. Oh. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. I trust that comes from from our hearts this morning. It's just a really special day, a really special special time. Um remember in that time uh 12 years ago when I became pastor, brother Greg passed me a book called Who Moved My Cheese? And the moral of the story was these mice their lives were upset every time someone made a little change in their lives. So sometimes we as human beings don't like change but let's embrace the change today. It's a little out of our usual comfort zone, I guess. And and uh we just um we just want to come to praise the Lord. We just want to come to uh just have a a time of fellowship and um from brother Ben and myself. I would like to welcome each and everyone this morning and trust that you didn't have to get up too early, but we kind of well some people scored. I guess we can say it that way that don't live too far away, but um trust that we that we all come for the right reason and that we'll just spend some time to uh to fellowship and so on. I also want to want to say thank you for for the sacrifices. Thank you for putting in the time and the effort to come this morning. May God bless you for that. I also want to say a special thank you to brother Dean, brother Moses, brother John for um closing your churches and and joining us today. Just uh just trust that it will be worth it for us today. Amen. Also, just a very brief thank you for so many that's uh done tireless work before the beforehand and I know yesterday there were um Joseph and Mana were here from fairly early till very late last night and Matt and Steven and different ones. So on so many different fronts, there was a lot that happened. Brother Kovalin was here and different ones. So may God bless you for that. Let's turn in your Bibles to Matthew chapter 24. Thank you musicians. God bless you and thank you for those song items. There's something else that I uh forgot to do and that is um where's Joshua Nier? There he is. I think we need to sing happy birthday to him. By the way, is there anyone else whose birthday it is today? Who? There we go. What's your name? Raha. Raha. Okay. Well, let's sing for the two of them together. So, we'll just say happy birthday, dear brother. So, it applies to both. Okay. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, dear brother. Happy birthday to you. Praise the Lord. I mean, we're all family. we can just be ourselves this morning. So, let's turn in ma uh in our Bibles to Matthew 24 and we're going to start from verse 22. He's a clicker of mine. Praise the Lord. So Jesus speaking here and except those days should be shortened, there should no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake those days shall be shortened. We're living in those days. Then if any man shall say unto you, "Lo, here is Christ or there, believe it not." For there shall rise false Christs and false prophets, and shall show great signs and wonders in so much that if it were possible, they shall deceive the very elect. Behold, I have told you before. Wherefore, if they shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he is in the secret chambers, believe it not. For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even unto the west, so shall also the coming of the son of man be. Amen. Let's just pray. Blessed father, we are so thankful, privileged, Lord, for this opportunity to come and fellowship around your word this morning. Amen. Father, and we just welcome you. Oh Lord, I pray for grace, Lord, to step out of the way, Father, so that your Holy Spirit can anoint and use the gift in my life. Father, I pray for my brothers and sisters, each one maybe some streaming different situations, Father. Lord, I pray that each one of us, Lord, will step beside ourselves, Father. that every channel will be open, Father, so that you can speak, Lord, so that you can feed our souls this morning. Father, we just surrender. I pray, Father, that there will be nothing to hinder or distract. Father, I pray that Lord, every complex, every fear, everything, Lord, that's even now possibly trying to work and get in between, Father, will be out of the way, Lord, so that we can receive from you this morning. Father, we just commit the service to you. We ask it in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Praise the Lord. So before I start, I just want to say, you know, we we're a different we we're a different group than we usually are and we come from a few different assemblies. Also hate the fact that I'm so far away from you. I like to be able to be close and uh and not not so far. And so this is in itself a little um awkward. I guess the other thing is and I'll just as I say be myself. This pullpit's angle is so high that my tablet is sliding off all the time. So hopefully I don't drop it. So praise the Lord that that trust that the Lord will help. Um but I I want to say this that um you know we we all come from different backgrounds, different makeups, different mindsets, different things. And um you know, we all look at the word slightly different. Um and and I want to say this morning, you know, maybe I'll say things using different terminology or coming from a different perspective than than what you say. And and all I'll say is like the prophet says, you know, if you're eating chicken, if you hit a bone, well, spit the bone out and keep on eating chicken. Don't throw the whole chicken away. But I'll also say, as the prophet says, make sure it's a bone, though. Amen. So, we just we just want to be ourselves and we just want to have the Lord um have his his way with us this morning. Um so, the Lord has really pressed on my heart over the last two or three days to uh to share this thought, and it's it's a simple thought. I'll pre-warn you with that. But um we are simple people and and brother Brandham quoted so many times how you know how God said in his word, it was hidden from the wise and prudent but revealed to babes. And I'm so thankful that the Lord has revealed the things to us. And the revelation makes it so simple. Amen. So, I'll pick this up by speaking about how God spoke through prophets over the years and God inspired them to write scriptures and God captured his word. But his word really is his eternal thoughts that was expressed in word form or in logos form. And as God spoke more and as God revealed more, what God was doing is he was showing a little more of his redemption plan. And as the years and the ages rolled on, God revealed a little more and a little more and a little more. And and it's just beautiful how, you know, God in everything he does, he reveals who he is. He expresses some of his attributes. I always love to think about the thought that, you know, when we speak about God and our relationship to God as husband and wife and we see so many beautiful types and we so see, you know, so much about God and about his character and, you know, how he relates to us and so on. But then we we flip that around and we see how we are the child and he's the father and it's the same relationship and it's the same thing. But what God does is he uses all these things to let us show a little more of himself. So when we relate to him as our our abba our heavenly father then then we relate to him maybe in slightly different ways than what we would relate as as wife to husband and different things. So in everything that God does as God created as God spoke as God you know prepared the the earth and all those things God reflected his attributes and showed us really who he is and of course in our day who we are. So even little things like God created the earth in six days and on the seventh day he rested and even in those things God gave us clues about his redemption plan and about his plans for the future. Yeah. And and when mankind fell in Eden, God God had had made this statement. God had given the commandment if you eat of this tree that day you eat thereof that day you will die. So when mankind fell, God had to keep his promise. God had to hold what he promised. And he's promised that day you will die. So from that time onwards, no man lived through his thousand years because remember a thousand years is a day with God. And even Methuselah, the man that lived longest on record, never got quite to that thousand years time. Amen. But so now if we look at the creation week, creation week in itself also shows the week of time I will call it or or whatever you want to call it. But it's so beautiful to see how 2,000 years or two days it was the flood. Another two days the cross. Another two days that's where we're at. And we're at the point where the earth would be burnt by fire and cleaned off by fire. And then after that we're going to the seventh day where God rests again. and this time he will rest with his bride. And what's so beautiful even in those things even though it's so so simple God showed us in our day so that we can have the perspective that it was actually the redemption of the earth that was happening because after two two days the earth was justified. After another two days, the earth was sanctified. And then this is the time when the the the falling of the Holy Ghost is coming on the earth where the earth is cleansed by fire. Amen. And then back into eternity with God again. So when the fall happened in Eden, God promised already in that time the seed of the woman would come. And and then for years and years and years I I always my human mind can't quite fathom that because you know we read in the Bible of of all those stories in the Old Testament and how those people just lived and you know you read about Abram he was just you know probably working for his father who made idols and you know he was just going about his business and God came on the scene and God called him and and and we read about the Davids and we read about the Josephs and we read about all those different ones but in each one of those lives God was writing a story. God was showing a little bit about himself. God was pointing forward to to the reality of the type. Amen. The antitype of the type that would come. So through the lives of those people, through the feasts, through the things that God showed about himself in the Old Testament, through the sacrifices, through the laws, through all those things. Amen. God was pointing forward to an answer to that that would come. the Messiah, the full word, the expression of the word, the word in flesh that would come. And then when Jesus came, he was the fulfillment of those things. He was he was the answer to all those prophecies. He was the answer to the feast. He was the answer to, you know, all those different types and shadows in the Old Testament. And we can say he was the bridegroom coming of the son of man or the first coming of Christ. And and he like I said, he was the fulfillment of so many scriptures. And he was the flesh expression of the thoughts that were in God who became word who became flesh. Amen. So you know the Bible records even you know where he would be born in Bethlehem and and those things but it was done in a mystery form. Amen. And and the Bible records how you know out of Egypt I will call my son. And even there the the people never put two and two together I believe. And but when you know when when all those little babies were killed and and and Joseph and Mary was told by an angel to go take him away and he went to Egypt and all those things. All those things were recorded so beautifully and Isaiah prophesied about him and and you know so many prophecies in the Old Testament. But when he came they missed him. when he came perfectly in line with the mind of God, with every prophecy, with every type, with every offering, with all those sacrifices, all those things, he came perfectly in line, but they missed him. And very simply, they missed him. They even called him Beelzebub because they had a preconceived idea of what it would be like. Amen. They crucified the very one that came for their redemption. The very redemption plan that he was playing out over the over the ages. Amen. For their deliverance. Those very ones, they crucified him. Hallelujah. They missed him completely. So sad. And after Jesus's ascension, he took John to the aisle of Patmas and he dictated to him the road map for the future. And what he was doing is he was laying out the road map, I'll call it the road map for the new testament or the new covenant, the new agreement. Amen. Amen. So it shows us how in the New Testament. So so what is so beautiful God recorded in the book of revelation he wrote those letters to the seven churches and in those letters to the seven churches he showed how those church ages would play out over the next 2,000 years. But the situation is if you asked for someone in Ephesus, you know, do you know you're in the Ephesian church age? They would have said no clue. No idea. They had no idea where they were. Smyrna, Pergamos, all the way. Amen. They had no idea where they were at. But yet God prophesied it perfectly. God described to a tea the nature of the age, the things that would happen in the age. All those typologies and stuff that we can only in this day look back and see yes, that's where how it worked and you know this is the age where it fell and this is the age where Satan seed moved and you know all those different things played out. We are so privileged brothers and sisters. Amen. Yeah. And so throughout the New Testament, all those things that God prophesied beforehand played out. But God didn't just stop there. He didn't just show seven church ages. God also then went to another level and he showed the the anointings. Amen. God showed what the what the attributes would be behind the the spirit would be behind those different church ages. God showed who the the messengers to those church ages would be. all those different things. Amen. Hallelujah. God showed it so beautifully. I I just read the other day and I shared the quote in church how brother Rams, you know, he says we need the church ages as a foundation, but the church ages just gives us the history of the church. He says, but then the seals come come on top of that and it shows us the spirit behind it. And it it shows us really the battle plan. It shows us, you know, what happens happened behind the scenes be the spirit that that that work behind those things. Praise the Lord. And then brother Random says it goes from there to the trumpets and the vials and different things. And what it continually doing is it's just showing more of God and more of God and more of God. But now remember I spoke about the Old Testament. All those things built up to Jesus. But in the New Testament, God is leaving a whole lot of clues because God is building up to something again. Amen. Hallelujah. We can also look at it in this way. The stature of a perfect man. And I and I trust, you know, that we're all on the same page with these things. You know, some people might draw it slightly differently and so forth. And and I'm I'm going to share things and I and I started off with that. I'm going to share things today that, you know, maybe some of you see slightly differently, but but don't don't take it as yay and amen. Take it before the Lord if if there's differences and so forth. So, let's just let's just go back to that timeline again. I mentioned that. I'm just going to graphically show it how the spirit behind those different ages. Amen. So Satan's attack, Satan's main focus in those different ages, how in those early ages, he came in as that antichrist spirit, that deceptive spirit, the spirit that looks good but twists the word and so forth. That's how Satan always start. And then how over time he he that that same riot got on the red horse which now created war and he was you know caused fighting and all those kind of things. And then after a while under the under the next ages then he he changed the horse colors again. And then he was on this this this black horse which was what? Control. Amen. And that's how Satan always does. He does it in families. He does it in individuals. He did it through the ages. Deception, fighting, control. And what he aims for eventually is that pale horse of death which brother Ram shows us he's a mixture of all those other horses together. But praise the Lord the story doesn't stop there. Before because brother Ram quotes the scripture I think it's in Isaiah so many times when the enemy comes in like a flood the spirit of God raises up a standard against it. So when that those horse riders were riding, before the horse riders came there, before that white horse rider got there, there was already a lion. Hallelujah. God had already given a lion anointing, a lion power on the church of those early ages. Hallelujah. So that so that that lion could withstand everything. That lion had everything it needed. The church under that power, under that anointing of the lion had everything that they needed to overcome anything the deception of the white horse could throw at them. And the same thing when when the when the enemy changed horses and he became that red horse and he started fighting. Amen. Never fight a red horse with a red horse. Amen. God's response was not to fight back. God's response was a a ox sacrificial animal. I mean a burdenbearer. Amen. That's God's response to that that red horse, that attack. And then when when when Satan changed horses and he tried to control again and control doctrine and control dogma and all those things, God raised up a man's spirit against it. And in our day, when all those things come together, God raised up that that eagle anointing and we believe we're under that eagle anointing. Again, brothers and sisters, I come back to this point over and over and over. And that's really going to be my theme this morning. We are so privileged because we're not living in darkness anymore. We're not living in a time when the church is just going through the motions, but you know, we we we don't have perspective. We've got perspective. Remember what I said at the start? God showed us a map. Amen. God showed us a map of where the church was going to go in the New Testament. Hallelujah. Today, we can look back and we can see this is how the map mapped out over time. Or if we look at it from the pyramid perspective, this is how that that panned out. Hallelujah. But there's so many more things throughout the Bible and we can spend probably days on these things, but I'm just going to refer to one or two. You read in the Old Testament of Joel. Now, it says that bright tree was going to be eaten down and was going to be restored. Hallelujah. Even in the Old Testament, years and years and years before even Jesus was on the scene, God already prophesied through Joel how that that brery, how that that seed would have to die and go into the ground first and then through through several stages be restored back again. Hallelujah. God, do you know God actually through Joel prophesied the reformation process. Amen. When Joel said, "Thus say the Lord, I will restore." God's thinking included Martin Luther, John Wesley, brother Brandham. Amen. Because that's the process by we by which he was going to restore the bride. God had put those clues throughout the Bible. But for years and centuries, brothers and sisters, people had no idea what was happening. They were just going through the motions. They were just, you know, in the time when, you know, when when that red horse was going, they were just, you know, going and and being killed at the stake and burnt and fed to lions and all sorts of things. They didn't know in perspective what we have today why they were going through those things. Can you imagine a thousand years, generation after generation after generation after generation just completely hunted and and and and and pushed out from society and disrespected and disowned. And yet the wonderful thing is there was a group that was anointed by that ox anointing and God kept them. And the more pressure the the the the Catholic Church put on them, hallelujah, the more God kept them through those things. And and I want to say, brothers and sisters, it couldn't have been easy for them to go through all those trials. Hallelujah. But God gave them the anointing to cope with it. God gave them the peace in the middle of that storm. It wasn't that it wasn't a storm. It absolutely was a storm, but God kept them in that storm. Amen. So now also God I I referred to the reformation process. And again the beautiful thing is the reformation process in itself types the rebirth again. Amen. Justification under Luther that's the first step of the rebirth process and then sanctification under Wesley and then the the Holy Ghost in in this last age. And in the middle you have the restoration of the gifts too. But the process, brothers and sisters, is showing so beautifully the the the how God reforms the church, re reestablishes the church again, brings that bride, that bride tree back to the fullness of the life that went into the ground in the first place 2,000 years ago. And the point I'm making, brothers and sisters, I want to bring it back to the map now. God is drawing has drawn. In fact, the map was drawn in God's mind before the foundation of the earth. But God gave us clues. God dropped clues through the centuries of his map how the bride tree would be restored back and so forth. So I just want to hone in on one or two things here. So in our age we we are so privileged to to have experienced prophecy. I I I want to say in an unparalleled way a prophecy being fulfilled. We've we've you know we we can read in the Bible about you know uh in Revelation chapter 4 when when John hears that voice come up higher. Amen. But in our day it's more than just okay we read it John heard a voice come up higher. No in our day brothers and sisters we experienced it. Amen. We see the fulfillment of those things. Prophecy is now history. As I always say, we don't read the book of mystery anymore. We read the book of Revelation. God has revealed it in our day. Yet, for nearly 2,000 years, I mean, people read the book of Revelation and and people wrote thesis on it and people try to figure it out and they misplaced it completely. But in our day, God has just opened it so much and he's revealed it to us. Amen. And I want to say this, God is still revealing it to us. And and before you get upset with me, I believe God revealed these things to the prophet as much as he wanted to reveal to the prophet. And that's not the point. The point is God is still revealing it to the individual. There's so many things the prophet preached that we're only starting to see today. Hallelujah. So now to come back to the graphic now. So we've got the seven church ages there. Then in our age, the bride is called up into the bride age. Here's where I might get in trouble with some, but I trust not. Amen. The bride is called up into the bride age. So, we refer to what happened over the 2,000 years as the church ages. But the bride age is not another church age. Amen. The bride age is not a eighth age. It's not a new day. If it was the eighth age, well then we need to start looking for eighth messenger. But we run out of we run out of types in the Bible when we start looking for eighth age for eighth messenger. Amen. The bride age is a age within an age. And we can hear this terminology and then we think, oh my goodness, age within an age and it becomes a cliche. But the reality is, brothers and sisters, it's still here. This building was built by Ladyia. Go out the front door, you see Ladyia. Amen. You upset someone in the street, you experience Lady. Right. But the bride is called up. Hallelujah. Amen. So the bride, we have the privilege, brothers and sisters, that in our day, we are you. You see, when brother Brandham drew out those those seven pictures of the church ages, he sat with a conundrum. Amen. Because he said, I gave it a little bit of light. But when God drew it on the back of the of the tabernacle, he drew the seventh one completely dark. But you see, that's showing what the what the church was like. But the bride, she's in go. I mean, the bride is not in Lotus here. The bride, and I'm speaking spiritually now, don't mix the physical and the spiritual. Now, the bride, brothers and sisters, was called up into that into that bride age. And we are walking in the light. We are walking in go. Hallelujah. Like brother Ram says so many times so beautifully at the top of the tree. Hallelujah. He says the fruit ripens the quickest at the top of the tree. Hallelujah. And we in that time when the fruit ripens the quickest as we've been called up higher. We're living in go. I trust that you live in goan brothers and sisters. So again I'm going to take you to the pyramid. Now, there's some things here that over the years and and and I'll just say this is how I believe it. If you believe it slightly differently, that's between you and the Lord. But there's a time when the anointing goes from man to eagle. There's a there's a time we refer to that time as the change of administration or the change of anointing. The power on the bride of the age changes and that happened in this age. In this age in inside of Ladyia the anointing on the bride changed from man to eagle. Now, for years and years and years when I drew that picture, I drew the eagle on the seventh uh in the in Lucia, but that's not how I see it anymore. There was a transition inside Lodia time wise from man to eagle. And we want to make a distinction now. The church ages we know was under a son of God anointing. I hope this is not jumping into deep too quickly. The church ages was under the son of God anointing. But the eagle is exclusively for the bride age. Yes. Now, now here's where the confusing confusion comes in. Lotusa is still running physically speaking. So, you you're kind of superimposing the headstone over Lotusia in a way. I hope I'm not bringing confusion. You're getting very quiet. Hopefully, you're listening. Praise the Lord. But brothers and sisters, it's so important to understand. Amen. that the bride has turned the corner. Amen. And and and I want to say this, we've experienced a prophet who who ministered who had a worldwide ministry, but he ministered under two anointings. There was a part of his of his ministry where he still ministered under the man anointing, right? The eagle anointing, it's hard to even put it in words. The eagle anointing did not fly in Loduceia, but it flew in the time of Lucia. You understand what I'm saying? The eagle anointing is associated with a capstone only. Even though Leicia time wise is still going on. Hallelujah. So the eagle anointing is specifically associated with the opening of the book with the opening of the word in the bride age and that is when Christ the headstone came down to the body crying grace grace in the old testament uh example and in the new testament example the mighty angel came down same ex same same exact event. Amen. The mighty angel coming down, the capstone coming down. Amen. Headstone on the body. And we know because of Revelations 10 that the seventh earthly messenger is on earth when that happens. Amen. So when that capstone comes onto the pyramid, the seventh angel is on earth. Yes. So, I'm going to go back to what I said earlier. When that capstone comes down, the the anointing on that seventh messenger changes from man to eagle. I think you're on board. Praise the Lord. Now, there's another implication of this. If I take it a step further, the first and second pool of brother Brandham's ministry was under a man anointing, a church age anointing, a son of God anointing. That's true. So, some guys get really exc upset when I say this, so I trust you don't. But the healing services were not an expression of the eagle anointing. The discernment services were not an expression of the eagle anointing. Those services was still under the man anointing. It was still in a church age anointing. That's true. Amen. only the third pull when the word opened when the focus now now again maybe this is controversial to some and maybe some get religiously upset if I say this but I don't believe brother Bham even saw immediately what was going on there because you read you know after the seals where brother Banham is expecting a new way of healing for the third pull it's very clear and and he makes statements like well maybe it will happen this and and and and God supernaturally changed that ministration. God supernaturally anointed his prophet now under the eagle anointing. He was already work walking in it. He had already opened the seals. He was already preaching the seventh seal completely open. Hallelujah. But the man part of him was still expecting because it went from from signing the hand to the discernment. He was expecting a new wave or a new way of healing. Hallelujah. And that was again I get myself in trouble here but praise the Lord. It's important we see these things brothers and sisters. I know this is not an evangelistic service but I believe it's going to help us. Now of course what I want to say is it's important to understand God has lap over times. You know if you look out in nature you don't sew a seed in the morning and the next day it's not jacked in the beantoalk. Amen. It just grows organically. and and with God also there's lap over times you know it's just nothing today and tomorrow everything it doesn't work like that amen so we understand that but again just to be very explicit with these things and and don't don't misquote me now if we have to put a date there when that change of administration happened I will say February March 1963 now remember I've I've I've preempted that by saying it's not just boom right there's his lapover periods. But but in in 1963, God changed the anointing on his prophet. Amen. But now there's some interesting implications of this. If we look at the end of 1962, brother Bram, you know, remember he saw the the the was it the dream or vision of the, you know, the the constellation of angels and so forth and he was really rattled by that and he preached, "Is this the time of the end, sir?" And when brother Brandon was preaching that that sermon, now remember 30 December 1962 before the opening of the seals obviously because you know it was after that we actually had the experience and then he went back to the tabernacle and so forth. But brother Brandham in that message 1962 under the man anointing he made these statements. So what he does is he lists the mysteries or the loose ends that were restored. Can you know you know where I'm going with this? He says the serpent seed that's been a hidden mystery all through the years. The grace straightened out. Not disgrace but real to true grace. Not such a thing as a eternal burning hell. You'll burn for millions of years but anything that was eternal had never had a beginning or an end and hell was created. All these mysteries and he continues listing more. the mystery of the baptis baptism of the Holy Ghost without sensation but the person of Christ performing in you the same works that he did. Then he says the mystery of water baptism where the extreme trinitarianism has brought it into titles of father son and holy ghost and the mystery of the godhead being fulfilled in the baptism of the name of Jesus Christ according to the book of revelation that the church in this time was to receive. He says, "There is some of the mysteries." Now, end of 62, those things were clear. They were revealed. Under the man anointing. Okay, I don't get many amens. Do you agree what I'm saying? Okay, praise the Lord. So, so now think about this. Now it was not under the eagle anointing when those loose ends from the previous ages were called together and where those things were revealed. So those things were revealed under the first and second pool under the man age or church age anointing. So let's think about that now. the foundational doctrines. Now, you know, most of the time if someone asks you, well, what is the message? Well, I trust you past the point where you say long hair and long dresses. But then people say, well, baptism in Jesus' name, um, you know, serpent seed and so forth, some of those foundational quotes. Okay? Well, I'm going to challenge that today. Now I want you to understand you know I can so easily be misunderstood here. Those things are important. I am not for one moment you know wiping any of that off off of the table. Those are still the foundational basis of the things we believe. But really those are foundational things about actually about God's word in general about the gospel. Right. And and also today because God has taken us a step further than you know than Pentecost, than Wesley, than than than Luther, we don't wipe those things off. We still believe the just shall live by faith. Amen. We still believe the blood of Christ sanctifies us and he cleans us and we're washed by the waters of the word. We still believe in all those things. We still believe in the gifts in the church. We still believe that that, you know, God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. We don't throw away everything. We believe all that plus. Amen. Amen. So, so you know when when I make these statements, please don't think I'm saying, well, we've moved beyond that, so you know, disregard those things. This is not what we're saying. So those truths, so so here's a big statement, but I believe it. Those mysteries that brother Brandham listed there were restored under a Pentecostal age. Okay, I see the wheels turning for many. It was under son of God anointing. It was in a church age anointing. It was not under the bride age. Amen. So therefore, it is part of what happened in Pentecost. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now, I'm either painting myself into a corner here or there's something we need to see. So, now, Brother Brandham refers to the the seed that had to go into the ground and go back into seed again. He says, "The first corn of wheat, the bridegroom, had to fall into the earth in order to rise again. So that the first bride that was born at Pentecost had to go through that dark ages like any other seed be buried. They had to die. They must do it. So now he's just speaking about, you know, he's really referring to the bride tree that had to, you know, die, go into the ground and and bring forth. Again, it's the parallel thing here. They had to die. They must do it. But it started sprouting again in Luther in the first reformation. It didn't look like the seed that went in, but it was the light of that day. The stalk then went on into the tassel Wesley and from the tassel it went into Pentecost. The shock. Okay, don't get offended. The prophet calls it the shock. What happens to the shock? Gets burnt. In the rapture message, Brother Brham makes this statement. He says, "From that come on up into the tassel, which was John Wesley, the great missionary age. It dropped back out of there. Come that deceiving age, the Pentecostal age. Okay. So, I trust I'm taking you along with me. I trust that your walls are not up yet. Amen. Keep on eating chicken. Praise the Lord. So, so now, Brother Brandham calls it the shock and now he's calling it the deceiving age. Now, he's not referring to when the when, you know, the Holy Ghost was poured out on the day of Pentecost 2,000 years ago. He's speaking about the Pentecostal age or Ladya, right? That church age. Brother Ram says in another place he says, "Then along come the Pentecostals in the shock so much to deceive the elected." Strong statements, man. Pentecost to deceive the elected looked like a real grain of wheat. Open it up, there's no wheat at all. Let let me just say it straight out. It looked like the word was restored, but it wasn't. It wasn't back to the original seed, the spoken word. Again, there was a lot of noise. There was a lot of manifestations. There was a lot of stuff that went on. There was also a lot of copying. There was also a lot of false. I'm not saying everything is false. Don't misquote me now. But brothers and sisters, Pentecost and the Pentecostal experience, Brother Benham, actually when I say the Pentecostal experience, I'm not speaking about the true original one. Amen. But I'm speaking about under the the Lodessian Pentecostal expression. That's deceptive. Look like a real grain of wheat. Open it up. There's no wheat at all. But the life passing through the shock. Amen. Amen. So listen that deception that deceptive age brother Bham he actually he he's he's basically saying that that experience under lossia would be so close that it would deceive the very elected if it was possible. I love how he says it here. See here now how close she is. Close enough to deceive. Luther the stalk, Wesley the tassel, and Mary the shock or the womb or Pentecost. Amen. See how he calls causes it now? The shuck, the womb, Pentecost. It's so close. Remember the shuck is that little womb that the seed is being formed in. It's the environment. It's the safety. It's the place where the seed must form. But if you just look at the womb and there's no seed in there, I mean, then it's deceptive. Then you think, well, maybe maybe there's something. Well, maybe it's growing. Brother Ram says you can open that chuck up and you can take a a microscope. He says, I can't remember, you know, 100 times microscope or something. And he says, you can't see any seed in there. Hallelujah. Under Pentecost. So, so think about this now. bride today 2025 Pentecost so close it would deceive the very elected if possible. Now raise your hands. How many of you would be deceived easily by TD Jake, Joel Ostein, Joseph Prince, Benny Hinn, Joyce Meyers, Cre Flow dollar. Come on. Anyone think about this now? Pentecost deception today. Now, I hope those are not your favorite preachers. But there's something deeper in this than just thinking the charismatic movement. Yes. Those things are so obviously wrong. You know, if I accidentally sat on my remote and I saw a Joyce Meyers, you know, thing pop up on on on YouTube on my screen at home, it's not going to deceive me. Amen. Why? Because there's just no life in there. And I say that respectfully, brothers and sisters. Those things are so obviously wrong to the bride standing in the light of the word because it's money chasing. It's watered down. It is psychology. It is signing. It is not even a distraction. There's no there's no temptation there. There's no deception there. Amen. So, this is the part that is really sensitive. And I want you to open your heart before the Lord this morning. Pinch yourself. Brother Ram says, "Put your spiritual thinking caps on. The deception is closer." Amen. And and I and I want to say this carefully and with reverence, and don't misquote me or quote what I'm not saying, but you can believe the first and second pull of this message and be still under a Pentecostal anointing. Right? You can. There's where the deception comes in. Remember I showed you I showed how all those things were were already revealed under the man anointing. It was under Pentecost where all those truths were restored. It was it was it was under Lodia. It was under the church age anointing. It was under the man anointing where brother revealed serpent seed. God sent a prophet, right? You can believe God sent a prophet, brothers and sisters, but re re uh refuse to go on with the open word, refuse to go into the capstone, refuse to go under the eagle anointing, refuse to go into the bride age, refuse to come into go and remain in the darkness. I know this is strong words, my friends, and I'm not criticizing brother Brandham. I'm not nothing, don't get me wrong. But we can stay behind and be caught in darkness. And there's the deception. Amen. And you can say God sent a prophet and you can quote serpent seed. You can understand the the the baptism in Jesus name and and all those things. The the guided in the right way and still be deceived, stay behind. Hallelujah. The deceiving Pentecostal age is a lot closer than I think we've thought before. We can believe Jesus Christ is the same yesterday and today and forever. We can believe the sign in the hand. We can believe the discernment. We can say he was a prophet. We can say it was a vindicated prophet. We can even quote the prophet. Hallelujah. Trust us, he's not making you uneasy unless the Holy Spirit needs to make you uneasy this morning. But that's still all under the restoration of the gifts. Remember when that angel came to brother Brandham the angel did not say you'll receive three gifts the angel said like Moses you will have two signs and those two signs is not so that everyone can rally around the signs. Amen. God did not gave Moses those two signs so that you know every time Moses go through the camp so that someone can say ah brother Moses I'm having a bad day just show me the sign again. Okay Moses put his hand in the bosom get the stick throw the stick. No. Amen. When the sign vindicated the word for their day, brothers and sisters, they should look away from the sign and look at where the sign was pointing. Hallelujah. Brother Brown preaches the message, the voice of the sign. Amen. God showed the sign so that we can hear the voice. And what did the voice say? Come up higher. Amen. The voice said, "Come up higher, my bride. Come away from Egypt. Come into Goan. Come away from Lotus here. Come into the bride age." Amen. Don't stay in the first and second pool. Come into the third pool. Come into the open word. Amen. And we're not we're not rallying around the sign the whole time. We're not rallying around. Praise the Lord. Oh, the healings are amazing. They were amazing. Absolutely. I'm not taking away from it. You understand what I'm saying? Amen. But we're not rallying around those things. God has given us those things to vindicate. That is where my word is flesh today. Hallelujah. God vindicated the message that would follow and he told us to believe the voice of the sign. Now I want to take that a step further. You can believe serpent seed grace. No such a thing as eternal hell. Baptism of the Holy Ghost. Water baptism. You can believe all those things, brothers and sisters. You can say, "Well, I'm in the message." And again, I it's impossible to humanly divide this. So, I just trust that the Holy Spirit will do that for you. But I don't want to say if you say, "I'm in the message because I believe those things." Well, maybe 50 years ago, you would have been in the message. Remember, because even though Brother Brham preached the the seventh seal open and brother Brandham revealed those things so beautifully, to the individual, those things were still mysteries. And it took years and years and years and years and years for God to slowly open up more and open up more and open up more. Amen. And there was a time where God winked at the ignorance of those things. Hallelujah. There was a time when all you needed was God sent a prophet. But that time is not today. The message has moved on. The revelation has moved on. God has given us more. Hallelujah. And and brothers and sisters, I will say it's a sin today to to refuse to go on with more when God has given more. Hallelujah. Because that's exactly the same with the with the seven church ages. Hallelujah. When God showed more in in Wesley's age to remain under under Lutheran saying, "No, I have the message for age and I'm happy with you and I'm not going to move on." If they did not move on with the light, they were kickabot. Amen. When when Wesley's light came on and the more light was given, Amen. to stay in in in Luther's message would have been Kabot. There was no life there. The the the glorious departeth and I'm saying this fearfully this morning because I don't want to be blasphemous in these things, brothers and sisters. But we can say God sent a prophet, serpent, seed, and all those mysteries. And I want say if that's where you stay, the glory is departed. The glory is now moved into a place where the bride is caught up into a union with Christ. And you cannot no longer stand and rally around God sent a prophet, God sent a prophet, God sent a prophet, and just quoting what the prophet says. Hallelujah. That personal individual revelation of the seventh seal which calls us personally up into the union with Christ, that's what we need for this hour. Hallelujah. And that's what the eagle anointing is. That's what we get in this age. That's where the overcoming power lies today to understand who we are. Amen. To get the revelation of who we are in him. Hallelujah. So if you say, I'm in the message because I believe those things. Wrong. Wrong answer. Amen. That is not where life is lying today. It's deception. And it's so close it could deceive the very elected if it was possible. Amen. Trust that I'm not hurting anyone's feelings here, brothers and sisters. Amen. If we refuse the bridegroom is here, if we refuse that the seventh seal is open, if we refuse to believe that we're in the rapturing process, if we refuse to believe the mighty angel has come down and has handed the book to the prophet and that that the mighty angel, I mean, that Christ, the three-fold mystery of God has been revealed to us. If we refuse to eat that book to go on with the word to become the book, Amen. If we refuse those things, we're in the shock. Amen. Not seed. I'm not saying that you are not seed, but you need to move on into the seed. Amen. Come up into the capstone. Hallelujah. Amen. That still puts you under a man anointing. You can't claim to be under the eagle anointing and still say, "Today, the seventh seal is closed. I'm sorry." You cannot. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Now, now there's something else I want to say, and this is something that I realized the church uh over the last few months. We've had questions and answers on on Wednesday nights. Um my church is here, so so they would be witness to those things. And what I realized in so many of the questions that were answered is that there were scarecrows. There's so many scarecrows where over the years as God revealed things, there were so many people, don't believe perusia, don't say perua or don't say thunders, it's a bad thing, right? And there were so many scarecrows. There were so many, oh, don't believe that because then you're going to go off in that deep end and don't believe that because and people gather all these scarecrows so that people are eventually so afraid to believe the open word because somebody 20 years ago said, "Don't believe that." But it was not open to that somebody 20 years ago. And maybe God showed that somebody afterwards, but they never had the opportunity to come back to you and say, "Well, I God showed me more." But I want to say, brothers and sisters, God has given us more today. Hallelujah. May God give us grace. May God break down those scarecrows. Amen. We are so scared to believe the word. We're so scared because, oh, this one has warned me about that brother and this one has warned me about that doctrine. And amen. The Holy Spirit will lead us. He's the inner teacher. Amen. And I want to say, brothers and sisters, cry out with me. Lord, I want everything you have for me. Brother Ram says, "Pray for revelation more than anything else." Hallelujah. Let's move on. Brother says, "Man always gives God praise for the things he did in the past, look forward to the things he will do in the future, but miss what he's doing today. And today is no different. 2024 is no different." Amen. Many times us as people, we place things into the future. Hallelujah. Hey, listen. If you just to make this really practical, those Pharisees, those scribes, those people in in Jesus's time, the Messiah was there, but they were looking for the Messiah. Amen. They were putting it in the future. This can't be the Messiah. We're looking for the Messiah. No. When the holy one will come, he will, like brother Rand describes, he will roll out a red carpet and he will come with the angelic choir and the trumpets blowing and would walk down and say, "Caosis, here I am." Amen. That's the picture that they had. They might not have said it in many those words, but that's subconsciously the idea that they had. And we've got the same problem today. Amen. man makes up uh ideas or we bring ideas from our family culture, our church culture, the churches we come back from. Sometimes we get ideas just by reading a children's Bible. I'm not against children's Bibles at all. I benefited hugely by by mom reading us from the children's Bible as kids. I'm still thankful to God for those things today. But sometimes some of those pictures give us a wrong mental impression and without knowing it we hold on to those things for years and years and years and we try and fit that in and fit that in and fit that in until God comes and breaks down those those stones and to remove them so that we can see actually that stone in one of those bottom layers is wrong. And then God needs to remove that stone and replace it with a right stone and then the building can go on. Hallelujah. Amen. God promised the Messiah would come. God prophesied it through so many prophets and so forth. And when Jesus came in perfect fulfillment in of that prophecy and every promise, the very people who were looking for him to come, the chosen nation of God, I mean, the people who dedicated their lives to studying the Torah, who were singing the Psalms in the temple, like brother Ram says, they were singing David's psalm in the temple. My God, my God, why? All those things. And Jesus was doing the reality on the cross and they missed it because they were expecting it differently. Amen. They missed him because he didn't come according to their interpretation. They wanted God to fit in their box into their understanding into their intellectual interpretation of how it was supposed to come. And we do the same. Amen. The very people of God missed the first coming of the son of man because of their interpretation of the message. And obviously I'm saying that as a type of today. Instead of just believing the message, they try to run ahead of God and figure out how it was supposed to happen before it happened. I mean, but what does brother Brandham show us so clearly? God reveals his word by bringing it to pass. Amen. So all we can do, brothers and sisters, is eat the word and relax. And the Holy Spirit will reveal to us. He sovereignly reveals to us. Amen. His thoughts are higher than our thoughts. I mean, God's ways are higher than our ways. And with our human thinking, we could never reach up into prophet prophecy and interpret it right with our human reasoning. We cannot. Amen. We will always misinterpret it. But God is his own interpreter and he will bring it to pass exactly as he saw it before the foundation of the earth. And no matter how much we try to interpret it for him, he's not obliged to come come according to our interpretation. He's only committed to his original plan. Hallelujah. So you know what that does? It takes off all the pressure. Amen. Sometimes you know even ministers we sometimes put pressure on one another to understand something or come up with the goods or you know what do you think about this or what do you think about that and sometimes it's lovely to to you know sit and discuss and fellowship and say well I think maybe it can be it looks like and so forth and there's nothing wrong with that brothers and sisters but always leave a comma after your statement and say but God can change me God can give me more understanding and so forth because he is the interpreter and he will bring it to us. Hallelujah. One of our biggest struggles is our denominational interpretations that we brought with us. And sometimes it's is it's just sometimes there's natural cultures that influence these things or or you know all sorts of influences on our life. Sometimes it's just our makeup and so forth. And what we do, it's like every other person in the world, they do exactly the same thing. You surround yourself by people who agree with what you say, right? So then if me and my little groupy, we all say the same thing, then it's got to be right because everyone says it. No, it's just everyone in your groupy, right? That's how it that's I mean, Google knows how to work this. Amen. Satan knows how to play this game. And in the meanwhile, he's dividing and conquering because he's building up all sorts of groupies. Let's ask the Holy Spirit to break down those little groupies. Let's all just align with the word. And when we come to a place where we recognize, I was wrong. Praise the Lord. He showed me more. Not I'm going to defend it because of my pride. But that's what we do unfortunately so often. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just speak of some of those groups. This is just interesting. You know, in the time of Jesus when he was on earth, there was all those religious groups. They were a Sanhedrin. But in that Sanhedrin, there were so many others that were, you know, part of it. Pharisees, Sadducees, Zeilots, Herodians, Essenes, and so on. But there was one thing they agreed on except for a few elected ones. They believe this Jesus is false. Amen. All these other things we don't agree on, but this guy cannot be the son of man. This one cannot be. Hallelujah. But there was a Joseph and a Mary and there was different ones. An Nicodemus and a Joseph of Arythea and so on. Let's just briefly look at some of those. So for interest sake, the Sadducees. Now I I never can get my head around the Sadducees. They did not believe in eternity. They did not believe in a life after death. Their only focus was to keep their religious status. They were responsible to look after the temple and the temple services and all those things. And they were just there to keep their position. They were typically rich people. I mean, come on. Why have a religion if you don't believe in life after death? I just cannot get my head around it. Like, there's something missing there, right? But the focus of their belief system was just to keep the priesthood together and preserve their influence and their position and so on. Then there's the Essins and they they were the exact opposite. They saw the temple system as corrupt and all sorts and they focused on purity and communal living and and all those kind of things and um according to thus sayaith Google they had all sorts of uh apocalyptic expectations in in other words you know they were probably saying you know we're already in the millennium or you know things like that and the point I'm making is we have the same things inside the message today. Amen. I mean, I'm not saying that just just as a, you know, put off on someone, but I've got I've got cousins who believe that that they already in the millennium. I mean, what a disappointment. What the disappointment. And then, of course, the Pharisees. Pharisees, actors, legalists, pretenders, hypocrites. Amen. Making it look like they are so perfect and holy. We've got all these in the message. The Herodians, the Herodians, all they were about was trying to align themselves with the leadership and trying to politically gain something from it. And then the Zeilots again, overthrow Rome and we'll, you know, take Rome by force and so forth, but not stand back and let God in his time deal with it. Amen. And and the reason I'm saying this, brothers and sisters, you might think, "Oh, this is very very special for a message sermon." But the point is people are made up differently. And we look at scriptures, we look at quotes, we look at different things from our own perspectives and from very very widely varying perspectives and and lenses. And then we interpret every promise. We interpret, you know, every every quote and every prophecy. We ex we interpret it through our own understandings, through our own backgrounds, but many times through our own needs. Sometimes we interpret promises in the Bible through our own motives because we want to achieve something. We do the same thing today when I say you have we have these kind of things in every church where people hear the message through our own filters. And obviously that's the point I'm making. May God today break filters down. Amen. So we can just look at it and say, "Lord, you reveal to me what you want." Amen. I'm just going to briefly look at I won't be too much longer, but I just want to briefly look at a few things that we so easily place in the future. Let's go to one that's ironically still in dispute some some places. Revelation five. People want to keep Christ sitting on the throne and the book closed. Amen. How can you put Revelation 5 in the future? If Revelation 5 is in the future, well, then you still have a closed book. Then the seals are definitely not open. You cannot have the seals open and the book's still closed. I mean, it's pretty obvious. I mean, even even the English language doesn't make sense. We need to see, brothers and sisters, the lamb has gotten up from the throne. He has taken the book. He has loosened the seals. The song said, "Thou was." Amen. Thou was worthy. Thou hast open the seals and so forth. That's the song we sing. Revelation 10. Revelation 10 is not in the future, brothers and sisters. There's a portion of Revelation 10 that's 60 years in the past. I mean, that seventh angel came, that seventh earthly messenger came. He was on earth. He did receive the book out of the hand of the mighty angel. Amen. And then John was instructed to take that book out of his hand. And then the the bride is instructed to take that book, eat the book, become the book, prophesy again, express that book, live that book. Hallelujah. I mean, that's where we're living right now. That's not something in the future, brothers and sisters. The third pool, well, I've I've dealt with that extensively. The third pool is not in the future. Amen. We read quotes and we think that, you know, when the third pool is going to come, there's going to be some mighty um, you know, things happen. Well, the third pool is here. We're living in the third pool. And when the need arises, God will anoint the bride to do whatever is necessary. Amen. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And if there's circumstances that is going to require us to speak rain or to speak, praise God. But God can do it today. The third pool is here. The bride is here. Amen. with the bride is under the under the anointing of that eagle under the third pool. Praise the Lord. Brother Random had those those he discussed that that dream of that brother riding this trail again and so forth. Amen. The same Holy Spirit, the same anointing, the same life, the same word in flesh that was in brother Brandham is now on the bride. Yes, God is riding this trail again. Amen. Let's not look to something in the future. God is riding the straight again. What about the bride's revival? Brother Brandham says, I can show you a quote. The bride has not had a revival yet. Well, that's now history. Hallelujah. I'm in the bride's revival. The word revival is here. I mean, the word is open. Hallelujah. Don't misquote or quote the the the quote that's now history is still as future, brothers and sisters. I mean, we're not looking forward to the bride's revival. We are the bride's revival. I mean, that's why brother Brandham said about that little cockney who says when they asked him where, you know, can you tell us where's the where's the Welsh revival? And he said, well, you're looking at it. Amen. We can say today, can you tell me where's the bride's revival? You're looking at it. Hallelujah. You're looking at the word in flesh today. Oh, brother, you don't look like the word to me. I don't care what you say. By revelation, I am part of him. By revelation, I was part of him from before the foundation of the earth. By revelation, he is taking me through every step. He's revealing what I need. He's giving me all the spiritual vitamins that I need for the battle of every single day. And I don't care what you see. I don't care what the accuser says against me. I don't care what anyone says. Hallelujah. He showed me by revelation. I am a son of God. That's why brother Ram could make the statement, I'm not the son of Chelsea Braram. God showed me that's not my where my where my life comes from. My true life comes from heaven. My true life in in that revelation I say I come from God. I go back to God. In the beginning was the word and the word was God and the word was with God and I was part of that word. That same part of that logos was part of me. Amen. My theophony was part of that in the beginning word. Amen. Heavenly places. I'm just going to skip over some of this. My message this morning, brothers and sisters, is let's not put things in the future that's happening today. Celebrate what God is doing today. Embrace it. Believe it. Ask God to make it real. If it's not real to you, you can't make it real to yourself, but ask God. That's why Brother Ram says, "Pray for revelation more than anything." Let's pray for revelation. Let's do what he says. Amen. Ask God to make it real. I want to ask you something and this this is something to just I I just thought about when I was preparing this week. Brother Rams made many times how if God had given him a choice which age he want to live in. He says I would choose this age. He said it would have been wonderful to be on earth in the time of Jesus to see all the all the miracles and hear him teach and hear him explain those things. But brothers and sisters, they were still looking in a glass darkly with Jesus Christ the word there because it was not time for the revelation of the things we see. Hallelujah. But we are so privileged that we can now look back over 2,000 years and say, "Yes, that happened according to the prophecy. That happened according to the prophecy. That happened to the according to the prophecy." Now, John didn't write, "Well, it will be, you know, Paul, Ireneius, Martin, and so forth." He did not write those things. But by the characteristic of those things today we had a prophet that came and placed it and that one was Paul and that one was Ireneius and that one was Martin and that one was Columba and we see the whole picture unfolding such a blessed thing but don't just look all the way to brother Brandon we need to look at today what God is doing today the the word is moving on today so I want to challenge you with this this is the thought that came to me if I had to choose would I want to live in brother Brandham's day or in this day I take first day any day my friends because those people sat in brother Brandham's services but the the the curtain of revelation or whatever symbology or type you want to use wasn't open yet that's why brother Brandham could ask I think it was Billy Paul after the service Billy did you understand what I was saying yes dad Billy did you understand what I was saying no dad mean people were sitting there and there was an anointing and there was an experience and and they were excited and people said we never sat under an anointing like we sat there But they didn't get it because it wasn't God's time. Today is the day of revelation of those things that that prophet preached. Hallelujah. I would rather live today than in 1963. I would rather live today than 6465. Hallelujah. I'm just going to I'll just refer to this in passing. I'm not going to read the scriptures and things, but Jesus spoke about that pearl of great prize. He says, "If you find the pearl of great prize, you sell everything you have and you dedicate everything to this thing." Brothers and sisters, this word that we've received, it is the pearl of great prize. Hallelujah. Amen. This is worth selling out everything for. Amen. This message is the most precious thing that can ever happen to us. Hallelujah. I want to encourage you, brothers and sisters. I'm so thankful that God has revealed it to us. I'm going to go back to our opening scripture. Jesus made the statement in Matthew 24. Now remember, Matthew 24 is prophecy about the future from where Jesus stood. Except those days should be shortened, there should be no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake, those days shall be shortened. And then he goes on and he says, "But where the carcass is, the eagles will gather." Where is the carcass today? The word. Amen. Where is the carcass today? The carcass today, my friends, is not God sent a prophet. That's yesterday's manner. Amen. Don't be offended at me. The carcass today, the bride will know who she is. If this bride knows who she is, she will one day, then the rapture will go. The revelation of who you are is being revealed now. Amen. It wasn't revealed in 63 to the bride. I trust you're not misquing me there. But God is revealing in this day who we are. God is making the word alive to us in this day. Amen. But brothers and sisters, we can't sympathize with this word only. We must sell out everything. Amen. Amen. God is God is wooing this bride to become one with him to come into full union with him to come into full submission of his headship giving him total and complete preeminence. Amen. And even if you don't understand it, believe it. Hallelujah. You know, we can refer to the rich young ruler and different ones. He was in the message. He learned about the word. He tried by human effort to keep the letter of the word. But there were things that he held dearer than the pearl of great price. Amen. Many people want the benefit of redemption, but they don't want the surrender. They want a savior, but not a lord. In other words, a lukewarm lodic condition, not fully sold out. Hallelujah. But remember that rich young ruler in the time that he least expected when his bonds were full when things were going so well with him naturally he opened up his eyes in hell. Amen. Don't put off your full surrender. Tomorrow might be too late. Maybe the musicians can come. I just want to say this brothers and sisters. I just want to bring this thought together. I don't want to leave this hanging. Remember I started off by saying God has drawn a map and there was no age like this one where we can actually see where we're at on the map. You see the problem is if you if you give someone a map in the hand, it doesn't help them at all. Okay, get what I'm saying? You see a map, what's the first thing you ask? Where am I? Amen. You get into a shopping center, there's always a, you know, big red arrow sometimes and it says, "You are here." Now, the previous church ages, they had the map. They had the map. They had the map, but they had no idea where they were at on the map. They don't didn't even have a revelation of what the map means. Today, we have such a perspective of the map. We saw how all those different church ages pl panned out and we saw who the, you know, the messengers were and we saw what the anointings were behind it. And we saw all those things, brothers and sisters. And God showed us, you're right here at the end. Where you're at on the map is right there in the headstone. Wonder if I've got the Let me just go back. There we go. You are here. Amen. I trust you can say today, I'm not in ladies here. I'm not out in Egypt. Amen. God has shown us we are here. And because he's shown us we are here at the end of time, at the brink of time, at at this place where where this earth will be burnt and we're going to walk out on the ashes of the wicked. But the thing that is that is so special to us, brothers and sisters. We know we're right here at this point where the bride is becoming one with the groom and where the next thing that is going to happen for us is go he's taking us into a marriage supper. He's taking us to the feast. Hallelujah. And while we're in the feast then is the great tribulation on earth when God reveals himself to the Jews and so forth. And after that three and a half years then he takes us on a honeymoon. Praise God. Because we know where we at on the map. We know that's what's going next. But at the same time, there's a warning, brothers and sisters. Don't be part of that deception. Don't be the chaff that is burned. Don't be the one that is left behind. Knowing we were out on the map is still not enough if you don't submit to where the directions tell you to go next. Hallelujah. You can still end up in the wrong place. Hallelujah. God swore by himself in this age, there shall be time no longer. And brothers and sisters, that is not something in the future. We're at the place in history where time has run out. Don't be caught up in just a lukewarm Pentecostal leodyia life where the church is wretched, miserable, poor, blind, naked, and don't know it. Sell out. God says, "Come buy of me." Amen. Amen. Gold, tried in the fire, and so forth without money and without price. I mean, let's just stand [Music] together. If the Lord is speaking to your heart this morning, let's just all close our eyes. So if the Lord is speaking to your heart, maybe you you want to respond to the Lord and say, "Lord, I need more revelation or I need a fuller surrender. I don't want to be like that rich young ruler that just looked at all the successes of life and did not recognize my time is running out." If that's you this morning, you can express it to the Lord with an uplifted hand as we pray. Most precious and loving Father, Lord, I know many statements were made that could be taken wrong, Father. I just place it in your hand, oh Lord. But when you departed 2,000 years ago, you said that you will send the teacher and he will make these things known to us, Father. Lord, in this morning, Lord, I want to pray that that inner teacher, Father, will go beyond every barrier, every defensive wall, every preconceived idea, oh, every scarecrow, Lord, and reveal to us where we are, where we're at, Lord. Oh father, in this morning I want to lift up my hands with my brothers and sisters, Lord, and say, "Father, I need more of you. I need more revelation. Oh, Father, I need to see who I am, Lord. Father, help us, Lord, not to stay behind in in the shock, Father. For Lord, your pro prophet speaks about it's the coming of the combine. We're in the harvest time, Lord. Let us be ready, Father. Lord Jesus, I pray that your spirit will work on hearts even now, Father, Lord. Have your way, Lord Jesus. I pray that you will draw every eagle to you, Father. Oh Lord Jesus, I pray Lord if there's still a bride member, an elected seed sitting in Lotia, sitting in go in in Egypt, Father, that you will call that seed up higher. Father, reveal yourself. Thank you, Lord. We give you all the glory and we ask these things in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord. [Music] How great are you, Lord? How great is your mercy? Oh, how great are the things that you have done for me. [Music] How great are you [Music] Lord? Loving [Music] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? How great is your love? He reaches through the heaven. [Music] How great is the heart that s and rescue me. How great are you Lord? How great mercy. How great are the things that you have done for [Music] me. How great are you, [Music] Lord, your loving [Music] kindness is filling my heart as I sing. How great are you, Lord? Amen. [Music] There's only one name that is worthy. There's only one king on the throne. He is the light of our salvation. [Music] All praise belongs to him alone. There's only one way to the father. [Music] One love [Music] develation. All praise belongs to him. Look to the lamb. See the son of God, the savior crucified. See the crown of [Music] thous. He is worthy to thy. See the water is forever glorified. There is love and there is fire in his eyes. He is worthy. He is worthy. He is the alpha and mega. [Music] He was and is and is to [Music] come. He will return the shouts of glory. His name is Jesus Christ our God. His name is Jesus Christ our God. See the word of God the Crucify see the ground is worth he is worthy to the one who is forever glorified. There is love and there is fire in his eyes. Oh, he is [Music] worthy. Yes, he is worthy. [Laughter] [Music] The elders bow the creatures Christ saints and angels glorify the anthem day and night worthy. Eyes like fire, reliable voice like many waters and most beautiful worthy the creatures Christ and angels glorify the echo day and night worthy. I like fire and I was [Music] like worthy. Worthy is worthy. Worthy is worthy. Worthy is worthy. Worthy is worthy to the lamb. See the son of God the savior crucified. See the crown of [Music] [Music] thous forever glorified. There is love and there is fire in his son. Oh, he is [Music] worthy. He is worthy. You are [Music] worthy. You are worthy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing a song. Is he worthy? The one that already mentioned. Amen. We already sang is worthy. We know he's worthy. He's always worthy. Amen. Praise the Lord. Do you feel the world is broken? We do. Do you feel the shadows deepen? We do. But do you know that all the dark won't stop the light from getting through? We [Music] do. Do you wish that you could see it all made? Amen. We do. Oh, it's all creation growing. It is a new creation coming. is the glory of the Lord to be the light within [Music] city. Yeah. Is anyone [Music] worthy? Is anyone Is anyone able to break the seal and open the scroll? The light of Judah who conquered the grave. He is David's fruit and the lamb would die to ransom the slaves. Is he worthy? Is he worthy of all blessing and honor and [Music] gloryy? Is he worthy of this? He is. Does the father truly love us? He does. Does the spirit move among us? He does. And does Jesus our Messiah hold forever those he loves? He does. Does a God intend to dwell again in? He does. Amen. Is anyone worthy? Or is anyone home? Is anyone able to break the seal and open the scroll? The light of Judah who conquers the grave. He is a fruit and a lamb to rest in the same people and every nation and he has made us the king of the praise to God to reign with his son. Is he worthy? Is he worthy? of all blessing and honor and glory. Is he worthy of this? [Music] He is. He is worthy. He worthy blessing and honor and glory. You worthy of [Music] [Music] s. He is worthy. He is worthy of all blessing and honor and glory. Is he worthy of this? He is. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Amen. They're getting some of the food ready. So, food will be ready shortly. Just do a few more songs while they get some of these things ready. I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are [Music] rad. They'll never be ashamed. The poor man cry and the Lord me and save me from my enemy. The son of God surrounds his name. He will deliver there. He will deliver there. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Come [Music] exify the glory. Come exalt his name forever. Oh, taste and see like the Lord is good. Oh, blessed is he. won't be alone. All you see give you everything. You give you [Music] everything. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Come except his name [Music] forever. Let us bless the Lord. Every day and night, never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless Lord every day and night. I pray may our [Music] in every day. Oh magnify me to heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Come his name [Music] forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. [Music] He'll give you everything. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Brother Adrian, I wonder if you can come up and close the meeting in the word of prayer and um also just pray for the um for the food as well, [Music] brother. Let's all pray, saints. Blessed heavenly father, we've had such a wonderful seventh seal meal this morning, Lord. Lord, a meal of identification, Lord, revealing our origins that came from you, Lord Jesus. And Father, I just pray, Lord God, that you'll just continue, Lord, to speak to us today, Lord God, in the meal time and the fellowship time, Lord. I pray for our brother that preaches this afternoon, Lord, to Brother Ben. I just pray that you'll touch him, Lord, and anoint him. open that channel up to him. Also, we pray, Lord God. And we just pray, we just ask that you'll uh just sanctify the food that we're going to have this afternoon for lunch, Lord, to our bodies. We thank you for it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you. All right. So, we have the um the food is going to be set out at the back. Is it already, Mark? Oh, there's food already. So, um Oh, we got to wait a little bit. Okay. Um but, uh we probably need some help with some tables. So, if there's some young boys who can help us with tables, we'll just need to pull this little bit out and then um yeah, I mean, there's going to be a lot of people there. So, you you find your way in where you want to. Um yeah, God bless you all. Oh, and for those um for those who are going to travel back this afternoon, um may I encourage you to to stay. I think it'll be, you know, I I believe the Lord has something for you tonight as well. I know it's it's a probably holiday tomorrow. So you know uh we have the building till quite late but I don't we don't advertise till how late but the it I believe if you can if I can encourage you I don't want to put any pressure but I can encourage you to stay um I believe it will be a blessing. It'll also be a blessing for all the people that's put in a lot of effort and um and also for brother Ben preaching as well. So amen. God bless you [Music] all. Hey. Hey. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music]
