################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-31 - 311225 - New Years Watchnight Service - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-31
Title:    311225 - New Years Watchnight Service - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     New Year Service
Duration: 2h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V7eFX7s47sc
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
all over the Good morning. Hey. Hey. Hey. Good evening. How are you all? You good? I've just had brother Kubian sort of don't go back to the back cuz I said I'm going to ask you to open a prayer. So, I'm going to get brother Kubian to open a prayer and then we will start. Okay. So, come up Heather, brother. orange. We're so thankful for Jesus even service this evening. It just softens the atmosphere, the mood. It allows us to come as we are Lord Father. We're so thankful, Lord, Father, that our pastor's wife has decided to put that in play this evening, Lord Jesus. And then just listening to young William, Lord, he was so excited because we're going to have dessert first. So before the main course, that's the word that's going to be preached this evening. We had dessert. So we're thankful for that, Father. Father Lord, each one here this evening has sacrificed their time to come, Lord, to come and sit at your feet this evening to come and partake, Lord, Father, of what you have in store for them. Lord, Father, we ask of you to bless each one here. Bless the testimonies that's going to come forth, the song specials, uh the words of encouragement, the preaching of the word, Lord, Father. Even we're going to have foot washing and communion, Lord Father. Lord Father, you know why, Lord Father, all this is done, Lord Jesus. It's only to exalt you, Lord Father, to lift up your name, to give you the praise and the glory and honor, Lord Father. Lord Father, you see the world, Lord Father, is going to go now and have a party all night, Lord Jesus. Yet we can come and sit in the house of the Lord and have a wonderful time with you, Lord Jesus. Lord Father, that's the separation that we have from this world. We just want to come, Lord, Father, and just exalt you this evening with everything that's going to go forth, Lord Jesus, from now. We ask of you to have your way, Lord, Father. Bless each person that's going to come and take this mic behind me, Lord Father. Bless their song specials and bless the testimony, Lord. Father, Father, Lord, we just ask of you to have your hand upon those that are not here, those that are sick in body, Lord, Father. Lord, Father, our families that are way traveling, families that have gone to see families of their own, Lord Jesus, in different parts of the country, bless each one of them, Lord Jesus. The ones that are streaming, Lord Father, make it such that they are with you here with us, Lord Father. It's not there just looking at a screen Lord Father but let them have the same atmosphere that's in this place at this time Lord Father we just ask of you to bless every believer around the country around the world Lord Father today is a special day Lord Father so be with each one Lord Father we just love you Lord Jesus much thanksgiving in our heart Lord. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, how are we all feeling this evening? You good? &gt;&gt; Do we like it that we're all like in our same spots? &gt;&gt; Like, you don't want to like come forward or do anything, you know, end the year with a bang, bit of bit of pizzazz, bit of, you know, wow, let's like sort of let's break free. Let's do something different, you know? This is your last opportunity for the year. It's so once this once this day goes, you can't do it anymore. &gt;&gt; Now, Jenny, you'll sit in that chair the whole next year. That'll be your new spot. Yeah. Find your position for next year. You got It's a chance to break free and bunker down. Yo, &gt;&gt; what? Yeah, maybe drunkers musicians can move. Wow. So that see that wasn't so scary. E how does it feel? Different view. Don't look different from there. That's better. It kind of feels a bit We just want to relax. It's kind of like a We want to be a bit more relaxed. Okay. that that we won't be too like too like formal is okay but so that this is a new year New Year's Eve is always a nice time because it's a time to like reflect. We we go through the year and it like July a certain day in July means nothing to us because we just in our minds even though it's just another day in the in the hemisph in in the the whole uh sort of montage of life. Today is no different than any other day. But we like to break things up and we have little segments and we have weeks and months and that. So then we break this up into our year. So to us, to a human being, it is significant and it's a time to we can look back and reflect and we can look forward and and I guess dream and and and have faith, you know, and look forward. It's a nice time to sort of stop and we all get to have our Christmas holidays and slow down a bit. So I think for me, I I've had the most fantastic year you could ever imagine. My year has been so epic. Like things have moved and shaken and happened and a lot of things have changed and it's all been it's all been for the better. I don't know if your year's been happen, but my I've had the most epic year you could ever imagine. And there was so much I've got so much on the horizon. Like even in the last month, so many things changed. A lot of things changed to to um Yeah, I finished a whole lot of projects and I've got a whole lot of new I've got a I've got a new project starting and it's so exciting and a lot of things. Yeah, I've had the most amazing year. Have you had a good year? Everyone else had a that's been epic, I think. And next year is going to be fantastic. It's going to be the I'm I'm speaking for myself, but I hope I'm speaking for you, too. We're going to have I think Brother Ben's had a great year, too. And I think we'll call it a seasonal thing, okay? We're all the same. We go one, we go all. If you're not having a good year, just quickly change. Oh, no. It's been a great year. I'm going to have it. Um, yeah. So, that's that. Yeah. This time I I think in the Lord we always have a good years, though. No matter whether you're whether you're slog or whether you're on a mountain or in a valley, we always grow in the Lord. That's the great thing about being a Christian. We always we become more positive. We be we we have more faith. We we get more wisdom. We get so many more things each and every year. I think if you look back to this time last year, you're a different person. You're different. And that's the privilege that we have of serving the Lord and surrendering to his spirit is that he's always working on us. And he's making all of you into masterpieces. You're a masterpiece. So, let's um let's stand. We'll sing a few songs and we've got a whole lot of um neat specials and testimonies. If you have one, like if you suddenly think of a testimony, but you're not on the list, you can just put your hand up and then we'll have to go before the elders and ask them if you can speak. You can speak. Okay. We're all friends here. We've known each other for at least a year. Who Who has join? Who most of you people have been here all year? Is that correct? Oh, what time do you were you? You're not in the one-year club. Okay. You can't really speak tonight. No, I'm joking. Okay. January. All right. But so would you be the the the noob? Anyone after January? Yeah. See, we're all like we're all buddies, man. We're all friends here, so there's no like Okay. But we've got some great songs and testimonies. So, let's um let's start with um I want to sing a song called God is God. Can we have that screen there on two? Is that too much to ask? This one down here. Well, he's God in the Father. He's God in the Son. He's God in the Holy Ghost. He's God all three in one. And I know God. He's God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. And Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's God if you don't. He's God if you serve him. He's still God if you won't. And I know God is God. And God don't never change. I know God is God. Jesus is in his name. Stop. Stop. &gt;&gt; Can we Where are these mics here? Is that going to affect it if I if some people just hold some mics and sing? I feel like &gt;&gt; Let's try it. The sound guy says no. Let's try. Grab an orange mic. Hand it back to maybe Sister Hannah. Let's hear some Let's hear some people come through the system. A And yeah, give Asher one. Give him a red mic and and and the yellow mic. Send the yellow mic to the back. Send it to the noobs. I'm joking. Sorry. Okay, we ready? We got We're going out with a bang, man. I'm telling you. Okay. You ready, girl? You ready, man? A budding song leader here. Didn't take him long to grab that mic. Whoa. Bro, better come up here. Sing up here. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you come up here, bro. You You're &gt;&gt; Yeah. And we can look at our words down here. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Where's the words here? Let me stay here. No, no, no. You stay here. But that's our words. Say, &gt;&gt; good to see you. &gt;&gt; Ready, bro? We'll go from the start. Let's go from the top. You ready? &gt;&gt; Loud voices. This is okay. None of this like you want it there. Okay. Want that? I want your spit going on the mic. &gt;&gt; What in the He's in the sun. He's in the holy ghost. He's God all three and one. And I know God is God and God will never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's love him and he's serve him. He's so you are the man of God. And God will never change the man of God. He's God and Jesus is his name. &gt;&gt; When he's cancer, he's your mouth. God heals our troules. I know he heals me and I know God is God and God don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Where he's not in the past, he's God is last. He's God of our future. He's God. I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I had the last blessing. I rise to lift my hands because I s my re I know God is God and I don't never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, they call us. They're always making fun. But I'm glad I got the Holy Ghost. I'm living in the sun. God will never change. I know God is and Jesus is his name. He's the God that lives in Moses. He's God in Paul, too. He's God in William Brandon. And he's God in me and you. And I know God is God. And God won't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, the be canyon came down the mountain. I know God is God and God never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Yes. I remember the day he saved me from my sin and shame. I came up out of that water in Jesus name. I know God is God and I never change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. I know God. &gt;&gt; I know God is God and God don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. &gt;&gt; Amen. Good. My man can stop you. Okay. So, the the hand that that one to sister Jenny and the yellow mic up the front. Hey, Bella, do you want to come up and sing with us? Grab a mic, you reckon? You going to come up? &gt;&gt; Yeah, man. Bring the yellow mic. Oh, there goes the orange one. There you go. You going to come up here? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Come up with Noel. Should we bring you up? Come on. &gt;&gt; You want to sing? Yeah. Walk around. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Bella. Yeah. Up here. Well, do you know the one touched by his fire? You know that one? I've been touched by. &gt;&gt; Okay. Ready? We'll do that one. Ready? Give me a B. I know. Hey, but &gt;&gt; Jesus blinded all my darkness. He spark my heart within. His grace and mercy passion consume my sin. Not like a city on a hill. I'll shine tonight. I am a lamb in your glory. I will not hide. I touched by the fire to let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone deserves. His love will never be singled. His life is wild and free. I'm over by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me by fire. Let the world cover our fever. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout till everyone has been touched by fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till I Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my life. His name be lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire burning inside of me. I cannot hold it inside. I cannot keep it burning inside me. I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and walk shouting from the rooftop shone by fire. Let the world come in my fever from the shouting from the rooftop. Shouting to his fire. I've been touched by his fire. So let the world come and watch me burn. I'm going to shout it. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout until heard. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. You can take your seats. &gt;&gt; Hey, Bella, did you want to sing another song? You want to sing? Jesus loves me. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You ready? Yeah, man. Cool. Yeah. Bella, that one was just to warm her up a bit. Yeah. be these two dump star little happy snow we is Jesus loves me. Yes. Jesus touch me. Jesus love. Oh, touch me. Yes, Jesus. Me. Yes, Jesus loves me. Yes, kiss me. Oh, B touch me was good, Bella. The next one up um we have the glowing girls and after that we have Joanne, Hannah and Jenny. Then after that we have sister Esther. Okay. I won't forget the wonder of how you are. Deliverance, the exodus of my heart. You found me. You free me. How bad the world is for my release. Oh your way. So the God who fights for me, Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have to thrown above the sea. You have laid through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. The cloud by day. The sign that you are with me in the fire by night, a guide to my feet. You found me. You free me. Back the waters for my release. for Yaheh. You're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have torn apart the sea. You have led me through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. You stepped into my EP. You took me by the hand. You mar me out in freom into the promised land. Now I will not forget you. I'll sing my voice done swallowed up forever by the fury of your love. You stepped into my Egypt. You took me by the hand. You washed me out of freom into the promised land. And now I will not forget you. I sing of all you've done. There is all I love forever by the fury of your love. Cuz you're the God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Hallelu. You have to all the sea. You have led me to the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. The God who fights for me. Lord of every victory. Hallelu. Halleluah. You have torn apart to sing. You have le through the deep. Hallelu. Hallelu. I was going to join in then I realized that was a girls only band. It was really good. Is this a girls only band? Sister Hannah as well can't play brother fish. Can you come up here? Why don't you come up here if you want? Come on. Come on to the stage. That's when you sing all the young voices. And here we are lifting our hands to you. To you. Here we are. giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, you are here dwelling within our prayers for every answered prayer. for always being there. For love that hears us when we call and arms that lift us when we fall. You have always been right beside us, leading us all along the way. You made it through because of you. Here we are lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, you are here dwelling within our praise for days we cannot see. for all that's yet to be. The trials we might have to face. When we'll be leaning on your grace, it will be your strength that saves us. Your love that makes us strong. And through it all, we'll sing the song. Here we are, lifting our hands to you. Here we are giving you thanks for all you do. And as we praise and worship your holy name, you are here dwelling within our praise. You are here dwelling within our praise. Praise the Lord. You got a Jew. What do you call a three person? &gt;&gt; Trio. Oh, the new trio. Sister Esther. I serve a big one with a big heart who knows every star by their name. My God is faithful. That's why I'm so grateful for the love that he gave. That's why I can say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All over again to his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. With all my heart. Say amen. Every single day. I'm not a stranger and am I favored. I'm not a victim. I've got grace within my story. There is a savior who saved me by taking my place. That's why I can say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. all over again to his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. With all my heart say every single day. That's why I can say amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All over again to his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. with all my heart say amen every single day. Cuz I'm a part of his great family. And I am nothing short of his redeemed. This whole world can take away what the Lord has done in me. We give him praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. All over again to his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. With all my heart say amen. Every single day we give him praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. all over again to his word. Amen. Amen. Amen. With all my heart say amen. Every single day. Every single day. This This is speaking about the drummers. Now, I've got a feeling Brother Josh may be streaming in tonight with a small little bead of sweat dripping down his brow. And Brother James is at the back there with one down the other side. Their little sharing routine they had going on maybe under threat. Let's some stand. We're just going to sing one song and then we've got some testimonies. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Start with the chorus. Well, I see a cloud like a man's hand. I see a cloud like a man's hand. Oh yeah, I see a cloud like a man's head and I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. Any time when it was dry, not a cloud up in the sky, the children of God began to reason why. So they went to God's man because they didn't understand. He said, "Go look, it's written in the sky." Now they opened up the door. Every time they looked once more, a tiny cloud was rising from the sea. And they began to understand the time for rain was ahead. Just like God said it would be. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man's head. Well, I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head, but I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. So today, we have no fear. We know a cloud didn't appear. The prophet's dream, my bride goes through the door. Have faith and just believe. A new spirit you'll receive. Oh, the rain is truly going to pour. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a clown like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head. Oh, and I know, yes, I know it's going to rain. Now the bride is looking above for a chariot rain of love to fill their hearts to peace they never know. And this bride it will be God's unfolding mystery. The promised word has already been sold. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like a man. I see a cloud like a man. Oh, and I know. Yes, I know it's going to rain. I see a cloud. I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like a man's head. I see a cloud like amazing and I know Yes, I know it's going to rain. Amen. You can take your seats. Um this evening we've got a few testimonies. We have a testimony from Sister Rachel, then is it Ashley? You got you got a testimony, too? Yep. and then brother Fish and then Tabitha has a poem. So just as they are this is like an Oliver family. Man, you're sort of taking over in the song specials now. You're aiming eye buying up the testimony spot as well. &gt;&gt; And they have a song special as a family. Wow. This is He's finishing strong, man. There's a thing about finishing strong. &gt;&gt; Um so who is Sister Rachel? can start. Yeah. Okay. Just while they're coming up, I don't know if you noticed. So, this time last year, just as they're getting set up, this time last year, I ran a 42k marathon on this day. Just kind of inadvertently ran it. Shannon was like, "Oh, going for a 20k run in the morning." I was 30. Okay. And I thought my mind I thought if I'm going to run 30, might as well do 42. So, ran 42. But this year I can walk. See that? And I Sh I have this little bridge run that we do and I managed to walk the bridge run today. It took usually takes like 25 minutes. It took us an hour but I walked there walked back like it was like but it's all about um context you know. &gt;&gt; Okay bro saints. Um, I just wanted to say at the beach with my friends, the sons, um, we were planning by the river and crossing some currents and then me, my friend Telvin went through the car once and then he slipped and he got in the um, rapid and um, but he learned a lesson for um, pull pull things and um, he got caught by a big rock, but I got swept away. And then um but I remember to like float. God gave me a sign to stay stay like a starfish, float. And then mom was teaching after me and then she got me right at the end. So yeah, that's my testimony. Um, God bless everyone. Um, yes, I had a great year, Isaac, but also my worst one ever. Um, so, um, had a tough one. Um and hard to explain really, but um in June just kind of it felt like what you'd say kind of an atomic bomb like in your life or like a landmine I think because something that's always been there but you didn't know about it. And um so it went off and I didn't cope with it very well and I was pretty angry and hurt. Um and um so I had a few things but I think going through it all over the months um I could look back and see God perfectly designed it the whole way and um for the first point when I was first first couple of weeks um just being my angry little self um and I could feel well or God actually showed me like I was going slide into depression. Um, but like seven years ago, I was delivered from like panic attacks or anxiety attacks. And the Lord did that after a church service up in Tatanaki at a camp, I think. And and then seven years later now, knowing that um God showed me, oh, if you carry on down this, you're going to be depressed. and I could be like I had that faith that I'd already been um delivered from anxiety and so now I could kind of put it into action and it's like you had the choice like it was hovering there and I might have wallowed in it for a little bit but um I was able to know that I had the faith to kind of get rid of that and so that was one deliverance and then also I was kind of I' I'd got to a point where I didn't want to come to church I didn't want to talk to anyone And um and so that was hard, but and I kind of really want I was kind of saying to Lord, you know, I want something a miracle for this, you know, um I deserve a miracle for this. And um but um afterwards, I could look back and see where the miracles were. And it was um coming to church every week, every Wednesday and Sunday. And it was directly to my heart. um no matter who was preaching, even Jimmy, you know, like sometimes. And um but it was like God just knit that together for me in my heart and just kind of slowly but surely pulled me through. And um so I want to say the best year ever because I can look back and see that um it doesn't matter what I do. I think God kind of got rid of any of my man-made foundations and um and so he is the rock and everything I have is built on him and um so it was a blessing in disguise I guess and um so I'm grateful to the Lord. I'm grateful for the saints because there were um people that God put in to kind of help me through different things and the pastor we have, you know, Ben came and prayed with us and you know, it was like, you know, the Lord has it all in his plan. And so I'm grateful for that and just want to tell my testimony that the Lord's God has planned for our life and his plan for your lives and we're just here for the ride really. So um um God bless you. God is good. Amen. Um so um well as as you know a couple of years ago uh we moved to Wellington. um the the job that I had um the the company I was with um did a bit of an internal transfer and I to move um which was the initial um okay I felt from the Lord to come here. Um so we did that and it was about a year a year and a bit into that job. There was there was always um a bit of not so much turmoil but um bit of abrasiveness with the um with the um guys in charge of that branch. Um but after about a year and a bit it started getting um quite negative in the in the office. Um so I was um service manager there and the two we call them directors but they're branch owners of that branch um were sort of above me then there was me then there was the team and I found I ended up playing like P in the middle between the the the owners and and the guys. Um and and it's not a fun place to be when you're dealing with two guys who are also arguing with each other and then you get it and then you've got to deal with the guys who are arguing up. Um and then it it got um worse and worse progressively. Um so I was looking for I say a way out but obviously um we have you know the mortgage and and house debt and things. So, and a and a family to provide for. So, that's it. Sort of um head down, just carry on. Um and it got um quite quite negative. Um they they were having weekly catchups of how they wanted things done and how either I wasn't doing it or the guys weren't doing it the way they wanted to do it. And it was almost a way where anything that went wrong was instantly my fault or my my thing to fix. and it became I got down from it, right? Um so to make a long story short, I was looking for a way out. Um it got to the point where the boss of one of the owners of Excel atright came and met up with me and we had a lunch together and we were talking um and he heard my side of the story and was just basically trying to work through a way that would work best for the owners here and myself. um trying to trying to sort of keep keep me on board and and all that. So with that um I was I was still looking for a place to get out. So I saw a advertisement for the new company of I've I've got I'm with now. Um and I started talking to them with these talks with my old boss with these talks with my boss from Talanaki. And um it was all coming to to a head so to speak and it was like bad where I was. But then I was also talking to this new guy and the new guy and he took uh leave. He was away. He came back and then he was away again. And it took about 2 months um of me chatting to this potential new um um employer and he had another meeting with me and it was to get sort of days in there. So it was on the week and it was a Monday. I had to catch up with him and Rachel was talking to me as I was coming home. Did you get a job offer? No. No, I didn't. Stink. Okay. Um, and then the Tuesday, Wednesday, the Wednesday I had a call from my current employer saying, "I need to catch up. Come in at the cafe. We're going to we're going to have a chat." I'm like, "Okay, cool. Right. This is this is going to be fun." And basically, he sat me down and he said, "Look, um, we've had a couple of people leave. Um, it's not working the way we've got things at the moment. We're going to make a change. um we want to offer you to change from salary to wages and with that will come a a pay drop but if you do enough overtime we'll keep you up and we'll keep you in the office a little bit to do a few quotes but generally speaking you'll be back on the tools um because this is what suits our company this is what suits what we're doing and also having you in the office is another overhead with the less government so in a way it was a demotion without him saying it that way um at and then he said, "I I need an answer, you know, let me know." And I said, "Oh, come on. Give me give me to the end of the week. I need to, you know, sort things out sort things out." In the back of my mind, I'm thinking, I've still got this potential job offer coming in. Um and he said, "No, I want to answer tomorrow." So, I'm like, "Okay, cool." Um that's a bit rough. So, that Wednesday night as I was driving home thinking of Lord, what am I going to do? Um, this is this is a bit of a rock and a hard place and I'm I'm waiting for waiting sake and as I was driving in to turn into Silverstream. Um, I got a text from the um potential employer saying, "Hey, really enjoyed the um um our catchup. I'd like to send through a job application for you um employment agreement. Can you review it and and I'll send it through tonight?" And I'm like, "Oh, cool. Okay, that that will potentially help me for the chat I'm going to have tomorrow. Um so so we go um go home tell our age. Okay, cool. It's coming in. It's coming. Come to church and I mute my phone. No, I'm not looking at we're checking before church, right? Like did I get it? No, I didn't. So no, that's it. Um mute the phone after church. Check my phone. Still nothing. Oh great. Um, and as I'm driving home, um, M's like, "Oh, just send him a quick text. He may have forgotten him. Maybe he he's busy. You know how he is." I'm like, "Oh." Sort of, you know, he took around 9:30, right? So, I'm like, "Oh, okay. Fine." I sent him a text. And he instantly responded. He said, "Mate, I just sent it through to your email just before your text came in. I hit send." So, all right. answer. Pull over side of the road, get there, scrolling through the phone, go through the um the the job offer, and it's very agreeable. It's it's pretty much what I needed to be able to leave without losing anything and and gaining a few things. So, it was it was very good. There wasn't in there the type of vehicle I'd asked for. Not as much as it was it was an ask, but um there there was still the provisions of a vehicle. Um and and I just through that just to be able to walk in the next day and go to the bosses, no, I'm not going to take the job offer of um um sort of a supervisory type um on the tools role. I'm actually going to leave. and then and then going from there and then he came through with the vehicle and just everything came through and it's just been an absolute blessing and it's been a it's been a really so I just want to say thank you Lord for looking after even the little things cuz cuz I could have stayed where I was and it would have been rough and it would have been tough but um yeah to to come through that and to to get through it was it was really good. Um and in total I was at that branch for about two and a half years. So sort of that the span of the whole problem was about that long. But um God is good. Amen. Why don't we have the Let's have the Let's have the Oliver family song. Oh gosh. Gracious. Some singing low and some sing high. Some sing out loud on the telephone. Some just clap their hands or anything they got. Now listen to the top where the little bird sings on the melodies and the high notes ringing and the hover and the black birds are so gre singing in the night time singing in the day where the little quacks and he's on his way. What the he has got much to say for the Pokemon ducks himself. Oh, God's creatures got a place in the choir. Some sing low and some sing high. Some sing out loud on the telephone. Some just clap their hands or anything they got now. They take up the middle of the honeybee hums and the cricket fidd. &gt;&gt; Listen to the base. It's a one on the bottom with a bull for ps and a hippopotam and go a big poo and they all have disco. Some sing low and some sing high. Some sing out loud on the telephone. Some just clap their hands or anything they got now. It's a simple song living everywhere by the ox and the fox and the grizzly bear and the dopey alligator and the hawk above the sly old weasel and a turtle dove. Oh god creatures got a place in the sing low and some sing high. Some sing out loud on the telephone line. Some just clap their hands or anything they got now. Oh, God's cre got a place in the clock. Some sing low and some sing high. Some sing out loud on the telephone. Some just clap their hands or ps or anything they got. Now all God's creatures got a place in the choir. Praise the Lord. God bless the Oliver family. It's been great to have you with us. We've got a Sister Tabitha. Where is she? Here we come up here, sister. You've got a poem for us. I was not planning to stand here but I had a change of heart. I don't know maybe God just pushed me and somehow this poem um it's been in my heart for quite some time and it's kind of ringing with everything everyone is talking about. So I believe that was God who has pushed me to say it. Um the title of the I know some of you maybe have seen this somewhere along the way in your Christian lives. Um it's footprints on the stand of 10. I'm not the one who wrote it, but it speaks to me dearly. Just before I say it, I'll just give a short testimony. Um I feel led to say that most of the time, I think we look at our destination or we we're made to see or to view life or to to to talk about our lives after we've reached somewhere where we can look back and say, "Oh, God has brought me this far." But sometimes, or rather let me say, I have learned that I need to still testify. I need to really still glorify him and still praise him and still thank him and still talk about him and testify in the process. And for me, that's why I'm here. Um, sometimes I think my life is like that one of Moses. He was brought up in Pharaoh's home. I had everything for 40 years and then God decided nope. That's not why I brought you here out into the desert and rubbed everything off. Start from Aresh. And that's where God wanted him to be because that's where the real learning started for him to fulfill his purpose. Most of the time when we are through the deal that we just think like our life is over but that's when your life is starting. So um when I came to when we came to New Zealand, God gave me two songs and those two songs rang through the whole year of 2022. I did not know it was his message to me. The first song was the God who sees and the second one was get used to different. I had no idea why he gave me those two songs, but man, it's been different and it's still going different. But I am learning that in everything that I'm going through, those two songs have really, really reminded me all the time. It's never going to be the same way. Just like the way it was for Moses, it's going to be different. and I have to learn to accept the difference that he's trying to show me. So that's why I'm standing here because this poem really really st speaks a lot to me and I I believe it's speaking a lot to some of you because maybe you're also going through some of your own desert moments and as you go through that just remember when you know you cannot walk. This is definitely someone who is carrying you &gt;&gt; and those footprints you see at the back they're not your footprints. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, I'll just say the poem. Um, and just before I say that, um, the other day I was listening to the message and, um, brother Neville started by reading, um, John 17 and it really spoke to me because it was the prayer that Jesus was praying before he went back to heaven. And John chapter 17 verse10 really sunk and sat with me. And he's he was praying and he said um in chapter verse 10 he said and all mine are thine and thine are mine and I am glorified in them. The just I just felt like it doesn't matter what I'm going through. It doesn't matter what I feel or how some I feel like a loser sometimes most of the time. But it doesn't matter how I feel. It doesn't matter how much of a depression I go through. I'm still his and that that's all that matters. One night a man had a dream. He dreamed that he was walking along the beach with the Lord. I think he'll use this one. Oh my gosh. Cannot see. I can Sorry, I cannot see. So, let me just use what I have here. Yeah, that's another change that happened. Okay. One night, a man had a dream and he dreamed that he was walking along with the Lord in the beach. Across the sky flashed sins from his life. For each scene, he noticed two sets of footprints in the sand. One belonged to him and the other to the Lord. When the last scene of his life flashed before him, he looked back at the footprints in the sand. He noticed that many times along the path of his life, there were there was only one set of footprints. He also noticed that it happened at the very lowest and saddest times in his life. This really bothered him and he questioned the Lord about it. Lord, you said that once I decided to follow you, you'd walk with me all the way. But I have noticed that during the most troublesome times in my life, there is only one set of footprints. I don't understand. Why is it that when I needed you the most, you will give me? And the Lord replied, my precious, precious child, I love you and I will never leave you. During your times of trials and suffering, when you see only one set of footprints, it was then that I carried you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand um tonight. Let's sing um He's still in the fire. He Yeah, we'll start with the chorus. Well, he's still in the fire. And he's walking in the flame. And he'll be there to help you when you call upon his name. Oh, and he can still delivery. Oh, mighty power. Even though it's good to know he's still in the fire. Well, my mama read a story from the Bible long ago about Shad Mac Shack and all the bad eagle how the wicked king may be thrown into the flame because they would not bow and then deny their father's name. Mama said the king stood high upon the balcony so tall. When he looked up, he was shocked by all the things he saw. Cuz he looked and he would find that lying upon the ground. But instead of three counting four around and I said, "Mama, wait a minute. There's one thing that I must know." Three came out and wear that mango. And I never will forget it. M cross the floor. These were the words I heard her say while shining through the door. He stom my power is good to glory still in the fire. Now my friend, you may be destined to face life's hottest flame, but I'm glad that I can tell you through the power of his name. You come through and you tell yesterday forever. God is still alive. He's still in the fire. He's still in the fire. He's walking in the rain. Yeah. to help you when you fall on his mighty power. He's still in the fire. He's still in there to help you when you call upon his name. He can still Amen. And if you can take your seats again, we have a song from um Sister Ping and then after that we have a testimony from Sister Shannon. And if anyone else has a testimony, you can jump in that little spot there too. But come Mod is deep. How it see how it Oh my city. Oh sh may Shalom saints. Um just wanted to give God the glory um for taking us through the year up until this day. It was a colorful year. Um it was not a bad one. It was just colorful, different colors for every season, for every time. and for all the colors that he has blessed us with. We just want to say thank you Lord. We bless your name and we praise you. Thank you. Pick a color. Do you guys remember when the old church we used to just stand in the circle and we weren't filmed. I kind of like that a little bit better. A little bit less formal. Um but um okay. So Isaac asked me to give a testimony. So, I said no at first because I'm really bad at them. Um I can I have trouble composing myself. So, um he Yeah. So, then he went on and did some specials and I thought, "Oh man, I don't want to let the team down. I will give a testimony." So, bear with me. Um this year has been a great year. As Isaac says, every year is great. Um, I think we can make a movie about our own life. Um, mine and my children's and Isaac's and I look forward to that one. Um, but the movie would be really cool and dramatic and we have our ups and downs and you know, how are we going to get through this? Oh, it's just about to go down and boom, something happens and then God's there. He's always there. Um, so I guess my testimony, I had to pick one because it's very hard to choose. uh would be the two things. Um Isaac when we for Christmas we sat around the Christmas table and had breakfast by my lovely daughter who is like Mrs. Christmas. She's amazing. And she gave us Christmas breakfast cooked it all for us. And Isaac sat around and said, "What's the two things that you appreciated about the year?" So we all had to think of one think of two, sorry. And then I thought of my two. Now I'm going to go back prior to this. This is a couple years ago. um quite a few years ago. Praise God. I'm glad it's over. But um so I stopped I I did Sunday school for a while and I really really liked it. Loved the children. Um we had um what do you call them? Pop gun. You know those what are they called? Guns. Those snap guns that that No, no. The ones that you go click and it goes and sparks. &gt;&gt; Cap guns. So we had cap guns and helmets and swords and shields. It was great. It was loved it. Um but then it came time to um when some of my children, well my my eldest son especially, God bless him. Uh he went through the eldest son phase and I always told him it was experimental. I've never been a mother of um a teenager and then he's never been a son, you know. Yeah. Never never been that age. Um and then so I went through the teenage years. They freaked me out. I'm just letting you know, every mom and dad should have a metal around their neck when they go through the teenage years. Um, and when it started getting quite bad, um, I let relented my duty of um, Sunday school because I thought, well, if I can't keep my house in order, how can I teach Sunday school? So, I um decided, okay, it's not for me. But I think it was a give up. And if I had to do it over again, I would definitely stay strong and stay in what I felt to do. So I do want to encourage anybody who's going through a hard time with their children to stand fast and to always just come to church and do what the Lord has called you to do. Don't ever relent because we've got an enemy who wants us to and he'll try everything he can to do it. But stand fast because there's a promise. And now I'm on the other side where I get to see that promise sitting in church. And um it definitely was not easy, but I was so encouraged by brother Brennham's testimony. He had to go through the same thing. And man, he was on a greater scale. play. He was in front of the world's eye and he had to go through it with his son. And not only did it hurt him to see his son go through it, but man, he had he just went through a lot. Um, and uh, so I in some of his sermons, I'm like, man, if he can do it, then so can I. I'm so glad the Lord gave him those testimonies so that we can have them as well. Um so this year um I started took up Sunday school again and I realized that it's maybe half for the children but the other half is for me. So so I was so blessed and I was so much fun. Uh but two two two things that happened this year which was real special to me that the Lord spoke to me um through the Sunday school. Uh, one was was teaching the children um that the Lord gives you the desire of your heart and that you can ask him for things and he will grant them to you. Maybe not in the time frame that we think they will, but he always remembers, you know, our desires and those uh wants um or something that we ask for. Uh and then after that I um you filming me, Noel? Okay, good. She just has her camera up. She probably is. Um the uh after that I got I had two grandfathers die this year. Um one a week afterwards um of each other and I really felt I wanted to go back home after the first one died, but then the second one I really wanted to go back home um because I wanted to see my family members that were still alive and I only make it back home maybe uh every 10 years. So I thought, man, if I wait another 10 years, it's going to be, you know, who's going to be left. So um there were a few things I I prayed to the Lord and I asked him and I asked for some uh fleces. One of them was financial be able to afford it financially and then the Lord provided financially through a family member. Um and another there was a few other fleces and they happened to uh come about. So, I knew it was of the Lord because it was quite a busy time for us at the the factory, but um I really had a desire to go back and especially see my grandma who I hadn't seen in a while and she was 80 she's 85. Um and when I went so I Oh man, it was so amazing. my passport. I didn't have my passport and then I had to get an emergency one and it came just in time and that was the same day the money came through so I could buy a plane ticket and leave the next week and it was just it was just you know you know when it's a God stamp on it. So I went over there and I had a wonderful time with my family and wouldn't believe this. Okay, so so I had done all my crying before I went there so it was more of like a catch up with my family. My mom, my grandma is 85 years old and so she had been looking after my granddad who passed away. Uh but she'd been homebound for quite some time uh just looking after him. But they were always out doing stuff. They were always like camping or you know very um active people even in their later years until he got sick. So my brother ended up talking to my uncle who arranged a whitewater river rafting trip and I went on a whitewater river rafting trip with my 85 years old grandma and it was so much fun. she was going woohoo and like oh it was just it was the highlight of of my year and and um and then I remembered while we were on the the raft because I'd been so busy all year with the factory and and everything was just always busy. So and I got to I just got to sit there and just enjoy and and and I love the outdoors. I yeah I was in an outdoors program at the university and we got to do all these things and I had signed up to do a whitewater river rafting um adventure but then I came to New Zealand so it was always kind of on my bucket list uh to do and while we were on the river rafting trip and I had forgotten this ages ago while we were on the uh river I was like he remembered &gt;&gt; and this is this is going back 20 years ago he remembered but I always wanted to do it and I got to do it with my 85-year-old grandma So that was so so special and I I remember teaching the children prior to that thinking he doesn't forget those things. He remembers everything. And then the next thing was um uh I taught I was teaching the children about gifts and callings and really seeking not the worldly things. Our desire shouldn't be for houses and other things. They're going to pass away. Can I just tell you I think houses are so dumb. They're just dumb. Like if you're spending your whole life to get a house, I just think it's the dumbest thing. Like I I'm gonna be honest. Like I go to America and I see all the big trucks. I see all the big houses and I see emptiness. &gt;&gt; Nobody's happy. And so I've never desired the houses or the things of of this world. And what has always been well when I was teaching the Sunday school, I was like, man, what what is your biggest accomplishment is finding your gift and calling, finding your calling in this life. you know that that and and then you and then you go and do it and then the Lord is pleased with you and then you get to heaven and you're like woo there's my house there's all this stuff you know I get to be here for eternity that's when we get it but anyways that's my um and so I was telling the children this and I was saying gifts and callings and then I think Isaac shared the testimony that we went up the mountain and I always was a support to Isaac um went up the mountain I always thought I'll support him on his ventures you know let's go yeah I'm following behind you and sometimes the terrain is treacherous and I'm like yeah okay let's go. Yeah, I'm following. Yeah, I really want to come. And um so that's kind of been our our walk. Yeah, I'm right behind you. Yeah. And on our walkway like I cut my tights and I and I was in my white shoes. I think you shared the testim in my mind. I'm going this is so stupid. What am I doing? I had a trail. The trail was nice and so but it reenacted. It was quite cool because it reenacted probably most of our life, would you say? And I'm doing this together. And then we get to the top and I see my name there and the year I was born and I was like and it dawned on me, this is actually my calling. I'm not just supporting him. This is what God's called me to do. I'm here with him doing it. So um uh and then and then the movie came about. we were able to finish it this year and now I don't just feel like a support. I'm like, "Yeah, that's our movie. This is what we're doing." So, it um those are the the two things that were really special about this year. So, I look forward to the next year and it's probably going to be a battle like every other year, but at the end I'm like, "Yes." As Isaac would say, "Bring it on. I'm ready." So, I'm ready for the next year and and um looking forward to the years ahead because um yeah, it's exciting being a Christian. It is so exciting and I am so happy teaching Sunday school and staying in your spot. So, yeah, to all the parents out there, you deserve a gold medal around your neck. Keep going and go stronger than ever before. Okay, God bless you. We got a little open mic session. Anyone have a testimony they'd like to share? &gt;&gt; Just okay. Yeah. Anybody want? You want piano? &gt;&gt; Can we get her a mic? Yeah. Let's get a 197 Let us be glad andj can you put up um Psalms 19 and then you guys might sing it too. I don't know if this is going to be the right thing. &gt;&gt; Go on to the Bible. The actual This is word for word of of the Bible, isn't it? most of it. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So, go to if you just bring the Bible up. &gt;&gt; It feels high. &gt;&gt; We're trying to find it. &gt;&gt; Is it Psalms or Revelations? Yeah. &gt;&gt; Oh, sorry. Revelations 197. Sorry. Did I say Psalms? &gt;&gt; Oh, Bible student over here. I feel I think I'm ready. Sorry, guys. Let us be glad and rejoice and be wrong. I'm starting again. Let us be glad and give honor to her for the marriage of the lamb is made herself ready to given that she should be in fine linen pure and sorry for the fine linen is the rightous blessed are They would jugle unto the marriage supper of the lamb. to the mar of the lamb. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him. For the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife has made us ready. And her was granted that she should be array in fine linen clean and wine. For the fin is the rightousness of s. Blessed are they which are called unto the marriage supper of the lamb. until the marriage supper of the lamb. I really like sister K. She's honest with me. I'm so naughty sometimes. I think cuz I know I look I know in my heart there's ways I do songs and sister K hates it when I do it like that. It's like there's older songs that you got to do it a certain way and I'm like I can't like that way. So I change the beat, right? She hates it. So, so one night I was sitting, you know, I should really be in a more spiritual mode, but I'm sitting at home going through these songs and I think, I want to do that song. And I think, oh, Sister K like that. A little laugh, you know. And then I come to church and I look around, I think, yes, she's not here today. You know, she must been away. And she streamed into the service and I'd said, "Oh, it's just a case not here. I can do the song this way." And she was streaming in. She said she almost threw the remote at the screen or something. And boy oh boy did I get it when she got back in a nice way. That's good. I like it. She She's honest with me and she gives me good feedback. It's good. I like it. I really like Sister K. Um let's have We're just going to have the Gone Girls do a song and then I'm going to call Brother Ben up after that. Song number two. Blessed assurance Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time at the time. Born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And what he did for me on Calary is more than enough. I trust in God. Oh my savior. The one who will never fail. You'll never fail. I trust in God. Oh my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Perfect submission. All is I know the author of tomorrow and so did my st. So this is my story and this is my song. &gt;&gt; Praising my ris king and savior. all the day long. I trust in God. Oh my savior who will never fail. He will never fail. I trust in God. Oh my savior, the one who will never fail. He'll never fail. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord and he heard and he that's why I just I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust in you. That's why I trust in I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust in you. That's why I trust in God. Oh my savior. The one who will never fail. He'll never fail. I trust in God. Oh my savior. The one who will never fail. You will never fail. Praise the Lord. God &gt;&gt; praise the Lord. Before we go into communion and footwashing, I just like to call up brother Abasha here to uh bring a greeting. Uh he is a pastor in Zimbabwe. He's uh sister Barbara's older brother. So, brother, do you want to come and just share what the Lord's placed on your heart? That' be real nice. &gt;&gt; Amen. Come forward, my brother. God bless you. Good evening to you all. &gt;&gt; The precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. It's good to be here. Amen. &gt;&gt; Welcome to the end of 2025. &gt;&gt; Amen. Um, I just want to say a few things. maybe that will bless us. Um we'd like to read from John 3:1 16 familiar scripture. Verse 16 and 17. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. For a word of prayer. Lord God Almighty, we are so thankful, Lord, to be in your house this evening. We just pray, Father God, that the words that have been read, you might give us something to think about, something to help us as we go along, as we carry into 2026. Help us, Lord Jesus Christ. May I anoint the few words of exaltation in Jesus Christ's holy name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. You know, there's something about preachers. One time I I got to a place I'd had no intention to there. I'd actually gone to buy a car and uh it was just at the border. There's a pastor there. Then he tells me, "Brother, you will not go back till you preach to us." I know Bible. I had no nose sight nothing. So he said I'll take care of that. So after I preached then he said well now you can go. I' I'd like just to talk about the love of God expressed. Amen. The love of God expressed. Now when God loved He gave. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When he gave, he didn't just give part of what he had. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; He gave all &gt;&gt; that he had. &gt;&gt; And there was his only begotten son. &gt;&gt; He didn't have many. so that it would remain with others. He gave the only one he had. He was prepared to lose that one because he had many other sons and daughters that he could not fellowship with because they were in captivity. When you go to Romance, Romans chapter 8 verse 29. For whom he did forno, he also did predestinate to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the first born among many brethren. Amen. That's why God had to give away his only begotten son so that you would be able to get the other sons. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now when you love you give &gt;&gt; is that right? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; You just don't love and stand still. &gt;&gt; You go a further that is to give. Amen. We also here in Ro Hebrews chapter 2 verse 19 verse 9-4 but we see Jesus who was made a little lower than the angels, for the suffering of death, crowned with glory and honor, that by the grace of God, should taste death for every man. For it became him, for whom are all things, and by whom all things, in bringing many sons unto glory, to make the captain of their salvation perfect through sufferings. For both he that sanctifieth, and they who are sanctified are all of one, for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brethren. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Aren't you happy to know that Jesus is not ashamed &gt;&gt; to call us brothers, his brothers and his sisters? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren in the midst of the church. Uh will I sing praise unto thee, and again I will put my trust in him, and again, behold, I and the children which God hath given me. For as much then, as the children are partakers of flesh and blood, he also himself likewise took part of the same, that through death he might destroy him that had the power of death, that is the devil. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now verse 17 of John chapter 3. He says, "For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world." Hallelujah. Amen. Love does not condemn. Are we together? &gt;&gt; If you've got true love, you don't condemn. &gt;&gt; The world was evil. God saw it. But the love that was in him could not make him condemn that world. &gt;&gt; He loved it. &gt;&gt; When we see the the sinner, it doesn't matter what state he is in. All right. You look at him. You look at her. Do you condemn? She could be that wicked. He could be that wicked. But if we've got the love of God, Amen. We don't condemn. Amen. &gt;&gt; We still have got hope for that person. &gt;&gt; We love that person. &gt;&gt; You know, many times when I look at people, doesn't matter how they look. Something just says to me, "That's a precious soul. &gt;&gt; That's a precious soul." It could be a drunkard. It could be a gambler. Could be anything. But when you look at that person, you say, "That's a precious soul." You don't condemn. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But if you are self-righteous, you condemn. That's what self-righteousness does. It condemns. &gt;&gt; You remember that um that Pharisee in the temple. &gt;&gt; Amen. Lord, I thank you. I'm not like other people. I'm not an extortioner. I'm not like this and that. I pay my tithe. I fast twice a day uh a week. Is that right? I'm not like that sinner over there. &gt;&gt; Self-righteousness. &gt;&gt; You're condemned. So once you begin to feel that spirit in you, when you see somebody that's in the wrong, just begin to think, what do I have? &gt;&gt; The love of God or my selfrighteousness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now Christ on the cross, what did he say? Father, forgive them. They don't know what they're doing. &gt;&gt; That's love. &gt;&gt; It doesn't condemn. He didn't say, "Father, you destroy them." &gt;&gt; He didn't say that. Amen. &gt;&gt; The love that was in him. It said forgive them. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So out of God's love is forgiveness. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You can't say you love somebody if you fail to forgive that somebody. It's impossible. &gt;&gt; Amen. For parents, you can't say you love your children when you fail to forgive them. &gt;&gt; For husbands and wives, you can't say you love your spouse if you fail to forgive them. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. So how how can we be saved if you're not forgiven? So forgiveness is an expression of love. Amen. Now when God gave his only begotten son, he made him to be sin for us. &gt;&gt; Is that right? He took our place so that we will take his place. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now when he was in the hands of the Roman soldiers, he was bitten, mocked, stripped naked, killed, and then buried &gt;&gt; because he was made sin. When he was bitten, it was sin that was being bitten. When he was mocked, it was sin that was being mocked. When he was stripped naked, it was sin that was being stripped naked. Amen. And that sin was buried for eternity. Hallelujah. Amen. I just like to end up with this quote. Why can't why some people can't keep the victory and I think today brother when he taken one thing not an intellectual being but it taken the love of God to send Christ to the cross to die there in disgrace and shame. And you mean to tell me that the Pentecostal church or any other church will turn down the real love of God? I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ is the power of God to salvation. If you'd rather say holy roller, let us act like that as long as the as the love of God's down in my heart. Certainly doesn't matter. Oh brother, God gave the Holy Spirit, God's love to control the church. Not smart, educated, but love. Gifts goes in the church but it don't control the church. &gt;&gt; Love controls the church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God so loved the world he gave his only begotten son his love constrained him to do it. And when love is constrained, then sovereign grace projects its object. May I say that again? When divine love is projected, grace produces its object. When God loved the world so much, till sovereign grace projected a savior to the world. Yes indeed. And when you love God so much, sovereign grace will project to you the baptism of the Holy Ghost to make you love and love and to be a real Christian. When the love of God is expressed, amen, you forgive, you don't condemn. Amen. You still have hope for everyone. &gt;&gt; Amen. You don't shut the door. Amen. The door is still open. &gt;&gt; Amen. As much as God had mercy upon you, he still can have mercy upon that one. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Are we together? &gt;&gt; It's not our job to write off some people. No. Amen. Hallelujah. May the good Lord bless you. Just like to end up with this song, brother Isaac can just sing the love of God. Good day. Tell it all. I know I know you till it love forever. Praise the love of God. How rich and pure, how meless and strong. We shall forever one more and kingdom within here refuse to pray and rocks and bound. God's love so sure all and redeeming grace to Let us pray with saints and your soul. Oh love of God. How rich and pure, how meous and strong. It show more endure. The saints and your son will be with me. the ocean. And were the skies of parchment laid? Were every stone on earth equipped? and every man a stri by dream to ride the love of God above would drain the old shocker the world contain the Oh no. Oh love God. Oh love God. How rich and pure. How meantless and strong it shall forever more endure the saints and your soul. I mean just one more time just the voices. Oh love of God, how rich and pure, how meous and strong it shall forever endure. the saints say Jerus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother. I really appreciate that. &gt;&gt; You enjoy that. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. Just going to read a couple of scriptures. Thank you, musicians. And um sorry, I don't have any slides tonight. Um, but we're just going to go to Psalms 124 and we're going to read verses 1 to 8 and then we're going to go read read from 2 Timothy 2 and 13. So, let's let's just turn to Psalms 124 and verses 1 to8. It's been it's it has been maybe we'll just read this. I'll begin. But it's good to see everyone here tonight. Amen. See everyone? Is everyone there? &gt;&gt; Amen. So Psalms 124:1-8, the song of degrees of David. If had if it had had not been the Lord who was on our side, now may Israel say, if it had not been the Lord who was on our side when men rose up against us, then then they had swallowed us up quick when their wrath was kindled against us. Then the waters had overwhelmed us. The stream had gone over our soul. Then the proud waters had gone over our soul. Blessed be the Lord who hath not given us as a prey to their teeth. Our soul is escaped as a bird out of the snare of the fowlers. The snare is broken and we are escaped. Our help is in the name of the Lord who hath made heaven and earth. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Then we go to second Timothy uh 2 and13. And um I just want to yeah just just read this here. It says um so 2 Timothy 2:13 and it says here if we believe not yet he abideth faithful he cannot deny himself. Now this is in the uh I think the Young's literal translation says if we are not steadfast he remainth steadfast to deny himself he is not able. That's right. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's just bow heads in a word of prayer tonight. Thank you Lord. We so appreciate your great divine love. Hallelujah. We just want to bow our heads with thanksgiving in our hearts. Just want to ask Lord as we've read your word once again. We pray you'd anoint both speaker and hear. We thank you for this evening we could have. We love you so much. Just pray you'd uh just continue to be with us during this service in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats tonight. So uh this year is has has been quite a year and I think it's been a theme you know through the songs the testimonies of of God has remained faithful &gt;&gt; in every circumstance and I can say that this year it has actually been the best year like I it's to me it's not a cliche I'm sure we say it every year we probably do it because really you know but but this year has literally been the best year in a long time &gt;&gt; we've been through a lot of things you know we know We've been through a lot of things, but I'm so thankful I'm not the person I was this time a year ago. I'm so thankful I'm not that guy. The Lord had to do a big thing to shake me and wake me up. I was drifting along half asleep, but God had to shake me. I remember before Christine had the accident there in June, I dropped her off at at at her work and I was driving out the gate there at the hospital and I was praying and then something came over. I said, "Lord," and and I just came out of my lips. "Lord, make me more sincere." I thought, "Where did that come from?" You know, this wasn't something I was bothered by, but it just came out. Then couple of days later, she was rearended on the motorway and we know the rest of the story. But I'm so thankful in this whole thing, I can literally say the Lord has carried us through. &gt;&gt; We've been carried like as sister Tabitha was felt led to read that poem. We can look back on 2026 and say, "I can see one set of footprints. It's not my footprints. is his footprints. I mean, as he has carried us through and you know, it it it's been phenomenal to see God, you know, like when Christine was hit by the car, you know, the Lord just dropped in her heart. Romans 8:28. And we know all things work together for the good &gt;&gt; of those that love God and called according to his purpose. And that's all things, not the things you like, not the things that are agreeable to you, but all things work together for your good. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, this accident has been a blessing. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; It's been a tremendous year. God has done incredible things and he has always remained faithful. I think it's one thing we can look back and we can we can we can realize he is the unfailing faithful God. &gt;&gt; Amen. When we want to quit, we want to give up, we want to just shell up, he's like, "No, I'm not going to let you do that. I'm going to shake you until you get out of your cage cuz I want you to fly with me. I want to prove in you what you have in you already. I want to prove it. But I'm going to bring you through many things, deep waters, trouble, trials, testing. But I'm going to show you, you are one in a million. &gt;&gt; You're worth more than 10,000 worlds. You're very valuable. You're the apple of my eye. And you know, and and God has God has always remained faithful. So I thank God for this year. I thank God for all of you and those who are not here, but you know, you know, who are who are traveling. But I thank God for what a wonderful body &gt;&gt; it's been. It's been so amazing just to see everyone rally and and be a help and be a blessing and I mean as you all are anyway but it's just been wonderful to be part of it's been wonderful to see you know sadly this year is a you know been a year of shaking you know sadly we had the sturs leave and the enquiners have gone they've gone to uh you know to Perth and you know the strokes have gone up north and and and that was quite a shock right quite a loss &gt;&gt; amen okay but some of us agree I'll speak for everyone, but you know, but God had to do that cuz I think we got comfortable. Maybe I just speak to myself. I got comfortable. So God had to allow gifts to move for other gifts to take their place, you know. So I'm so thankful for brother Ed who's taken over the Sunday school. So thankful for for fish here who's taken over the youth group and of course, brother Jimmy has taken over the prayer meetings on the Monday night there with the youth. So I'm so glad these ones have all stepped up and you know, and then many others see the band. You know, I just enjoy it. You know, you know, I sit in my lounge and what you see here, I just see at home. I don't have to come here to see it. I just see it at home. The girls start singing and playing and I just enjoy it. &gt;&gt; I feel blessed, &gt;&gt; you know. Then then other youth come and start jamming and you know, it's neat. &gt;&gt; It's neat to see gifts evolve and and God moving people into different positions and you know, but this year has been a year. So if I'm rambling, well, you know, it's been a year. I can ramble a bit, I feel. But we've been through a lot. &gt;&gt; But we can look back and we can say, I'm not that person. &gt;&gt; I'm a better Christian. &gt;&gt; I'm a bit, you know, God is God has done a work. And and many times it's the fire and the hardship God uses to bring out the best. You know, you take a diamond. It's been in the heart of the earth under intense pressure, but it becomes a precious jewel. It's carbon like coal is, but it's been forced under great pressure. It's been molded into the hardest substance, I think, known to man. I think, you know, and but but now it's a very precious jewel. And men go digging deep under the earth to find these things that have been molded. And God has done that in our lives. He's taken us. He's put us under great pressure because he knows what we're made of. And he wants us now to come, not be buried, those gifts to be buried under the earth, this humanity, but to come forth into the sunlight. But first, it's got to be cut by the word. &gt;&gt; And then and then now what does he do? He can now reflect his his deity through us. Put us in his crown. Amen. And we are his precious jewels by his supreme grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, it's been it's been a great year. And I've just been thinking a bit about, you know, how uh in the Old Testament, they would they would have a yearly season of feasts. You know, you read it in I think Leviticus 23:24, the seven feasts over the year. And you know, and you know, every year they'd come and and you know, they would, for example, they'd have the feast of the Passover. And so we're going to have the Lord's table tonight, you know, which is the, you know, the Passover was pointing to, you know, Calvary and its great sacrifice and the Lord and, you know, how we become one with our sacrifice. But every year they would come back and they'd have this feast. And I believe I believe it wasn't just to have a perpetual, oh, this is what we do every year. But I believe that God puts these things in time that becomes a landmark that we'd come back. So, so we've come back to another New Year's Eve and we can look back now back at a year of what God has done &gt;&gt; and we can say God has taken us higher. You know, you know what we read there in Psalms, a song of degrees that that actually means a song of ascension. We have ascended you know from through 2025 God has taken us higher in him. The word has become more real, become more personal, become more alive. I mean, God has become more, you know, his faithfulness has become more real to us. You know, he's he's revealed himself in a more personal way. This is just my experience, you know, where where where I've come to a point in my life where there's nothing to fear, where God is more than able. He he's he's he's power he's the all powerful almighty God. And, you know, he's he's made it so concrete that we are his children. And it's his grace that sustains us, keeps us, guides us, and leads us. And we have nothing to fear in this world. No weapon of hell, no scheme of man. Nothing can pluck us out of his hand. I pray that's more than a song, but it's a reality to us now. As we look back in this year, we say, "God, you've been faithful." When I have not been faithful, yet he has a birth. He has stayed faithful because he is faithful and true. It's what he is. Amen. And he cannot deviate from that because that is what he is. Amen. And and so we can look back and say, "Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; You are the faithful one. &gt;&gt; You're the one holding us. You're the one that's kept us. You're the one who's delivered us. We cry out to you and in your great grace, you've answered our prayers. You've been mindful of us. You've remembered us in this dark chaos and you've kept us." Amen. And so I think we can we can look back as they would have a feast. You the feast every year. And you know, they could look back and say, "God, you've been faithful." And we can look back and say, "God, you've been faithful and true." And I was thinking about Enoch because Enoch is a type of us and he was, you know, he was a shadow. We're the reality. And you know, Enoch walked with God. &gt;&gt; He walked with God for 300 years. I was saying, "What a blessing that would be to have 300 years to walk with God." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, naturally, we will never have that because our lifespan isn't that long. Naturally speaking, we're going to walk with him for eternity. So, it's okay. But you see, but he was so blessed for 300 years. I got to walk with you, Lord. And I walked all the way home with him. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, we've had a blessed 365 more days &gt;&gt; walking with God. &gt;&gt; Him proving his word. You think about sitting there like Enoch and you know maybe maybe the day before his translation he'd look back and say Lord I've had no I don't have the maths but you could break it down how many hours 300 years is and how many days and how many seconds and but but but he would probably look back and say Lord you have proven your word. You've proven your faithfulness, your integrity, your strength, your power, your deliverance, your guidance for 300 years. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And we can look back and say, "Lord, maybe you became a Christian this year. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Maybe you've been a believer many years, but you can look back and say, Lord, all my life, you have been faithful. You have been true. I have not been leading myself, Lord. You've been leading me on this path. &gt;&gt; You found me. You interrupted my program. You revealed yourself to me. And now, Lord, I've had another blessed year walking with you." &gt;&gt; Amen. through valleys, through fires, through trials, on mountains, every through every kind of thing. &gt;&gt; But God's been good. &gt;&gt; God has proven himself in every single situation. So, we can look back at this year and say, "Thank you, Lord. You have abided faithful. You've remained steadfast when we have not been steadfast because you cannot deny who you are." And so I think as we as we now kind of change the service and we and we approach the Lord's table, um if we don't foot washing before midnight, I think that's okay. Don't you think we can just maybe take the communion then pray in the new year then go our ways, you know? I think that's okay. Don't you think? Is that okay? Cuz I want it because this year we may not be here in a year, &gt;&gt; right? We might we might be in glory. &gt;&gt; That's okay, &gt;&gt; you know? So I think why don't we as we prepare ourselves as we you know we're going to read 1 Corinthians 11 you know but why don't we just prepare our hearts say Lord you've brought me thus far &gt;&gt; you will not fail me &gt;&gt; you haven't brought me this far to lose me you haven't brought me this far to let me wander off but you've saved me to keep me right &gt;&gt; and you're more than able and I tell you what friends we are ascending &gt;&gt; every day we're going higher with the Lord. You know that's why you know many things we as we you know the opening scripture was he has broken our soul has escaped as the bird out of the snare of the fowlers the snare is broken and we are escaped. &gt;&gt; God has broken snares &gt;&gt; in our lives. Snares of fear complexes anxiety worry doubt unbelief superstition. They've been broken &gt;&gt; family complexes, worries about are you really powerful enough God to give the victory. He's proven it. &gt;&gt; All of hell could be against you. You can stand there victorious against that thing. Because if God before you, who can be against you? &gt;&gt; Nothing. You will walk out packing the victory. &gt;&gt; Right? So we can we can we can say truly we have escaped. &gt;&gt; We haven't we haven't partially escaped. We are completely free. Who the sun is set free is free indeed. &gt;&gt; So we can we can approach 2026 and say thank you Lord. &gt;&gt; You are the faithful one. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you'll be faithful tomorrow and the next day and you will always be faithful and we can trust you like never before &gt;&gt; because your word is true. This message works. Amen. There is untapped resources, untapped power in God that I believe in 2026, God's going to open his word and do incredible things. We haven't plateaued. We're not called to plateau. We're calling we're called to ascend. This message is an un unfolding of the mighty God, the unveiling of the mighty God, right, in our lives. So, what are we going to do? We're going to keep going up. Are there going to be trials? Yes. Is there going to be hardship? Yes. Valleys? Yes. Unexpected things happening. Yes. But in all those things, God will be with you and Amen. I remember standing there in Wellington airport. This is just after Christine had the accident. Remember I went to brother Daniel White's youth camp and there I am standing there Noel and I was traveling well I was traveling near Anelise and Noel because they didn't want me to sit with them in the airplane. That's a whole another story anyway. But but I'm there and I and and and I'm unbelievably conflicted. Unbelievably. There's my wife. Just had this accident. Can't speak really. Concussed, severely severe whiplash at home. Her sister and mom's come down to look after all the, you know, everyone's rallying all these things. But here I am. I'm about to get on a plane to go to another country and to preach a youth camp. I'm thinking, what am I doing? what am I doing? She's like, you have to go. So, happy wife, happy life. Okay, but that's the kind of person she is. Go do what the Lord has called you to do. I'm there at the um there at the departure lounge, uh walking up and down, pacing, thinking, Lord, what am I doing? I should stay and I should quit. Maybe I'll just try my mind. I'll just get them to go on the plane because they can get there and I'll stay home. And then the Lord's just dropping scripture in and scripture, you know, cuz I'm preaching there at the youth camp. And I'm like, well, I'm go. I guess I'm going. And no, but it was, you'd have to be in that situation to understand. You're so conflicted. I'm sure all husbands would understand. What are you doing naturally? You should not be leaving the country while this is going on. But God is just dropping in scripture and quickening things and things for me to preach. And you know, young people were set free over there. God did great things. But he was God was faithful. You all rallied, looked after her. I was there. God took care of it all. We came home. You know, all these things. But even in great distress and trials and questions, God is faithful. &gt;&gt; That's what I'm get to there. Amen. So, let's um let's just all turn to 1 Corinthians uh 11 and um Let's just read here because as we come forward and take of the Lord's table, you are you're making a public declaration that you and your sacrifice have become one. Like in the very very first Passover there in Egypt, they took the lamb, they killed the lamb, they roasted the lamb with bitter herbs, and they ate the lamb. So before that was all and before that all happened, there was the family and there was the lamb. They're two separate things. But then after that was all said and done, all you saw was the family walk out under the blood because they became one with their sacrifice. And as we read this, as we approach the Lord's table, you're you're you're telling the world, I've become one with the Lord Jesus Christ. So, I'm walking by his power, his anointing, by his word. It's no longer I that liveth, but it's my sacrifice in me. If I could put it's it's Christ in me, the hope of glory. Amen. So, we're just going to read from um verse uh 23 in 1 Corinthians 11 because this is a sacred night. I believe you this out. We may never have another New Year's Eve. Let's prepare our hearts like never before for whatever. Remember, the Lord knows 2026. But may we walk with grace and assurance that whatever happens, God is in control of all things. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you. That the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread and when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take, eat. This is my body which is broken for you. This do in remembrance of me." After the same manner also he took the cup, when he had sucked, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do ye as oft as you drink it in remembrance of me. For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he come. Wherefore, whosoever shall eat this bread and drink this cup of the Lord unworthily shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord. But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup. For he that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. For this cause many are weak and sickly among you and many sleep. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. And but when we are judged, we are chastened of the Lord that we uh that we should not be condemned with the world. Wherefore, my brethren, when you come together to eat, tarry one for another, and if any man hunger, let him eat at home, that ye come not together under condemnation, and the rest will I set in order when I come. So we need to examine our lives before we partake of. We know this is symbolic. The wine is symbolic of his blood. The unleven bread is symbolic of his body. But we need to examine our lives. Lord, is my life under the blood? Are there any sins I need to confess and make right? Those things are important before you come and partake because you're showing the world that you have become one with your sacrifice. Now I just want to read I just want to I just want to read a quote from uh it's from remembering the Lord and he says this this is the end of the sermon or near the end he says he says we remember the blessings that you have been to us and re we remember your word that you would never leave us nor forsake us old age will have nothing to do it you'll still remember us when the world shall be no more and time shall fade into eternity It is written something like this. Could a mother forget her suckling babe? I can never forget you. You've you're you're engraved upon the palms of my hands the nails that engraved our names. We know that you remember us, Lord. And may you always be in our fondest memories as our savior, our healer, our king, our lover, our life, our sunshine, our all and all. That's that inexhaustible fountain of God's grace and love to we fallen human beings of God of Adam's family. Grant it, Lord, as we commit ourselves to thee now, going from the tabernacle tonight, remembering Jesus. Amen. I thought that so blessed me how it says that we know you remember us, Lord. See, because he says, "Do these things in remembrance of me." But the Lord remembers us. We He doesn't forget us. &gt;&gt; We're on his mind constantly, on his heart, constantly. He cares very much what you're going through. So, never think you're out of out of sight and out of mind with God. His eye is always upon us and we're always on his heart. Amen. So, let's let's stand, shall we? Brother Kaben, if you want to if you want to come forward and maybe you want to um Yeah. Let's um I want to sing that song. God's power is alive. Maybe we should sing that first, don't you think? Amen. Should we sing that first? This is still the truth. This is still the life. Amen. And then and then we'll pray for the um the wine and the bread, you know, the elements of the Lord's table. Then then then we can as you feel led, you can come forward and and partake. Amen. So I just want to sing this song. We could just we could just sing the this course and the other course a couple of times. Amen. Is he still alive? Yes, he is. Is he going to be alive in 2026? Absolutely. Is he going to prove his word? Amen. Amen. Amen. So, what about the truth? What about the light? What about the message? Is it still alive? Oh, think upon his goodness. What he's done in our lives. Oh, it's not just some story. God's power is alive. life. Oh, what about the truth? What about the life? What about the message? Is it still alive? Oh, think upon his goodness that he's done our lives. Oh, it's not just some story. God's power is alive. Oh, this is still the truth. This is still the lie. This is still the message. Yes, it's still alive. Oh, think about his goodness that he's done in our lives. It's not just some story. God's power is alive. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Join me here. Amen. Let's just bow our heads in our hearts tonight. Amen. Let's pray. I'm going to just put this down. Heavenly Father, truly we can say, "Lord, your power is still alive. Your word is true. You are faithful, my God. You've been faithful. And we've come here this night to give you thanks, Lord, to appreciate you, Lord, all our lives. Lord, that you abide faith. You keep us, Lord, through many great trials and hardships and struggles, but Lord, you brought us out the other side, the victory, Lord. Your supernatural grace is still amazing to us, Father. Thank you, Lord, for carrying us through 2025. Thank you, Lord, that there's one set of footprints behind us, which is your footprint. you carrying us and we believe Lord your grace will carry us through 2026 Father Lord be the year Lord where our bodies are changed in Christ rise Lord we're looking forward to that moment Lord until then Lord may our hearts always be surrendered to you Lord may we carry your grace in our hearts Lord may we love you more than anything else Lord Jesus as we walk with you may we trust you more Lord Jesus you're still the great shepherd and you go before us so father I just pray to Go as we remember Lord your great sacrifice of Calvary. Lord we know Lord without that where would we be? Thank you Lord that we don't sacrifice a natural lamb Lord year by year oh God but you gave your body Lord one offering your perfected forever and ever to sanctify. Thank you dear God for your sufficient sacrifice of Calvary. So Lord I pray you bless this breadl &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus unleaven bread that represents your body that was marred Lord more than any other man. Lord God, we know Lord Jesus, you did that for a purpose. Lord, your love was released, expressed that day. We thank you for that, Father. Pray, Lord, you bless us unleaven bread. Lord, bless this wine, dear God. Father, represents your blood that was poured out in its fullness, Father. Lord, we just so thankful there's still healing in the cup, Lord Jesus. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that we can go into 2026, Lord, by the power of your Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; So, I pray to God for the congregation here, Lord Jesus. Lord, those who are not here, they're sick or traveling. Father, we think of my Robin who's feeling unwell. Be her abundant portion this time. Lord, everyone else, dear God, who's not here, Lord, I pray you'd bless them. May you keep them, Father, us here, too, Lord. Lord, forgive us of our sins, Lord. Lord, cover us in your blood, dear God. Cleanse us of our sacred faults, Lord. Father, Lord, our iniquities. May they not be remembered no more. Forgive us of them as well, dear God. May we be completely under your blood. And father, we just want to pray as well for the bride around the world. Lord Jesus, may may this new year's be a tremendous blessing to each one, dear God, no matter what they're going through. Father, may 2026 be such a year of victory, of liberty, Lord, of your great grace, Lord, manifesting itself in power, Lord. May you grant it, Father. May it be a year, Lord, with every divine promise of your word, Lord Jesus, manifested in our lives. We love you so much and we thank you, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats and No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I leave. And if I look in, it seems like it's broken. I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. Death defeating, promise keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promise keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promise keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working.
