################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-10 - 1105-25 - Whose Mouthpiece Are You - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-10
Title:    1105-25 - Whose Mouthpiece Are You? - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CgXHPejBBxE
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Praise the Lord. Good morning. Good to see you all here this morning. You ready? Ready to praise the Lord. You're feeling good. Had a good sleep. All like, thankful that you're alive. Could be dead right now. Not that not that that's overly a bad thing, but when you're alive here, you have hope because you're alive. I believe it was Solomon that said, you know, there's no there's no desire. There's there's there's nothing in the grave. Once you're there, you're done. That's it. You know, regardless of what sort of situation we're in, if we wake up, we've got hope. It's Mother's Day today. Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers here. [Music] [Applause] I always did love my mother growing up. Still do. Always loved her. Um I remember being a kid maybe six, seven years old. We lived out in the country. There were like seven of us kids, children. So there was, you know, quite a big family and quite close together. So it was I looking back I think it was a lot of work for my mom to raise us all and um my father would take us out fishing maybe on a Saturday and we had this old Holden HQ station wagon in those days you all just piled in. I remember sitting in the back looking the other way out the back window so you know so the car's driving this way but I'm looking out this way that we would just sit in the back like that. It was in the 80s man. Things were good. You can do what you want. was fun. And um we would be driving down our long driveway and I would be looking back at the house and seeing mom waving on on the deck as we were leaving. And I would be quite sad cuz I would think, "Oh, poor mom. You know, we're all leaving her and leaving her there by herself cuz dad would take all the boys away." I thought, "Man, she probably wants to come fishing with us, but poor mother has to stay home." As I got older, I realized, man, she would have been so happy. Like, yes, hope you guys go for a long time. Yeah. No, it's um yeah, happy Mother's Day to all the moms and we appreciate all that you do. And you know, home is not the same without a mom in it. So, yeah, let's um let's stand this morning, commit the service to the Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus, that we can be here this morning. Thank you, Lord, for your um your great creation, Lord, how you you made everything the way that you have, Lord. You made man, you made woman, you just made such a beautiful thing, Lord. Sometimes it's complicated, yet Lord, there's there's there is a simplicity about the whole thing, Lord. and we can just um serve you in simplicity and just love you and appreciate Lord that you've made each one of us different Lord and we just want to um we want to pray you'll um bless the service this morning. May you just um meet with us in a powerful way Lord as we each in our different ways. The Ms, the fathers, the children. We all just worship you and in the capacity that we know how, Lord, and the revelation that you've given us. We all just come to you where we are this morning, Lord. We don't try and be anything that we're not, Lord. But we just come here to worship you this morning. And we we can't fool you, Lord. You know, you know everything about us. You know who we are. So, we just want to come humbly and honestly before you this morning just to worship you and praise you. And may just speak to us, Lord, in the way that you speak to our own heart. Lord, you minister to each one differently. And I pray you touch each heart, every life this morning, Lord, that each one would leave here um knowing more about you and just receiving a touch from you this morning. Bless the word. Bless the ministry. May you inspire, continue to inspire. Brother Ben, Lord, as he ministers your word this morning and just bless the songs, too. We just pray and we just commit the service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing um for the Lord is marching on and his army is ever strong. You're the army of the Lord this morning. Amen. For the Lord is marching on, and his army is ever strong, and his glory shall be seen upon our land. Raise the anthem. Sing the vic song. Praise the Lord for the battle's won. No weapon formed against us will stand. For the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footsteps. No folk can stand against the sin. Afraid for the captain or the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footstep. No folk can stand against us in the frame. We are marching in Messiah's man. The keys of victory in his mighty hand. Let us march on to take our promised land. Oh, for the Lord is maring on, and his army is ever strong, and his glory shall be seen upon our land. For the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footstep. No fool can stand against us in a pray for the captain or the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footstep. No folk can stand against the sinner. This for the captain of the house. Hope for the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footstep. No hope can stand against the sin afraid. For the captain of the host, for the captain of the host is Jesus. We're following in his footstep. No f can stand against us in [Music] array. Amen. That's like a Jewish song, you know. You do this beat here. For the Lord is my. And you tap your feet, you know, and you walk around. He is ever strong and his glory shall be seen upon. Okay, that's that one there. See that? And you're not other songs you go like if it's bluegrass you go for the Lord is my See, it's the other the other But you don't do that in this one. Okay. You go for the Lord. It's one of those like if you What's another bluegrassy one is like I saw the light. You can do that and that one. No more darkness. No more. But this one, you got to go for the Lord. You got that? That's your music lesson for the day. Give me a beat. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah. It's you our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelu. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah cuz you are God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one heart. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship with one accord. Every praise, every praisees to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory hallelujah is to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. [Music] Sing hallelujah to our God. Sing glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. God our savior. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. God our savior. God our [Applause] savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes he. One more time. God our savior. Oh yes he is. God our savior. God our healer. God our deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Amen. Let's do that one. Let's do I saw the light. Give me an E. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness, no more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I wonder so aimless. Life filled with sin. Oh, I would let my dear Savior in. Then Jesus came like a stranger in the night. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I I was just like a blind man. I wandered alone. Worries and fears I claim for my home. And like a blind man, God gave back his sight. Well, praise the Lord, I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. I was a fool to wonder and straight. Straight is the gate and narrow is the way. Now I have traded the wrong for the right. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. Let's do one more time. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more darkness. No more night. Now I'm so happy. No sorrow inside. Praise the Lord. I saw the [Music] light. Amen. Praise the Lord. The light of the world this morning. Amen. If you've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice, tell the same old lies. If you're trying to fill the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom, a saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. We've all searched for the light of day in the dead of night. We've all found ourselves worn out from the same old fight. We've all run to things we know they just ain't right. There's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel long, he's a way maker. If you need freedom, save it. He's a prison shaking savior. If you got shame, he's a chain breaker. If you got pain, if you got pain, he's a pain. And if you feel love, he's a way maker. [Music] And if you need freedom, save it. He's a prison. Shake your savior. If you got shame, he's a chain break. Let's sing the first verse [Music] again. If you've been walking the same old road for miles and miles. If you've been hearing the same old voice tell the same old lies. If you've been trying to fill the same old holes inside, there's a better life. There's a better life. If you got pain, he's a pain taker. And if you feel lost, he's a way maker. And if you need freedom, a saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. If you got pain, if you got pain, he's a pain taker. If you feel lost, he's a way maker. If you need freedom, a saving, he's a prison shaking savior. If you got chains, he's a chain breaker. [Music] Let's just worship the Lord this morning. [Music] Jesus, son of God, we bless your name. Come abide with us and fill this place. Give to us forgiveness by your grace. [Music] We believe in you and we are saved cuz there is power in your name. There is power in your name. [Music] Saving power in your name. Redeeming power in your name. Jesus, lamb of God. We worship you. [Music] All your promises you give are true. Our hearts will sing of grace to mercies to through the dark. Your light came bursting through. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Saving power in your name. redeeming [Applause] power in your name. And to every loss and every fear, every broken and every tear, I declare this freedom and this hope in Jesus' name. Through every sickness and every pain, every thought and every chain, I declare this freedom and this hope in Jesus name. To every daughter and every son, every daddy, and every mom, I declare his freedom and his hope in Jesus name. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh, there's power. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Oh, there's power. There is power in your name. Saving [Applause] power in your name. What is power? There is power in your name. [Music] Redeeming power in your name. Oh, there's power. There is [Applause] power in your name. There is power in your name. Saving power. Saving [Applause] power in your name. [Music] redeeming power in your [Music] name. Oh, there's power. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Saving power. Saving power in your name. Redeeming power. In your name. Oh, there is power. There is power in your name. There is power. in your name. Saving power. Saving power in your name. Redeeming power in your name. There is power. There is power in your name. There is power in your name. Saving power. Saving power in your name. Redeeming power in your name. [Music] I'm here for my promise. I come and leave. No matter the problem, I know I'll [Music] receive. I'm here for my healing. His word says it's mine. So all other feelings I call you alive. I'm here for my victory. I lift up my hands. My faith is an army. And right here I'll stand. I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been given and I'm here for a fun. Yeah. Gates of hell you won't prevail. upon the rock of revelation. My faith won't fail. And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I'm claiming everything. I know who I am. I know where I stand and I have the soul of the king in my hand. Yeah. I'm here for my family. I'm here for my son. You might think you had him, but I know I have one. I'm here for my children. I'm here for my daughter. You might think you had her, but I'm coming for her. I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been given. And I'm here for a [Applause] fight. Yeah. Gates of hell, you won't prevail. On the rock of revelation, my faith won't fail. And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I'm [Music] claiming everything. I know who I am. I know who I am. And I know where I stand. And I have the song of the King in my head. Yeah. I'm claiming my healing. I'm claiming all my healing. I'm claiming all my blessing. I'm claiming all my victory. Yeah. I'm claiming my family. I'm claiming all my family. I'm claiming all my children. I'm claiming all he gave [Music] me. Yeah. I'm claiming my healing. I'm claiming all my healing. I'm claiming all my blessing. I'm claiming all my victory. Yeah. I'm claiming my family. I'm claiming all my family. I'm claiming all my children. I'm claiming all he gave [Music] me. Yeah. And I'm here for salvation. Jesus, you say through you I'm forgi. You conquered the grave. I'm here for my blessing. I'm here for my [Music] joy. No more depression. It's time to rejoice. I have authority and I'm coming for what's mine. I know what I've been [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] gi you won't prevail on the rock of revelation. My faith won't fail. And all that stands before me will all end up behind me. I'm claiming everything. I know who I am. I know who I am. I know where I stand. And I have the sword of the king in my [Music] hand. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. It is what it is. Amen. I know who I am. I know where I stand. Not standing on man's ideas. A good idea, something is trending. I'm standing on the eternal rock of revelation of God's word. Hallelujah. We are standing on a firm foundation this morning. And we don't have to ask the devil to give everything back. We command him by the authority of God's word. Amen. Thank you, musicians. Thanks. Amen. Brother Isaac, God bless you all this morning. Praise the Lord. Amen. Well, I'd like to welcome Jeff and be and the boys. God bless you. And an original Wellonian, God bless you. Amen. Great to have you here. And as brother Isaac said, happy Mother's Day. God bless all the mothers. Amen. The fifth gospel. You know, Brother Brham, he said how to break a nation. He didn't say break fatherhood. He said you break motherhood. You've broken a nation. That's how vital you are to the nation. Amen. To to to the people of God and everything. And like say happy birthday, Stephanie. God bless you. Happy birthday. Amen. Praise the Lord. Great to have everyone here today. Amen. Let's go in the scripture. We're going to go to um we're going to go to Revelations chapter 3. So many things are going on in this day and I'm so thankful to be part of the family of God. Aren't you glad you're in his economy? I mean, nothing's out of cada. Everything's running right on schedule. You're running on schedule, too, you know. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, so we're going to read here Revelations 3 and we're going to read from verse 14. Sorry again, I don't have a PowerPoint. I will get back to that one day, but um, sorry about that. Um, says Revelations 3 and 14. And it says, "And unto the angel of the church of Leadyians, write these things, sayeth the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works, thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou work cold or hot." So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I'll spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou saith, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich in and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. And just a bit of a context, we're going to go to the last chapter of Job. Job uh 42 and just a couple of verses here. So Job 427 and 8. Who enjoyed the prayer meeting on Wednesday night? Amen. Thank you, brother. Appreciate that. Amen. God bless you. Amen. So Job 42:7 and8 reads like this. Uh this is after you know God God has spoken answered Job and then he begins to address Job's friends. You could put that in friends you know anyway they thought they were doing a good thing but they weren't. And uh so it says here as and uh it was so that after the Lord had spoken these words unto Job, the Lord said unto Eleph the Temonite, my wrath is kindled against thee and against thy two friends. For thou have not spoken to me the thing that is right, as my servant Job hath. Therefore take unto you now seven bulocks and seven rams, and go to my servant Job, and offer up for yourselves a burnt offering. and my servant Job shall pray for you. For I for him will I accept, least I deal with you after your folly, in that ye have not spoken to me the thing which is right like my servant Job. And um Amen. So let's let's um let's bow heads in a word of prayer. But I just want to ask you a question. What have you come for today? What have you come what is what's your expectation for this service? just hear a good sermon or come in contact with Almighty God that whatever your needs are, your burdens are, you don't carry them away, but God steps on the scene and does the miraculous. Amen. I believe God could change all of our lives in these few moments. Amen. So, let's let's bring our needs before the Lord. You got financial need, spiritual need, whatever it is, health need, let's just lift it before the Lord. Almighty God, we want to thank you so much. We can gather in your presence once again, Lord. We do not take these opportunities for granted, Father. We appreciate so much we can gather Lord because Lord you said where two or three gathered in my name there you are in the midst Lord we acknowledge your presence among us even now we thank you for it Lord and pray to God you anoint speaker and hearer Lord Jesus meet every need father you know what's going on in all of our lives we want to thank you that Lord we're not out of your care out of your care Lord you're guiding us father you're watching over us you're shaping us into your image Lord we thank you for that father may you bless each one touch each life Lord whatever need Lord we have come in these doors with. Father, I pray we wouldn't walk out with them, but we'd walk out with an answer, saying, "Thank you, Lord." Hallelujah. Lord, a revelation would drop in our hearts, Lord, knowing that you have answered. You're on your way. You're working, Lord. We thank you so much. Be those who are streaming as well, Lord. Be their portion in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats um this morning. So, I want to pose a question about uh who's whose mouthpiece are you? Now, I want to I want to speak about these things. It's very important when we think about who are we speaking for because you know we understand that uh it's been a monumental uh week or couple of weeks. We had the previous pope die on uh Easter Monday. Then we had an American pope never happened in the history of the world as you know a pope come out of America and and it's a very significant we know what brother Brandham spoke about those things but you know uh because there came a time and I believe it already is you know what I really think is God allows these things to happen that we realize it's already there you know like you know like even if you look at uh um you know demon power's always been here right and you look at you know 20 years ago in the 80s the '9s a lot of demonic things were cartoonish you know the movies the films, they seem so innocent. But now with the with the advancement of technology and CGI and all these things, what it really is is no longer a cartoon, but it's really here and it's all of its horrible wicked detail. Right? So the same thing with the demon powers working in religious, political realms. They've already been here the whole time, but what we see now is the evidence of it. You know, to me, it's so astounding when you look at this where it says in Revelations 13 where where it says that the power would come out of the come out of the earth. And we know that this is America in prophecy. And you know, it would say that it would have two horns like a lamb, but it would speak as the dragon. So, so, so this nation that was birthed under freedom of religion would begin to turn would would morph or be or be deformed until it becomes the mouthpiece of the dragon itself. It's been here for a long time, folks. When brother said about how that Catholic system came in when Kennedy was voted in by a crooked voting machine, you know, that changed the whole course of America. But that that scripture and he spake as a dragon came into manifestation. They say, "Well, oh, this is going to get us ready." No, the power of God has called out a bride. Amen. We don't need persecution to call us out. We've been called out. But I say persecution will just manifest what's in you already. Amen. It's like the apostles, you know, when they came in before the Sanhedrin and they were commanded, don't preach in Jesus' name anymore, were threatened and beaten and all these things. Amen. It just came out the overcoming power of the Holy Ghost within them. They didn't bow to what the enemy wanted them to do. They said, "Who should we please, God or man?" Amen. And then and then said, "We're just going to keep preaching. We're going to keep doing what we do." And then they came and had a prayer meeting. God came down and shook the place. Amen. Filled them with a b boldness and they walked out more victorious when they walked in. Amen. So all that squeeze is just a is going to prove what's in you. I say even the squeeze of a lukewarmness of this age is proving what's in you already. Amen. Because remember, God is waiting, he God is preparing a bride. Okay? And when the bride goes up, Satan comes down is incarnate in the beast. Right? At the moment, he's a false prophet, the pope, right? But then Satan comes down, incarnates him, he becomes the beast incarnate, becomes Satan incarnate, right? Brother B talks about the fourth seal. But that can't happen until we go up. So what is the thing that's holding the wrath of God, the destruction of God? Like brother Ed said on Wednesday, it's sincere, sold out group of people, praying to the Lord, surrendered to God. So nothing's out of cater. God's getting you ready, right? You're you're the thing that has to come out of the way. Then God can do what he wants to do upon this earth in terms of the great tribulation. So don't get don't panic about those things because you realize if that's there, then I'm here. Amen. If the tears are doing what the tears are doing, the wheat's doing what it's doing, right? We can say, "Well, the tears are so advanced and so mature." No, they come up to maturity together. Amen. So, I think we can just rejoice. Amen. Right. Don't be afraid of these say, "Oh, what's going to happen?" God has you in his hand. I'm not even started what I'm talking about this morning, but I just want you to realize God has you in his hand. If you've been filled with the Holy Ghost, you're as safe as safe can be. You're sealed to the day of your redemption. Amen. But you see, as as America has become the mouthpiece of the dragon, I say, "Whose mouthpiece are you this morning?" I just want to read a quote before we move on with this thought. He says, "Now I'm going to say something. This is in recognizing your day and its message. Now I'm going to say something. National force put Israel in her homeland. National force will put the church in the world council of churches, but the power of God will put the people in the bride." I'm trust you can say that quote's been fulfilled in my life. The power of God has put me in the bride. The world forces this way, the world forces that way, but God forces upward. The spirit of God, which is the word of God, my word is spirit and life, will put the bride in her place because she'll recognize her position in the word. Amen. Amen. When she's in Christ, she'll put will put her in her place. No national force will do it. But the national force did drive Israel to the homeland. The national forces of the World Council of Churches will drive every organization into it. But the power of God will raise the bride into glory out of it. Amen. So what have we got to fear? That's why you know you probably look at last few years, last 10 years, however long, God has poured his spirit out more and more and more. Why? Because the power of God is putting her the bride into her position. Amen. Moving us higher in revelation. Amen. Causing us to realize who we are. Amen. That we realize we're not our own mouthpiece, but we are the mouthpiece of the Lord. Amen. But you see now we look here at uh Revelations 3 that I opened with is that there's three three three groups of people here. There's the cold, there's the lukewarm, and there's the hot. And each one each one will be speaking for something. Now, just to go um just here as a bit of a foundation, uh the hot can become lukewarm and then become hot again, right? Even if you're cold, there came a time when we were all cold. We're all indifferent. Even if you're raising the message, yeah, there's an indifference about you. Well, my parents are going to take me here. Why am I here? What's the point? What's the use? It doesn't speak to me. It goes over my head. Who cares? That's being cold. But then God begin to turn up the temperature. Begin to pour out his spirit upon you and begin to bring a conviction into your life. And you begin to realize, hey, he died for me. He's redeemed me. His blood's for me. Amen. This message is for me. It's come to identify me as the bride of Christ. Amen. And what happens then? Then a heat comes into your life. Amen. And a light begins to be ignited. Amen. What happens? You go from cold to hot. But God, but the devil don't want you hot. He wants you lukewarm cuz he's lukewarm. He wants you to have his experience. Right? So now there's a thing where where we can go from hot to lukewarm, but we can go back hot again. Just like you started cold, you don't stay cold. Amen. You become hot. Hallelujah. On fire with the Holy Ghost. Amen. I think God's doing something right now. That's all right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, you see Jo, see, let's just Okay, so a mouthpiece, it means someone who speaks for a person or a group or organization. Now, we know that spirits travel on words. As I spoke with that quote there just before where Jesus said, he said, "The words that I speak to you, they are spirit and they are life." So, every word that's projected, doesn't matter who's speaking, there's a spirit behind those words. If you look at the recordings, now I don't know German, but if you look at the recordings of of of of Hitler and his political rallies, and he'd always end with an amen, just like the Lutheran priesthood, but he was anointed, and that anointing spread from him over Germany, over all those different parts of the world. Then we came into a amateur tribulation there, but it was anointing. You look at Trump and what he does. He's anointed. He gets people under his influence. You look at politicians, religious leaders, they're anointed. You I was watching I was watching uh um footage there of when the new pope came on the balcony. Everyone's cheering and praising. Children are crying and all these things going on. I say what? They've come under an anointing. Amen. So, so, so these things, you know, and have you ever spoken to someone and they say a particular phrasal thing and you think that's just someone else speaking? Who's ever come across that? Like you're talking to someone and it's like you're talking to someone else cuz the how they speak what they say it's like man this person's just teleported here speaking now they've gone again. What's that? They've come under the influence of that spirit of that person. Amen. Now this is of course quite evident when children normally repeat what their parents say. But it's got to go from just repeating or being a parent of the parents to having their own conviction. Amen. Where it's it's it's their idea, it's their faith, it's their conviction that comes in. Amen. But now you take this on a deeper level and it's and it's now it's when a spirit speaks or the Holy Ghost speaks through a person. Remember we'll be a mouthpiece for someone or something. We all are. You say, "Well, I've got my own thoughts." No, you don't. No, you don't. You're being influenced by by an unseen world, right? Either above or below. It depends who you yield yourself to. It's either through the heart of love. Amen. A pure love and a faith or an ought or an offense. It depends who's going to speak to you. Because we got to be careful what we let use these lips. Well, I'm sealed to the day of my redemption. But you've got a human spirit, right? You get grumpy like everyone else gets grumpy. You get moody like everyone else gets moody. You get annoyed like everyone else gets annoyed. Okay, there's some people here. Everyone else has had a body change already or something. I don't know. But you see, we all we all are because why? We are people of like passion. We're all human, right? But the difference is we have the Holy Ghost on the inside of the inside of us. He is the difference maker. Amen. So if you don't have him living on the inside of you, seeing his overcoming power in your life, I say give, sell everything you have. Sell out to him. I'm just not I'm not talking naturally. I'm talking about your affections, your emotions, your desires. Just put it straight on Calvary and you'll see what happens. Amen. God will you'll never stay the same. Amen. Like brother speaks about uh uh in the message ashamed. He's speaking about music now, but there still words traveling, spirits traveling, right? He says, "Way back in the jungles of Africa on the safari hunters, they had some h um high-powered radios to hear Elvis Presley Pat Boon them guys with that rock and roll and twist and the natives trying to u trying to see them act along, jerking their head and acting like that. The natives stood and looked at them. But you see, they're not Americans like Pat Boon and Elvis Presley, Ricky Nelson, and them guys are. They're not judices of that type. You see, it's a spirit. And the spirit is not only in America. It has spread itself over the world to bring them to the battle of Armageddon. Amen. They act like that whether they are whether uh whatever nation they come from, Africa, India, wherever it is, that vulgar stuff that spread all over the earth by just one man starting it. So has the gospel and the power of almighty God has spread around the world. And the separation time is now taking place when God is calling a bride and the devil's calling a church. Let me be part of the bride, he says. I mean, that spirit has spread. I mean, I tell you what, if you're a swifty, I'd stop being a swifty. A lot of people have no idea what I'm talking about. That's good. Amen. But you see, those spirits that started with Elvis Presley, those ones who just spread and spread and got more powerful and stronger as as the spirit has grown, right? But the power of God has grown too because the word has become more alive, more real to you. Amen. So now that you know the power of almighty God has come around the earth to to to call a bride. Now as I said there's three different types. There's the cold, there's a lukewarm, and there's the people who are hot. Now the difference is really how much you allow the word to live through you. That's really the thing. It's more than emotion. I've seen people are very emotional, very caught up in just worship. Nothing wrong with that. But their lives, they're not interested in living the word. I say in reality they're cold or lukewarm at best. Amen. So it's not your outward expression which dictates how hot you are on fire for God. You can be a very quiet person. You can be very reserved. But there's a flame. There's a burning passion. Lord, you're my everything. Lord, I want to live for you, Lord. Lord, I just want to I'm so glad I'm yours, Lord. There's a burning passion. You're sold out completely. That's someone who's on fire. Amen. So, it's not just don't don't get it in your mind. It's a it's got to be an outward expression. We're all built differently. Praise God. God is a God of righty. Some of us are very vocal. Some of us are not. That's fine. Just let God impact your life. Amen. Let him let him influence you. Like brother Bram said in the um in the uh Deep Calls to the Deep film, you know, the prophet standing there. There's a man standing in front of him and he's just standing just like like this. And Brother Bram says, "I can see you're excited." You can't tell by the outward really what's going on in the inside. Amen. Now, so never measure yourself by someone else. You just be you and God. You just be yourself and God. Be the individual God made you to be. Well, I'm well I'm well I'm too loud. Be loud. Well, I'm too quiet. That's fine. Just be you. Just love the Lord. Amen. So now, whose mouth mouthpiece are you? Amen. So now we know that we are living in the age where the spoken word, the power of the spoken word has been restored into the bride and it's present now. The manifestation of the third pull is here. It's the opening of the word. But what? When the word opens, the power is released. Amen. Every time. When the word opened to Luther, the just shall live by faith. It gave them a faith. I'm justified by faith. It changed their lives. Amen. When the word came open more to Wesley with sanctification, it gave them power to live a sanctified life. Amen. When the word came over to the Pentecostals, open to the Pentecostals, what? The power came that the gifts would be restored because the word came open to them. Amen. Now, what about when the full word has come open? Amen. where it's more than just a restoration of the gifts, but God himself dwells in you. Amen. Manifesting his word, proving his word in you. Amen. That when you step into a room, Jesus steps into the room. Amen. When you go to school, God goes to school. When you step on your work site, that's God stepping on a work site. Hallelujah. Why? Cuz he's living in you. Amen. Why? Cuz now the full word has come. So the word we, you know, so the manifestation of spoken word is here. You say, "Well, we need persecution to activate it." No, brother said, "It's already here. We need a squeeze." We're already being squeezed. It's here right now. Amen. We've seen it evident around us, have we not? It's just a greater of what you already have living. Amen. So, if you're a prayer warrior, when that power of the spoken word comes into your life, you just pray in a greater way. Amen. If you're a singer, well, you know what's going to happen. Amen. or a preacher or you praying for people, whatever it is, God God will anoint your life. God wants to use you as a mouthpiece. If that's all you get out of this service, God wants to take your lips, take your vocal cords, take your heart, and live through you. Amen. That when people come into your presence, they're actually coming into God's presence. You say, "Me?" Yes. Because his blood can cleanse any spirit, can cleanse anybody. Amen. There's nothing too hard for the Lord. You got to realize that God has cleansed you by the power of his blood. Amen. When he hung on Calvary, he said, "It is finished." He's saying, "I have purchased their redemption and completeness." Amen. I purchased their salvation. It is done. Amen. The power to cleanse the vilest, darkest, most religious message believer in the world is here. Oh my. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I just dropped that. But you got to realize, see, you know, so stop wrestling with yourself and just start accepting what God has already done for you. I mean, me, I could never be saved. Well, he Well, he said he's done it. How could I ever go free? Well, he's already done it. You just got to choose the liberty. Well, could I walk in the power of God? Absolutely. Amen. Could he use my vocal cords and step into a conversation and set someone free? Yes, sir. Absolutely he can. Why? Because the power is here to do it. Amen. You think yo yo we you know we look at the prophets you know we look at we look at ones like Moses you know where he'd stand there and you know who would have liked to been there seeing Moses do what he did that would have been amazing right right see him you know stand before Pharaoh and say let my people go and throw down his rod and you know it turns into a snake and his you know Pharaoh's magicians do the same thing and then Moses' rod eats up their rods and then then Moses picks his snake rod up it becomes a rod again and where did their rods go and Moses one just swallowed up their power, right? And God was showing through Moses. Now, you got to think about this. This is a man under the blood of bulls and goats. I mean, I was listening to the breach message this week and Brother Ram said, "Now, you know, if if if the power of the blood of bulls and goats, now I'm going to go through a few examples, can do that in a person, how much more the blood of Jesus Christ, I mean, where Moses could stand there un called by prophecy." Amen. He was prophesied of that he was going to come and deliver Israel out of Egypt. His name wasn't mentioned, but he was part of the promise God gave Abraham. Amen. So when he walked into after being commissioned at the burning bush, God sent him down into Egypt, he was the fulfillment of prophecy. Amen. So nothing could stop his life. Amen. So he went in there and when he throw his rod down, picked it up, it became a rod again. Right? What was he telling Pharaoh? Because Pharaoh on his crown he has two or one cobra, right? on his crown representing he's the king right but but by throwing down his staff Moses doing it becomes a snake picks it up again God was actually telling Satan Satan I have given power to my son to loose you and to bind you amen to control you at every hand amen this is what you're seeing Satan and he's going to go and I'm going to prove it through him until you let my people go amen so he turned the turned the um Nile into blood brought the hail brought the darkness brought all these things and you think my he opened the Red Sea and did incredible things you say man wouldn't that be amazing I say that was just a man under the blood of bulls and goats I mean when Joshua stood there and he and he said sun stand still moon you hang there over the valley of Agelon I mean that was a man under the blood of bulls and goats controlling nature because he realized also that he was part of the prophecy taking the people in friends we are the fulfillment of prophecy as well you got to see your life as a fulfillment of prophecy amen when the scripture says in Revelations, the spirit and the bride say come. Who are those people? Who were who did John see? He saw you. Amen. When he saw a multitude around the throne. Amen. Brother said John saw himself there. And that and that group there in Revelations 5 is the whole of the redeemed of all ages. Amen. So he saw you there. Amen. Glory. It was a symbol. Now it's a reality. Amen. It was a symbol of revelation. Now it's flesh. Amen. I trust when you see the seals come open, you see the lamb coming to claim you. Amen. The second time I heard, I know I've said it, but I'll tell it again. Amen. The first time I heard the seals, I saw horse riders, tribulation, the two prophets, and all these things. But then when I heard it the second time, all I saw was the lamb, step off out of eternity to claim me. Hallelujah. That's what I saw. That's why I see the opening of the seals. God saying, "You're mine. I'm going to carry you away." Hallelujah. The devil can't mess with you anymore. You're mine. Amen. You're in my possession. Amen. I've wrestled. I've overcome. My blood is still working. Amen. I'm there to intercede for you. I'm here to carry you away in this season. Hallelujah. Amen. This is See, this is what you should see when the seals come open. Oh, I need to know the doctrine. No, just have the experience of the doctrine. See, the revelation under it will change your life. Hallelujah. So now the cold I'd say is like in Jesus day I say the cold are like the uh well so I just got to go back you know backtrack here. So if Moses could do that under the blood of bulls and goats how much more you now you know we're amazed at Elijah we're amazed at Elisha we're amazed at um Isaiah and all the prophets and what they did but it was all under the blood of bulls and goats. How much more are people that have been cleansed back by the blood of Jesus Christ? Amen. But you see now because this is the age of the spoken word, what happens is the devil wants to get in and pervert that. He wants to get his hands on that power. Now he can't, but he'll try. Right? It's just like remember the fir, you know, well, I'm going to say it again. I'll tell it again. Right? It's just like, you know, the first time we went to Canada, the devil tried to stop us going by bringing a storm down. And the Lord actually told Christine saying, "The devil's asking me if if he will permit me to allow him to stop you going and he wants to give you CO and all these things and and said, "Now you've got to ask. And why'd you ask?" Lord, may we leave? We're going to Canada. We got on the plane, we went to Canada. Did he still send the storm? Yes. Couple hours later, he closed the airport. Did we end up getting CO? Yes. when we got home and we had a station. But the whole point is he wants to get his hands on it, he'll try and he'll end up fussing anyway. Just because he can't get his hands on it doesn't mean he's going to quit, right? You know, just like the second time we went to Canada, he tried to stop us going again. He sent a storm trying to stop us flying out of Oakuckland this time. Did we get on the plane? Yes. Was the storm there yet? No. Did it come anyway? Yes, it did. It's just like he throws a tantrum because he can't, you know, get his hands on these things. Amen. So the devil throws a tantrum be because because he re you know he knows in his heart he cannot get creative power. That's the one thing he can know. He cannot create. He cannot. Only the power of God, the spirit of God can create. He'll pervert though. Like sin is righteousness perverted. Amen. Unbelief is faith perverted. You see sickness is health perverted. All these things are a perversion cuz that's all he can do. Amen. So now he wants to take your lips and pervert your voice. that's no longer speaking life and peace and edifying the body in love. Edifying is building up. You're in the construction industry. Amen. We're ordained to edify the body of Christ. We're here to build each other up. We're not here to tear one another down. Satan has come to rob, kill, and destroy. Tear down. Amen. But the voice of God is here to build up. Amen. To encourage. Amen. To to to to stabilize people in their walks. Amen. To encourage. You can do it. You know, it's like I was I was there at Gabriela's school camp and we were we were walking up a walking up a river and it was, you know, oh well, yay deep on me. But, you know, all you know, through all these rocks and all these things we had to ford up this river for a few hundred meters and, you know, there were some of the students, they felt like they couldn't do it. So, us as parents, we just grabbed them by the hand. And you know I was taking one girl used to be a neighbor of us down in Kelson Nonica and she's you know so so I'm leading her and you can barely see where the rocks are and cuz it's a bit muddy and some of them have got you know uh gunk or slime or whatever on them. They're slippery. So I'm trying to say now step here and go here and let's go this way and stand here and you know and so we're walking up this river right and she's saying I can't do it. I can't do it. I say you're doing it. We're walking. To me that's edifying the body. You sometimes you think man I can't do it. How can I make another step in the Lord? But someone's got you by the hand. Amen. God wants to use you to encourage one another. Amen. So what happens? Someone will take you by the hand. But you are doing it. You are serving the Lord. You are a Christian. She said that so much. I can't do it. I'm not. Yeah. I said you but but non you are. And what did we do? Did we stop? No. We got up the end of the river. We got out. Hallelujah. Edify one another. But you see now lukewarmness is dangerous because the cold, the cold's like the publican sinners, you know, those who are just totally indifferent in Jesus' day. They didn't care. That's not dangerous. Cold's not dangerous, right? But it's the lukewarm that are the problem. That's a dangerous state to be in because the lukewarm you can either speak for God or speak for the enemy. But if you're hot, you can only speak for God. Amen. So, so, so this is the problem now. You know, even if you look at like Kora and Dayan, because the lukewarm because Satan always comes with a lot of truth like Coror and Dayan when he w when they withtood Moses, you know, they said, "You're not the only holy one here. We're all holy." They were right, but they were saying it on an angle, saying, "Look, you have no authority to be leading God's people, but yet God ordained him to be the leader." Right? So, so there was they were the lukewarm ones. Judas. Judas was lukewarm with his indignation towards Mary anointing Jesus. You see, if you ever hear a comment that tries to drag someone down, we should encourage one another. Someone gets a bit excited and zealous, praise God. Amen. Someone wants to, you know, we're not wet blankets here. Who likes a wet blanket? Who likes a cold, fluffy, warm blanket when it's cold, right? We all do. Amen. So, we're not here. But you see the devil is the biggest wet blanket there is. Amen. But we should have enough fire around us that whenever that wet blanket tries to come along, you feel a bit of criticism coming towards someone. What are you going to do with that? You got to identify cuz what is that? That thought comes in because something wants to use these lips, right? You get annoyed at someone. You just have some ought, you know, you get even jealousy or pride rises up. That's a sure sign there's lukewarmness in the camp. When there's pride in someone, you know, you begin to be annoyed. Some young person gets all excited and all enthused. I think we should just fan that fire run. I mean, you ever seen someone scoring like in rugby and someone's doing a big run, they're scoring a try and you see his teammates running alongside. Not that the ball will be past them necessarily, but because they're cheering on. Go get the try. You can do it. We're going to win. Amen. Get the, you know, score the points. Amen. We're going to get over. Who's ever seen that? Who's ever done that? Amen. You see, that's how we should be encouraging one another. If someone else has got the ball, Amen. I'm gonna support that player. I'm not going to drag them down. They shouldn't be doing that. They're too enthused. I don't think we can get too enthused. I've never seen someone that's too enthused about the Lord. I've never seen that. I'd like to see it. See what that I I don't think there's a scale that you can go, you know, but we should never put a dampener on someone else's zeal. Amen. We should never ever put a, you know, try and push someone down who's struggling. That is that is a lukewarm condition. But the devil will try and make you lukewarm by making you look at everyone else. Right? But if you're looking at the Lord, I say, "How on earth can you be lukewarm?" Amen. So even even um Peter now when you we could read it in Mark 16 uh Matthew 16 maybe you can turn or not but you know Mark 16:21 you know Jesus would ask the question or earlier in the chapter he'd say who do you say that I am or who do they say that I am? And of course, the disciples say, "Well, the people think you're Jeremiah or Elias or one of the prophets." And then, but Jesus asked the question, "But who do you say that I am?" And who was the one who answered, "Thou art the Christ." It was Peter, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." And then Jesus says to Peter, "Blessed art thou, Simon, but Jonah, son of Jonah, for flesh and blood is not revealed this to you, but my father in heaven." Right? And then you keep reading down and then Jesus begins to show his disciples that he must go to Jerusalem, suffer many things. Jesus is verse 21 of the elders and chief priests and scribes and be killed and raised again the third day. But then Peter took him be to rebuke him saying be far from it thee lord it shall not be unto thee. Now Jesus is about to identify the inspiration behind what what Peter's doing. And he turned and said unto Peter, get thee behind me, Satan, for thou art an offense unto me. So a few verses before this, it's God speaking through Peter. You're the Christ. Amen. Then a few verses later, it's not God speaking anymore. It's Satan speaking. Why? Because Peter's in a lukewarm condition because he hasn't been converted yet. He hasn't gone to Pentecost yet. He hasn't got the Holy Ghost yet. Amen. But you see now how how easily the devil can slip in and use your lips to try and stop the word being fulfilled. Just like if someone's really hungering and thirsting for God, we should encourage that. He's there to get. The promise is yours. I mean, just focus on the blood. Focus on Calvary. Just just, you know, he'll fill you with the Holy Ghost. You're hungry and thirsting after righteousness. You shall be filled. Right? That would be God speaking to that person. But if we say, "No, you're fine. Don't worry about it. It's just, you know, you're just going through a phase." Who's saying that to them? It ain't it ain't God. So, we got to be very aware how the you know, it's like you get into an argument with someone. you begin to you to disagree and then maybe maybe the real kicker comes into your heart to say, "Who's that speaking? That ain't God. I'm going to prove I'm going to prove I'm right." You know, you get this ought this, you know, what is that's actually lukewarmness. That's not hot. Yeah. Because this thing, this thing has killed many people. The tongue. Life and death is in the power of the tongue. But who you going to surrender it to? You say, "But I get angry. I get annoyed. I get, you know, people rub me up the wrong way. It's because you're human and iron is sharpening iron. God has allowed that person. You know, you can have someone come into a church that you just disagree with. You can't even put up with them. God brought them here for you. God needs to rub certain things. God allows situations to come in cuz he needs to shave you down a bit. He needs you to come to a certain, you know, praise God. But do we see it that way? I say, "Oh, that person dechristianize them, run them down, all these things." Who's doing that? Who who are you being a mouthpiece for? Let's be a mouthpiece for the Lord. Amen. You know, even even where someone who's lukewarm, they will they will wait, let's just read this. Sorry. Because you say, "Well, what is this lukewarmness? What is the what is the uh problem behind it?" because it's more than just being indifferent. But where we read in Revelations chapter 3, I will because thou are lukewarm, I'll spew thee out of thy mouth. Spw thee out of my mouth. Right now, this doesn't speak about that you're no longer saved. Okay, I'm just going to read this from the church age book because so I'm okay. He says, we're going to look carefully at this as brother saying. It says this, and the lady church age group is lukewarm. This lukewarmness demands a penalty from God. The penalty is that they they will be spewed out of his mouth. Here is where you don't want to go astray as a lot of folks do. They very unwisely say that God can spew you out of his mouth. That proves there's no such thing as any truth to the doctrine of the perseverance of saints. I want to correct your thinking right now. This verse is not given to an individual. It's given to the church. He is talking to the church. Furthermore, if you will just keep the word in mind, you you will recall that nowhere does it say that we are in the mouth of God. We're engraved in his palms. We're carried in his bosom way back in the unknown ages before time. We're in his mind. We are in his sheepfold and in his pastures, but never in his mouth. What is in the mouth of the Lord? The word is in his mouth. Matthew 4:4. But he answered s them, "Man shall not live by word uh bread alone, sorry, but every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." The word is supposed to be in our mouths too. Now, now we know that the church is his body. It is here taking his place. What will be in the mouth of the church? the word. He says in 1 Peter 4:11, "If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles, the word of God." 2 Peter 2:21, "For prophecy came not in old time by the will of man." But holy men of God spake as are moved by the Holy Ghost. That is uh then what is wrong with these people in the last day. They've gotten away from the word. They're no longer fervent about it. They are lukewarm about it. He says, "I'm going to prove it right now. The Baptists have their creeds and dogmas based on the word. You can't shake them. They said the apostolic days of miracles are over. There's no baptism with the Holy Ghost subsequent to believing. The Methodists say based on the word there's no water baptism. Sprinkling is not baptism. And that sanctification is the baptism with the Holy Ghost. The Church of Christ majors in regenerational baptism. In all too many cases they go down dry sinners, come up wet once. Yet they claim their doctrine is word-based. Go right down the line. Come to the Pentecostals. Do they have the word? Give them the word. Test and see. They'll sell out the word for a sensation. just every uh just about every time if you can produce a manifestation like oil and blood and tongues and other signs whether in the word or not or whether properly interpreted from the word the majority will fall for it but what has happened to the word it has been put aside so God says I'm going against you all I'll spew you out of my mouth this is the end for seven out of I mean for seven out of seven ages I've seen nothing but men esteeming their own word above mine and I say when you put your own feelings thoughts above the word. What are you doing? You're laying the word aside. You say, "I've really got to ball this person out. Is that edifying? Is that speaking the truth in love?" No. Well, what are you doing? You're you're actually putting the word aside and letting and actually taking your own thoughts or creeds, you know, and making that your number one. I know we've gone very quiet. That's okay. You see, but you got to realize now we don't want to become lukewarm. The word should rule in every situation. The word is always right. No matter how I feel, if my feelings are against the word, I'm going to go with the word. Amen. If my imagination is is against the word, I'm going to go against the word. Amen. So imagination comes, I'll never have victory. Or thoughts come, I'll never have victory. I'll never overcome. I just have to be this way for the rest of my life because of something I did. That's contrary to the word. Amen. Why? Because we're new creations in Christ Jesus. Amen. You know, there's nothing there's nothing the blood cannot atone for. You say, "Well, my past and what I did, you're imagining or your memory is actually ruling above the word." You got to put that memory to one side and say, "No, I take that memory to Calvary." Amen. Crucify it. Amen. Say, "Lord, you have redeem me. I'm your child." And walk on with God. Amen. You say, "Well, we can never mend a friendship." Yeah, you can. We were enemies of God once. He mended more than a friendship. Are you with me? Amen. So never ever let but if you take those things you say well there's no place for the gifts anymore really there's no place for the moving of the Holy Ghost anymore really we don't need shouting no more really don't take things that now we're not called to become cold and formal that's right amen we come to become on fire with God now the manifestation is that it's how God has made us right but we should never ever think that well now we just mature and settled down and God don't do those things No more. Really? Are you sure? That's a creed exalting itself above the word of God. Because if you have the giver, he'll do whatever he wants. Amen. If he wants to shout through through you, let him shout. If he wants to praise through you and run the aisles, let him do it. Don't be Don't Don't restrict what God wants to do in your life. Amen. If he calls you, lead you to pray for someone, do it. Go witness to someone, do it. Amen. Don't don't don't restrict God. You say, "Well, I don't have the words, but you got a testimony." Amen. You've got the proof that it works, do you not? Amen. You can say, "Well, I know where I was when God found me. This is what he did. This is Praise the Lord. This message works." Amen. So, we don't want to esteem our be, you know, we don't want to esteem our own thoughts above the word of God. We want to be God's mouthpiece. I don't want to be my own mouthpiece. I don't want to speak for the devil. That's for sure. I don't want to speak my own opinions. I don't want to be lukewarm where where the devil can step in and God can step in and all these things. No, I want to be on fire for God. You see even you see even Peter himself after Pentecost because I was thinking many people will take Mark 16 and say well that was before Pentecost so things are different. No after Pentecost Peter got lukewarm because he got to a point where the Apostle Paul would speak about it where where the Apostle Paul would I mean sorry Peter when when he was in Antioch he be to separate himself from the Gentile believers and only and only eat with the Jewish believers. Now, the reason he did this is because some believers came from from um from Jerusalem and then he be to so so what happened was he be to think or care about more what man thought of him than what God thought of him. Because here's the man now you think about this. Here's the man who you know if you if we go back to Acts chapter 10, he's in Japer. He's on the roof of the house. He has a vision of a sheet coming down from heaven with all these unclean beasts in it. And God would tell him, "Slay and eat." and it'll go back and come back down. Right? He says, you know, but but Lord, I've never, you know, I'm I've never eaten anything like that. I've always eaten things which are which are right, right? Which are clean. And God told him, don't call that which is common and unclean what I have made clean. And then when the vision left and then there was a knock on the front door, men were coming from Cornelius's house, a gentile calling him because an angel of God had already spoken to Cornelius telling him to send men to Jopa to Peter and he'll come and speak the words of life. So now after this vision now Peter Peter receives the revelation of it that God has cleansed the Gentiles. Amen. So he has this vision. He goes to Cornelius's house. He begins to preach the word to them. And while he's preaching, amen, the Holy Ghost falls upon everyone in Cornelius's house. They're baptized in the name of the Lord. And what's happened? The door has opened to the Gentiles. Amen. But you see what happened. So, so he was he was he put the word above. So that vision was the word, right? He put that above his previous what he thought. Amen. But then now it comes years down the road, he's in Antioch. And because of believers that have come from Jerusalem, he be, you know, who are Jewish, he begins to worry about what they will think of him. and he begins to separate himself. I say what he came lukewarm because those actions weren't the actions of God that we're one body. No, it was actually the actions of the enemy trying to bring division. What happened? He became lukewarm. And even Barnabas and other ones were were all caught up in it. But then when Paul went to him and and and and publicly begin to speak to speak to him about it, he be to realize Peter be to realize I'm wrong. What happened? He became hot again. So we got to be very careful. God can show us something very powerful in the word. Amen. And but you say, well, you know, he can show us something very powerful. You got to live true to that. You got to live true to that because what Peter saw that vision was according to the scripture because out of the Gentiles, he call the people for his name's sake. rises all according to the word. But you see, Peter became lukewarm. He He went from hot to lukewarm, but then back to hot again. Amen. Now, we've talked about the lukewarm ones, I think. Are we done? We're done with them. We're done with the cold. Now, let's talk about the hot. Let's talk about the hot. Amen. Because that's what we want to be. Amen. Where we don't want we don't want to become lukewarm or stay lukewarm. Because you know a lukewarm can be well back in my early walk with God yes things were different but now things have changed. It should be the same. It should be the same. Amen. There'll be times when we come lukewarm just like Peter did. But doesn't mean we'll stay lukewarm cuz God wants to break the cycle of revival and death. Amen. He wants to break that cycle. He's going to break that cycle in this age. Who's he going to use? You. He's going to use the bride around the world to say, "Hey, you're on fire once, but I'm going to fan that fire again." Amen. You say, "Well, I'm just a smoking flax. I'm just barely there, but but the Lord said, "A smoking flax I will not quench." He's going to blow on that thing. He's going to set your candle of flame again. Amen. Where where where the Lord says this, he says this, well, this is an Ephesian church age. He says, he says, "Now, but these he says, now the original fire has died down." Okay? They're not the same anymore. with the fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out the spirit all begins to fade and instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. So let's change that around now. I mean the fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for the reaching out of the spirit has got stronger. This is the hot. I want more of you, Lord. I want you to live, Lord. Lord, I don't want to be once upon a time I was the mouthpiece for the devil. I spoke cursing. I spoke unbelief. I I spoke doubt. I spoke division. I spoke trouble. I spoke circumstances, complex spheres of pain. This all came out of here. Amen. But then God came along. I just think friends, if we could really look at Calvary and what he done, how can we stay lukewarm? That's really what I got out of this whole thing. Amen. Because you think about once upon a time this this these vocal cords brought a lot of death and a lot of harm and a lot of hurt. But then God, goodness and mercy of God was on my trail. Amen. He came searching for me. Amen. Because he because he ordained me not to be the mouthpiece of the devil. No, he he didn't even make me to be the mouthpiece of myself, but he made me to be the mouthpiece of a of almighty God. I mean that God by the power of his blood would cleanse a human soul, cleanse a human spirit. that these same vocal cords, amen, God would speak life and he'd speak truth and he'd speak redemption and he'd speak healing and he'd speak encouragement. Amen. That's what God has done for you. You once a you were once here to build Satan's kingdom, but then God got a hold of you and God wants to use your life to tear Satan's kingdom down. Hallelujah. Amen. Well, how what do you mean? the kingdom that Satan has built up in the lives of men and women. Complexes, strongholds, hurts, unbelief, pain. Amen. God wants to use your lips to demolish Satan's kingdom in their lives. Amen. That the word of God would put on flesh in you and I. And God would speak. Amen. God would God would live. God would love. God would care through human beings. Hallelujah. Amen. You think about now what has he done? He's put the voice of God in the bride. Once again, brother Ram says in this day that the voice of God is in her. Yes, it is. And he said he said that the once more the world will hear direct from God as at Pentecost. This is this day. You got to realize when God, who's ever had something, you speaking to someone and it's like words just fill your mouth and it's it's him and the prince of God drops into the room. God begins to work. What is that? That is that person hearing from God. Amen. That is hear that is the world hearing from God like they did at Pentecost. You say, "Well, I can't I'm not a preacher." That's got nothing to do with it. I'm not a singer. I I'm not charismatic. I can't put words together very well. That has got nothing to do with it. Amen. God will anoint you for a word in season and it's not you trying to imagine something to say or you know something about the person. So you say this like this and I feel this. No, it's God takes over and speaks. You're not even conscious of what's coming out. Amen. I know it's true. I know it's happened. God wants to use us in everyday situations like that. Amen. People may never come through these doors, but God can still minister to them through your life. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Burning hot, fully surrendered like brother Ed preached on Wednesday. Completely sold out. Their main desire is for the Lord to live. Amen. To walk and talk through them. Amen. They want to please him. Not to earn salvation or to earn anything, but they know what he has already done for them on Calvary. Amen. They're not interested in rewards. They just want to live for him. Amen. They know his amazing grace. Amen. That's those who are on hot. Amen. You remember where he found you. I probably say it every service, but remember where he found you. I think sometimes we're going, Brother Bram said, go back in thought and then back in reality. Amen. If you're lukewarm, go back in thought to where he found you. The feelings you had, the joy and elation, thanksgiving you had. Go back in thought. Then step back in reality. Amen. Because if you're thinking all the time, "Well, the season's different. I'm cold. I'm mature. This has happened. Trouble's too much." You'll never go back in reality. Begin to but but go back and thought where God found you. What he's done for you. Amen. He didn't give you just a one-time experience. No, he stepped into your life to walk through you. Amen. To prove his word through you. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. They know it's all him. Those who are burning red hot are not writing emotion. They're writing revelation. Amen. We're not We're not just going from emotion to emotion. No, it's far deeper than that. I know where I I know who I am. I know where You say, "Well, you get a bit emotional." Of of course I get emotional. He saved my soul. I'm not on death row anymore. Amen. My destination is secure. I know where I'm going. Hallelujah. I know there's a body change waiting for me. I know it's already happening on the inside. Amen. I know I'm like Enoch. I'm walking with God. Why? Because God called me to walk with him. I say, "Lord, it's the greatest privilege." Amen. Like brother Bram there in Colorado mountains in that storm and God begins to speak to him. I'm the God of creation. He says, "Will you walk with me?" Brother said, "That's the greatest joy I could ever have." And the storm. Hallelujah. God allows storms to come into your life. But he's actually asking, "Will you walk with me?" He said, "How can I ever be that way?" Just walk with him. Say, "Yes, Lord. Here I come." Amen. And brother Ram says that a man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent or all powerful. Amen. You see he says he says man is omnipotent. You don't believe it but he is a man fully surrendered to God is omnipotent. Did he not say in Mark 11:22 whatsoever things you say and don't doubt in your heart it will come to pass you can have what you've said. Amen. So someone's just on fire for God just loves the Lord. God can use their vocals. Lord whatever you want Lord. Amen. It's like prayer. What is really prayer? It's not us praying. It's him praying through us. the spirit, you know, you just get into a channel. Sometimes it's like you're like laboring along in prayer. Those are fine, too. But, you know, sometimes a channel just opens up and just words come out. You say, "Who was that? That was him praying through you." Amen. Hallelujah. You got to, you know, like the thing is we got to we we just got to keep walking with God. So, I was going to go segueing, but I'm going to stay with this. He says he says, "Whatsoever things you say, don't doubt in your heart. It will come to pass. You can have what you've said." Did he not say in Mark 9:23, Jesus said unto them, "If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believe." If you can believe, you say, "Lord, increase my faith, Lord." Use use these lips. May I be your mouthpiece, Lord Jesus. All things are possible. Amen. What happens when two omnipotent meet? When God and man comes together, two omnipotent meet, something's got to shake. Something's got to happen. Amen. Amen. Whatever you you'd say with that creative power, the omnipotence of God, knowing that he's promised it, and he said it in his word, it creates a power that goes out yonder and brings things to pass, things that is not, it makes them as though they are because two omnipotents have met. Amen. There he stands. Oh my, isn't he wonderful? I know you've seen it happen. I'm not going to give any examples right now. I just want to say I know you've seen it happen. Amen. Where God, you a peace, you pray and a peace comes, you know it's done. And then you begin to come see it come into manifestation and you just rejoice in that. Well, what's happened? There's a creative power that that that stepped into your mouth, spoke out. Amen. And even the word says in Romans chapter 11, it says, "What does faith say?" Do I need to call him from above or call him from below? He says, "No, what does faith say?" It says, "The word is neither even in thy mouth and in thy heart." That is the word of faith which we preach. Amen. So, it's already within you. Amen. You know, brother Ram says, you know, we often marvel at the word of God being a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart, aren't we? You know, we come to a service and it's like the preachers just been in our car, right? Been around the kitchen table, been with us yesterday, been on the phone with us. You know what is that? That's the word of God being a discerner of the thoughts intents of the heart, right? And often we think, man, that's amazing. But you know that God wants to do that in everyday life with you. Amen. Because brother Ram says that he says in Christ the mystery God revealed. He says when that word has preminence in the man the same thing takes place again for it is the word. Amen. So so when he's number one when you're hot for God you're not lukewarm or cold but you're fiery hot enjoying God loving him with all your heart fully surrendered then God can step in and you can have a conversation with someone and it's like you know their history you know their address. You know everything they're going through and you have no idea what's going on. Why? because he has preminence. God has preminence in your life. Amen. I'm just throwing these things out here because I realize, yo, you got to realize you're a very powerful people. Amen. You have a very p you are very powerful. Actually, there's unlimited the power within you is unlimited in its ability, its potency, and its strength because it's the word himself. Amen. The blood puts us back on speaking terms. I think how can anyone be lukewarm when you look at that? Brother Bram says about the lamb taking the book. He says, "Doesn't that want to make you go into the corner and cry cry a while?" Amen. To see to see our Lord Jesus come and step forth and he says it's the most sublime act in in in all of scripture, the lamb taking the book. I think, man, if you could, you know, if we could just look again like the thief did on the cross and see our lamb hanging there, how could we how could we ever be lukewarm? Amen. Because the blood of blood of Jesus Christ puts us in speaking terms. It puts us in condition. Amen. That we can talk. Amen. You know, we can talk to God and God can talk back to us. I think my how how powerful it is. I'm going to close soon with this. Okay? So, we'll be okay. You see, isn't it an incredible thing? You think how on earth could we could we remain lukewarm? We want our ideas, our opinions, our thoughts ruling when you just look at what he has done. Amen. You know, the blood of Jesus Christ has cleansed us back to everything Adam lost is now in our possession. Everything. Authority over nature. authority over the devil. Amen. Placing as the sons and daughters of God, the blood has cleansed us back into that condition. Like I said a while ago, if Moses under the blood of bulls and goats could do what he did as a and he was a fulfillment of prophecy, how much more you and I under the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. We have been restored back, amen, to what Adam lost. And but yet we're still in these bodies to prove the blood of Jesus Christ gives us victory in these fallen bodies. Hallelujah. People say, "If only I was in Adam's condition." We're in actually a better condition than Adam. Because God has sealed us the day of our redemption that we can never fall. But Adam could fall in the garden. We can't fall in Satan's Eden. Amen. God has anointed us to tear Satan's kingdom down. God wants to use your voice to bring salvation to people. Amen. You can impart eternal life. Brother, brother says, "A son of God can impart eternal life through your lips, not by a preconceived idea, but God wants to use your vocal cords." Amen. He said, he said, "When a spiritborn, spiritfilled man takes the word and faith into his heart and place it upon his lips, why it's the same as deity speaking, every mountain has to go. Satan cannot stand before that man." That's you he's talking about. Amen. Because remember Peter, Peter, remember what it was like to be hot and he went back to that condition. I'm just going to close with this. Maybe it's kind of the service has gone gone this, but I just want to talk to you individually now. Whose mouthpiece are you this morning? Are you cold? You just indifferent? Are you lukewarm where it's a lot of truth, but it's the devil wrapped up to tear people down? Or are you hot? Has your life got a track record of building people up irrespective of of temperament? You say, "I'm just built this way. I'm just I'm just highrung. I'm hideered." All these things. That's got nothing to do with it. No, we should have the if you're dead, it's Christ living. Amen. So, we can't blame our temperament on our actions. No. What happens? The lukewarmness comes. Pride comes in and we think people just get Yeah. We got to be careful when people say, "Well, I've just got righteous indignation. Are you sure it's that? Cuz many times it's just someone being grumpy, someone being angry, and the devil steps into that and causes a lot of damage. We shouldn't be like that. You what is your life producing? Peter's life when it was hot, miracles happened, salvation came, healing happened, the dead were raised, the body was edified. You say, "I'm not an apostle." But we're all here to build up one another. Right? So what is the track record? We say, "Well, once upon a time, I loved him with all my heart and he was more than life to me and he meant everything to me and all I cared about was serving him and living with him. You're hot." But now things have changed and I've gotten older and there's problems and life is a lot more complex and harder and I just can't be that way anymore. Who said? Who said? You say, "Well, I can't come back to what I was." Who said? The Lord has made a way of escape. Amen. So why not let him reignite that flame again? Why not fall in love with Jesus Christ one more time? Amen. Cuz that's what it means to be on hot. You're in love. You're having a love affair with you and the Lord. Amen. All you want to do is live for him, please him. Why? To get to heaven? No. Absolutely not. You know he's purchased your salvation. Amen. But you just love him more than anything in this world. You see someone who's happy, it's infectious. You see someone grumpy, that's a disease. It's infectious, too. So, what is your You say, "Well, I'm not a bubbly personality, but with the Lord, you can have an atmosphere around you." You can be a person of few words. I've met people of few words. I've met believers who I can't even speak their language, but there's an atmosphere around them. You feel so at home. Hallelujah. You can just speak a few words, maybe together, maybe some pigeon or whatever. Not even that. I don't know. But you Who's ever been in that situation? Yeah. I remember being in being in Chile being with believers. I can't speak their lang. I can't speak Spanish. They can't speak English. But just being around them said, "Man, this is this is a brother. This is a sister." It's like you there's such a connection and you feel so at home. You feel at peace. So it's more than just what you say. No, it's it's the atmosphere you carry. So someone who's who's cold carries a cold atmosphere. Indifferent. Who cares? This is boring. Can we have lunch? Let's go home. Okay. Someone who's lukewarm. Yeah. Kind of speaks to me. Yeah. Whatever. whatever, you know, up and down, left and right, but someone who's hot, they love him. There's a love, the love of God permeates out of their life. So, let's have the musicians this morning. I'm just going to leave it with that. We can be on fire. We can have that same first love and it's here to have. Amen. So, why not be on Why not be hot? Why not be God's mouthpiece? Isn't that incredible? The creator of heavens and earth can step into you and change someone's life. Amen. That's a powerful thing. So why not let him say, "Lord, I want to be your mouthpiece from now and forever more." If I get feel a bit lukewarmness, if a pride steps in an order and anger, Lord, may I not carry that thing and and and allow it to drag me into a lukewarmness where I care more about me being right and them wrong and me pushing them down and me proving my point. May I slip away, Lord, and pray for that person because they're going through something and they need your help, Lord. That's someone who's actually hot. They take it to the Lord. Let's be that way, shall we? Let's stand. Amen. [Applause] Amen. I need a song. Amen. Sure. Change my heart, oh Lord. Make it ever true. Amen. Let's worship the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's raise our hands and say, "Lord, I want to be Let's pray before we sing, shall we? Do you want to dedicate yourself to the Lord? Rededicate yourself to the Lord. Say, "Lord, you know, I've raised both my hands. I don't want to be a lukewarm Christian. I don't want to be negative. I be full of God's love and zeal and fire and Amen. God bless you all that have raised your hands." Amen. Let's pray together, shall we? Gracious Father, Lord, as we stand here today, we want to be your mouthpiece, Lord, where you can step in, Lord. You can you can live through us, Father. Lord, that our actions, our words, our mannerisms, Lord, how we speak to people, irrespective of if they're a believer or or or not, Father, Lord Jesus, Lord, how we speak to people would be you speaking to them. Father, it be like, as the Apostle Paul would say, it's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me, Lord Jesus, the life I now live, I live by the faith of the Son of God. That's what we want to be, Lord. We want to be your mouthpiece. We don't want to be cold. We don't want to be indifferent, Lord. And we and we especially don't want to be lukewarm, Father. Lord, Lord, that we're just our own mouthpiece or we're the devil's mouthpiece or Father, we want to be on fire for you, dear God. You could take our vocal cords, take our lips, take our hearts, Lord Jesus, and speak to this dying world, Father. Speak to the Lord, we see what's happened in the Vatican. We can see this world of, Father, falling apart. We can see America is indeed up to its eyeballs and beyond as the prophet said it would go bust. Lord, we see all these things going on, dear God, but Father, may we not be caught up in those things necessarily, but may we be caught up in your word. Lord, may we have a love for the truth, dear God. May we have such a zeal and a thankfulness, Lord, such a joy to serve you, Lord. Irrespective of what's going on in life, Lord, the troubles, whatever it may be, Lord, we live in a complex time, but Father, may we just love you. May we just be on fire for you, dear God. May we be burning hot, Lord, that you can speak through us, Lord. So may you cleanse our hearts, Lord Jesus. Cleanse our minds, cleanse our spirits, Lord. Father, refill us with your Holy Ghost, Lord. Those who haven't given their lives to you, Lord, in this audience, Lord. I pray they would, Father. Lord, it's not you holding them back from repenting, giving their lives, being baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. We know it's not you holding them back. It's the enemy holding them back. So may they may the enemy give way now in the name of Jesus Christ. And Father, may we all come to our position in you, dear God, on fire for you, Lord. Come live through our lives, Lord. We want to rededicate our lives into your hands for your glory, Lord. And Father, if we got lukewarm, forgive us, Lord. We don't want to be like that, Lord. We want to be on fire for you, Lord. Loving you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Ever [Music] true. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh [Music] God, may I be like you. [Music] You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. [Music] Change my heart, oh [Music] God. Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. You are the potter. You are the potter. I am the clay. [Music] Oh, and make [Music] me. This is what I pray. Change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart, oh [Music] God. May I be like you. Change my heart, oh [Music] God. Change my heart, oh God. Make it virgin. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. [Music] [Music] Why would I worry when giants come calling my [Music] name? My God is so much bigger than troubles I face. [Music] Why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Cuz my God is so much better than all of these things. So I won't be shen. I won't be moved cuz my God is [Music] faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. Well, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than [Music] you. My eneies scatter cuz they know the battle is [Music] done. My God is stronger. The victory already won. He died for my ransom. The rose up on the third [Music] day. My God is straighter than death. Hell and the grave. I won't be shaking. I won't be shaking. Th on me. My God is faithful. My God is faithful. His promise is true. Oh, I speak. I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than. Oh, I won't be shen. I won't be shen. I won't be. My God is faithful. [Music] his promises. I speak to the mountains. Oh yes, I do. It's [Music] time. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. There's no mountain to hide, no valley to low. There's no fear that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem to bring. There's no weapon to show. There is nothing for God that's impossible. There's no mountain to high, no valley to low. There's no key that I have. He doesn't already know. There's no problem too big. There's no weapon too strong. There is nothing for God that's [Music] impossible. So I won't be [Music] shen. I won't be alone. My God is faithful. His [Music] promises I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than. Oh, I won't be shaking. I won't be shaking. I won't be. My God is faithful. His promise is true. So I speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My God is bigger. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. Oh my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than [Music] you. I'll praise in the valley. Praise on the mountain. I'll praise when I'm strong and praise when I'm down. I'll praise when outnumbered. Praise when surrounded. Cuz praise is the water my enemies drown. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to praise the Lord. Oh my soul, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Have to be quiet. My God is alive. How can I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'll praise when I feel it. I'll praise when I [Music] don't. I'll praise cuz I know you're still in control. [Music] My praise is a weapon is more than a [Applause] sound. My praise is the shout that brings Jero down. As long as I'm breathing, I got a reason to pray. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How can I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord. Listen one more time. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to pray the Lord, oh my soul. Hey, I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you move and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise cuz there's nobody greater than you. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise God cuz there's nobody greater than you. Pray the Lord. Oh my soul. I'm going to pray. The Lord, oh my soul, I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Let's do the bridge again. I'll praise cuz you're sovereign. Praise cuz you reign. Praise cuz you rose and defeated the grave. I'll praise cuz you're faithful. Praise cuz you're true. Praise God cuz there's nobody greater than you. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I'm going to praise. Praise the Lord, oh my soul. I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How can I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh, one more time. Oh, I'm going to praise the Lord. Oh, my soul. I will praise the Lord. Oh my [Music] soul. And I won't be quiet. My God is alive. How could I keep it inside? I'm going to praise the Lord, oh my soul. Let's just pray this morning. Lord, we thank you that in each and every situation, we can just praise you, Lord. And we thank you that your faithfulness and your goodness is new every morning. Amen. Lord, it doesn't it never gets old, Lord. We don't want the enemy to trick us and think to make us think that things are new get old, Lord. They're new every morning, Lord. They're vibrant. They're fresh, Lord. There's there's a river of living water flowing from your throne, Lord. It's just continually flowing out daily, Lord. And we want to be refreshed daily by those by that river, Lord, that flows from your throne, by your spirit, Lord, that never gets tired, never gets weary, never gets weak, Lord. It's just always powerful. It's always refreshing. It's always full of love and full of grace, Lord. Full of longsuffering, full of tenderness, full of goodness, Lord. Full of hope, full of joy. There's just so many good things you, Lord. So, I just pray that your the rivers of living water would continue to pour out upon each life here, Lord. that we'd be a would all be living springs, Lord, and just have the life of God bubbling up from us, Lord. That nothing that we our lives wouldn't become stale and stagnant, Lord, but it would be vibrant and fresh and new every morning, Lord. And just, Lord, it would be as though we just meet you for the first time each and every day, Lord Jesus. So, we just want to commit each one here to your hands. We thank you so much for your grace. We thank you so much for your goodness and for speaking with us this morning, Lord. We just pray in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you all this morning. You're dismissed in Jesus name. [Music] [Music] [Music] I throw up my hand and praise you again and again cuz all that I have is a lule. [Music] And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] All my words for sure. I've got nothing new. How could I hate the spread on my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must be and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a [Music] holly. I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king. Set for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one move with my arms stretch wide. I will worship you. So I throw up my hands, praise you again and again. All that I have is [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. I know it's not much and I've nothing else except for a heart [Applause] singing through. So I throw up my hands to praise you again and again. All that I have is a hallelujah. I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. So come on my soul, don't you get shy on me. and lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the [Music] Lord. Come on my soul, don't you get shy on me. Lift up your songs cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song cuz you got a lion. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh come on my soul. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you got a lion inside of those lungs. So get up and praise the Lord. Oh, I throw up my hands. I'll throw up my hands. Praise you again and again. [Music] All that I have is [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] a I know it's not much of nothing else for a king except for a heart single. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I throw up my hands. I praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelu hallelu. And I know it's not much, but I'm nothing else fit for a king. Except for a heart singing [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music]
