################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - 110625 - God Wants Sons and Daughters Not Servants - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-11
Title:   110625 - God Wants Sons and Daughters Not Servants - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker: Ben Gloyne
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=inZDOj-Mol0
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] God bless you, saints. I trust all happy to be in the house of the Lord tonight. I know it's a bit cold. It's winter now. It's raining. We're tired from work or school. I just hope that we came expecting to hear from the Lord tonight and that we'll be blessed and be revived. Let's just open in a word of prayer tonight. Our most gracious and most eternal heavenly father, I just want to come before your presence, oh Lord, today just thanking you for this opportunity that we can gather, that we can praise, Father God, and just worship your name. I just want to thank you, oh God, for the word we're going to hear tonight. I simply pray that it may Lord just penetrate our hearts, oh Father God, just strengthen us. And oh Lord, that we may just be refilled, oh God, and have strength to complete the week. Oh, Father God, I just pray that those who are not here and who weren't able to make it, they may also be blessed across the stream, oh Lord, that you may heal those who are unwell, oh God, and give them strength. And Father God, I just pray that everything may go according to your will. Tonight I want to ask committing all these things into your name. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. And amen. Let's just start with the light. I wonder soless I feel with him. I could let my disavior in. Then Jesus came like straight in the light. Praise the Lord. I saw the light. Oh, I saw the light. I saw the light. No more. No more. Now I'm so happy sorrow. Praise the Lord. I s just like wonderful [Music] my own [Music] [Applause] back. Oh, praise the Lord. I saw I saw the light. I saw the light. [Music] [Applause] Feel your sorrow. Oh, praise the Lord. I s [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Oh, the Lord. [Applause] So happy [Music] the Lord. I saw I saw [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] so happy sorrow. Oh, Lord. Oh, fill my way every day. [Music] And I want to heaven. Let me go with my way every day with the Lord in the way to land. Oh, give me everywhere to the sun. Fill my way every day. Oh, fill my way. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly. Oh, let me go with a song and a smile. Throw my way every day. Keep me close. Keep me close to my savior. Darkness [Applause] open my mind and my soul says fill my way every day with you. Oh, fill my way. Fill my way every day with [Music] as I walk. Oh, let me go for a while with a song. Fill my way every day. See this to [Applause] my home. Oh, let me see all the way to the shore. Feel my way every day. Oh, feel my way. Feel my way every day. As I walk, [Music] let me go with a song. Fill my way every day. Oh, fill my way. Fill my way every day. As I walk in the heaven, let me go. Let me go with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Oh, let me go. Let me go the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love is to come now is a time to worship. Come. Now is the time to worship. Oh God, [Music] now is the time to be. Oh come just as you are to worship [Music] just as you are before you. Oh God, one day every one of you are gone. by still remain one [Music] for us You [Music] come. Now is the time. Oh, now the time to give up. [Music] [Applause] Just as you are to worship, oh God. Just as you are for your God. Oh God. One day every God. Mary [Music] for you to one day one day you are one day [Music] for We choose we choose to surrender our lives. [Applause] Oh, with all our hearts all might and strange. We gladly choose [Applause] we just surrender. We are near [Applause] with all our heart so might. [Music] Oh come now is it time to worship. Oh God, now is the time to give your love. Oh come just as you are to us. Oh God, just as you are before your God, oh God. [Music] Let's just slow it down tonight. This is my desire [Music] to honor [Music] you. And Lord, with all my heart I worship you. I worship you. And all I have I have within me I give you praise and all that I adore. All that I adore is in you. is in you. Lord, I give Lord I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, [Music] Lord, I Oh Lord, I give you my Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, [Music] Lord have no way. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart, with all my heart, I worship you. I worship you with all I have. All I have within me, Lord, I give you praise. All that I adore, all that I adore is in you. is you Lord I give you Lord I give you my heart I give you my soul I live for you alone every breath that I [Music] every moment Lord I Lord I give you Lord I give you my heart. Give you my soul. I live for you. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Every moment I'll pray. Lord have your way. [Music] I give myself away. [Music] Oh Lord, I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I want to see. Lord Jesus reveal me. Give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away. So you gave me take my heart, take my life and shall live [Music] all my days, all my bless Lord, I place in your hands. I give myself away. [Music] Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use. I give myself away. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. My life is now my own is now my own. To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. My life is not my own. Not my own. To you I belong. [Music] I give myself I give myself to you. Give myself away. [Applause] Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh Lord, give myself so you can use me. Amen. Praise the Lord. He gives us. Amen. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, brother Ka. Thank you, musicians. Appreciate it. Amen. Amen. Good evening, everyone. I'm sorry I'm not Jimmy. Brother Jimmy was meant to be here tonight, but he's working away, so you've got me instead. But we'll we'll roster him in some other time to make up for it. Amen. So, um yeah, God bless you. Um let's go to the scripture. Uh tonight, we're going to go to Galatians chapter 4 and just a couple of verses, verses 6 and 7. Amen. So, everyone's there. Everyone's still Everyone's not an icicle. Everyone's warm enough. Amen. Spiritually and naturally. Amen. So, Galatians 4 and 6 and 7 reads like this. And because we are sons, God hath sent forth the spirit of his son into our hearts, crying, Abba, Father, wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son, and if a son, than an heir of God through Christ. What a powerful scripture right there. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. If you want to be remembered, you slip your hand up. There's quite a few who are not here tonight because of sickness and remember them especially. But let's pray together. Who wants to who wants the Lord to speak to them tonight? Amen. He's a personal God. I'm so thankful he is. Lord Jesus, we are so glad. I'm so thankful, Lord, that you're a personal God. Father, we don't just know about you. We know you personally, Father. We want to thank you for that, Lord, this night. And Lord, as we've gathered this night, and we want to worship and praise you. We thank you for the songs we've sung. We thank you for the atmosphere. We just want to thank you for your presence, Lord. And I just want to ask as we go through your word tonight, may you anoint it to our hearts, Lord. May it live, Lord. I pray it would bring forth a hundfold in everyone's life. Lord, those who are streaming tonight, Lord, because of sickness or working or whatever it may be, Lord, I pray you'd be their abundant portion, Lord. May it be like they're on the front row, dear God. May they feel your presence so real. And Lord, may you take your word, anchor it into our souls for your glory. We love you, Lord. We ask you cover us in your blood, Lord. Those who are sick, may you heal them. Lord, I pray you'd pour your spirit out. Speak to our hearts in a special way tonight. Grant it, Father, in Jesus Christ's name. May you remove every stumbling block of the enemy and you may you have free course for your glory in Jesus Christ's name we ask. Amen. Amen. God bless you friends. You can have your seats tonight. So I want to speak on a small a small subject here about uh we are no longer servants we are sons. But I want to ask you the question are you a servant or a son? Because we all start off as a servant but we're sons. Okay. Okay. So I'm just going to go through I want to ask this question because both a son starts as a servant but doesn't stay a servant and both act differently. They can be working in the same place in the same church in the same area doing the same job but one will conduct themselves very differently from the other. Okay. So this is where I'm going to go tonight. It's just a question I want to you know I always think though winter nights. Let's pull up by the fire. Let's have a chat. you know, let's just have a close kind of, you know, you know, that's that's how I feel anyway. It's cold out there, but toasty and nice here. So, you know, we live in a we live in a day, you know, as as uh brother Bram speaks about in the Bible declares about how there comes a season of jubilee, right? There's a season of jubilee. And and it says here in Leviticus, is just a bit of a background tonight, but it says, "Thou shalt number seven Sabbaths of years unto thee, seven times seven years. In the space of seven Sabbaths of years shall uh there be unto thee, 409 years. Then shalt thou cause the trumpet of the Jubilee to sound in the 10th day of the seventh month. In the day of atonement shall ye make the trumpet sound throughout all your land. And ye shall hallow hall the 50th year, and proclaim liberty throughout all the land unto all the inhabitants thereof. And it shall be a jubilee unto you, and ye shall return every man unto his possession, and ye shall return every man unto his family. So when the gospel goes forth, when the message of the hour is proclaimed, it's a jubilee trumpet to take us out of servantthood and place us back as sons to replace us back to where we should be, should have been in the beginning. So that's that's what the word does. That's the dynamics of the end time revival is placing a people as sons in Christ. Okay? So now, but we all started off in slavery. Whether we like it or not, we're all servants. We were sons, but we were servants. Then we became sons as a position. Okay. So, let's me just um put this on here. So, I don't want to I just want to make sure I don't miss anything. So, the scripture that we read um there in the opening, we're just going to go a bit slower a bit, okay? But we'll get there, okay? But so, it says here in Galatians 4, this is the whole piece. We we just read the last two verses, but it says, "Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differ from a servant, though he be lord of all." So, so we are all so the child he may be lord of all but but but he's he's the same as a servant, right? But then but then is under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. Even so we when we were children were were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of time was come, God sent forth a son made of a woman made under the law to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. Now that word adoption is the placing of a son or a daughter. It's you being placed in the family that your name on the check is as good as the father's. Right? Your what you say is the same as what the father says. It's exactly the same voice speaking. And so there has to come a time and I believe we're living in that season very much that we have been placed as sons. So we go from servants to being uh sons. Now brother Brandon speaks about this uh in a in a kind of a different way. He he he says in the sermon why are people so tossed about? I think it's a very uh very pertinent uh sermon for for the day and hour which we live. He says there's two he actually says there's two phases of Christianity. There's two phases just like a son going from a servant to a son. There's two phases of life. Okay, you start as a servant but you're a son but then you become a son. You're no longer a servant. Right? And and he says there's two phases of Christianity. He says one of them is intellectual or a mental conception of what God has said in his word and of Jesus Christ by the way of knowledge. So someone can have uh have all the knowledge of the word can be just perfect but it can just be an intellectual conception but then it goes on from that and the other is an experimental experience that God has given the man in his heart. So it goes from you say being just intellectual to a reality and same thing being a a a servant to a son right you're you're a servant you're under tutors you're told what to do and all these things but then you're placed in the family as a son in reality of what you're meant to be and and these two phases of Christianity are within the message right people start off intellectual they start off with a you know a mental understanding and and sometimes people can go through this phase for years but there comes a time when they when they step through the inner veil. They go into the Holy of Holies and it's no longer an intellectual understanding. It's a living reality. Amen. See, one intellectually is hungering. He is feasting on God, but his feast doesn't hold out. The other one seems to have the victory all the time. There's nothing bothers them. They're just as solid and anchored as they can be. No trials, no storms bother them at all. But they seem to have something about them that people who are Christians and trying to live for God admire that type of Christian. So there's there's the two phases right now. The Lord doesn't want us to be servants. He does not want any of us to be servants. He wants us to be sons and daughters of God. And so under the blood of bulls and goats, Israel was just a servant. Okay? But then when the Lord came, he began to speak to his disciples. And he used to speak in different actually the same language we um he gave to Abraham. Abraham was a friend of God, right? Under a grace covenant. And the and the people of God in this day are the friends of God or the bride of Jesus Christ. I'm going to come into that because it's all about relationship, right? And then now he says he says, "You are my friends if you do whatsoever I command you. Henceforth I call you not servants, for the servant knoweth not what his lord doeth, but I have called you friends. For all things that I've heard of my father, I have made known unto you. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit, and that your fruit should remain, that whatsoever you shall ask of the father in my name, I may give it you. These things I command you that you that ye love one another. So the Lord is telling his disciples very plainly, I'm going to lift you higher in relationship than you ever been. You've been servants. You've been to a certain level, but I've never that's that's never where I wanted you to end up. up. I want you to be my friends. Amen. Because a friend and a servant have got totally different relationships to the boss, right? One is purely a work relationship. It's a it's a job description. Do this, do this, don't do this. If you do, if you don't, you get fired, right? But a friend or I say or I say a son can never be fired, right? It's very different. Now, I'm just going to see. So, so we're we are in this day lifted up from servants to sons. Now, both servants and sons serve Right? They both serve. Okay? So, um because in the Bible, we are called servants as well, but that's not our relationship to God. But we both so both sons and servants serve, but that's really where they similar similarity stays because now there's a big differentiation. Son uh servants fear. There's always a fear of a servant can get fired, right? You don't do what you're told, you're fired. Lucifer went beyond his job description, tried to be like God, he got fired. Yes, an angel is a servant. Never part of the royal family. He got fired. Okay, he's still fussing about that firing, but he's going to be burnt up in the lake of fire, right? But but he was a he's now a fired servant. Okay, that's all he is. He's just a tool in God's hand for our good. Okay? So, so a a servant, there is a fear you can get fired, but a son can never be fired. A son can never be fired from being part of the family. It's impossible because the same life of in the in the father is in the son. Amen. Just like by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the same life in God is in you and I, right? Deity is in flesh once again. Amen. Servants uh their their per you know their work or how how they view they should be rewarded is based on performance. Someone at work, you know, they work harder, they get rewarded. It's all about what they do naturally in order to get somewhere. And it's the same thing with God. People think if I if I pray enough, if I do enough, if I line up to the word enough, then therefore God will re will reward me. But a son doesn't do that. Do they get lax and no because there can be a servant who's very diligent and there's a servant who can be very lazy. So one can be gathering up all the hay and working twice as hard as everyone else in the field and the other servant can be asleep behind the hay stack. They're both servants, right? Right? So a servant can either be very very um dogmatic and strict in what he does serving God or they can be asleep doing nothing thinking who cares right but a son lives the life of the father the life of the word lives out of them very different to laboring in the field right amen so so a servant's all about performance and then because of that servants compare and contrast so where you see servantthood on a person you see jealousy you see strife you see complaint saints because God may supernaturally bless someone else and they'll see that and a son will say, "Praise God. Hallelujah. God, thank you Lord for answering that prayer. Thank you for undertaking for that person." A servant will say, "But what about me? That's not fair." See, that's servantthood mentality. That's not sunship mentality, right? A son is always happy to see God be blessed by the father, right? A servant gets annoyed. They may pretend to say, "I'm so happy for you, but in their heart there, Lord, that's not fair. Look what I did, Lord. I went beyond my job description, Lord. Did you not see what I've been doing? And they, you know, they love to live that kind of life cuz they think they earn their way into something closer with God. We don't earn nothing. We surrender to the word and let him come and live in our lives. Amen. So, a son is never about performance-based, just about letting the Lord live the life out of us. Amen. So, you see, you know, um, servants, there is a gap between a servant and a boss. There's always, you know, there's a always a different relationship. You your it's it's a work relationship. So, so the boss will never share his, well, he shouldn't his innermost heart and desires with a servant because this guy's a servant. Why, you know, why would I share my innermost desires and what I want and things and thoughts with someone I've employed? But if they're part of my family, I want to share my innermost being with them to lift them up to where I am. Right? that and you know that's why the words come open in this day because God shared his most innermost heart desires the back part of God's mind. Brother Bram says when he preaches Christ the mystery God revealed. He says what was hidden in in in the back part of God's mind. I'm going to tell you right now what it is. Right? And what does it do? It lifts us up into a closer walk with God. But a servant you you know you'd never share that with a servant cuz he's a servant. But your son or your daughter, your family, you want to share the innermost part of you because you want them close. You want them to know you far more than anyone anyone else ever could. Why? Because they're part of you. So it's very different. There's a big gap between servants and sons. Amen. Because with a servant, it's just a work relationship. With a son, it's a family relationship. Praise the Lord. Amen. You know, it's like the parable of the talents. The one that was given the one talent because of fear. They buried their talent. They buried their talent because it was a fear relationship. Not f a i r f e a r relationship. He was afraid of when the master comes back. What if he fails? What if he does something wrong? He doesn't realize what he's been given will produce what it's meant to produce. You see? But so, so someone who's got a servantthood mentality can shut down and do nothing because of fear. What if I put a foot wrong? What if I do this? What if I stuff up here? And it's all their whole Christian walk is motivated by fear. And it sounds funny to say walk because really they're just standing still. Their whole Christian stand is based on fear. But a son realizes, well, if I do it wrong, God, he God's going to come and he's going to guide me. He's going to correct me in a way for my best interest in mind because he's going to show me a better way to walk. That's a son. Amen. It's not a fair relationship. It's a love relationship. Right? Because why? You are part of him. Amen. Now a servant sorry here the apostle Paul says in 2 Corinthians chapter 2 here he says now but their minds were blinded speaking of Israel until the day this for until this day rema um remainth the same veil untaken away in the reading of the old testament which veil is done away in Christ but even unto this day when Moses is read the veil is taken uh is upon their heart nevertheless when it shall turn to the Lord the veil shall be taken away. Now the spirit, now the Lord is that spirit. And where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Now this word liberty, I know I've I've, you know, shared it before, but this liberty means to be unrestrained. You can go at pleasure. So you're not restricted by servantthood. No, you're a son. You can walk into that position. You can you can manifest that position. You're not restricted by fear or anything that would value from God. You can walk with him. You can go, you know, free completely. So you see a servant can do everything out of the flesh but a son operates by the spirit. Amen. And of course the anointing of God gives them liberty to fulfill the word. Praise the Lord. Now um this is in this is from time test uh tested faith produces goods because I've often wondered you know you know brother makes such a startling statement. He said well I'll just read it here. He says you know he's seen good sainted people cross the platform and not be healed. But then he's seen prostitutes or people off the street come come across the platform, be instantly, miraculously healed, and walk out rejoicing because they got what they needed. And he's asking a question, why? Why does this happen? Because you think it would be the other way around. You think the good sainted person who's been serving God and believing the Lord and loving the Lord all the days of their life pretty much would instantly be touched by God and God would touch them. But the prostitute, not so much, right? But you see what happens is if if a person is still under servantthood, they think God owes them something because they've been working. Look, God, you owe me an answer to prayer. God, you owe me a miracle. Lord, Lord, I have earned this. I have served you. I've gone out of my way above and beyond my job description. Lord, you owe me this, God. That's how people's at. See how I asked on Sunday, how's your heart? You know, this is this is just a part two really. We're just continuing on this vein of thought, you know, are you happy in here? Are you content or more than content that you're a son or daughter of God? Or are you still under this servantthood mentality of trying to earn something and get something? It's like people try and, you know, they'll study the word to to to to gain actually knowledge, not revelation because it's not quickened. And they think, God, I've got this revelation now. You owe me something. That's servantthood. Sons are Lord, I'm walking with you. You called me. Now reveal yourself as we walk, Lord. Amen. God unfolds his word and you just enjoy him. You're not trying to earn anything by the revelation that you have gathered. I trust this comes out all in balance, right? But you know, because we can't say, "Look, Lord, I I know this and I know this and quoting doctrines and it can all be perfectly right and say, Lord, now you owe me a rapture." No, we're going in the rapture cuz we're sons. We're not going cuz we're servants. And God doesn't want servants. He wants sons. He doesn't want people to work for him and not know him intimately. He doesn't want a servant can know about the boss but only he'll only know part of the boss right he'll only know one side of the boss even at a work do he'll only know one side but his the boss's family will know that boss far greater because that they are part of his family than a servant ever will amen so he says because the Christians sometimes think God's owes it to them what that I'm a good person I've done so and so when you get that in your mind you'll never get anything from God till you get that out of your mind. That's such a see that's such a trap of a legalistic idea. God, you owe me something. He doesn't owe anyone anything. Amen. Who called you? Did you? No, he called you. Who saved you? He did. Who sanctified you? He did. Who's revealed his word to you? He did. Who's given you the Holy Ghost? Well, if you're a son, you've got it. He did. Right. It's his grace. What does he owe you? another but so we can't have this in our mind it says and when but you see servants can be very religious they can actually adopt a religious spirit where the life of God will not flow but a religion will and that you know servants who's you ever seen in a workplace I'm sure we all have that you know are at work even at school there's certain members of the class or your colleagues that will try and dominate though they're not in a position of authority they will try and control they'll try and give all the good ideas. They'll try and, you know, they'll try and make others look bad for them to look good. That's servantthood. That's not sunship, right? So, we can't. But you see, a religious spirit will do that. Will try and control, try and keep others down to make themselves look good. But those who have the Holy Ghost want others to look good. They want the Lord to be exalted. Number one, Brother Ram says, "How do you know a great person? Cuz that person makes you feel great. When you leave their presence, it's not all about them and what they do and how great they are. No, the a great person lifts others up and they feel and and the pe, you know, when people leave their presence, they feel refreshed. They feel happy. They feel at peace. Why? Because they've actually been in the presence of a great person. But a great person doesn't one doesn't think they're great and two doesn't project that cuz they think, Lord, I'm just I'm your child. You found me, Lord. I'm just glad to know you, Lord. that you but but people who think they're great often are not great. And people who think they're great are actually servants. Sons don't need to prove anything. Hallelujah. Amen. But you see, that's a religious spirit trying to control, trying to lift themselves up. But but a son just lifts up his father or her father. Amen. And most times when people are religious, they think God owes them something. I just want to repeat this from a different sermon. I've seen people who has lived in a church a straight life come to the platform and fail to be healed when a prostitute off the street would come humbly and bound the prince of God and reckon herself to be a prostitute, ask forgiveness and be healed of um sarcomus cancer where a Christian walked across with merely a little headache and failed to get it. God doesn't judge you or heal you by your church affiliation. It's according to your faith you are healed. Amen. I was trying to catch up here. So we must never see if if if someone's owed something, it's because there's actually a jealousy that's motivating them. And they're only happy when everyone else is down. When everyone's up there, they're down cuz they're jealous. It's not fair, Lord. Why me? You know, why this? God's sovereign. Everything's working for our good. Amen. Right? We don't need to worry about what God is doing. We just have to have confidence. Lord, you are going to use this for my good. Good times, bad times, every time is a good time for you cuz all things work together for your good. Amen. So, it's not about fairness or what happens to others. No, it's not about that at all, Lord. I'm just walking with you. Amen. So now, if we are no longer servants, but we're sons, what do we have to see? A servant is living in fear. Am I going to make it? Am I not? Am I going through the great tribul? Am I going in the rapture? Well, I don't know because it's all about metrics. Who's ever seen like metrics, you know, analytics? How are you tracking and all these things? It's all about performance and yeah, well, I'm definitely 110% up of joy this this week, but months I'm about 200% down, so I'm not doing too good. You all those things, you know, yeah, this is going better. My bank account's more and this is fine. It's all about metrics. But a son is I'm a child of the king. I'm never out of his care. He can't lose me because I'm part of him. Amen. I cannot be lost cuz he cannot lose his own. Right? So it totally changes it. So so a son is not afraid. They're going to miss the rapture. That's what I'm saying. How's your heart? If you're afraid, you don't need to stay afraid. You don't need to live in fear, right? We're not going to, you know, God doesn't want us to be fearful because fear brings separation. Just like in the garden, Adam and Eve fell. The voice of God was walking in the garden. And what was God wanted? Fellowship. Adam and Eve hid because of fear. They were afraid of what God would do to them. What? It was fear that caused separation. God doesn't want us to be afraid. You don't need to be afraid. Amen. So, brother says, "What are you scared about? Are you afraid to take his his word for anything?" Don't be afraid. Call the thing right. I am an heir to this. Oh, I know I don't deserve it, but I'm an ear anyhow. A servant will think I'm not worthy. Therefore, they won't receive it. But a heir or a son just says, "Well, it's not about what I have done. It's what he has promised." Right? So it's not about we are all unworthy by the way but it's not our worthiness that counts. It never has. It never will. It never could amount to nothing. Not even hillbeans. Amen. But it's his worthiness that stands. His worthiness is how I'm going in a rapture. Nothing else. Salvation is of the Lord. It's by grace alone we are saved. It's the blood of Jesus Christ alone, not your good works. So it's not your performance as a servant. It's what God has done. You know, brother Brown makes a statement. He says, "I could go hunting and fishing for the rest of my life every day and it wouldn't touch my salvation." A servant will go all jittery with that kind of statement. Say, "Well, how can you? Cuz you know, you're not doing what you should be doing and you know your calling. Here's your job description. You not fulfilling it. You're going to get fired, man." He No, no, I'm a son of God. But because of love, because of love for the Lord and for his people, what the prophet did what he did, right? He gave his life because of He was motivated by love, not by fear. Amen. I trust tonight we are motivated by the love of God, not by the fear of man. Amen. Servants worry what other people say about them. What will this person think? What will that person think? Well, I better not shout. I better not be too happy. I better not be too lively or I better be lively or I better shout because this person. They're always looking at what other people say about them. But a son only cares what the father wants. They're he they are interested in his word and pleasing him alone. Not to earn anything, but because they love him because he first loved them. Amen. So call the thing right. I'm an heir to this. Oh, I don't deserve it, but I'm an ear anyhow because I'm an air. I receive it. Amen. That's it. There you are. Because I'm an ear. That's it. We are air of salvation. Heir of the Holy Spirit. I'm an air because Jesus paid the price. Nothing I had to do. I just fell air to it. Amen. I'm healed because I'm an ear to it. My diseases are gone. My affliction is gone. Why? Because I'm an heir to it. Oh, perfect assurance, Jesus is mine. Amen. So, every redemptive blessing we fall heir to because of him, not because of us. I like that. That means I can get it. Amen. Why? Cuz he's done it. Amen. He says, now he says, "Oh, what a foretaste of glory, divine heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood." That's my that's our story. Oh, then Satan can't stand that. See, because he's a defeated being. He's nothing but a bluff. Jesus paid the price. Called us by his grace. We're here. What a perfect setup that is. It's rigged. Praise God. Amen. See, he's already defeated. I never defeated him. Christ defeated him. I'm just claiming my own god-given privileges. That's all you do. You just tell Satan, "Get away from here. I've got an abstract deed on this building. It's mine. I ed it." I don't even know if that's a word, but I like it. I ed it. Satan, get out in the name of Jesus Christ. Whatever redemptive blessing you place your claim on, you say, "Satan, get away from it." I added it. Amen. I the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I've added healing. I've added peace. I've added prodals coming home. I've had every redemptive blessing. I added it. Satan, get away in the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. Do you see now, now this may see now this is Ruth gleaning in the field. What if Ruth What if this was the day after their honeymoon and they came back home and Ruth goes back in the field? That won't make sense, eh? You say, "What are you doing, Ruth?" "Oh, I'm just trying to survive and you know, I'm just trying to glean and this is where I've been and but God doesn't want us to stay in servantthood." Boaz could have came and go and say, "Honey, what are you doing? Why Why are you behind the reapers trying to meek out a living?" No, you've aired it, Ruth. You've aired this whole place. Th this whole place, Ruth, is yours. You don't need to try and survive and meek out. Oh, but I'm just being humble and you know, God saved me. You know, Boaz, you saved me by your grace and you called me. No, no, no, no, no. That servantthood mentality, you got to realize, no, I'm married to the king. Amen. I aired it. Amen. He came down and offered, you know, his hand in marriage. Will you marry me? And you say, absolutely. Hallelujah, Lord. So everything he has, you're fallen heir to. So she doesn't need to go back. We don't need to have a servantthood. See, but servants, if you listen to them, will try and make you a servant. But we should not listen to servants to try and put us back into servantthood. We should listen to the word of God that says, "You're a son." Right? So, if she listened to the reapers and they I don't know why they'd do it because they're they're loyal reapers. But what if they say, "Hey, Ruth, you got to come back and glean in the field." But a servant, a real servant say, "Ruth, we are at your command. What do you have need of? Because we work for we're Hey, we can't be married to Boaz. We're servants, but what can we do for you? Amen. So, we never want to we we never want to come back into servantthood again. I trust this is okay. How we doing? We're doing good now. See, see, it's it isn't some law. See, servants live by a law. Thou shalt, thou shalt not. Thou shalt do this. And the word says this, and this is the message. This how it's got to be. You got to keep it like this. No, we don't live it by that way. The word still stands, but we don't live it by that way. Our motivation is not fear of being fired. Right? See, it isn't some law that I have to preach the gospel. It isn't some law that I have to do this. It's because I love him so much. I just love to do it. Praise God. Amen. It's because I And if we you love him like that, as long as I love my wife like that, she don't never have to worry. Okay? So a servant, it's all about terms and conditions. A son's all about relationship. Okay. So as long as Okay. So So as long as my wife, as long as I love my wife like that, she don't need to never worry. As long as she loves me like that, she don't have to worry. We don't go around one to another. Now, if she'll say, "Now you listen here, Mr. Brandham. Tell you something right now. You're going away on this trip. I'm going to lay the law right down to you. Don't you run around on me, young man. Oh no. Don't you do that. Well, after she gets the laying down the law, um laying down the law, then I turn back and I say, "Now, my fair lady, let me tell you something. While I'm gone, don't you have no other husbands? Don't you do this and don't you do that?" Well, we we don't say that. Sure. I just love her so much. My trust is in her and she loves me so much in the same way. Uh so we I say goodbye, sweetheart. Be praying for me all right there. I'll be praying for you all the time. Hurry back. All right. That's all of it. That's all of it. I know it's very simple, but love a relationship takes away all the terms and conditions. Of course, if you, you know, just like husband and wife, if you love your spouse enough, those terms and conditions, of course, they're there, but you're not going to have to worry about women or men and all these things. Why? Because you love them so much. Amen. You're not living in fear. Oh, what if someone comes along? No. You love them so much. That's totally out of the picture. You can stand there as a son and turn down temptation. Just like Joseph, you know, when Piper's wife came in and tried to sleep with him, committed adultery, he says, "No, I'm not going to sin against my God." He ran away cuz he was a son. He wasn't a servant. If he had a servant mentality, he would have fallen to that would have been a terrible thing. But because he was a son and he loved the Lord so much, he wasn't willing for any of those things to even come near his mind. Amen. That's all of it. See, you just love the Lord enough, you don't need to fear nothing. Amen. See, you ain't you ain't got no big well, you have to come and be this way and sprinkled and confirmed and brought to this and that and these and that and all these different orders and things like that. And if you don't dance with your feet crossed this way, it ain't right. And you have to dance with your feet crossed this way. See, he's saying it's not all the all these orders and things you got to do that that's servantthood mentality. Who's with me tonight? And I trust this makes sense. It's not all well my skirt's this long, my uh sleeve is this long. My hair's like this and this and this is this. No, you love him so much. Then the Lord will show you what to do. Amen. And because you love him, you're like, "Yes, Lord. Of course, because why? You have the same heart. You got the same mind." Amen. Because you got the mind of Christ. Praise the Lord. Now, we all know this story very well. Where where's the Oh, well, I'll I'll just put this up here. We all know the story very well of the prodical son. It says that the father had two sons. Now we know the story that the youngest son he said give me all all that's mine ran off spent it you know wasted all of that inheritance and writers living in a far country. Then there's a great um you know a great famine came up in that place and then finally he finds himself and he's feeding pigs you know feeding you know feeding pigs and he's so hungry he you know he's jealous of what the pigs are eating and then and you know they're eating scraps but then he came to himself he thought even my the servants of my father are living in a better state than I am. So he goes back and he decides well but I was going to he says now he says this from verse um I just want to leave that picture up there because God doesn't want many people want to stay like that but God doesn't want us to stay like that because the son says I'm just going to go back and be a servant to my father. I'm not worthy to be called his son anymore. I'm going to be a servant. And many people get this in their mind because they know they're unworthy. They know there's a place at the table and they're genuinely thankful, but they for some reason want to keep themselves as servants. But when when the son came back, the father came running cuz the father was looking for his son to return. And wait, maybe maybe just put it up here so you can read along with me. He says this here. He says, "And when he came to himself," this is a son in the pig pen. He said, "How many hired servants of my father have bread enough to spare and I perish with hunger? I'll arise and go to my father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before the before thee. I I am no longer worthy to be called thy son. Make me as one of thy hired servants now. And so he arose, came back to his father, and when he was yet a great way off, the father saw him, had compassion, and ran and fell on his neck, and kissed him. And the son said unto him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven in thy sight, and am no more worthy to be called thy son." So the son had already made up his mind. I can never be a son again. I'm not worthy to be a son. I've ruined my life. I've ruined my inheritance. I've gone too far for too long, but I'm going home and I'm not worthy to be called a son. And he even says this to his father. But now notice the father never says to the son, "That's a good idea, son. At least you're home, but go sit in the corner. You're not welcome at the table because you forfeited your right to the table. You forfeited your right to be living in my house. You forfeited the right of being called by my name. Just go back in the corner." That was never the father's heart. He had no desire for another servant. If he wanted another servant, he would have got one. But he could not get another son. He only had two sons. Amen. And he wanted both of them back in his house. He wasn't willing just to get someone else and make them the son. He wanted his own flesh and blood, back in his presence, back living in his kingdom. That's what he wanted. Amen. And that's what God wants. He doesn't want you to come back as a servant. He wants you to come back in your position as a son or daughter of God. So you see here now this is the son is saying look I'm no longer to be called you know I'm you know I'm no more worthy to be called thy son. See that's a servant mentality. I have done wrong. I fulfill any position that I was born by or born to. But the father does not acknowledge what he says. He doesn't even say anything about what he's done. He just says to his servants bring forth the best robe. Put it on him. Put a ring on his hand and the shoes on his feet and bring hither the fatted calf and kill it and let us eat him and be merry. For this my son was dead and is alive again. He was lost and is found and they began to be married. Hallelujah. So don't be staying as a servant. No, God don't want you as a servant. He doesn't want you as just part of his kingdom. No, you're the apple of his eye. Amen. You're the whole purpose of his being is you being redeemed back to what he wanted you to be in the beginning. Amen. Amen. Because remember, redeemed is not being placed back as a servant. We weren't servants in the beginnings. We're sons and daughters of God. I pray this is sinking in quite nicely. Amen. Webster says about redeem. This is the definition. To buy back, to repurchase, to get or win back. The Lord won you back by his love. Amen. To free from what distresses or harms such as free from captivity by payment of ransom. Amen. To extradite from or or help to overcome something detrimental. Amen. He has extradited you from the shackles of sin. He has extradited or helped you to overcome unbelief. Amen. He has freed you. He has paid your debt. He paid your ransom on Calvary in completeness and in fullness. And there's nothing the devil has against you anymore. Why? Because he's redeemed you. He's bought you back as a son or daughter of God. Hallelujah. To release you from blame or debt. Where is thine accusers? This is why he said to the woman who was brought in adultery, he began to write in the sand probably the sins of all the Pharisees around her. And he said, "He that's without sin, let him cast the first stone." And one by one, they're unconscious because they weren't free of their blame or they're dead of their sin. And their conscience came up. They dropped the stones. They walked away. And then it was finally just the Lord and that woman there. And and and the Lord said to her, "Where are thine accusers?" And she says, "I have none." They said, "Neither do I condemn thee." What? She was redeemed from blame or guilt. Hallelujah. She was released from it. And and then the Lord said to her, "Go and sin no more." Amen. Free from the consequences of sin. I'm free from that one. Hallelujah. Amen. There ain't no lake of fire. There's no great white throne judgment for me. No. I've got I got streets of gold to dance on. Hallelujah. Why? Because I have been redeemed. I have been redeemed back to what I should have been in the beginning. Hallelujah. We got to realize our God is not a our God is not a robot. Our God is not indifferent. Amen. You know it says here in Luke, this is just before the prodical son story. It says, "Likewise, I say unto you, there is great joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth." So what is that joy in the presence of God? That's God's joy. Amen. That's God's joy. Amen. God has feelings. Amen. He's emotional. Many times we think of the angels breaking out in jubilation when one of his children come home. They ain't breaking out in jubilation like God is. Hallelujah. Amen. Because why? He's look he was looking forward to the day when he met you. Amen. If he hasn't done that, I pray it be tonight that he meets you. Amen. And there be a jubilation break out in the throne of God. Why? Because one of my sons, one of my daughters has opened their lives and I've stepped in and changed them forever. I've redeemed them from the shackles of death. Amen. Hallelujah. That's that's who's rejoicing. Amen. Why? Because our God loves. I mean, he's not just a God of anger and wrath and, you know, all those things. He's a God of love and a God of compassion. He's a God who cares. He's a jealous. He's a zealous God. I mean, he's a God of passion, of love for his bride. Amen. He's not an indifferent robot that just looks at his word and says, "Do they line up? Yes, they're coming in." No, he goes far beyond that. Amen. Why? He's a God of love. Amen. He cares for you. He loves you with unfailing love. Amen. He doesn't want you to be a servant. He wants you to be a son or a daughter of God. Hallelujah. Amen. It says in Zephaniah 3, "Sing, oh daughter of Zion. Shout, O Israel, be glad and rejoice with all the heart." Amen. Oh daughter of Jerusalem. Amen. The Lord hath taken away thy judgments. Now, I just got to jump back to this quickly. The reason I put that picture there is because the prodigal son never sat like that after he was redeemed. I mean, he never sat there with a glum look on his face being dunk ass and hungry and jealous of the pigs. There weren't any pigs in that kingdom, that's for sure. But, you know, he wasn't jealous of the livestock he was looking after. He wasn't in rags. No, cuz he came home. He was redeemed. He got on a new robe, sandals, ring. I mean, he was placed back in the family. But servants want to make you like that cuz that's more spiritual. No, it's not. It's more spiritual to confess what God has made you. Amen. To actually confess what the blood has done. Amen. To rejoice like God rejoices. That's more spiritual. It's not spiritual to be downcast. You sure we have periods of mourning and God bears us in our mourning, but our mourning must turn to joy. And there's going to be a time when our downcast, our negative confession becomes positive. Amen. We begin to confess what God has said about us. I mean, we just repeat back what he's already said about you. Amen. Hallelujah. This is this is why I came to this scripture here in Zephania. I'll start it from the beginning again cuz I like it. Sing, oh daughter of Zion. Shout, O Israel. Be glad and rejoice with all the heart, O daughters of Jerusalem. The Lord hath taken away thy judgments. Amen. When did he do that? That day on Calvary, the judgment you should have received, he took upon himself. Amen. He went to hell so you don't have to go to hell. Amen. He carried your sins away that you don't have to carry none of them. Amen. He carried them far away. Amen. And the wrath of God that we should have received, he gladly took on Calvary to fulfill the God the the the law of God. Amen. He has cast out thy enemy. Hallelujah. And has cast out that enemy. You got to realize, no, your enemy doesn't belong where you are. He's been cast out by almighty God. Hallelujah. Amen. The king of Israel, even the Lord is in the midst of thee. And thou shalt thou shalt not see evil anymore. Amen. Now, we shall see. No, we're not going to see evil. You say, "Well, what about this world?" That's not what he's talking about to me. Uh to me, that's what he's talking about is what is what is on the inside of you. I got joy like a fountain. I got peace like a river. I got the righteousness of God. Amen. I've got his robe of righteousness. I've Hallelujah. I've got his salvation. I mean, I've been anointed with the oil of gladness in spite of whatever's going on in my life. Amen. God has equipped me with joy and peace and everlasting life. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, "Fear thou not and to Zion. Let not thy hand be slack." Amen. Fear not. Hallelujah. The Lord thy God is in the midst of in the midst of thee is mighty. He will save. He will rejoice over thee with joy. This is this is how God feels when he thinks of you. You think about a certain person and emotion comes up. When you think of your family, your spouse should be a great well of love gushing forth. Amen. Why? And and this is what he feels when he thinks about you. I mean, he's not he's not uh embarrassed by you. Even on our worst day, he ain't embarrassed. Amen. We are his workmanship. I just want to ask you a question. Does God ever do a a a a bad job? Does God ever cut any corners? Does God ever do half a project and throw up his hands and do something else? No. What he starts, he completes. And what he does is perfect and it stands forever. Amen. It's not a patchup job. is not a bit of sticky tape around it hoping it will hold together. No, he transforms us. He makes us in his image. Amen. And what he makes is perfect and nothing can stand against it that can destroy it. No, it will stand for eternity. It will stand. Hallelujah. Amen. So he rejoices over you. Amen. With joy. Amen. He will rest in his love and he will joy over thee with singing. Our God likes to sing. And it ain't a funeral march. That's for sure. That's victory is mine. Amen. She is my greatest achievement. Hallelujah. Her he will joy over thee. Look at my beloved. She's spotless. She's perfect. She's immaculate. There's none like her in all of creation. You can search from one side of the universe to the other. Every dimension, there's nothing like the redeemed of the Lord. Hallelujah. I'm just telling you what God says about you. Amen. If if there's any other voice in your mind that says anything less than this about you, it's the devil. Have nothing to do with that voice. You put this on your fridge or put it wherever and you say, "Lord, this is what you've said about me. I'm going to respond in kind." Amen. He's my joy. He's my strength. He's my everything. And Lord, I'll rejoice in you. Amen. Cuz God, you're my God and you love me. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. I got one more. For as a young man marrith a virgin, so shall thy sons marry thee. And as the bridegroom rejoicth over the bride, so shall thy God rejoice over thee. I mean, there's nothing like a newlywed couple. Amen. They're finally they're married. They're one. Amen. The expectation we're going to create a life together. Create a future together. We're going to be one. No more separated. Amen. No more twain. No more distance between us, but we're one. And body, soul, and spirit. We're completely one. That's that joy. Amen. That's that's how the Lord rejoices over thee. Amen. I've been longing for you for years. Amen. I've been planning our life together and coming together. I've wooed you with my word. Amen. Why? It's three pulls. You say it's actually three woos. He's wooed you to his side. It's not woes. Very different. The world is up for its third woe. But we are experiencing the third pull. He has pulled. It's not a push. It's not a woman, you better shape up and cook me some eggs and if you don't do this, you're out. That's nothing like that. God, don't talk that kind of a language. That's a religious spirit trying to make them servants. Amen. But sons are made in such a way. Amen. By the love of God pulling them. Amen. Stand by my side. You belong with me. I belong with you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's how he rejoices. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Do you believe it? So that's why I was h the musicians tonight. Please, actually, because I just want to leave it there, but I want to ask you the question. Is that a real to you? I trust it's real to you. Everyone here who's watching, I trust you don't have a servant mentality of have I done enough for God to rejoice over me? Have I earned that position? Have I, you know, have I done enough? That's a servant mentality. You know, you see God anoint someone and and God and you know, they just shout and scream and have a Jubilee time and you get jealous of that person. That's a servantthood. Sons are not We start off as servants, but we end up as we're sons in servant position, then we come into sunship. God wants us as sons. So, how's your heart today? You trying to earn something? Lord, if I just do this, then this will happen. this or you just surrendered loving him that when you're alone by yourself, there's a peace like the river, joy like a fountain. You're not afraid of missing the rapture cuz you're part of him. He's told you again and again and again through his word, through songs, through preaching, through experience. You're mine. You're mine, my beloved. Hallelujah. And we're going to enjoy a thousand-y year honeymoon soon. Amen. And then we're going to throw the devil into the lake of fire. And then we're going to roll on to eternity. I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to remodel. I'm going to transform the earth that it's fit for you and I to dwell in. And eternity is going to roll on. And we're going to rejoice and we're going to dance and we're going to give glory and be thankful and just enjoy each other. Amen. This is the God I know. I pray it's the same for everyone that we are sons as sons, not sons as servants. Amen. Let's stand tonight. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I want to sing this song. I'm no longer a slave to fear. I'm no longer a servant. God's done a work. Glory. I'm a son. I'm his child. I'm part of him. His life flows through my life. It's no longer me. It's no longer I that liveth, but Christ that liveth in me. Amen. Deities a tabernacled in flesh living himself out. We're going to go into that on Sunday. Amen. But our God is good. Amen. Took us from servantthood. You don't need to earn anything. It's not about a job description. No, you're part of me. You're part of the family. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord tonight, shall we? Amen. Let's just sing this. Oh, you unravel me with a meloy. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enemy. Peace till all my fears are gone. Amen. I'm no longer a slave to fear. For I am a child of God. I'm no longer a slave to fear. Thank you, Lord. Oh, I am a child of God from eternity. You have chosen me. Your love has called my name. I've been born again. Been born again into your family. [Music] Your blood flows through my veins. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer afraid to fear. I am a child [Music] of God. I'm no longer no longer. I am a child. child. Oh, I'm no longer I no longer say who I am. [Music] I'm no longer I'm no longer [Music] I am a child. I am a child. You split the sea so I know. You split the sea so I could walk right through away. My fears were down in close. You rescued me. You resueed me so I could stand as I am a child. You split the sea. You break the se so I could walk right through my face down in perfect me. You resued me so I could stand [Music] I am a child. Oh, I am no longer I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child. I am a child. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer there to f I am a child. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer this. I am a child. I am a child. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer just to fear. I am a child. I am a child above all above all powers. Above all kings, above all and all created things above all wisdom and all the way man. to him before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thorns, above all the world is ever known. Above all world champions of the earth, [Music] there's no way to measure what [Music] crucified. Crucified. You laid behind the stone. You live to die. rejected and alone like a rose treble on the ground. took the floor [Music] and thought of me of all of you crucified. Crucify behind the stone. You live to die. rejected and lonely like a road trampled on the ground. He took the fall [Music] and thought of me above all above all powers above all kings. Above all nature and all creation, [Music] above all wisdom and all the ways of man. [Music] You were there before the world began. Above all kingings, above all lord, [Music] above all wonderers, the world is ever known. Above all, des [Music] you crucify. Crucify [Music] behind the stone. You live to die. Take it out like a road. [Music] have all the to [Music] crucified. Crucify behind the stor [Music] like a road tra and thought of me. Come on. Fall like a rose. Like a rose. [Music] Trampled on the ground. He took the fall [Music] and thought he [Music] Thank you for the cross. [Music] Thank you for the price you gave all my sin and shame in love. You came and gave amazing grace. Oh, thank you for this love. [Music] Thank you for his name. [Music] You wash me in your caring clothes. Now all I know is your forgiveness and embra [Applause] [Music] on the throne. on the throne. We crown you now. We crown you now with many praise. You reign victorious. You are high and lifted up. High and lifted up. Oh Jesus, son of God, son of God. You only of heaven. [Music] Worthy is our lamb. Worthy. Worthy is the lamb. Oh, thank you for the cross, Lord. Oh, thank you. Thank you for the price you pay. all my sin and shame. Your love you gave and gave amazing. Oh, thank you. Thank you for this love. We thank you. Thank you for the hands. You wash me in your cleansing flow. Now all I know is your forgiveness. Worthy is alive. is the light. Sit it on the throne. The throne will crown you now. [Music] You reign victorious. [Applause] I am lifted up and lifted up. Jesus, son of God. [Music] The darling, the ding of heaven is [Music] the lamb. [Music] We sing. Worthy, worthy is the lamb. [Music] [Music] Just change the key. Can we go one down? [Music] There is that was too deep. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could say I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you my Lord. There is none like me. No one else can touch my heart. No one else can touch my heart like you. Oh, I can search. I can search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you. Your mercy flows. Your mercy flows like a river. [Music] and healing comes from your hands. Suffering children, suffering children are safe in God. There is none like you. There's none like you, my Lord. like you. No one else can touch. No one else can touch my heart like you do. And I can serve. I can search for eternity long. And there is none like you. There's none like you, my love. There is none like you. No one else can touch love. No one else can touch my heart like you. I can search. I can search for all eternity long. [Music] There is none like you. Amen. There's none like him. Hallelujah. I promise you one thing. You won't find anything near close to him. How great he is. Amen. Let's let's bow our heads in a word of prayer tonight. Amen. And you said Lord I want to be I don't want to be a servant. Who wants to be remembered in prayer? Lord I want to be a son or daughter. Hallelujah. Gracious father. Oh there is none like thee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Thank you Lord. You rejoice over us with joy. Hallelujah. Lord you're not ashamed of your bride. You're not ashamed of your children. My God. Father. No matter what we've done, where we've gone, my God. Thank you. There's place to come back to you, Lord God. not as servants but as sons as daughters Lord back at your table back at your house oh God hallelujah to your great name Lord I want to just pray father anyone who's here or may watch this or is watching Lord that's still in that servant that servantthood mentality that servantthood way of living Lord may they go beyond that my God father may they go into sunship Lord Jesus to know you in the power of your resurrection Lord to know you personally father not just to work work for you my God not just try and labor to earn something. No Lord, not that way, but far beyond that, Lord. Knowing you in an intimate way. Knowing you, Lord, is only a family or a husband or wife could know each other, my God. May you grant that in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, I pray you'd watch over us as we go our separate ways tonight, Lord. Continue to be our abundant portion. We love you so much, and we thank you, Lord. Truly, there is none like you. Glory to your name, Lord. We thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You're dismissed in Jesus Christ's name. [Music] [Music] [Music] God cover me. through the storm cover me. [Music] Oh peace of God cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God cover me to the stor. Cover me. Only you I am safe. It's only you I'm secure. It's only you like peace. So cover me. Cover me. Cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Cover me when all seems open. Cover me when my face is gone. [Music] All I understand. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Peace of God. Cover me [Music] through the storm. Cover me. Only in you. Only in you I am safe. Only in you. Only you. for me. It's only you. So cover me. [Music] Cover me. Cover me when I am hurrying. Cover me when I'm not strong. Come to me when I am going through the stor. Come to me when all seems so [Music] gone. The cross is all I am. Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Cover me all over me. My faith is gone. possible for I love [Music] me. [Music]
