################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-03 - 18062025 | Rest (Audio With Slides) | Brother Eduan Naudé - Eduan Naud - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-03
Title:   18062025 | Rest (Audio With Slides) | Brother Eduan Naudé
Speaker: Eduan Naud
Church:  Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jAGjW0wKuyI
========================================

[Music] falling down. sing [Music] for us and our sing your name is your name is the Great is your name s [Music] [Music] your name s the angels cry holy All creation, [Music] holy, you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] will sing forever. [Music] Oh, you are lifted high. Holy, holy forever. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Holy forever. Oh, [Music] you are lifted up. Oh, holy [Music] Oh, [Music] you [Music] holy forever. Angels come. Let the angels cry. Holy creation cry. Holy. You are lied. Holy. Holy forever. Amen. Oh Lord Jesus. Lord I'm nervous to stand up here Lord but you place something on my heart that I have to share Lord. Lord may you take prereeminence in this service. this little thought Lord that's just come together Lord may it just be your name that will be glorified through it all may the revelation and the testimony and all the thoughts that's coming and has to project through this lips Lord will be yours Lord may you just take control of any spirit Lord here that wants to hinder or distract or just be contrary to your word Lord may you may you take full control and feel welcome in our midst Thank you so much for the wonderful atmosphere that's been set by the saints of this body, Lord, and by the musicians in our dictim, Lord. Lord, it's a cold night, Lord, but may we sit close to each other in the spiritual as well, Lord, that we that we can have a fire that's burning, Lord. A revival fire from within, Lord, that will just spread out or we don't have any choice, Lord, and any any decision in the matter where you just go forth, Lord. um through your people and where we testify, Lord, of your goodness and your mercy in these last days. Be with all these chopped up words, Lord, now and have your way in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Thank you very much. Musicians, Josh, um you may you may take your seats and then we can we can read the word together. Thank you so much um uh for this opportunity that I can be here. Um, I don't know about the other ministers, but I really enjoy it when we are skeleton crew cuz then it feels like I'm preaching to myself and uh and and I am and I am everything that I will share with you today tonight is um absolute revelation that came to me and you'll see where we are in the scriptures how far this um how how far my revelation is within the word. I'm only now in Genesis and um and and so apart from the from the revelation, I will share just what the Lord's busy with, the testimonies that's coming through and I'll testify of what he does. Not what he's doing. Well, yes, what he's doing, what he's busy doing, not what he's done or what he might do. It's right now. We have to live right now here. Um, while you're standing, let's take our Bibles um and let's go to Genesis 1. Let's go to Genesis 1. And that's the last verse, verse 31. Say, there. Okay. And God saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. Then we jump to Genesis 2. Thus the heavens and the earth were finished, and all the host of them. And on the seventh day, God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. May God bless the reading of his word. You may have your seats. Um yes. So the the the revelation struck. Trying to still settle my nerves. I actually write on here settle the nerves. um you know just start start talking and you know how brother Brandon was as well he would just get something and just just make himself relax. I don't think you'll ever be able to relax in the presence of God. But in my theme, and it just came now, you can have it for free. We can rest in his presence. And this is where we're heading now. Right. So, settle the nerves. What I wanted to talk about here is this is not public speaking. I think if it was public speaking, I would actually not be nervous. Some of you would know I am a bit of a drama queen. you know, I've I've done drama in the past and all this kind of things and and I I remember I think I was oh probably Daniel's age. I think it was I was 7 years old where I I what's fra you you recite something so it's poems and I remember the one I got a a plus or a something and I was devastated because the other one I got a A++ and I thought why didn't I get two pluses for that one you know so I was 7 years old and I'm arguing with my mom in the car you know why did I you know so I was I was I was absolutely if it's drama or public speaking that I can do But the first time when brother ran uh brother Ben asked me to come and minister y that that was hard. That was so hard. What was my first message? I can't even remember. I hope it was not the the the the coffee one. Um I I need to still go and um refine that a little bit. But it was so unsettling cuz immediately if you had ever revelation that's a revelation of oh dear it is it is this is not public speaking you know you you are standing here and you're bringing a word and fresh mana in this season for saints of god for the body of Christ you know to edify them it's not just it's not just to motivate you this is not a a little all blacks locker room you know this is this is quite serious stuff this is life and death. So um yes and uh ever since I've I've been preparing as such. So um let us jump to yes. So there there's my theme for the night is is is rest. And I'll I'll take a quick little segue um away from rest but it does tie in together. Um this is the Lord that placed it on me and I was praying in the car. I go Lord so how do I bring these two together? But I think I think he he showed me. So, I believe he did. I I don't think I believe he did. So, the first little segue, um, this this popped into my head. I go, "Are you an eagle or are you a mircat?" I know brother Brandham usually talks about a buzzard or a eagle. and for my African brother and I still have some a Africa in me. Um, eagle and a and and a mia cat sort of just popped into my head and um and I thought well w with the idea of rest and what we read just now, why why did God need to rest? you know, what did what did we need to see for him to be able to do or or to do it, you know, to put that in in motion and and what was or what is that rest that hopefully we will find out tonight in this little journey that we have today. So, my first first segue here is this eagle and and and Mia cat. All right. So, obviously some of you would know what's a well what what's both of the um of the animals. So, let's run through it. So, I've got the eagle in the wild. Okay. So, there's the eagle. Uh, I wonder who can tell me what eagle is that. Oh, it's a fish eagle. And I was just thinking about that, brother M. And I wrote it down here. The Americans, you know, so spiritually, um, we've got way better spiritual named eagles in in Africa cuz Africa's got the fish eagle. We've got the crown eagle or the crest eagle. We've got the we used to know it as a white cross eagle. So on the back it's a black eagle and on the back of it it looks like a white cross that comes together and the and the tail feathers. Beautiful animal. We've got the batalure and and then in Congo I heard we've got the serpent eagle and then the Americans come with a bald eagle. I thought wow that doesn't really sound very spiritual but anyway. So I stuck with a fish eagle. There's some spiritual sign significance in that picture as well. Uh fish eagle in the wild catching what he does best, you know. And I thought, so what's the traits here of a of an eagle? And I wrote here an eagle in the wild. An eagle in the wild you can see is majestic, right? And it's so laser focused. It can be so high just just soaring there on the on the wind, you know, but it will focus. It'll see that fish in the in the reflection of the water, you know, it will catch things like fish and snakes and even goats, you know, to take it to its height. So, it'll take something from down here and bring it up here, you know, it'll take it to its nest or wherever where it's where it supernaturally operates where God's intended to to operate. And with that, I tied that little scripture of when the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord will raise the standard. Amen. It shall she he he he he shall raise a standard says the scripture. I think it's Isaiah 59. Now we think okay a meat in the wild. So what is the this the stark difference? Obviously they are on the ground and they've got a burrow. They they tunnel under underground is their protection, right? But they always on the lift. They're always jittering, you know, they're always, you know, um um so attentive to what's going to happen, you know, never far from its borrow just in case something goes wrong, you know, from that little level of comfort or protection, but the protection is underground. So, how I tie these two is that he's it is never at rest, right? It is so attentive and so you know and I'm thinking in in the in the spiritual mind that meat would go is he bride is she seed you know did he did I share too much should I should I run from that guy uh should I um what should I share here or did it is you know within our spiritual uh uh application here we sometimes we have some meats that's just not at rest. It's not like Lord you lead. Hey Lord, speak through me. Lord, just have your way. Come sit here. Let's have a chat. You know, and that work it's a work situation. It's it's, you know, church as well. It's standing out there and someone comes and and walk the dog, you know. You you you you let him take over. Let you rest. Right. Now, we'll we'll get to how we rest. No. Okay. So, that is the animals in captivity. Now, here's the um the flip side. If if the mircat is in activity, it gets lazy, right? It doesn't it's not it's not it's I said here it's increased of goods in need of nothing, right? Nice little lazy fat one sitting there on the rock, not caring where's his burrow, not caring. I'm I'm getting fed. Um the the one on the left is actually uh taken in Tanaki. I remember um um it it it just becomes lax and doesn't worry about anything you know it becomes a pet becomes comfortable you know um eagle in captivity. Now the eagle in captivity is very hard to tame. So, you would see from that picture, just look at that talents, you know, um she's still got a a big thick leather uh strap and thing on there because just by landing it could just, you know, accidentally break her arm, you know, without really trying. Look at that beak, you know, look at the span, the wingspan. And and and it reminded me of um the story that Brother Brandon said about uh the eagle in the chicken coop. Now, now just imagine how scared the chickens are if that thing just in the morning just wakes up and shakes its feather and makes that little wingspan going out, you know, like all the chickens will be wo, you know, and just that big or or she that thing grabs with the talons some of the chicken feed or trying to feed itself, you know, it'll be so overwhelming for all these little chickens. They will always be scattered, you know. Yeah. So um from that aspect I think I can say I'm an eagle and I can say I saw on the wind. I fly higher. I have laser focus now that I have this rest in me and we'll get to where we go. Uh we how do we get there? I know where I'm heading. I can see far. I've got the eagle vision and I'm at rest. I will get fed. I'm a apex predator. I am above. Okay. So, you all still with me? Amen. All right. So, amen if you think you're an eagle. All right. Okay. So, I'm I'm in great company tonight. Great company. Okay. So, that was my first little segue and we will go back then now to our first scripture. Thus, the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them. And on the seventh day, God ended his work and which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he made. So this triggered something in me to go and look for. So what is what is this work? And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it. Man, it sounds so authorative and so so clear and and there's some closure because it addressed from all his work which God created and made. So from that the word work there and I've got that little reference there at the top just to show you um I I'll I'll play around with it a little bit and and and show you it the word actually means and and I've highlighted there craftsmanship right it is it is yes an occupation but there at the bottom I also said workmanship okay so it's something a little bit more than just me going to my work on a 8our day there's some there's some above and beyond here. There's some there's some uh Michelangelo here. You know, some people returned from Italy recently and just, you know, boasting about you saw with Michelangelo and um but you know that that's not that's not work that's a work of art, right? So, right at the bottom there, I showed the the the the origin is from the same as that H4397. So remember that. So H4399 is the word work which is the uh pronunciation is melac for notic yeah melacor and then here it just goes on the transliteration a deputy chip a ministry and I thought wow okay that ties in nicely with it's it's not just a work that god did that was his ministry right and I thought so when it relates to that thing um that um origin from that H4397 I went to look at what is 4397 4397 is Malik and that comes from angel or that is angel or messenger and see how ties that in the the King James version use that there in reference of a king and a messenger right and here it's as a as a deputy specifically of God and messenger so now you can see he's resting from his work is not just work. It's craftsmanship. It's a work of art. He would he left day six for a reason for day six for the last cuz I'm going to put my best in there and he was so laser focused to get something. And when he stood back from his ministry, when he stood back from him being king, him being the messenger coming and saying, "Let's make man in our image," he stepped back and said, "This is very good." Yeah. I I am happy. So, Michelangelo stepped back and he and he and he said, "Speak." You know, he was so so convinced this thing that he created was almost alive. he had to he had to punch it or he had to hit it with a hammer. So I thought, okay, there's there's a little bit more to to the the word work and and and and also how that ties to the word rest and why rest is so critical and so important in this. So if you would want to uh if you'd like to turn to your Bibles back to Genesis 2 and we'll just quickly go there to verse 4. And I'll read that. I'll read that with you. Um uh here. So Genesis 2:4. We all there? Yes. Okay. So we read from verse 1 to 3 and then verse 4 goes on. These are the generations of the heavens of the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens. Okay. Right. So then we go to verse five. And every plant of the field before it was on the earth and every herd of the field. Okay. So then it carries on with that. Then we go to verse six. And there was a mist from the earth and watered the whole face of the earth. Like hold on. Okay. Then we go to verse 8. And God planted a garden eastward of Eden. And now he just carries on. That's not work. That's after this breast. But then I go, okay, so day seven. So let's quickly jump back and I'll show you what I'm trying to get to. And God saw everything he made. Okay? And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. That was sort of his confirmation. That's where the day ends and the new one begins. Okay? So day seven never ended. Day seven never ends. The seventh day never ends. That means when he rested, his rest never ends. Right? So there's no start of a new or another day. There's no start of another day. There's no eighth day. The seventh message never ends. The seventh message and the seventh seal never ends. We are in rest. It is complete. We don't have to look for anything else. We have it all right here. This word is reached. And I'm telling you, I'm at Genesis 2. We haven't moved even into this whole revelation of the open book yet, which is amazing. Right? So, what is this rest of the believer? Right? So now we're thinking um the Lord is talking about the seventh day now in this in this building that we're sitting. Isn't it ironic? They believe the seventh day, the Sabbath day is a Saturday. So we think, okay, we believe it's a Sunday, but we have more. What is the rest? What is is it a day? Must it be a day? Is it a is it some sort of day? And I thought, is it any day? Maybe it is a Sunday. But what I wrote here is a s o n day. S o n day. Sunday means the day you saw the sun. The day you looked away to Jesus. The day you came unto him. Is that your Sunday? Is that your rest day? How do we get this rest right? What is resting for the believer? Matthew 11. Come unto me all ye are burdened and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn of me. I like that and only recently sort of saw that and it jumped at me. For I am weak and lowly at heart and ye shall find rest unto your souls. Right? So we can go into that little All Blacks uh locker room and we can prepare as much as we can and we go out on the field and we smash Tonga or Samoa or whoever, but we haven't rested because we are resting in our souls. Okay? So it's nothing that will that will satisfy and suffice here on earth. We will rest in our souls. And each one of you take the drop. So now I'm jumping a little bit ahead of myself. So I'm going to park there. Let's park there. Okay. How do I get this rest? Okay. Uh and in some cases when when a when a sales guy come to you and he sells this product and you are convinced and you're concerned and you want to buy it, you says where do I sign up? You know this is like where do I get this rest? Where do I sign up? And interestingly, what I wrote here is um a testimony of me and and and and Sister Lundy's first baptism. Our first baptism was in the titles. We we were convinced that we had to get baptized. So, we grew up through the Dutch reformed and they bring a little baby and then they sprinkle it on the head with some water and off you go. You are baptized, right? So, you weren't in an age of accountability or anything like that. Churches split by the way of the way they sprinkled. So some actually sprinkled one big water waterfall over the forehead. Others said no no no you have to do it by the father by the son by the way. And some churches split just over that. So it just shows you in in a manmade thing and a thing that is not thought out and a thing that is not in rest. The thing that is not in the word uh it'll break. It'll it'll it'll shatter. It won't stand. Right. So So the testament of my our first um baptism, it was this time it was this time of the year and it was inu beach. We went into the water. Now you know how cold that would be. We make a nice big event of it and people stand on the beach and after which we've got soup. It's the first time I ate soup, brother Arman was afterwards and it was pumpkin soup. Your favorite. And we got baptized and it was just all this nice event. We arranged at that time all that that date everyone can be there and be witness. Yes, you need to have witnesses. But if the Lord presses on your heart, you need to get baptized. You get now like the Ethiopian. What have you for example? He's like where there's water. What is what is hindering us? That is how we need to be. But then we did it in the in the titles and and and I don't know maybe 3 months passed and sister Lond comes to me and say nothing's changed. The Lord says and we and that's what the Lord loves. He we take him to his word back to his word and we say but you promised I'm a new creation. I'm not a bandage. I'm not a little the muya Zambach that you put on and you just get better. I'm a new creation. I'm a new vet. I'm a new wine scheme. Where is that? Why are we still in this old rut? Old routine. There's nothing. What? What? Where's the revelation? Right. The Lord probably giggled because he knew that was that was the start of it, right? And we went on this journey. And praise the Lord, we had this this wonderful guy called um Brother Pete and he was a tall tall fella. So we had uh we had a tall pit and we had a short pit and we had a tennis pit and we had a pilot pit. So we had a lot of pits. Now tall pit come and he gives us his revelation from the knowledge of the word. Why do we get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and even though he went through the the way of the letter of the Lord, the letter of the word and the knowledge of that he was convinced that is it. and he brought us as a thesis to us and say, "Yeah, go investigate." And there's all his quotes, all all his scriptures, how it ties. He took the um uh um Catholic um uh uh uh encyclopedia and he said in that time they changed that word from Matthew 28 from the word Jesus Christ to the name of the father and son. He did all that research and said there you go invest in investigate. don't take my word for it. And we go, "Wow, okay." And read through the Bible and now this these scriptures now start jumping at us, you know, and that's now bringing us to here. Brother Brandham says, "And each one of you take the drop of Acts 2:38 this morning in your heart and just take it from there and watch him begin to break the bread of life to you." How nice. you repent, be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and see if the Holy Ghost doesn't drop in. Keep dropping on this and keep dropping on that. Dropping here and dropping there and dropping there and there will be a filling of the Holy Ghost. Right? Amen. You don't have to do to go to seminaries. You don't have to be smart. Only thing you have to do is recognize you know nothing. Let God have a hold of you. You take care. He will take care of the rest of it. And right down at in the end of it, he will take care of the rest of it. Yes, sir. Okay. Now, with that in mind, I um I read the scriptures in John. So, John 20, I think it's one of our next scriptures. And because I was sort of in this mind and I had this thought probably a few months already ago. Um this jumped at me and it said don't be like Thomas. I say Thomas the disciple. Yes. Thomas the disciple. What did Thomas do? You say he's one of the disciples. Well I can say Judas was one of the disciples as well. So what did what did what did what did Thomas do? Yeah. John 20. The other disciples therefore said unto him, "We have seen the Lord." But he said unto them, "Except if I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of his nails, and thrust my hand into his side, I will not believe." And after 8 days again his disciples were with him, and Thomas with them. Then Jesus came or then came Jesus the doors being shut and stood in the midst and said peace be unto you. That is interesting that in the eighth day he then visited them and visited Thomas. Then saith he to Thomas reach hither thy finger and behold my hands and reach hither thy hand and thrust it into my side and be not faithless but believing. And Thomas answered and said unto him, my Lord and my God. Jesus saith unto him, Thomas, because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed. Blessed are you that have not seen and yet have believed. And we believe. We don't have to see the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ on the rock there in the garden of Gethsemane. We don't have to go to Gulfa and see there's a big empty space where maybe a a cross was there or the big open tomb was it because uh no we are convinced we believe we have faith and the reason why you've gathered here is because a you either got that peace already you've got that revelation and you have that rest and the other thing is um or you're finding it you're looking for it you are you are standing in the gap for someone for that uh and to to receive that revelation. That's why we're here and your testimony. What a powerful testimony from last week Sunday. Um, Sister Polling, um, me being through that situation, me being through the whole residency process and and and visas that will expire or that have expired twice and then going into residency and then um jumping um work and then have to restart and doing all that. It is impossible what happens with you. It is impossible. That's it. And I want to make a t-shirt. I claim this. It is not yours. I'm going to make money out of it. I'm going to say it's there's no way. And on the back, the Lord will say, "And that's my way." That's what happened here. Lord, it's impossible. The the the the the residency officer sitting there on the phone. It is impossible. I don't know. Call the minister. Call the MP. It is impossible. What is the evidence? Here we sit. We have the miracle, right? And through that, I would say a small little thing because that's here on earth, but we've got souls. We've got people that get healed. We've got people that's redeemed that coming and walk through back into this church. I'm like, amazing. Amen. And that's where we are. We don't have to be like Thomas. Don't be like Thomas. Don't be that little uh hat. [Applause] Okay. So, Thomas would um I'll just do a blank here. Thomas said he will only have rest when he had when he see the nail scarred hands and the spear woman Jesus's side. Jesus acknowledged that he now believes after he is seen. Right? So, how much more blessed will we be that believe and has not seen. So as we saw the empty cross and as we um see him raised up and see him live in us through us in you we have seen him healed and we have seen him redeem and what I wrote here and we see his grace forever more it will never stop. So now we've established that you are an eagle. Yes. Amen. Okay. You are either you either have rest or you are here because you are looking for it and you want to know how to receive it. Yes. And now you know. Right. So let's bring it all together. And this is interesting because this um the next slides, the two slides um came to me I think the second day when I was preparing this and it felt so out of place with my with my thought. Um but the more I read it and the more I prepared and the more I left it in here, I thought, "Oh yeah, but but that is it. That that that is the rest. The rest that you can't explain, I can't explain." So from my testimony for the last how many how many months 18 months um yes 2024 was a trial was a challenge was like you lord you pulling us where do we go where you know we have we have nothing and you're taking away what we where do we go 2025 came and a little bit of the same but then the Lord said but you've learned now through 2024 what are you how are you going to apply this and that's when I saw rest that's when I saw Wow. You know how how we pay the bills? Don't know. The Lord's got it in control. How am I going to get petrol to get to? Don't know. The Lord's got it in control. How are we going to The Lord's got it in control. Yeah, but the kids got, you know, pants. They need the school. And how about the groceries? They they eat like men, you know. Yep. Lord's got it in control. And not one day he's failed. You can go to my house. You can ask behind my back. You asked us in London. Like we would sit like the old couples there. And maybe you shouldn't ask this, but in bed we're sitting there like old couples. We love it. And we just chat. We just talk and uh and we go. We need help. Yep. Yeah. We need help. And the only thing we do is we we look away to Jesus. The only thing we do the only thing that helps. The only thing that's pulled us through everything from from our journey after that second baptism and when we came in by the way that second baptism we did it right. So there was a there was a a lady and I should have actually segueed into that from after our first baptism. Our second baptism when we did it correctly it was in it was a Friday evening. So we thought well you know we'll be the the holy rollers. will on a Friday night when everyone watches rugby, we'll have Bible study, right? And that Bible study was actually very edifying. It was really good for us. We we we we learned a lot through that. It was sometimes a debate and argue, you know, how people are and sort of um from a denominational thought and and including ourselves. But that night there was just a handful of people there. It was in the house and this tool bit his mom came and visited and his mom was like a straight shooter you know she she believed that word and she and Lundy and her she they are they are just having fellowship that's now first time where I see fellowship you know and that atmosphere comes down you know you feel it in the temperature you feel the tangible the thickness in the air and she goes what is stopping you now she asked London just nothing. And we run, we get into the hallway, we get the bath filled right to the brim, you know, now this body needs to get in there. So, it's like splash. And we get in there and it's like, okay, yeah, but remember now, we need to repent, be baptized. We're trying to follow this order because we've learned now from our first mistake, our first baptism. So, we want to do it according to the word. So, here's Acts 3:38. We get that book out and we and this is how we're going to do it. find a room and we go and I said, "Lord, sorry. Lord, forgive me. Lord, where have I been in this life and you've taken me from the muck and mire and all this darkness? Here's here's water, Lord." Like the Ethiopians said, "Get me. Let's let's let's do it now, Lord. And let me come out of that water changed. Let me be that new creation, Lord. that be the one that is hungering and thirsting for righteousness now. And we go in there and the wheels fell off, saints. The wheels fell off. The people that gathered for that Bible study scattered. We talking mats. The one has gone to Greek Orthodox Church. The other one has gone to the exclusive brethren. This this is all Christians. This is all in the same journey that we are here. We are believing the message of the hour. We are the we are the cults. We are the wayward one. You know, they still gather. They gather whenever they find the chance, they would gather and they would have a a little barbecue or a bri, but they won't invite us because we are the one that's cults, you know, we're the one that's wayward, you know. I go, well, praise the Lord. We had a little park pool club where we listened to the tapes of brother Brandham the the the life story that was uh preached by brother Jorgensson and that that hooked me. I came home bubbling and carpool disappeared. My car broke and the carpool left and everyone went different directions and different jobs and everything and that everything changed in front of our eyes. Now we look back we go that's a new creation right there. That's a change in her new white wine skin there. So I go, "Wow, praise the Lord." So then then I knew then I knew when I met the first time I met Brother Ben, probably not the the the best of conditions I saw him in, I think the Lord just felt of warmth. He said, "Yes, this is where I want you to be. Stick around. Stick around. Come find rest here cuz this is where you're going to find my yoke." So praise the Lord. There's a little testimony. So, in closing, in closing, and maybe maybe the musicians can come. But remember, in the stature that you are in this morning or this evening, if you weren't in his thinking, then you're not now. For you, there's some part that's in you that's eternal, saints. That's why you are sitting here. That's why you drove all the way here. That's why you came out of your little warm house to come into the cold here. That's why you are here. And in God was his thinking uh uh uh of you sitting where you are now. And his thinking I stood standing at the pullpit. Brother Brandon standing at the pullpit because he's infinite and he knows all things. Therefore, he could tell the end from the beginning because he's eternal. And you being a son of God or a daughter of God, then you were in his thinking at the beginning. And then when the Holy Spirit come and you're on earth walking around here as a sinner way down in your life there's something you don't know what's taking place but you're hungry. I heard the Presbyterian uh brother I heard the Baptist talking about back there he was a free will Baptist preaching he where he can my fellow brother that you there's something in you something that you never put in there. It's something that you couldn't desire to be in there. It's something that's contrary to your own nature. It's the fornowledge of God taking place. It's God's word. Repent and be baptized all of you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ for your remission of sin and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is your rest. The Holy Ghost is in you. You have rest. You do not have to run to and fro. We are now at the end of days. You just come to him. Lord, I don't know how. You know how. Lord, I don't know where to go. You know, wake me up in the morning, Lord. If it's 5:00, 7:00, 8:00, you know, I need to be there, Lord. Just follow him. Just enjoy his his presence in your house, you know, and the harmony and the peace that he will bring where the where the world would maybe look towards you and you go, you don't have a clue. You don't know where to go. The Lord knows and that's where we follow. That's where we go. So, thank you so much for that. Uh, I thank the Lord that he's placed that on my heart. Like I said, I did preach to myself tonight and it was just a revelation of who he is, what he's doing in my life. And trust me, I have rest. I have rest where I am, where I'm standing. Please pray for our pastor because every time I come up here, it's just incredibly nervous. And I've got always, you've seen me, I've always got a slide and a picture to draw your attention. A pastor that gets up here and doesn't have a slideshow. I go, "My, he needs to have such such verve, such real passion and a zeal to bring the word of the Lord that he doesn't need that. He he, you know, like I just pray that Lord bless him tfold, you know, in his family that he can do here, stand here day in and day out." So, please let's pray for our for our ministers. I'll just quickly um how we going to do this. Maybe I'll run through um while we pray, I'll I'll start doing the um the the the prayer requests. I'll go into prayer. I'll I'll switch off my microphone and then um and then uh we can we can pray. I see the prayer list feels to me like it's getting longer, but I'm thinking we're not getting sicker or further away or anything. We are seeing the evidence and we seeing the fruits of that prayer of the saints getting together here. Do not underell or undervalue yourself. You are a powerhouse sitting right here. And we come here by the authority of the Lord Jesus Christ and all our legs of fire coming together. The Lord, the Lord has to stay and has to be with his word. And if we repeat that to him. Oh my, oh my. Sorry, just getting the Yep.
