################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-14 - 140126 - Outside of Time - Bro Eduan Naude - Eduan Naude.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-14
Title:    140126 - Outside of Time - Bro Eduan Naude
Speaker:  Eduan Naude
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DmZbQlXRw8
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Good evening, Saints. Um, you just stay home. start with a prayer and ask him to bless us. Our Lord heavenly father, I thank you Lord for the time we have to come here to sing a few songs of worship and praise to you Lord and thank you for the everything you have done for us and to listen to your word Lord. Lord ask a blessing on the service, a blessing on the sermon, a blessing. And we'll just start with Goodbye World. I've got my mind. Sorry. Can discover it. I've got my mind beat up and I won't turn back. He going to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. Think I want to see my Jesus someday. Goodbye world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Born of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. B of the water, spirit, and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. Born, born, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born, born, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. Fire, fire, fire, fire fall on me. As of the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. As of the day of Pentecost, fire fall on me. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. I want to see my Jesus. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus name. Goodbye word. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye. Pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. Amen. So, could I have the piano a little louder in the speaker down here? I don't know where you've gone, Jen. Thanks. Thanks, man. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. Oh no. This joy that I had, the world didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it, so the world can't take it away. anything. This Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This Holy Ghost that I have, the world didn't give it to me. The world didn't give it, so the world can't take it away. Amen. Sing it. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This family that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This family that I have, the world didn't give it to me. This family the hand the world can give to me. The birthday gift of the world got taken away. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This love that I have, the world didn't give to me. This love that I have, the world didn't give to me. This love that I have, the world did give to me. The world did bring to the world take it away. sing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. This peace that I am. The world can give to me. This peace that I am. The world can give to me. Give to me. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hey, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I sought the Lord and he answered me from me from everything. Those who look on him are rad. Never be ashamed. Will never be ashamed. is full and cry and the blood and save me from my enemy. Magnify the Lord. Come ex forever. Oh, this is that the Lord is good. He might. Oh, fear the Lord. All of his saint. He g everything. He give you everything. mag together with me. God is holy forever. Ever his bless every day and night neverending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. ever ending Praise our sister. Bless the Lord every day. We are magnify the Lord. We together come forever. Magnify the Lord. I exalt his name together forever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Let the weak say I strong. Let the poor say I am rich. Let the blind say I can see. It's what the Lord has done to me. Hosanana to the lamb that was saved. Hosanana Jesus died and rose again into the river I sash away from the heavens mercy. What the savior love me to the lamb ever singanana Jesus. is and rose again. I will rise from glory into the saving house of God. I will sing Jesus Christ free. Hosanana to the ever. Hosanana is forever. Hosanana. Hosana. Jesus died. Hosana. Hosana. Hosanana to the lamb that was slain. Ohana Jesus died and rose again. Amen. Lord, we are gathered here, Lord, as a as a needy people, Lord, but also we do not under want to underell or undervalue, Lord, that you've chosen us and that you've put on our a crown on our head, Lord, to say we are bride. We are part of you, Lord, and and we will return to you, Lord. May we be here tonight in an atmosphere where you feel welcome, Lord, where you can lead, where you can take control, Lord, where you can fight the battle as the captain of the host, Lord. And you are not for us and not against us, Lord. You are the captain of the host. You are sovereign, Lord. You take over, Lord. Our thoughts are not your thoughts, Lord, and our ways are not your ways, Lord. May you just be with us now. Thank you so much for the atmosphere that our musicians create and our people at the back Lord, the technical, they not not not a lot of times they take credit, Lord. And please have something in store in your storehouse for them as well. For each one of uses, Lord, that's coming with a with a need and with a desire on our heart. May you speak with us, Lord. Speak through this vessel, Lord. May I just walk out of the way, Lord. May may I be like a a third person or a second person standing here Lord as just you behind this pullpit Lord. Um we bless your holy name. We love and appreciate you Lord. Bring the bring the nerves now down Lord so I can concentrate on what you want to say in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Good evening saints and welcome in the house of the Lord. Thank you so much musicians. Beautiful songs. Really enjoying it. Um I actually was thinking of making it part of my sermon just to throw up a little slide of where we started as musicians. You know, once I was actually seen as a musician and I was playing some sort of miscellaneous drum toy and um and look look we've where we've come now. I wanted to do a before and after. It's just amazing where we've come. And with that in mind, it it it it's not unrelated to my title. I I wanted to just say that the Lord will place you at the right time in the right place. You need to be humble and listen to him &gt;&gt; and take the opportunity if it's outside your comfort zone. Just go for it. Just go for it. Who Who said it that Nike ad? Just do it. Just do it. Don't Don't hold back. Okay, let's let's read. Um thank you, Juel. you can put up that um first slide. Oh uh brother fish, where's the &gt;&gt; Oh, awesome. Thank you. Okay, let's read from Genesis 1 verse one. Let's mute that. And then we'll read from um Exodus 3. So it's just the the next uh next book so it makes it easy. Uh Exodus 3. So Genesis 1 vers1 in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth. And the earth was was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. And God said, "Let there be light." And there was light. And then Exodus, Exodus 3 verse 13- 15, by the help of the Lord, they will guide me to tie this two together. Whatever I'm going to say tonight, whatever I'm going to display, whatever is coming over these lips, think of God. Think God. Think not not anything else. There's a lot of science and physics and stuff maybe I will throw around here. Brother Isaac, I don't know. This type of sermons is it's your sermons right up your alley. I don't know why the Lord opened this door, but okay, here I am. Exodus 3. And Moses said unto God, "Behold, when I come unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, the God of your fathers has sent me unto you, and they shall say to me, what is his name? What shall I say unto them?" And God said unto Moses, I am that I am. And he said, "Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I am hath sent me unto you." And then verse verse 15. And God said moreover unto Moses, thou shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, the Lord God your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob has sent me unto you. This is my name forever, and this is my memorial unto all generations. Amen. You may have your seats. God bless the reading of his word. and let's kick this off. Hopefully I won't be too long. Um, so yeah, if you if you would just stay with me. So here's my here's my title for the for this evening is outside of time. Now brother Ed, why do you have a picture there of Moses in the burning bush saying outside of time? Well, it is funny. This morning's reading that Brother Ben put up was to do with the I am and the present tense. And I go, "Wow, it's this is the I am speaking here to Moses." And it made me wonder sort of maybe made you wonder the bush. Why didn't it get consumed? Now my angle tonight is that if it burned out it will be tied to duration. So stay with me. Duration or time which would have an end. But because the I am was in the bush it would have just burned forever. Now think now of thus us and you believers that same fire or that burning inside of you. the great I am living inside of you. So keep that in mind in terms of time, in terms of space, in terms of matter. I started asking myself, I started thinking about this finite thought um people saying my God is this big or my that that song, how's that song go? My god is so big, so strong and so and it made me wonder God is outside of space and matter. So, how big is he really? This is the one for the kids now. So, here who could tell me what do you think is that? Hey, &gt;&gt; the sun. So, the big main object there is the sun. Now, I probably can't point there, but you you live in the third dot from the left. So you've got Jupiter down here which is the the main or the second largest object there. So basically just just left of that is Earth. So you can't really see it. That is the aim of this exercise. Right. Okay. And then the next the next image that is just a bunch of stars and they are all bigger than our sun. You might see the sun there. There's a white speck on the bottom right. But all this all this is just still sizes right? It it it it relates to some some matter. It relates to uh it takes up this this amount of space. And if I say my God is this big that means I'm still putting a limitation on God. It means that whether he's 10,000 galaxies big, I'm still putting him in a box, so to speak. Even though I couldn't see that boxes, it's just that big. But there will be a time where he can't be 11,000 galaxies. And that's the same as time. So if we say God is finite or God lives within time, we put a limitation on God as well. So we will have a beginning which will mean he will have an end. That will mean we will have an end. And to some degree yes that is maybe true. But let's move on. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. So let's stay there just uh for a second. Now this is where my thought is is not his thoughts. My thought I wanted to go into the pattern of how big God is. I like to be big. I like to you know I used to jump or whatever whatever. And you you you want to you know show show off uh and I wanted to show how how do we boast with God? How big is God? And then he took a little bit of a turn. He said well okay I've created everything as in the beginning. I created time, space and matter. So all of a sudden I went down this avenue of time. God exists independently of time because he is the creator of time. Simple concept not not not simple to to understand of course because we live within time. time our flesh time began with the creation of the universe that uh which God brought into existence out of nothing and this is what Genesis 1:1 states in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth so that marks the initiation of time as a dimension with within created order all big words sorry about that Psalm 90:2 declares before the mountains were brought forth or ever thou hast formed the earth and the world even from everlasting to everlasting. Thou art God. Now this verse affirms that God's existence stretches infinitely before and beyond creation independent from times constraints. I've got a time constraint here. There's a countdown thing going off here. So I am limited to we need to go to bed tonight somewhere eventually, you know. So we need to move on. He's outside of that time as understood by us humans is a consequence and this is nice is a consequence of moments marked by change. God being immutable or God being unchanging transcends uh transcends time because he's not subject to change. Malachi 3:6 proclaims for I am the Lord I change not. God's simult God's timeliness means that he perceives all moments of history simultaneously. So try and get your head around that. I I'm I'm not there yet. So um I want to color this this little picture. And so while I while I've got it there, Brother Brandon was saying I want to draw a small little picture to you talking now. Let's all take a little trip. If you want to stare at the at the at the picture, you want to close your eyes or whatever, just try and get there with God. While his prophet is explaining this, let's go get on a little ship, a little spaceship. Let's go back a 100 million years before there was a world, before there even was a star or anything. And there you can see nothing but space. And all that space was God. in the beginning was God. And we'll see coming into existing a little white light. We'll call that a like a halo and that was the son of God, the logos, the word that went out of God in the beginning. And then that how uh that he was standing there and he think in his mind I begin to think what the world would be. And he drew all this picture in his mind and he said, let there be light. and an atom split and begin to break forward and an atom went off. The first atomic explosion. Big bang theory maybe. And then some atoms begin to accumulate until it was in cinders or as the moisture begin to break and the atoms split and after a while become a star or a piece like a missile that flew off and went sailing through the air. He watched it maybe for few million years and then stopped it. He had no hurry. He had plenty of time um forever. He was from the beginning to the end. There was no time with him. And then another one flies off and he stops at this way. What was he doing? He was writing his first Bible. The first Bible was ever written was written in the skies in the zodiac. That starts off with a virgin. That's how we come first. And it ends with Leo the lion, the second coming. the one we waiting for right now again and he's writing his first Bible. The second Bible was written was written by Enoch and put in the pyramid. The third Bible was written the one last one and this is the one that we use today. This is our reference. Now in the same vein God that's outside of time. So which led me thought of God not staring at a clock. Now why I'm saying that not staring at a clock to wait for a certain second or certain hour hand or anything to move to see a task accomplished by someone like you towards you. We are from God and we are going back to God. Now he's attentive then on us and towards us. He's attentive towards you. Where are you right now? He's watching you stepping into place, standing in a righteous spot that he for ordained before heaven and earth ever created. He put in motion this gathering of saints. So he's not looking at a watch or a clock or time that he created. He's watching and waiting for us to move into a certain step. That's why I refer to this band when I started here 2013 or whenever it was. Um, that was me then. Now all of a sudden we have this this most awesome headache that brother Isaac has got to choose musicians for certain evenings to play and all that. So we're in a in an absolute goodstead because back then didn't have any option. And here I'm sitting I'm seeing that time has gone by but these musicians or these they were also 7 9 11 years old and they moved into they stepped into a position when I was here uh we were trying to get the streaming going and all that. Brother Matt Matt stepped in and he opened his laptop and started doing these matrix little things. You just see zeros and numbers and ones everywhere going and he made our streaming work and got a camera and everything and he streamlined it and got nice processes in. That was a someone that's stepping into something that was that was needed that was there was a burden and someone listened and someone heeded to that call. Now, yeah. And I'll stop. I'll pause here. Sorry. Now, I've got a testimony. It's not a testimony. It's actually just what happened. And I thought the the conversation we had afterwards. We were up and visiting the the Stu family in um in Funere. And uh we were finding or trying to find a spot where we can just have a little fish and chips and next to the uh the port or the see the boats and the ships and the and um there's this lady coming I think it was what was it town called Opua or something just close to um Pa and um there's this lady with his baggage and bags and I don't know how many things and she's trying to to to take this now to one of the one of the the boat ramps and um we've got all the boys there and we just oh just take some of the boys and let them carry this. Oh no no no we can't do that. I said no take them. And they they go off and they found some sort of it's all numbered alphabetically. They you know ABC was looking for I or J or something. I said okay take the boys. And we we didn't have time so we weren't in a hurry. We were just waiting there. I could have more fish and chips than them maybe. But um and they off off they went and they helped them and she was just so grateful for that. And afterwards the conversation I had with the with the with the boys was don't undervalue small little things that you do. Don't under value the the step that you take or the gesture that gesture that you give to your colleague or maybe a school buddy. Um something greater will be put in motion. So don't be far from that still small voice say just do it man. Um there's a there's a bigger blessing or something bigger that will come out from that. If you have one example look at that small pebble that made a giant fall. Same size pebble thrown in the air and then initiated an earthquake. There's a small motion of a small little thing of obedience but there's a greater effect. And this could be for the kingdom of God. This could be to glorify his name. Right? Okay, let's use get some examples here from from the word Joshua. And it came to pass as they fled from uh as they fled from before Israel and were in the going down of Bethor that the that the Lord cast down great stones from heaven upon them uh unto Ezek and they died. And they were more which died with hailstones than them whom the children of Israel slew with a sword. Then spake Joshua to the Lord in the day when the Lord delivered up the Amorites before the children of Israel. And he said unto them, he said in the sight of Israel, son, stand thou still upon Gibian, and now moon in the valley of Ajalon. Now, just thinking of that and trying I'm trying to dramatize it or usually I do this little play in my head and I'm placing me myself there, you know, like Josh Joshua and Caleb or Joshua with the captain of the host. Now he's busy fighting and he's asking his soldiers, "Boys, we're winning. I can see we we're on the front foot. What do we need? Do we need more weapons? Do we need what do we what do we need to and and and the soldiers maybe in one accord I don't know they go we just need time we just need time can we just win some time now place yourself now he's standing and he's saying that in the midst of Israel so in the sight of Israel sun stand still and moon in the valley of Agelon what would have gone through the soldiers heads while they chopping you Amorites or whoever they were fighting at that point. What what what would the thought have been? Like did he really just say that? But I feel there's there's a little bit more to this because this is now a a son of God. He is a saint. He's surrendered. He's seeing the victory. This is physical. Remember, we are looking at God. So, we're looking spiritually to our victories. We've won. And we looked back and said, "Lord, but you've never failed from 2011, 2012, 2013. Here I stand. Here I am. What am I doing here? Without you, I would not have been here." &gt;&gt; So with that authority is saying, "Okay, let's go back to what I said in the beginning. That fire that's within you." So if it's a if it's a ever consuming fire, if it's always burning, it'll never run out. You're going back to God. It means you are forever. It means you are eternal. And he is speaking that from that authority is saying but if I am beyond this veil if I am beyond this time I can say this because I'm a righteous son of God and what the Bible says and the sun stood still and the moon stayed until the people had avenged themselves upon their en enemies. Is it not written in the book of Jasher? So the sun stood still in the midst of heaven and hasted not to go down about a whole day. And you can go ask the science scientists and they start going back. They go, "Well, something happened somewhere cuz we've got a glitch in the system." So-called glitch. So that was um I just find that fascinating that Joshua didn't limit what he asked God and Joshua had the liberty and freedom to say I mean we we are saying the Bible is saying if you want to move this mountain you can &gt;&gt; right and here he goes well okay I'll go one step further if I can move this mountain why can I not make the sun stand still and in this time of darkness maybe we should make the sun stand still, forget about time. And the Lord appeared unto him in the plains of memory. And he sat in the tent of the heat of the day, and lift up his eyes, and looked, and lo, three men stood by him. And when he saw them, he ran to them from the tent door and bowed himself to out to the ground and said, "And this is all familiar that we know. My Lord, if thou have found favor in thy sight, pass not away, I pray thee, from thy servant. Let a little water, I pray you, be fetched, and wash your feet and rest yourselves under the tree." Was so nice. Back in the day, we would have had time. There was no rush. There was no, it could have been a hard time for for Abraham back then because it um it was in the heat of the day, so to say. And I will fetch a morsel of bread and comfort you your hearts. After that ye shall pass on, for therefore if uh are ye come to your servant, and they said, So do as thou hast said. And Abraham hastened into the tent unto Sarah and said, "Make ready," there's I can point to her name is now already Sarah and not Sari. Um, make ready quickly three measures of the fine meal needed and make cakes upon the earth. And Abraham ran into the herd and fetched a calf tender and good and gave it to a young lad and he hasted to dress it. Now hold on. So here comes someone. How long does it take to dress a cow? Who's who can tell me that? &gt;&gt; It's it's not a quick uh quick thing. We can maybe do the bread in a in a few moments in the in the oven or on the fireplace, do some uh do some briberikis. That's easy. But to go and fetch a live cow livestock and then dress that, that takes time. And here the Lord was sitting down and he had time. So we know what happens after this fact. We know sort of why did he come here? Yes, he came. He sat with Abraham. This he he he he he showed his servantthood. He showed his humbleness. He washed their feets their feet. But he knew that after that, you know, Lot was still a bit of an issue at that at this time. And then he would be become father of nations after this. And all that was outside of time. All this Sarah was laughing in the tent. So, how how how can I be how can I bring pleasure to my to my uh husband and I'm 99 years old or 90 years old? Um, time is not is no more for the Lord. Time, he's waiting for that. He's waiting for faith to brew. He's waiting for something to click into action. He's looking at you. He's not looking at the time piece. You are maybe his time piece, if I can say that reverently. John, these things said he uh and after that he said unto them, our friend Lazarus sleepeth. Now Jesus talking to his disciples, but I go. So I just want to accentuate that I go that I may awake him from the sleep. So again there's a motion, there's a obedience that he's seeing Jesus of Nazareth and he's seeing I need to go. So now his disciples are going, "Oh, if he sleeps, he shall do well." Now Jesus need to explain himself. How be it Jesus spake of his death? But they thought that he'd spoken just he's having a rest and sleep. Then he just told them plainly, "Lads, yes, Lazarus is actually dead. So that's why I need to go. But because of this, I am glad for your sake that I was not there to the intent ye may believe. Nevertheless, let us go unto him. So, I think the Lord waited for that fourth day. I think the Lord said, I will I can restore all things. And again, time is no time is not a limitation for me. I'm sitting outside of this and I will I will show you. And with that, I will show you what I will leave behind with you when he when he left this earth. Now, here's a little bit of a turning point. Um, we listen to the to the um New Year's uh Eve testimonies and songs. We've been going through them and and and Sister Shannon, you said in your testimony that in I think it was the White River rafting, he said he remembered. And it was just so beautiful. It just hit me that the Lord is mindful. He's the master of perfect planning. Hope that's not my device. The Lord is so mindful. And that's one thing that we can probably say is that beyond time and beyond space or wherever, the Lord is mindful. So he will always keep in remembrance. He will always hear your heart. He will always see that prayer. So I want to give a little bit of a context here. So this is the seven peaks. Um they call it also the the Brandon peaks. Now leading up to this point, brother Brandham had a bit of a sort of a a rough time with with the businessmen and the ministers and he said, "Oh, he just want to go and leave it all again." He had that dream of his brother-in-law being a bum and and all that thing. So he was quite, you know, um, I guess unsettled and he's now driving back, I think, from Canada. And now here is what it said. Now, this is brother Brham. He says, "Because uh, this is the Lord speaking to brother Brandon. Because thou chosen the narrow path, the harder way, thou was walked in your own choosing." Now color in that picture while you're looking at and while you're listening. Color in that picture. Make yourself stand there next to him. Now I can see that Moses had to make a choice too. See thou has picked the precise and correct way, correct decision and it is my way underlined my way. The Holy Spirit speaking back because of this momentous decision, a huge portion of heaven awaits you. See now what a glorious decision. What a glorious decision thou has made. this in itself that which will make and come to pass the tremendous victory in the love divine. Now here as well there was a interpretation of a prophecy that went forth and the the person that spoke in tongues was actually speaking fluently in French. That was that little Baptist boy. Now the verb be before the adverb so love divine that's in French. Now the UN interpret interpret that and that the boy knows not one word never heard never heard such a thing as speaking in tongues. He was a Baptist just happened to drop in there heard that music and said come up there and stand by uh stand up there and listen to me preach or at me preach now in the love divine divine love. How can that be divine love if it isn't the Holy Spirit? The Holy Spirit is divine love. Now, as Billy and I started to go down the road, now here they traveling, starting going um on the road, Billy went to sleep again, and it said it said the L, the angel of the Lord, I'll give you an everlasting sign. And I said, Lord, Lord, what? And he waited a little bit and nothing happened. And I said, "What is the everlasting sign, Lord?" And I waited a few minutes. And just then I looked over to see Billy. He was still asleep. And he said, "I'll give you an everlasting sign again." And he said, "Look westward from where you at." And I turned my head like this in the truck and to look and slow down, you know. And oh my, the spirit of the Lord, it felt like I could scream and cry and looked and I was saw a mountain with white caps on it. Now he's feeling that presence in that atmosphere. He's still not seeing what we're seeing and what we think he should see. I don't know. I see no everlasting sign about this. He said, "Your name is written wrote all over it." I thought what is that? I got real weak and start stopping. So now he's he's pulling over just, you know, he's getting weak because of that of that atmosphere of the Lord of the angel of the Lord. Now it was quite nice cuz brother Mess was talking about look and live. Now here he's looking but he's not seeing. So he's trying to see. He's trying to look. What am I looking at? We're just looking at it wrongly. you know, we just just misinterpreted the the what what the Lord's trying to say now with the car stopping. Billy raised up and he said, "What's the matter with you?" And I I pulled my hands in like this, perspirating, dropping off my hand and it's snowing. I said, "Billy, something's happening. At one time, I know where I've gone wrong or done wrong. I know that I failed God." This is now Brother Brandham's talking. And it looked like, now I think this is a vision. I could hear that song being sung and see thousands of mixed people, lame, whole, blind, withered. Heard a choir, a voice of some great renowned voice singing, "Unclean, unclean, the evil spirits drove him." Then Jesus came and set the captives free. I could see the sick lines laying lying everywhere and I had to stop. Billy didn't know what was going to take place. And I looked up. I saw and I looked up on the mountain and I seen those seven hills. Now here, if you want to see something, there's seven peaks on top of a mountain. One mountain that run for several miles. And the last mountain before you go into the other country, no more mountains after that. And it was running from east to west. The mountain set in was snowcapped on top. And the first two small caps or peaks and then a large large peak and then another small peak and then a larger peak and then a small peak great large long snowcap mountain. And I said Lord I do not understand what this means. He said how many peaks are there? And I said there's seven. And how many letters in your name? And he spells his name first name his middle name. It's all seven. And there was three outstanding pigs. So a peaks just I assume in front of it. Those three peaks are the first, second and third pool. The first was from the first part of your ministry, a small hill and then your first pool pretty high, you know, sign in the hand. And then there was a little interval in there, the time that I was sp taken off from being too tired. Many of you remember that. And then that came the discernment, the second pool. Now I've had another about a few years there. Here just kind of little peaks. See uh back like my ministry wasn't yet. And then come to the third one. See three is number of completion. See the third one. The peak was five number of grace. And the next peak was seven. A number of completion or perfection. The end. Six days you shall labor. The seventh is the Sabbath. The end of the week. The end time. See. And I stopped and I showed it to Billy and looked at them. He said, "Now let that stand. If there's ever a doubt in your mind, remember this place and come back here." Now, I want to say with that, remember this place. Remember your date. Remember your baptism. Remember that still small voice. Remember when you received the interpretation of the of speaking in tongues and it's it was for you. Remember that place that you can come back to that. Um, if I may, I'll call the musicians up and then I'll I'll I'll end with this. Now, outside of space, time, and matter. Now, this was my original thought. Attaching to someone that is outside of all these things that won't die, that won't move away, that will not change. That's where I have my comfort and security. It does not take IQ to know God. It takes the I am himself to bring revelation. And remember, his ways are not our ways. His thoughts are not our thoughts. And his time is not our time. Second to last slide. No matter what the bra brom tabernacle, no matter what the shikina tabernacle ever turns to be, don't you let it be you. You be a servant to Christ. No matter what the church world does, you be a servant to Christ. It's not up to the brand tabernacle. Neither is it up to any other church. It's up to you as an individual to be ready at the coming of the Lord. You must be ready. I must be ready. I'll sweep my own steps. It's up to you to sweep your steps. Leave mine alone. Me leave yours alone. You've got to make your garment ready. And I just thought to lay it on my heart to add this um this final slide in remembrance of our one of our later or more recent um promises that we received. I have spoken unto you this night. Do not fear. Believe my word. Have faith and believe. Nowhere there the Lord is mentioning time. If you knew what lay beyond the veil, you would rejoice in the fire as I would see uh what it delivers you from and you would volunteer for it. Rest in the trial. Don't fear. Fear bring uh fear gives power to the enemy, but faith brings deliverance. Amen. I want to encourage you with those words that uh this this is thus sayeth the Lord. This is what it's come and I believe it. I believe it. It's for me, for my household. Um we've got this on our on our bedroom wall. Um and we are we are looking beyond time. We're looking just towards him. Just look at God. Don't worry about what's going on around you. There's a lot of things and and and I can say that 2026 is is a year where something big will come. We always maybe say that, but I believe it. Something's going to change. Something's got to change. We're going up. So, take that step. Listen to that still small voice. Just do it. Amen. Amen. Okay. Let's uh let's sing that song that I wanted to sing. Would that be good? Thank you. And then I'll call up brother Ben. Oh, I know the time is near where everything that I hold dear will lay before the holy consuming fire. All my works and all my deeds, every present on my knees, lay before me to make fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through. Oh, I know the time is near. Everything that I hold dear will lay before the whole consuming fire. Words of knowledge in his name. Healing has touched the lane. Lay before to make fire. All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is him in me. All I want to see is Jesus shine to me and here and here and say All I want to see is Jesus. All I want to see is me. All I want to see is Jesus shine through me. Amen. Aren't you glad God sees outside? He lives outside of time. What is time to him? He sees the end. He doesn't see the now. He sees the end. That's why the Lord Jesus, he had a joy set before him, which is what was going to end up in eternity, us redeemed around the throne. Praise the Lord. So, I think we should just take hold of God's eternal promises and let God live and don't worry. Just worry never delivered anyone, but faith brings deliverance. Amen. So, praise go. Praise the Lord. Thank you, brother Ed. really appreciate that. Yeah, I was thinking about those, you know, those peaks. If you go Google Maps, they're actually called Brandon Peaks on Google Maps. I don't know how they got named that, but they got named that. You think about ecological, I mean, geological time. God had that before those, you know, those peaks, everything there. When, I don't know, but it was already there waiting for the prophet to drive by that way and the state he was in feeling down and worried, all those things. But God said, "No, I've given you an everlasting sign." Amen. There's more than what you're going through that matters. Look, look to the end. Amen. We must do the same. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can all have your seats uh tonight. Just going to go through the prayer requests and if there's any others then please um Amen. So scrolling here brother sisters. So uh sister tab asked prayer. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working. No matter what I see, no matter what I feel, no matter what I hear, I believe, no matter what I'm told, no matter how it seems, no matter what it costs, I believe. And if I look and it seems like it's broken, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar. And if I look and it seems like it's over, I'll lay a hallelujah on the altar because he's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. A miracle working, death defeating, promiseke keeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. A miracle working, death defeating, promisekeeping God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. He's a miracle. He's a miracle. He's a miracle working God. Got a miracle working.
