################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-11 - 110126 - No Other Gods - Bro Ben Gloyne - Ben Gloyne.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-11
Title:    110126 - No Other Gods - Bro Ben Gloyne
Speaker:  Ben Gloyne
Church:   Shekinah Tabernacle
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cD59AWlgqCc
========================================

Description:
Shekinah Tabernacle Wellington
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Heat. Good morning. Welcome to the house of God this morning. Good morning, brother I can walk. Look at this. Last week when I took my um I came without my moon and I could walk around a bit. I wanted to sing the song um name above all names because in the verse it says um you know the the deaf will hear. Then it says the lame will walk. And I think um Sister Stephanie started playing it after the service that we ended up playing it. And the first song I'm going to do this morning, which I didn't actually think about, it's a song called Jubilee. And I believe the chorus says that when I heard the Jubilee, I walked free. So I'm going to walk free this morning. You know, it doesn't matter what doesn't matter what is upon us. If the word of God, if there's something in our life that's that we've been given something better according to the word of God, then we can walk into that, you know, like any promise of God that that is if we don't have it, we we are given authority to walk into that and to possess it. So yeah, if you if I want to encourage you all today and and in your life, if there's there's any don't don't be afraid to take God at his word and to step into any promise of God that you believe is for your life and for you and and don't let any complex hold you back or anything. There's a often thought about a sermon I wouldn't mind preaching one day and it's called don't take it to the grave because when you get when you're young you you you look at older people when you're a little young fell and you think oh they've got it all together then you get older and you realize actually we don't have it all together and and and it's a scary thought when you see people that are young and you see them old and you see them the same if same sort of complex or something and then you start to realize okay that will be my lot unless I if I if I don't deal with something in my life it's It's not just going to go away. Like if it's a complex or something wrong or something I'm not possessing, it's not just going to somehow miraculously not be there. It's going to be there unless it's not there, unless it's gone. You know, and the reality dawned on me one day. I thought there's things I don't want to walk this whole walk and then take something to the grave. I know it's not. We're not talking about my my where I end up on the other side. I'll still end up there, but I don't just want to I don't want to have something in my life that I in my life that I take to the grave. And it was a powerful thought that I thought in myself. I thought, I'm not taking this thing to the grave. So, I started looking at my own life and looking at complexes and things that might hold me back. And I thought, I'm not taking one of them to the grave. They're not they they they're going to go to the grave now. And I'm going to live without it in my life. I'm not taking it to the grave. All I want to take to the grave with me are good things. I just want to be lay on my deathbed and have good thoughts and good things and not think, oh, I wish I had have gotten rid of this, wish I had done that. I lay on my deathbed and be happy. Say, I lived a full life. Like Paul said, I finished my course. I kept the faith. I want to be happy. I don't I'm not having any regrets on the at the end. Let's stand this morning and just commit the service to the Lord. Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, that in you all your promises are yan. Amen. Lord, that you came to set the captives free. Lord, the lame that they could walk, the blind, they could see, the lost, they'll be found. Lord, the sinner, they be made whole, the the sick are healed. Lord, the broken are restored, the families. Lord, we just thank you that we come to the almighty God this morning. the God of restoration, the God of hope, the God of peace, the God of life, Lord, the God of good things. So, we just pray you'll bless our service this morning, Lord. May faith rise in our midst, Lord, as we push back what just all are always lies of the enemy that would hinder us in some way. And we can we can sometimes take those lies and let them latch into our life and then it affects how we live. It affects our actions. It affects what we do. But Lord, we thank you that we can be free this morning, Lord. And we can let your spirit and your word come deep down into our heart, Lord, and and search us and try us, Lord. As David said, see if there be some wicked way in me, Lord. And if there's just the enemy loitering around in our in any part of our life, we want that to be exposed so we can we can walk, Lord, we can replace his lie with your word, with your truth, Lord, and walk in that, Lord. So, I would just pray a blessing upon each mind this morning, a blessing upon each heart, a blessing upon each spirit, Lord. May the Holy Ghost come and move in each each life and each heart here this morning. Bless brother Ben as he ministers your word, Lord. Lord, we're just expecting a great outpouring of the Holy Ghost this morning, Lord, as we come gathered in your name. And you said we're two or three together in your name. There you are in the midst, Lord. So, we just want to commit this um service to your hands in Jesus wonderful name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give us a count, bro. Years and years I labored. Toil and tears were my me since my dad has took me prisoner. Sold me to slavery. But every day that I toil, the jubilee was drawing closer. The 49th year was the longest year. And then I heard the trumpet sound. And when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. I walk free. Oh yes, I walk free. When I heard the jubilee, I walk free and I going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. Years are spent in confusion. I had eyes but couldn't see. The enemy had me stumbling in darkness, spiritual slavery. But then I heard the prophet speaking. I heard the voice behind the board. He opened up the word and let the light shine in. said, "You can all go free." Oh, when I heard the jubilee, I walk free. Oh yes, I walk free. I walk free. When I heard the jubilee, I walk free. And I going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. But Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And he whom the son sets free. He is free. It Jesus has set me. Jesus has set me free. Jesus has set me free. And he whom the son sets free, he is free indeed. When I heard the truth, I walk free. Oh yes, I walk free. I walk free. When I heard that you believe I walk free and I go back to slavery because Jesus has set me free. When I heard when I heard that you are free. Oh yes I free. I want free. When I heard you believe I was free and I ain't going back to slavery because Jesus has set me free because Jesus has set me free. Amen. When I'm in need, call on the Lord and he heals me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful and true. Won't forget his own. My companion, my best, the only true God. There's no one greater. Wonderful savior. Jesus the lion of Judah. How God how God is the man. His strength never fail. Go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is a mighty. He says he is angry to guide me. There is no song too powerful. Our God cannot handle how God in simplicity will be. You me came down from his glory gave us the greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah is the great forome as he owns. Fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Your victory will come the way that you think it should. But my great Jehovah just loves a paradox to stay in your position. Watch the miraculous come into action. How God is the man. His strength never fail. He'll go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is a mighty. He sends his angel to guide me. There is no powerful act that God cannot handle. How God in simplicity reveal you and me came down from the glory and gave us the victory. Greatest love story. When you're in trouble, Jehovah is with great son as he only fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. You can't the way that you think it should. My great Jehovah just loves the paradox. Stay in your position and watch the miraculous come into action. Our God, our God is your strength never fail. You go through the fire just to save a sinner. Yes, he is a mighty his to guide me. There is no something powerful that God cannot handle. That God in simplicity revealed to you and me. Came down from his glory and gave us the greatest love story. Came down from his glory. came down from his glory and gave us the ring. It's the greatest love story. For anyone who's ever seen a mountain of their sins, justice is here. For anyone who's ever felt the hand of heaven reach down through this and try any life that once was empty now finds itself alive and full of song victory song. Then you'll understand the reason for the way the saints of God may carry on. When I shout, when I shout, no, I'm shout from a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, know I'm running from a past that's been redeemed to the world my praise. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. For anyone who knows the hope, he keeps us moving on through pain. for anyone who knows they have a future and a hope beyond the grave. Every life's a different story. Every life's a different story. How he brought us out of darkness into light. No, there's no way to keep us silent. Every breath of a chance to testify. When I shout, I'll shout from a heart that's been clean. When I run, I'll run from a cross to the word of m. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. When I shout, oh when I shout, no I'm shouting from a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, know I'm running from a box that's been redeemed to the world might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're in that moment. Jesus gets old of you. My heart raised. My heart raised my name. Let's testify. Let's testify. Oh my. My name teaching. Let's testify. My race. Oh yes. My race my sh my race my race my sh when I when I was when I know I'm not my heart to the world. There's just no telling what you're going to do. In that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. When I shout, when I shout, I'm sh from a heart that's been washed clean. When I run, now I'm running from a past that's been redeemed to the world. It might look crazy. There's just no telling what you're going to do. Oh, in that moment, Jesus gets a hold of you. And you can take your seats this morning. We have a testimony from um Sister Marian. if you could come up and if we could get her a microphone. God bless everyone. Um I'm really excited to share this testimony to all of you. Um um last month um we're we're a bit struggling with John's um job um because the um he's working as a soul trader nowadays and he's working with some of the roofing companies and the the machine that he's using is not on his own. So the one that the machines that he's using is taken away from him because there's no if there's no job with that company um he needs to return the machine and we tried to to to do something to have his own machine. We tried to have a um bank loan with on his name under his name but um he got declined. So we tried again to get an application under my name but I also got declined because they said I'm only casual at work. So um we feel frustrated, we feel stressed and I told m to him um just keep on praying. Maybe the Lord has his own way. And then new year came. We're still still praying that maybe God, he has his own way. And then last week um we got a call from one of um my son's friend and he said that his auntie wants to get his roof fixed. So we go there and he got the quotation and all and then he got the deal and then um um from last week as well um he got the partial payment for it. So he got the sort of money and then yesterday he also got another job with the with on his own and and we think that it's also um enough to buy his own machine. Not just one but two machines that he needs for his job. And I'm really really grateful to the Lord that he declined the bank loan that we tried to apply because this is on his way that oh you don't have to work to pay every week or monthly for the loan. I will give you the money that you need for his job. And that's I'm ve very very grateful to the Lord. And yeah, so he got his um he's able now to get his own machine. He don't have to worry to to borrow from another company. And that's all. Thank you so much. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. We just trust in the Lord. He always undertakes. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's um let's stand this morning. Let's worship the Lord. Some say I call on my imaginary friend. When I call upon you, Jesus, some call me weak because I say that I'm not strong. And all my strength comes from Jesus. But Jesus, I I won't be ashamed. Take you by the hand. to take you by the hand. No, I I won't be ashamed to take you by the hand. To take you by the hand. Lead me. You're much higher. Lead me. You're much wiser. Lead me. Wherever you'll take me, I'll go through the fire. I'll go through the valley. I know you know my way back home. We've all had days when life has brought us to our knees. But there will praise you Jesus. Though we can't see your face is telling us you're here. That's why we praise you Jesus. Jesus I I won't be ashamed. Take you by the hand. Take me by the hand. Oh no. I won't be ashamed. Take you by the hand. Take you by the hand. Lead me. You're much higher. Lead me. You're much wiser. Lead me. Where you take me, I will fire. I know you know my way back home. When the earth shake and roll and the ocean cross their mouth and all around there's nothing left. When the stars fall from the sky and the mountain away, you're lost and still you're where you take me. Power to I know you know my way lead me you're much higher leading you're much wiser lead me wherever you'll take me I'll Oh, through the fire I'll go. Through the valley I know you know my way back home. I know you will take me home. Well, Jesus paid it all. All to him my own. Sin had left the crimson. He quietest. I hear the Savior sing. My strength is shout and find me by Jesus made it all to him. sing. Oh, indeed I alone can change the song. The heart Jesus made it all. Oh my god. My God is Jesus. You just in heaven and say I stand from Jesus my soul to Heat. Heat. Oh my Jesus. I for my soul. Are you passing me? Are you burning away? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about Jesus. Do you feel that empty sh and you dest ain't no way rise up from a naked grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love song is my Jesus. Amen. Broken dream. Let me tell you about my and all the wrongs that you going through. He work it out for you. Let me tell you about my Let me tell you now. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh, he makes the way. There ain't no way he rises up. Ain't no heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. He does the impossible and he does it real good. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Thank you, brother Isaac. Thanks, musicians. Amen. Good morning, everyone. Great to have everyone here. Praise the Lord. Mama is here to sort you out. I fish. Praise the Lord. Great to have you here. Amen. Margaret, Katie, Amy, Vicki, God bless you. Praise the Lord. Great to have that and the children. God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, welcome everyone. God bless you, brother Rudolph. Good to have you here. Amen. Amen. I just feel so good after those songs. Don't you? Amen. Let's uh let's turn in the scripture uh this morning. We're going to go to Exodus uh chapter 20. Going to read a couple of verses here. Then we're going to uh go to Joshua chapter 10. Um good to see Omar Robin. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Good to see you. God bless you. Amen. Welcome. &gt;&gt; Amen. Great to have you. Amen. Amen. Exodus 20 and 2 and 3 uh says this here. I am the Lord thy God which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage. Thou shalt have no other gods before me. And then we're going to go to and I pray the Lord will tie these all together because in my mind they they do. But we're going to go to uh Joshua 10 and verses 24 and 25 and read a couple of um scriptures here and then one verse in Acts 23. So Joshua 10 and 24 25 says, "And it came to pass when they brought out those kings unto Joshua." This is the five kings that were in the cave uh that Joshua called for all the men of Israel and said unto the captains of the men of war uh which went with them, "Come near, put your feet upon the necks of these kings." And they came near and put their feet upon the necks of them. And Joshua said unto them, "Fear not, nor be dismayed. Be strong and be of good courage. For thus shall the Lord do to all your enemies whom I mean against whom you fight. Amen. What a what a great promise. And then just just one more. You don't need to turn to it, but just Acts 23 and 11. This is the Lord speaking to to Paul. It says in the and in the night following the Lord stood by him and said, "Be of good cheer, Paul, for as thou hast testified of me in Jerusalem, so must thou bear witness also at Rome." Amen. So let's bow our heads in a word of prayer this morning. And as always, not out of tradition, but if you want to be remembered in prayer, say, Lord, you just want to slip your hand up, say, Lord, come by my way today. Amen. Almighty God, we just want to thank you so much. We can come together as Lord, in this fashion, Lord, to praise and worship you. And just want to pray, dear God, that you'd come and touch all of our hearts as we've read your great word. I pray you'd anoint it now. Speak to our hearts, Lord, change our lives, Lord Jesus. Lord, we're so thankful we can let you change our lives. that you transform us, mold us, and shape us. So may you be glorified in our midst today. We also want to remember those who couldn't be here today. Be their portion, Lord. If they Lord, if they be sick in body or traveling, just heal their bodies, Lord, and keep them safe on the road. And we just want to just want to plead your blood over us as a people, Lord. Protect us, Lord. Keep us under the shadow of your great wings and have your way this day in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can have your seats this morning. So I want to speak if I could take a uh take a title or just a thought here uh just from this uh third verse here in Exodus 20 that thou shalt have no other gods before me and and my my question I want to ask you this morning is what is your ultimate what is your god? Uh because a a god can be anything. You know the English word God, it just means an object of worship as brother Brand breaks it down and he says you know your car, your job, your family, even your church, your yourself can be your God. It be the thing that that you worship. Now worship when we think about it often we think about like the song service here we raise our hands we feel blessed you know you know we we we view that as worship and it is it is worship in a way but worship is more than that. Worship is more than uh you know coming before an idol like the pagans do and bowing themselves down but you know worship uh even though that is a form of worship but worship is really what you allow the thing you worship is a thing you bow down to the thing you give first place in your life now I pray well I believe I'm preaching to the choir this morning but I pray that that our the thing we worship is the Lord Jesus Christ his word so not not our imaginations, not our conscience, reasoning, affection. This is where I'm going to go with this. You know, more than just, you know, none of those things, but the thing that actually has the final say in our lives is his word. Amen. It's not our opinion, not what we think, not what's trending or #th this on social media, whatever, whatever. Not none of those things, but it's his word has the final say because the thing that has the final say in your life is the thing you actually bow down to. Now, the first time the word worship is ever used in the Bible is in Genesis 22 where where God tells Abraham to take his son, his only son Isaac, and go sacrifice him on a mountain that he has shown. And Abraham said unto this young man, um I mean unto his young men, abide ye here with the S, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again to you. This is the first time the word worship is used in scripture. Now there had been worship all the way from Eden even before Eden in heaven down into this point. But this is the first time this word is used. And what does it means? It means to prostrate especially reflectively in homage to royalty or God to bounce oneself down to crouch to fall down to humbly beseech to make obstinence to do reverence to make to to stoop to worship. So it's a it's a surrender to something. So it's more than just an ex what what the expression is because that can be many different forms. People can used to lay themselves down on a church floor and prostrate themselves like this and they call that worship and we say this is worship and running and dancing can be worship. Every there's many forms of worship but what worship is is what you give yourself to. Okay. So this is this is where where we read in that uh you know the first commandment there is thou shalt now have have no other gods before me. So, so God is saying here, you can't have anything else that has the final say in your life. You need to bow. You need to surrender to me that I have the final say that God is our absolute. Now, I'm just going to go slow today cuz I want you to think about this because, you know, the spirit of man can be so deceptive. The heart is evil. Who can know it? You know, there's many, many devices in our lives that even subconsciously we can we can outwardly say we're Christians and outwardly say, "Yes, I believe the message and go through all the motions." But when it comes down to challenging moments in our life, what do we really show we worship? You see, now this is this is very uh important. And as I'm speaking to you, I'm speaking to me cuz because what has the final say in my life? Is it me or is it God? Right? And so now the now so the thing you worship is your absolute. It has your final say. Uh it has the final say in your uh in your life. Now the word absolute it means it's free from imperfection. It means it's perfect. It's free or relatively free from mixture. So it's pure. It's something that's absolute. It's something that's been governed by or characteristic of a ruler or authority completely free from constitutional or other restraint. So it's absolute power. So that's something so someone that something that's got absolute power has the final say. Doesn't matter what others say, what protests, people beseech or you know appeal that that person or being has the final say. And there's a lot of things in our lives, but there's one thing that will have the final say, right? So yeah, and it's also something that's absolute has no restriction, expect uh uh exception or qualification. It's an absolute requirement and absolute freedom. That's something that's absolute. It's not restrained in any way. It controls. Now, brother Brown preaches the sermon or he preaches it a few places uh you know absolute or an absolute. He says but the word absolute is an ultimate and therefore I think that everyone should have an ultimate. So we got some we all actually have something whether we realize or not that has the final say in our lives. Okay, if we're honest we all have something you know and and every great achievement that's ever been achieved there has been an absolute behind it. No matter what it is it's had an absolute behind it. And every person in order to achieve something has to first have the absolute and that's the final wine back through this back through the other till you come to that absolute or the amen or or the ultimate uh of what your you've got something you have to tie to. In other words, it's a final tying post to every achievement. It's somewhere. It might wind back through different things till you get to that tie post, but there is the amen to all of it. There must be such a thing. You cannot go on through life without having one. So if our absolute is the word of God, things will go through our reasoning and our conscience and our affections, but it'll wind through all those things and it will finish on your absolute. So if your absolute is the word of God, you may be feeling down. You maybe feel like what's the point in trying? I might as well quit being a Christian. All this reasoning, see all that all that decision will be going passing through all those things. But if you're a Christian, Amen. Then your final the thing that has the final say in that decision is no. I've been bought with a price. I mean the blood of Jesus Christ is more than enough. It's not him that falls at him that gets back up. Amen. I'm going all the way. The Lord Jesus is my king. You know, so your absolute is actually what God has said. He's he his thoughts towards me are of peace and I'll come to an expected end. Right? So if our absolute is that doesn't matter what goes on in our spirit realm, troubles up and down, reasoning, emotion, all those things. If our final if the final typost is the word of God, everything will come back to that. But if our if our typost is our reasoning or our conscience or our memory, all those things, that thing will have the final say in our lives. Now, I believe I'm looking at a people as I said that the that the final say is is the word of God. Now, our lives will really prove what our absolute is. Okay? So as as we um you know we could read here in in uh Philippians because not everyone's God is God. Even he'd say in Philippians 3, now for many walk to whom I have told you often and now tell you even weeping that they are the enemies of the cross of Christ whose end is destruction whose God is their belly and whose glory is in their shame who mind earthly things. So these people they are they are I think uh Paul's not just talking about unbelievers. He's talking about people who are in the ranks of Christendom. But he said that their God or their absolute is not God. It's their own belly. It's it's it's whatever you know. So, so it's whatever furthers their own personal cause is what they'll push. And how how sadly we can see many places where where where where people's God is their own belly. They'll build a ministry around furthering themselves as opposed to furthering the kingdom of God. And it's those who mind so and they who mind earthly things. So you can see that whoever these people are, their absolute is not the word. Are you all following me this morning? Amen. So you know you we must have we must have an ultimate and or an absolute and that thing is the thing we worship. Now the power you live by is depending on what your absolute is. That's how strong you can live if I put it that way. That's the power that's in your life. Now if we look at if we look at uh just say in your your in the natural sense every game must have an absolute or an umpire. Okay. Every game must have an umpire. If you don't have an umpire that game when there's when there's anything that's controversial it will descend into chaos and that game will not be completed. So so there has to be an absolute in every game. Doesn't matter if it's football, rugby, soccer, cricket. In this in this instance, everything must have an absolute. Now, this is this is very important because the absolute in a game of cricket is not the players on the field, right? So, you let's just put you in a cricket game. If you've played, if you've never played, you're now the batsman, you know, facing facing a bowler there and you're out in the middle. Your absolute is not the um opposing people on the field, right? Your absolute is not even you. You know, your absolute is not you. People say, "Well, I've just got to go find my heart." Well, you're finding the wrong absolute. We should be seeking after the word of God, right? So, so here is here here we are. We're playing and so, so the absolute on that field is not the opposing team. It's not you. It's not even those people in the stands. And it's certainly not the armchair coaches who think they could do a better job because let's be honest, if they could do a better job, they would have been on the field. But they didn't make it. Amen. But then they think they know all about the game and the ins and outs. See, as brother Brandham, No, no, no, it wasn't Brother Bram, but um um was it Theodore Roosevelt, Teddy Roosevelt made this speech about the man in the arena, and he says, "It's not about the people on the outside that counts. It's the man in the arena that matters." And so, people can criticize all they want. They ain't in the arena. They ain't on the field. Amen. They're not pressing the battle for the word of God. They're just criticizing and writing blogs and and and and just complaining about things. Their opinion doesn't matter. The our absolute opinion is what matters. It's not what they say. It's not what the opposing fans say. It's not what anyone in the stands say. It's the absolute on the cricket field is the umpire. Amen. And it's exactly the same thing with you and I. Our absolute in our life is not ourselves. It's not the devil. It's not the critic. It's not the world. Our absolute is the word of God. Now, you know this umpire here, if he says it's a no ball, it's a no ball. If he says it's wide, it's wide. If he says, you know, the person's out, he's out. If he doesn't say it, it doesn't happen. Right? Doesn't matter how loud the opposing the opposing team, the fielding team appeal, who are they appealing to? They're not appealing to the batsman to go. They're appealing to the absolute on the field, which is the umpire. And they can they can appeal as loud as they want. They can get as as emotional as they want. But the thing is if that batsman's not trained, if they don't realize the umpire is the absolute on the field and you know maybe maybe they go to block a ball and maybe it doesn't hit their hit their bat but maybe strikes their back pad and the wicket keeper catches it. So they hear a you know they hear a noise. They're appealing the you know the field. Now now who's going to be the absolute to that batsman? Is it the sound he hears? Is that his absolute and then he just walks? Or is it or is it the feeling? Oh yes, I did actually hit that ball cuz I heard a sound. Is it is it his emotions that are going to dictate whether he stays or he or he walks off the field that he got out? See, an untrained batsman will go by his emotions and his emotions or his feeling or what he hears is his absolute. But a trained batsman will not do that. They will stay there until they see the decision of the umpire because they're trained that the absolute on the field is not how they feel. It's not what they've heard. It's not what the opposing team is saying. It is what the umpire says. That's the only thing that matters. And it's exactly the same in our Christian walk. It's not about how you feel. Our feelings are not our absolute. It's not what we hear. That's not our absolute. What we see with our eyes is not our absolute. It's not what the enemy is telling you. The other team, right? It's what the umpire, the word of God says. &gt;&gt; Amen. So the decisions there has got nothing to do with the other team, the batsman. It's the umpire. What's your absolute in terms of worship or what has the final say? The umpire has the final say. The word has the final say. You see? So it and and it doesn't matter how controversial his call is, he has the final say. Same thing in the Christian life. He says, "No matter what your experience is, then if you if something in you tells you that the Bible isn't true, that the power of God, apostles, prophets, and teachers, and pastors, and the gifts of the spirit just isn't the same as it was when it flowed through them apostles at Pentecost, there's something wrong with your absolute. There's something wrong with what you're worshiping." Amen. Because our God is the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, our absolute doesn't change. It's like a cricket umpire. He doesn't change his decisions because the rules of the game don't change. The word doesn't change. So the so the so the umpire will give his decisions based on the rule book. Right? And the Holy Ghost will give his decisions based on his word. Amen. Cuz he wrote his word. So if there's something within you telling you that the word is not true today, yes, it was with brother Brandham and yes, the apostles and we can see that and God moved in great power. But things are different now. That's a wrong absolute. Amen. Because our absolute is the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. It has to tie. See, it says it has to tie to denominational creed instead of God's Bible when he but when he said both heavens and earth will pass away, but my word will never fail. Watch what your absolute is. So, we must be very careful to to look at what what is what is what is the final say in our life. Is it is it money? Is it popularity? Is it is it what are we worshiping? What are we giving ourselves to? What has the final say? You see your, you know, your feelings, if your feelings have the final say, then you'll live by the power of your feelings. Your feelings will motivate your life. You see, and then what will happen is you say, well, I don't feel to do something. I I need the right feeling. And that becomes your absolute. Or I need a feeling to do it. And then now you're now you're now actually hamstrung by your feelings. I need a feeling to start something and I need a feeling to do something. But what is it? But that means you're worshiping your feelings. They have the final say. So for example, in the Bible, if it says that you should get baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of sin, that's the Bible. Now, now if the Bible is your absolute, it's not how you feel. You obey the word, right? Or it says you must forgive those who have wronged you. I don't feel to. Well, your feelings are dictating to you what to do. I need to feel that it's right to, you know, to to to talk to that person and to forgive them first and whatever more. Well, then your feelings are running your life. But the Bible says when you pray, forgive, right? So if my absolute says when you pray forgive, I'm going to forgive. &gt;&gt; Right? So what is what is running your life? And it doesn't matter how loud your feelings are, doesn't matter how strong and real they may be. What is your absolute? You see, so we should never, you know, we should never run, you know, because let's be honest, friends, if we all ran our life by our feelings, what kind of chaos would we be in? &gt;&gt; Where would we be? It would be a in it would be a crazy story where we'd turn up. But that's why we're so thankful we don't we don't worship our feelings. We worship the Lord, the word, right? You know, like you know, your memories memories can be an absolute to someone. They will, you know, have a bad experience with something and they'll let that bad experience control their life. I heard brother Isaac, I was streaming as I was coming here and you said you you want to break, you know, God to break every complex. You want to take it to the grave or take it to the rapture. Well, you know, a complex can come from a memory, something that happened. Now, is that going to become our absolute? Oh, bad. You know, this bad thing, and I'm not degrading any bad thing that's happened to anybody, but are we going to let that thing be our absolute that it rules our life? Or are we going to smash that thing? Are we going to let the word of God bear absolute and overcome that thing? Amen. Amen. If you can read in that scripture something that Christ has ordained or commissioned us to do and because of some twisting around, if you let if if someone would tell you that that was for the disciples or someone else, then you don't hold on to that, then Christ is not your absolute. That person who led you out of the way is your absolute. But if that word Christ still holds, then then he's your absolute. You mustn't let anything stir us out of the way of the word. See, so the so for example with my cricket example, the fielders would become the batsman's absolute if they if he if if the batsman believed their appeal and he walked, right? If he didn't wait for the umpire's decision and he just walked, then then who led him from who led him from the wickets? It wasn't the umpire. It wasn't what really happened. It was the emotion of and the reasoning of the fielding team. And so anyone who leads us away from the word of God actually becomes our absolute. But if the Holy Ghost is your absolute, you won't give the word for nothing. &gt;&gt; You won't trade it because that is has the final say in your life. Praise the Lord. I'm so glad we can be like that, aren't you? Amen. That he has the final say. Now, I'm just sorry for a bit of reading. But you see, but what really happens is our greatest enemy is ourselves. This is really I want to come down to cuz I want to go beyond money and and entertainment, you know, all these other gods. What about in you? You know, Brother Brandham would say, "The greatest enemy I have is William Brandham. If I can just get that guy out of the way, then God can do things William Brandon knows nothing about." So, we got to be honest, friends. Satan was defeated on Calvary. &gt;&gt; Hell was conquered. Every demon in hell has been conquered. We face a defeated foe. &gt;&gt; So the only one that needs to be conquered is actually you and I. We need to let the word of God conquer ourselves. I mean, that's where the battle lays. I mean, our our enemy is defeated. Sickness is defeated. I mean, every demon of torment's been defeated that day on Calvary. And God is here to enforce his victory upon them in our lives. But the thing is, we have a free moral agency that we have to give our self-will over to the Lord that now we we don't get in the way anymore. We are our own worst enemy whether we like it or not. It's not your spouse. It's not your siblings. It's not your parents. It's not your school. It's not your job. It's not the economy. It's not Trump. It's not anyone like that. Actually, your greatest enemy is you. It's the person in the mirror you look at most mornings or every morning depending on what gender you are or a lot of times in the morning. But that person, if you can get him out or her out of the way, then God can step in and do things you know nothing about. I mean, you may read about it in the scripture, but you can see God step in. Cuz remember, the same God in the prophets, the same God in you. The same God in the Lord Jesus Christ is the same God in you. Same God in the disciples is the same God in you. Amen. So he can do the very same things through your life. We cannot let a restriction be upon our God and what he can do. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's why Joshua would would take those uh five five kings out of the cave after the great victory where God did a great paradox there and made the sun and moon stand still and you know those you know and and then and then what happened is he brought them out and he told his told his men, "Put your feet on the neck of your enemies." And because God was God was showing through that symbolically, this is this is the dominion you're going to have in your inheritance. I mean, your enemy is not going to be running around. He's not going to be afflicting you. But you are going to win this victory because God's already given you the land. And you are going to put your foot on his neck. Amen. To show you have complete dominion over him. Amen. So, well, you say, "Why haven't you put the devil under there?" Well, he's already been conquered. It's you. It's your feelings have to be conquered. &gt;&gt; They can't run you anymore. Well, I feel happy. Well, I'm going to be happy. I feel down. I'm going to be down. And this person said this and I imagine that you No, you got to you got to take your feelings subject to the word of God. Amen. You cannot let them rule you. Amen. You cannot be tossed to and fro. That doesn't mean you become a robot. We all have feelings and God wants us to have feelings. God wants us to be uh not detached and just be robots. We weren't made to be robots, but you were to take every feeling and and bring it subject subject to the word of God. I don't feel like serving God today. Who who gave you that feeling? Where's that feeling coming from? I mean, there's no feelings in your soul, but I'll just say that feeling didn't come from your soul. Didn't come from the spirit of God. That's the enemy trying to see if he can drag you around. Don't live below your privileges by by by by serving and bowing down to your feelings or your reasoning. Oh, you know, there's so much reasoning in the world today. Don't live by your reasoning. I know I've got a canary brain. I don't trust it. &gt;&gt; I'll be honest. This two in has only got me into trouble. &gt;&gt; It's God that got me out. &gt;&gt; So, my absolute is not going to be my thinking. &gt;&gt; Amen. And of course, you're thinking you if all of these things if they line up with the word of God, you keep them. But if it's contrary, you get rid of it, right? So if my reasoning matches the word, I'm going to go with that reason cuz that's godly counsel. Right? If my feelings go with the word, then I'm going to go with those feelings. Well, what are those feelings? A godly sorrow for sin, a real reverent sincerity, that's a feeling. I'm going to go with that. I'm not going to throw that away. I'm not going to say that's contrary. If I think of the Lord and I feel that way, I'm going to keep that feeling. Soberness, that's a feeling, right? If my reasoning is is is telling me that the word isn't true anymore, I'm going to throw that reasoning aside, &gt;&gt; right? But but if my reasoning is actually no, he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He can do anything at any time. He can do it like this. There's nothing too hard for my God. I'm going to keep that reasoning. Amen. If my reasoning says actually all things work together for good. Those who are who love the Lord and are called according to his purpose. Amen. Then therefore my reasoning is Lord you are actually this is working for my good. So I'm going to keep that reasoning. Amen. I'm not going to throw it away. I'm going to keep that reasoning. And the same thing with my memory. Amen. See see the devil loves to bring up memories of our failures of our past. But you've got to update that story back to where the devil got defeated. He got dethroned. I mean now Christ is the king of your life. You've been washed in the blood of the lamb. Every sin has been taken care of. Amen. That's a good memory, &gt;&gt; right? Or you go into memories of when God delivered you, God counseledled you, God guided you. Those are good memories. But all the memories of all the trouble, hurts, and pains of the past. I would take that and say, "I'm not living by those memories anymore. This is a new day. This is a new year. This is a new day to walk with the Lord. I'm gonna I'm gonna lay those things like even Paul would say forgetting the things which are in the past. Amen. So don't be don't be a slave to your past. Amen. No. Be a be a love slave to the word of God. Let let your let your let your memories be God. You fulfilled your word over and over and over again and keep with them. Amen. Your affections. If my affections are on the Lord. Lord, I love you. Lord, you're amazing. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me. I'm so thankful you found me, Lord. I'm so glad your word is true. I'm so glad we're not just looking back and oh, I wish I could be back in the book of Acts, BUT LORD, YOU'RE WRITING A book of Acts in this day. OH, I WISH I COULD BE BACK IN 1960s where the prophet was here. No, but you're the same God today. I'm so thankful. I'm not just looking through a rearview mirror and wishing one day. No, my affections are Lord, you're the resurrection, the life today. You're present today. You're more than able today to fulfill your word. Amen. You're so faithful. You're true. You're so glorious. You're so lovely. I'm going to stick with those affections. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Any affection that takes me from the word of God that makes me want to bow down to something else. I'm going to I'm going to kill that thing. &gt;&gt; It ain't worth it. Because if you love the Lord with all your heart, soul, mind, and strength, you'll love your neighbor as yourself. You'll love your family. You'll be a useful person. Amen. Imaginations. Those are a big one. If my imaginations are contrary to the word of God, I'm going to get rid of it. I'm not going to live in a false world, I'm going to I'm going to I'm going to say, "Lord, put that under my feet." If my imaginations are God moving in power, the Holy Ghost coming among us. Amen. Where we have a camp meeting every Sunday, every Wednesday, and can be ministered in different ways. Our brother Mach preached such a masterpiece on Wednesday. God just dealing and speaking. I so loved it. Amen. Or it can be very dynamic. It doesn't matter how it comes. It really doesn't matter. It's God feeding his people. Amen. And that's what I look for. And God comes out and anoints his word and the pillar of fire moves and touches our lives. Amen. I can imagine that cuz I've seen it happen over and over again. Amen. You get into trouble and you begin to imagine, Lord, you can get me out. You've done it before. Lord, you'll do it again because you're the same God today as you were back then. Amen. You can imagine those things. But some kind of imagination that someone hates you, someone doesn't like you. You know, you can build a whole false world by a wrong imagination, someone doesn't shake your hand. One service, two services, three services, and you think, man, that person really doesn't like you. And you don't know what they're going through. They got to rush off and do something, and they, you know, they're in this big comp uh not complex, but, you know, trial and trouble, all these things. But you get in your mind this imagination, man, that brother or sister, they've really changed. You know, I must have done something wrong. and you know what's wrong with them and but it's just an imagination. &gt;&gt; You got to go beyond those imaginations. Remember, we're all human. &gt;&gt; Okay, some of us is we're all human. We can we have misunderstandings. &gt;&gt; It's part of being human. But don't let that misunderstanding become an imagination. Amen. Throw those things down. Amen. As it second says in 2 Corinthians, for the weapons of our warfare are not carnal, but mighty through God to the pulling down of strongholds. Where are those strongholds? In the human spirit, casting down imaginations. Amen. And every high thing that exalts itself against the knowledge of God and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ or the knowledge of Christ. See, that's within your power. You control your thought life. You control if you're em, you know, if you're governed, if you worship your emotions or not. that's placed in in our hands what we think about. See, God when you you know a Christian does not um isn't a person that doesn't think. It's just a blank. That's not a believer. A believer actively thinks, right? Thinks about life, thinks about what they're going through, thinks about the promises of God, thinks about their family, thinks about the church, thinks about their friends, and you know, but but it's a highlevel thinking. It's not a low-level thinking of, you know, just some empty thing that they're chasing. We should have higher level thinking about life, right? You know, we shouldn't just be thinking about, you know, like brother Bam says and thinking man's filter. Many people they just thinking about their next drink or another woman they can chase. That's very low level, right? That's just in the world. Do eating dog. We should have higher level thinking than that. Amen. Praying for one another, meditating on the word, thinking about how can I how can I make my family better? How can I be a better better uh believer? How can I how can I help my community better? Right? Those kind of thoughts, you know, how can I, Lord, show me where I where my secret faults are, &gt;&gt; mold and shape me, Lord, meditating on his promises, those kind of things. But anything else that exalts itself above the word of God, you have the power to arrest that thing, lock it up, and throw away the key. Amen. We have that power. Praise the Lord. I'm so thankful we do. that we're not just this, you know, helpless, helpless person, but God's given us strength. &gt;&gt; Amen. If the Holy Ghost is in you, you have power to bring every thought captive. Now, an imagination here, casting down imaginations. The root word of this, well, well, it says it's reasoning, but that word there that that that this word uh logos, if that's how you say it, I'm not Greek, so don't look at me. Um, the the root word of that means to take an inventory. That's your imagination. when your your imaginations are, you're actually taking stock of things. You're compiling facts. You're compiling things and putting it together as a picture. See? So, you've got to you got to take those things and you've got to bring them if they're contrary to the word, you got to bring them captive. Don't let your mind run wild. You say, "Well, I'm a deep thinker and I always cross bridges before I get to them." Well, stop doing it. Brother Bram says, "Stop it. &gt;&gt; Stop it. Control your thoughts." You know, because the devil always make you cross bridges and it's never positive. Who's ever had that thought process? It always ends up in just some basically a big crater and smoke and and fire and a big train wreck and it's just that's incredibly bad. You don't need to let your thoughts go that way. You don't need to. We should be able to by now because you should be able to look at your thinking say, "Now I know where this thinking gets pear-shaped. Turn left instead of right." then &gt;&gt; take it back into the word of God and you'll find your thinking doesn't end up in a big crater and smoke and debris and terrible things. It actually ends up in the promises of God in the reality of God. That's where your thinking ends up. So you have the power to take every thought captive, every imagination. You got to take inventory. Well, how do you take inventory with the word? Take every promise of God and accumulate it. &gt;&gt; And that will actually build faith in your life. You actually take inventory. You can take every promise that God has fulfilled and you will you say that can take a long time. It's a good time well spent. Amen. Cuz you spend now till the rapture accumulating promises when it becomes real in your heart. I think that's a good way to spend our time. Praise the Lord. It will change your life. It will bless everyone around you. Amen. It will change the atmosphere in your home if you look at the promise. You take an inventory of the promises of God. Amen. like um like David, you know, you before he died, you know, he uh uh here in 1 Chronicles, they were they were gathering all the material that Solomon needed for the temple and and and and David gave basically everything. Then the people gave a free will offering gladly. And then David would say, "Oh Lord our God, all the store that we have prepared to build thee and house for thine holy name cometh of thine hand and is all thine own. I know also my God that thou tryest the heart and has pleasure in uprightness. As for me, in the uprightness of my heart, I will willing, I have willingly offered all these things. And now have I seen with joy thy people which are present here to offer willingly unto thee. Oh Lord, God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Israel our fathers. Keep this forever in the imagination of the thoughts of the hearts of thy people, and prepare their heart unto thee. So what David's praying is Lord keep this in their imagination what they've just done for the next phase of what's going to happen because there's going to be hardship there's going to be trouble there's going to be trials unexpected things but keep this moment keep the feeling of this moment keep the atmosphere of this moment alive in their imaginations when they realize that what God has begun he will complete amen so keep in your imag keep in your imagination how God found you and what God's done in your life and how he saved you and every promise he's fulfilled in your life. Keep that in your imagination. Amen. What does it do? It keeps faith alive. Amen. It keeps the promises. It It doesn't let them go stale in your heart. It keeps them alive and fresh. Amen. It's just like Paul would tell the Philippian jailer, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and thine and thy house shall be saved." And brother Ram takes that. He expands it. Says, "Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ for thy house." So the same faith that you were given to believe for your own salvation now apply that to your family and see and that's how you apply the token. Amen. So what do you do? You keep the you keep the reality of what God did in your life alive and then now Lord you saved me Lord. I have no idea how you did it. It seemed in such an imp such an impossible case. Amen. I was going against the tide. I was going against you as fast as I could. But God you turned my heart some way Lord. And I know you did it for me. You'll do it for them Lord. And your promises oh true. I'm so thankful for your blood. What's that doing? You're keeping that as an imagination alive. Praise the Lord. Now, as I said before, your senses, uh, everything if it if it doesn't agree with the word, then throw it away. But if it agrees with the word, go for it. So, if you've got senses, you've got senses, see, taste, feel, smell, and hear, they're all right. But don't you trust them unless they agree with the word. That's all right. But if they disagree with the word, don't listen to them. Now, imaginations, conscience, memories, reasons, and affections, they're all right if they agree with the word. But if your affection doesn't agree with the word, get rid of it. You'll blow a flu right quick. See, if your reason disagrees with the word, get away from it. That's right. The engine in your if your memory, if your imaginations, if your conscious, anything disagrees with that what's on in on the inside, get rid of it. What's on the inside? The Holy Ghost is on the inside. Amen. Because the word of God is more than just ink on paper. The word is Christ, the Lord himself. Amen. So, so if any of those things disagree with what's on the inside, get rid of it. And I think we've all had those feelings, just that warning bell comes up. You start thinking in a certain way and it grieves you. Right? And to me, the reason it does that, it's not just the fact that maybe your thoughts are negative, but it's actually God saying, "I don't like that. &gt;&gt; I don't want that in my temple. I don't want that kind of thought pattern in in your life and I'm in you. So, so what's God telling you? You need to disagree with that thinking &gt;&gt; and cast it aside. &gt;&gt; See, because we walk by faith and not by sight. Amen. So, we walk by revelation. This is if the revelation of the word is your absolute, you're worshiping the right God. &gt;&gt; You have the right idol, if I can put it that way. You have the right God you're bowing down to. He and if he's your absolute then you will walk by the power of your absolute. Amen. So we walk by revelation. We don't walk by memory. We don't walk by feelings. We don't not by imaginations not by reasoning. Not by what we see, feel, taste, smell, or hear. We walk by faith, by revelation. And revelation has got to be our absolute where the light turns on. Amen. When the spirit of truth comes, you see it's such a it's such a thing. Jesus said when the spirit of truth has come, he'll lead you and guide you into all truth. He will be your absolute. And so what does it so what that means is when the so the spirit of truth is God himself, the Holy Ghost. And when he comes into your life, what does he do? He illuminates the scripture. He brings it all that it makes sense. See, this is this is what we need. More than just a teaching, but God to quicken the word to our souls. You know, it's like um you know, it's like brother brother Ed Biscll, you know, when he was when he was there, you know, with brother Brandham and before he went hunting with him, he heard things that brother Brandham was teaching. He just didn't understand any of it. Thought the serpent seed, what a wild idea and didn't want to talk about those things and you know, so so when he was hunting with him, he wasn't like actively believing, yes, this is this is Malachi 4 and this is this is God doing these things. No, he was very skeptical. And also at that time, you know, the healing revival had basically just just gone downhill. Other, you know, you know, other ministries had gone into intellectualism or they gone into prosperity. And so he see so this is Ed Biscll's testimony. He said he just saw the whole Christian world just seem to kind of just just fall apart and all he wanted to do is hide up in the wilderness somewhere and just and just escape all this confusion. And then so he was hunting with brother Brandham and you know they begin to and you know and there's a brother bisc said if he bypasses Genesis 4 you know and then Adam you know I mean I mean and then Adam knew his wife and she conceived you know you know and she had Abel and all these things um he's just going to he's just going to um he's just going to walk away. So he wasn't there actively believing but then I was sitting on the log and brother Bram said you know when we were writing back here you know he came to me there and said you got three questions and and the questions that brother Bram gave them was exactly the importance in in in brother Biscll's heart and they begin to speak about those things and begin to speak about serpent seed and brother Ed said I didn't understand it but he said he wasn't just gulping it down he was very skeptical because of everything that was going on and then brother brother Bram said to him brother Eddie I'll pray for you you just pray and God will show you. And then he found himself under how much how many weeks later or whatever time later and he's reading 2 Corinthians and it says, you know, that you know, I've espoused you. I have godly jealousy over you. I've espoused you as a chasteed virgin to Christ, but I fear least as as as the serpent begiled Eve. So another spirit will do that to you. And and he just saw it from the Genesis to Revelation. What happened? The spirit of truth came to him and illuminated the whole word. And this is really what you need is that spirit of truth to come. I trust we're all focusing just about now. You know, for the spirit of truth to come and illuminate the scripture. Amen. See, that's what we walk by. And that becomes our absolute goes beyond reasoning, what you hear, arguments, whatever more. No. And that becomes the final say in your life. And that's how we walk. Amen. By by faith, by revelation, not by sight. Amen. We're just going to change this a little bit here. Now, you see what happens is if people don't have the Lord as their absolute, then they're going to have something else. And as I read earlier about how their God is their own valley. Now, we were talking the other day at home about about Christian politicians. Okay? Christian politicians. Now, I'm not talking about politicians who are Christians, okay? In in governments. I'm talking about Christians who are believers, but they're politically minded. So, they're always they're always trying to they're always trying to uh gain influence by arguments, good talking, you know, that you know, it's not by substance. And that's what I've got here from Jude that their clouds, they are without water. Now, if you've ever been in a drought and you see a cloud come over and there's no rain in that thing, it can't it can't quench that drought. It's just it looks good. It can maybe sound good, you know, but there's no substance in it. There's no water to refresh. There's nothing in that cloud that can that can help anybody. And it's like a Christian politician. They have no Holy Ghost to feed the people. They've got no power of God within their words to actually feed the sheep and feed the lambs. And you see this is this is a very sad thing because they're absolute because a politician's absolute is reasoning. It's their own selfish motives. You know, everyone in parliament, they're not one big unified group. You know, you see a party begins to collapse and troubles and they go down in the polls. What do the other members of the cabinet do? They begin to get their knives out. How can I become the prime minister? How can I become deputy? I want to be the minister of finance. I've been waiting all my life and now's my chance. I'm going to because the economy that they're not unified. It's not like if we fall, we all fall together. It's like, no, who can we push off the boat that I can take their place? That's Christian politicians, too. They're trying to murder the influences of people by talking and debate and argument, but they have nothing to feed the people. They won't that they will never say things straight. A politician is so teflon coded they'll they'll be asked a very simple question and 20 minutes later you've just heard a bunch of uh word salad. It's just just just be straight. &gt;&gt; Just be honest. What do you think about this current well blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. No, no, no. And and and a Christian politician will stand in a pullpit or be in a fellowship and they'll never say things straight. They'll say things in a roundabout way that you'll be guessing, well, what are they really meaning? Because they have nothing to feed you with. Amen. But a real But a real Christian will can say things straight. Amen. They will say things. Yeah. The prophet wasn't a politician. He did not say things in a roundabout way. He said it very direct. Amen. And what will they do? They will murder the influence of godly people. to to make themselves look less bad, to try and try and satisfy their own conscience, and they will explain away the supernatural, explain away what God is doing because it doesn't further their own ends. And what does this spirit do? It actually pinches the very life out of the church. See, when I read this, you know, if God sent the Messiah, he'd be exactly word by word of the Bible, exactly what he was at the first time, the cry of the word. When you see politicians and everything else pinching out the very life of the church, to me, that's not the government. It's people within the church pinching the life out. See, there's a there's a saying, you know, back in the sailing days, you know, you know, there'll be two ships coming along and they're going to fly their colors. What team are you on? What nation are you fighting for? You know, but a politician will be, oh, yeah, I'm kind of for it and yes, and you know, he made mistakes here and this is a problem and you know, and they talk in a roundabout way. Are you for the word or against the word? &gt;&gt; Strike up your colors. You know, let's be honest about it. But you see, what happens is it pinches the very life out of the church. You see, a cloud without water, you can see it very much in election year. It becomes a lolly scramble of promises. All promises are no substance. Well, if you vote us in, we'll do this and we'll do this and and they give promises to try and get the biggest demographic of votes, but there's no substance in it. You know how many how many governments they promise things and it never happens, &gt;&gt; but oh yeah, if yeah, they're going to do it. And and they say, "Well, you just misunderstood us last time. This year we really do it." You know, YOU WE'VE CHANGED. GIVE US ANOTHER CHANCE. You just misunderstand me. No, there should be a track record. I'm talking about believers. I'm not I'm not even talking about the beehive. I'm talking about believers. A track record should stand for something. someone who's been solid in and out, you know, in ter up and down in terms of good times, bad times, but they're a solid Christian. They're a believer and they've just become more like Christ and God has anointed and proved himself in their lives. That kind of track record should stand for something. But a to but a politician will try and explain that away because they have nothing to feed the people. I mean, they will murder reputations. They will try and do those things. Why? Unfortunately, they're a cloud without water. And unfortunately, the God they worship is not the God. Because if their God was the word, then there would be a cloud with water. Amen. You take one for example who wasn't a politician. Elijah was no politician. He was not a cloud without water. Amen. He said, "There's fire. The true God will answer by fire." The true God answered by fire. Amen. He wasn't He wasn't uh He didn't give an empty promise of a showdown and we're going to do this thing. No. He said, "This is what's going to happen." And it happened exactly that way. Amen. What happened? God answered by fire. And then after that, he said, "Now I hear the sound of abundance of rain." Amen. So, so what did he do? He didn't have an empty promise that rain was going to come. Rain came. Amen. And the reason he could stand like this is because his God truly was Jehovah like Elijah means. Amen. His absolute was revelation. It wasn't politics. It wasn't anything else. It wasn't his reasoning. It wasn't his imagination. It wasn't his conscience. It wasn't any of those things. It was revelation by the word. Amen. And so this is and this is what he did. Now he said he said, "Now I hear the sound of abundance of rain." And then and then finally on the seventh time the pardon me, the um servant went out. So I'm just trying to wrap up here. He said, "I see like I see a cloud like a man's hand." And then he told then he told um Ahab, you better get down to Jezrael because it's going to you know you know because there's going to be rain. So his message changed. I was thinking about this brother Mach on Wednesday about look right. So first he said look for fire and there was fire. Fire came. Wasn't wasn't some empty promise. It really happened. Then he said look for a cloud. Amen. And the cloud appeared. Amen. And then he said now rain's coming and it rained. Amen. So there was a shift in what was happening. It was the same voice, but Elijah had a track record. Amen. He said, "No rain or dewy will come until I call for it." And there was a drought. You know, he got fed by the ravens, went to actually Jezebel's um homeland and got fed there by the widow of Zerapath. And then, you know, all those things happened. He had a track record of God speaking to him and God doing what God spoke to him. And then finally, he came down and he, you know, they had the um uh show down there on Mount Carmel and there was fire. Fire came, cloud came, you know, rain came. I mean, there was a change in ministry of now the rain is coming. I mean, so no doubt, no doubt the people of Israel, they begin to get their water pots out. Amen. But why? Because there's now a change going on. I mean, it was no longer just, it was no longer just, you know, there's a drought and things are bad and yes, Jezebel's evil and look at it's the mark of the beast and the denomination. It went from beyond that. &gt;&gt; Amen. It went now. It's going to rain. And then now what has happened in this day? Actually, let's just let's just go here. No, we'll go ahead then we'll go back again. We had Elijah in this day. We saw the fire. &gt;&gt; And it was more than the photograph. To me, it's not even the photograph that really matters. It's actually what did that pillar of fire do in the meetings. Even his even his critics said when the angel of the Lord came down, there was such a holiness that they never felt before. It was one of the founding members of some churches here in New Zealand. It might be Elim. I might be totally wrong, but he was he was in some of the meetings of brother Brandham. He said when the angel of the Lord came down, he tried to hide behind the pew. That's how that's how awesome that presence was. And we were in South Africa in 2019 speaking to brother Villy Retif and he said when that presence came, he got tears in his eyes. The awesome presence of God. &gt;&gt; He said if people were ever in that presence, I'd never question this message again. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what did it do? It came down. It healed people. Open the eyes of the blind, raise the dead, open the word. Amen. Changed people's lives. The Holy Ghost was poured out. Amen. And we've seen the cloud. &gt;&gt; Amen. And what is it doing now? Now it's raining. &gt;&gt; Now it's raining. God is pouring out his spirit more and more. Amen. So now, friends, we got to change what we're doing. And I believe already changed. Now get your water pot out. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let your expectation rise. Amen. Dust off your vessel. Amen. Put it out. Amen. INTO THE ATMOSPHERE OF GOD. WHY? BECAUSE, AMEN, the fire's come. God's proven his word over and over again. Amen. The cloud has arrived. Amen. And now it's raining. There's an abundance of rain. I mean, it's not some trickle of the Holy Ghost, some little mist THAT'S COME. NO, IT'S A MONSOON SEASON, FRIENDS. God is pouring his spirit out more and more and more. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our prophet, this message is not a cloud without water. No, this message is a sound of abundance of rain. And I'll tell you what, friends, in 2026, it is raining. God is pouring out his word. He's quickening his promises. I mean, he's making his promises alive. God is moving. That's why when we go from our first camp to our latest camp, God's just turned it up, &gt;&gt; poured it out more, changed like the nozzle on the shower. IT'S JUST GOTTEN bigger and greater and greater. And our and God is lining our lives up with his word more and more and more. Why? Cuz there is the It is raining. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. If only I went back there. even though it's raining now. Amen. This is a blessed more blessed time to live now than it was, Amen. when the message first came. Why? Cuz God has given us the spirit of truth to see the message in the Bible. Amen. To see that to take us back that our me that our absolute is this. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. That it's not our feelings, our reasoning, someone's arguments, their emotions. No, it's the word of God is our absolute. And it's the word of God that we worship. Yes, &gt;&gt; we bow down. We don't we don't worship a prophet. We don't worship a theory. We don't worship some doctrines. We don't worship a movement. We worship Jesus Christ, the living word. He is our God. He is the one we bow ourselves down to. He is our He has the final say in all of our lives. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. And I see I'm sure you can see that in your own life that he is my absolute. &gt;&gt; It's not my feelings though they're there or my reasoning though there or my memory, my conscious, my affections. So that it goes through all of that that comes to the solid rock, amen, of the word of God and it settles on there and that's where my decisions come from can go all different kind of ways but it comes down to that absolute of my life. I tell you what, if he's your absolute, you live by the power of that absolute. I mean, if it's reason is your absolute, that's as that's as high as you can live. Tell you what, my reasoning isn't very strong or my memory or my imagination, any of those things. But if he is your absolute, he is ultimate in power. He's unlimited in potential. Amen. He can do all things. Amen. He does the impossible. Our God can do all things. So if he is your absolute, then nothing is impossible with you. All things are possible to them that believe. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Brother Bram said, "The dynamics of this church will be a refilling of the Holy Ghost." that we have worked in a small measure while the headstones coming down to unite with the body. But when the head and the body unites together, the full power of the Holy Ghost would would rise her up just exactly like that. Even the dead that's dead in Christ for hundreds of years ago will rise up in the beauty of his holiness and take a flight to the skies. The dynamics is the Holy Ghost. Amen. So what is this now? We are living in the season of this refilling. I mean God pouring out his spirit more and more. I mean why? Because the head and the body has become united. Amen. You become one with Jesus Christ. You are the body. He's the head. You become one unit in Christ Jesus the word. Amen. So what's he doing? He's pouring out his spirit more and more. That's why we love the word of God. Amen. And we don't separate the dynamics from the mechanics. We believe they got to be the same unit. Like the atonement. Brother Meshach had that wonderful quote about can't people see the other side of the atonement? It's not just salvation, but it's healing. I mean, there's the full atonement is what we believe cuz we believe the full word. Amen. Salvation's in the atonement. We believe that. Amen. Forgiveness of sins is in the atonement. We believe that. Redemption, healing, deliverance, the body change, our families coming in, miracles, signs, and wonders, THE GIFTS, EVERY PROMISE OF GOD IS IN THE ATONEMENT. And we believe the whole thing. &gt;&gt; Amen. We don't have just part of it. Now, what was the vindication of? What was the vindication of John the Baptist ministry? He wasn't a cloud without water. Amen. What was his vindication? Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world. He didn't say anything in a roundabout way. He said, "You generation of vipers, you know, he didn't he didn't say thing." No, he he just said it straight. Amen. Because he wasn't a politician. Praise the Lord. He had the spirit of Elijah. And what did he do? He pointed out the lamb of God. So So So what was the vindication of his ministry? God and flesh. That was the vindication of his ministry. Amen. Now, now what was what was the vindication? What was the vindication of Jesus' ministry? Trying Jerusalem to endure with power from on high. So what happened after he dead, you know, he died, he rose, resurrected, went up into glory, sent his holy ghost, what was the vindication of his ministry? God in redeemed flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. That's the vindication Jesus is true. Why? Because God dwelt in his people. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Amen. What was the vindication of the Apostle Paul's ministry? If I have been not an apostle unto the others, yet doubtless I am to you. For the seal of my apostilhip is that ye are in the Lord. That was the proof of his ministry. Not that they formed churches, not that they believed in new doctrine, not that they just confessed the cross. No, that they received the Holy Ghost. It wasn't just those things. It was that God dwelt in them cuz that's how you get in the Lord. So the So, so the vindication, the Apostle Paul's doctrine, his teaching, his life, his ministry was God in redeemed flesh. Praise the Lord. Now, what is the what is the what is the vindication of this message? It's more than a photograph. &gt;&gt; That's a painted fire, friends. I'm sorry. You can't you can't get warmed by it. Or a cloud picture. What is the vindication? All those things are true. I believe those things. BUT WHAT'S THE VINDICATION? GOD AND REDEEMED FLESH. AMEN. The word put on flesh again in you and I. The bride of Jesus Christ becoming one with the word. That's the vindication. I mean that WE HAVE GONE BACK TO THE POWER OF THE Pentecostal blessing. Amen. But the doctrine of Paul that we're not tossed to and fro anymore. We know in whom we have believed. Amen. We have the dynamics and the mechanics running together. We have the full promise. &gt;&gt; That is the vindication this message works. I tell you what, you ever have a question, ask me my testimony. &gt;&gt; What did it? Reading the Bible and listening to brother Baron. &gt;&gt; Anglican church shouldn't do it. Presbyterian church didn't do it. Pentecostal church didn't do it. Charismatic church didn't do it. I was in those things &gt;&gt; when I heard good good evening friends. &gt;&gt; I'm going to preach on the seal of God today. Why why so many people are tossed about all those kind of things. And it did what it said it would do. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. AMEN. YOU SHALL RECEIVE THE HOLY GHOST. GOD WILL LIVE IN YOU AND CHANGE YOUR LIFE. THE WORD WILL COME AND YOU BOOK YOU. AMEN. YOU'LL WALK IN POWER. YOU'LL HAVE OVERCOMING POWER. YOU'LL HAVE VICTORY. AMEN. You will have victory to stand on every neck of the enemy. &gt;&gt; I've seen it happen. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Since 2007. &gt;&gt; That's a while now. I'm getting a bit long in the tooth. It works and it holds and it keeps. &gt;&gt; Amen. Because God said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And if Christ is your absolute, you're tied to him in that manner. No matter what anybody says, how hard the persecution gets, how bad the storm seems to be, how it looks impossible for it to happen, if something has if something has happened in you that Christ becomes your absolute, or any promise in the Bible becomes your absolute. If you're sick and you're praying for healing and something be becomes to that, strike that promise in the Bible, I've got it. then there's nothing gonna wave it from you. Why? Because he's your absolute. Now, praise the Lord. I'll get to Paul. Well, let's just briefly talk about him. He had an absolute. Wasn't his learning. Wasn't a theory. It was the living God living in him. And God said, "You going to Rome?" He was going to Rome. Right after this, we read it in family prayer. Right after this, there's, I think, 40 odd uh Jewish men bound themselves under a curse. They weren't going to eat or drink till they killed Paul. So, as soon as Paul, you know, God tells Paul, "P Paul, you're going to Rome?" The devil stirs up all this trouble. Did it stop him going to Rome? Didn't stop him going to Rome. Did shipwreck stop him going to Rome? Didn't stop him going to Rome. Did getting bitten by a poisonous snake stop him going to Rome? Didn't stop him going to Rome. Cuz God said, "You're going to Rome." Amen. So, his absolute was greater than what he saw, he felt, he heard, his imagination, his reason, HIS CONSCIENCE. ANY OF THOSE THINGS. HE BROUGHT THAT ALL SUBJECT to the absolute in his life was God said, "I'm going to Rome, &gt;&gt; friends. We're going more to Italy. We're going to we're going to glory." Amen. Through this message, God says, "You're going in a rapture." Amen. Your body's going to be changed. Amen. So, what does that do? That becomes an absolute in our life. And it's not because I've said it or the prophet said it, God told you. Amen. It becomes an absolute. So, no matter what happens, I'm going to come out the other side in an immortal, eternal, glorified body. So whatever happens between there and here and there, the devil can't stop me getting there. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; So let's have the musicians today. But aren't you thankful we have an absolute &gt;&gt; the word of God living in you more than our reasoning, more than a collection of scriptures or quotes. It's the living God who makes those scriptures and quotes alive. Praise the Lord. So I put a summary in that in order to truly worship God, one must have his word as their ultimate, their absolute above everything else. That's true worship. What do you what's your ultimate in your life? It's got to be above their feelings, your reasoning, your memory, your affections, your imagination. It's got to be above all things because whatever has the final say in your life is your God. It can be you. It can be your heart, can be your feelings, can be what others say about you. But whatever has the final say in your life is what you're worshiping. I pray the Lord Jesus Christ has the final say in your life. His word rules above everything. Amen. Let's stand to our feet this morning. So I've kept you a bit today. Amen. Amen. He's a wonderful God. Like can we sing that song? He makes a way. There ain't no way. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let my Jesus change your life. I love that song. Are you past the point of weery? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? No. Change all the ceiling and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his praise is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. Let my Jesus change your life. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Wipe away the tears from broken dreams and waves and tears until the past disappear. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong things that you going to do with you. working out for you. He makes way for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. For take my cross to count. Pay the price of all my guilt. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, he makes the way where there ain't no way. He rises up from an empty grave. Ain't no sinner that he can't save. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and gracious. Jesus to do for you what he's done for me. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. My Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. My God. My God is awome. Oh yes. He's awesome. He's awome. Oh yes. He is awome. My God is awesome. Oh, he is awesome. He's awome. He's awome. My God is awesome. He can move the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Heals me when I'm broken. Strength when I've been weakened. Forever he my God is awome. Oh, he is awesome. Yes, he is awome. Oh yes, he is awome. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awesome. Oh, he is awesome. Oh yes, he is awesome. My God is awesome. Savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. My stripes on me. My God is awome. Today I am forgi I'm living and praise his holy name. My God is awome. Oh yes he is awome. He's awome. Oh yes he is awome. My God is awome. Oh yes, he is awesome. Oh yes, he is awesome. Yes, he is awesome. My God is awesome. Oh yes, he's awesome. He's awesome. Jesus is holy. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. Jesus. Jesus. He's holy. Holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy. Holy. Awesome. Great. He's great. He's great. He's great. Oh, he is awome. He is awome. Oh yes, he is awome. My God. My God is awome. Oh, he is awesome. He's awesome. He's awesome. Provider. Provider, provider, provider. Heat. Heat. deliver. He is awesome. Oh, he's awome. My God is awome. Oh, he's awome. He's awesome. He's awesome. My God is awesome. &gt;&gt; He's awesome. He's awome. He's awome. Amen. He sure is awesome. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. And if you want to be remembered, say, "Lord, I want you to be my absolute. Not my feelings, not my conscience, my reasoning, affection, memory, none of those things. Lord, I want to worship you in spirit and in truth. And almighty God, you see the hands that have been raised. Lord, I place both mine up this morning. I want you to be the one I worship, Lord. The one I bow down to, the one who has the final say in my life, in every situation. May it not be me, Lord. May it be you, dear God. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray for everyone here, Lord Jesus, that you would be their absolute Lord. Your word would be the foundation they're built upon, Lord. That is the is the thing that brings, Lord, their reasoning, Lord, that the thing that Lord controls their entire life is your word. May they not live by how they feel or what they're going through or what they see, but may they live by your word, Lord, in Jesus Christ's name. May you be the absolute in our lives. We love you, Lord. We thank you for this day, Father. We praise your holy name, Lord. And father, as you told those Joshua told those five men to stand on the necks of those kings, Lord, I believe, Lord God, we're in the season of victory where everything that's contrary to your word must be under our feet, Lord. And may it start in us, Lord Jesus. Lord, we don't want to be, Lord, we know we are our greatest enemy is us. So, Father, we want to be crucified. We want to die out to ourselves, Lord. That you can live, that you can do things we know nothing about. Thank you, Lord. We love you so much. Thank you for your blood. Thank you for your cleansing flow that makes us white as snow that makes us more like you. Bless each one here. Father, as we go our separate ways, we go out lunch and into the week, different things we're going through, be with us, Lord. Be our absolute and every everyday life in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, friends. Amen. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? Oh, we'll see. How great, how great is our God? How great is our God? How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great, how great is our God. How great is our God, how great is our God. I see how God is the name of the name. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. My God is the name above all name. He is the name of my heart. My God is the name above all name is the name worthy worthy of my How great is our God? How great is our God? How great is our God? Oh, sing with me. How great is our God. Oh, we'll see. How great how great is may God bless you with this. How great is our God? Won't you sing to me? How great is our God? All will see how great how great how great is our God. How great oh how great our God. Sing with me. How great, how God will sing. How great, how great our God, how great our God, how sing Now see, happy the name above all. He above all my heart, how great is our God is the name above all names. He's the name of your name and he's worthy of all praise and my heart. How great is our God. Sing with me without the splendor of the king. The splendor of the king clothe the majesty and all the earth rejoice and all the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light. Oh, and darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? And all will see how great how great our God, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is how God all see how great how great is our God.
