################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-19 - You Can Never Be the Same Again  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  DV Fellowship  Sunday Morning Service - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-19
Title:   You Can Never Be the Same Again || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || DV Fellowship | Sunday Morning Service
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XY9s9PkoQRA
========================================

And I won't turn back. Oh, because I want to see my Jesus. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back. Oh, because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, now I am under the road. The road that is higher than I. Oh Jehovah me. I am under the roof. Oh God tell my eneies. Oh I am under the Lord [Music] Jehovah. [Music] I am I am under the roof. [Music] Jehovah me. I am under the roof. Go tell my enemies. Tell me that I am under the ro. I am under the ro. Oh hallelujah. Higher. Will Jesus name so sweet. Emmanuel's name. Everybody join me now. Oh Jesus name. So sweet. Emmanuel's name. Oh now Jesus name. So sweet. Emmanuel's name. Oh Jesus name so sweet in my name so sweet. Give the Lord a clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Hallelujah. Do you love the Lord this morning? Amen. Why don't you say hallelujah? Amen. Oh, glory to God. Lord, we're just so happy this morning to be in his presence. Why don't we first pray? Our kind heavenly father, we come before you this morning, Lord. We are so happy in our hearts, Lord, because of your grace, because of your love, because of your loving kindness. Oh God, you're faithful and you are true. For every promise you have made in your word, you have kept and you will continue to keep, Lord. Father, we are here this morning in commemoration of your resurrection as you rose again from the dead on early Sunday morning. Father, and how the saints continued, Lord, from the book of Acts until today to gather every day, every Sunday morning in remembrance of that. And we are here also desiring that you will meet us, desiring that you'll speak to us, desiring that you would encourage us. Father, Lord, we've taken everything aside that we will be able to hear from you, Lord. We desire nothing father but your voice because your voice will deliver us. Your voice will set us free. Your voice will give us reason Lord to live so that we can be able to uh be living testimonies and and read of all men. That's what we desire this morning. Father, I pray that you bless every man, every woman, boy or girl, sister, brother, whoever is here, Father, and even those that are online or will listen to this later. I pray that you will impact each life. Father, Father, we ask these blessings in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] There is that part we did not sing fire fire follow me. Will fire fire. Hallelujah. Fire. Oh fire follow as on the day as on the day of Pentecost fire. Oh as on the day as on the day of Pentecost fire. Amen. Fire. Hallelujah. Fire, fire, fire, fire. Follow as on the day, as on the day of Pentecost. As on the day, as on the day of Pentecost, fire on me. As in the day, as the day, [Music] oh fire, flow. Sing it one more time. Fire, fire, fire. Hallelujah. Fire, fire. Oh, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire, fire. Who was on the day? On the day of Pentecost. Fire. Who was on the day? Oh. Oh yes. As on the day as the day of Pentecost fire will now have got my mind made up. Oh and I want because I see my Jesus someday. Go sing it now. I've got my mind. [Music] Oh, and I won't turn back. Oh, because I want you to see my Jesus someday. One more time. I've got love my neighbor. Oh, and I want because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, I've got my mind made up. Oh, and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. Listen to this one. Yes. Oh, I want to see. Look upon his face. You want to see him? Let us sing forever. Holy c. Amen. On the streets of glory. Let me leave my voice. All my cares are pass to have my mind up. Oh, and I won't turn back. Oh, because I want to see my Jesus. Is it your testimony this morning? Have you made up your mind? Oh, I want because I want to see my Jesus someday. Give him a clap and a shout of praise this morning. Hallelujah. [Applause] Oh, thank you Jesus. Amen. I want to greet you all in the precious name of Jesus Christ. This morning, um, we were in Mitana and brother Langa overworked himself. I don't know whether he will be able to speak. Let us test it and see. [Music] Amen. If it it doesn't work out, somebody else will help him. Let's first have our seats. I'm so happy to see Paulo. Uh, are you the first or the second? I know I met your cousin as well, so I don't know who you are. Are you the first one that I met? You're the second one. Are you the manager? No, you're the first. Okay. So his um he um his his brother his cousin brother is a manager of the of the uh his cousin brother is the manager of the washing bay where I wash my cars. So I also met him there and I invited him to church. So I'm glad that he came. God bless you Paul. Um, Mama Patricia, you have surprised us with a visit this uh this morning. God bless you so much. You are welcome. Join me to welcome her also. Amen. Amen. Sister Sister Martha, we we have been praying for you. We wish that some of us could come but uh leader is uh I think I don't know whether you were even in leader or no districts. Okay. Yes. and uh it's it's a long ways away but with you in prayers and I'm glad that uh the Lord has taken you through all the travels and everything else. Uh Sister Mul is not with us today. She um her husband and her had traveled to Ginger. So she she is in Ginger this morning. Um so they send our regards as and also some brothers are in Mitana some brethren are in Mitana in the meetings there I don't know everyone but I think brother Andrew is who came to me brother Solomon told me that there will be fellow shipping there meetings. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Are happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning. I'd like us to stand and we'll just go to the word straight away. Acts chapter 4. Can Can we do English only today? Sister Grace. Sister Martha, can we do English only today? Sister Agatha, what do you think? All right. Uh most of the people here are educated really. But uh we interpret for you to get clarity if you hear in your own language and also uh for the online audience. But I think let let us let the brother rest. I feel it is not good to strain him when he's not well. What do you think? Amen. So let us uh go to the book of Acts chapter 4 verse 13 and and see how the Lord will lead us this morning. I'm reading verses 13. Brother Seagawa, are you perfectly okay with English? No. Uganda. Okay. So, brother brother, you might want you you can sit with him. Okay. All right. And sometimes I might also go in Uganda. Okay. Chapter 4:E3. Okay. We can begin a little bit up. Acts chapter 4. Uh let us begin from five actually and then we shall end with 13. And it came to pass on their rulers and elders and scribes and Annus the high priest and Caiaphas and John and Alexander and as many as were of the kindred of the high priest were gathered together at Jerusalem. And when they had set them in the mid east, they asked, "By what power or by what name have ye done this?" Then Peter filled uh with the Holy Ghost said unto them, "Ye rulers of the people and elders of Israel, if we this day by be examined of the good deed done to the important man, by what means he is made whole, be it known unto you all, and to all the people of Israel, that by the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, whom you crucified, whom God raised from the dead, even by him does this man stand by here uh before you all. This is the stone which was set at note of you builders which is become the head of the corner. Amen. Brother Martin, can you come up here? Neither is there salvation. Now look at verse 12 and verse 13. Neither is there salvation in any other for there is none other name under heaven given among men whereby we must be saved. Now when they saw the boldness of Peter and John and perceived that they were unlanded and ignorant men, they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. Let us pray. our precious loving Jesus that the portion we have read out of the book of acts. These as we know that a prophet tells us was not just acts of the apostles but these are acts of the holy spirit in the apostles and lord I know that these acts of the holy spirit did not end with the apostles. They are continually going to be manifested among people that receive the holy spirit and those that fear and love your name and preach and speak and live in your name. Lord, we know that we also here this morning a are people that believe in your name. And we want to see the same God that these people saw. We want to see him in our midst this morning as you unveil your word as you speak to our hearts. Lord, you know our needs. We just yield ourselves to you and ask that you'll come and take complete control in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Brother Long, is brother Martin here? I had forgotten about brother Sagawa and also there's a new brother here. God bless you. Are you the brother to Paul? Oh no. Okay. I think it's a new face as well. All right. So, uh I think you can do that until brother Martin comes in. Now I want to speak on you can never be the same again. Tell your neighbor you can never be the same again. And I heard uh sister Martha uh I heard you in the testimony this morning. You you were giving a testimony about your daughter and how the Lord has been gracious and um you know to be able to receive the message player and appreciating the saints and then you said a statement said she can never be the same again. So I thought that that was a preamble of the sermon this morning. Amen. You can never be the same again. So God God already has confirmed that that's what we need to speak on. You know I was desiring and asking God what will I speak on this morning and I did not know what I will preach about and uh uh we had traveled and u but so the whole yesterday I was in the services there but I was not really there because in my mind I was traveling many kilometers to try and find out the mind of God for the service this morning. And so these words came to me in one of the services as one of the brothers ministered. that says you can never be the same again. It just came to me and stuck with me and then I went to studying and I believe that the Lord will speak to us this morning. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Now we will go and and read in shortly in Acts chapter 3 from verse one. Um but before we do that there is a quote that I want to read for you here. Brother Martin, I think um instead of the brother interpreting from the other side, his voice is gone. just come here and help from here so that uh we can all be in the same in the same accord. So I'm taking brother Martin awares but I trust that the holy spirit will will use him. Can you all pray for him? Amen. So I'll wait for you brother Martin. In the message Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today and forever. Our prophet says something here very substantial which I want to start with. We find the apostle Peter had had not enough education to sign his own name. Jesus gave him the keys to the kingdom. And he says Peter and John passing through the gate called beautiful. They perceived that they were ignorant and unlanded people. The people knew that Peter and John were not land. They were ignorant men, ignorant people, but they took heed to them knowing they had been with Jesus. And he says, "Now, of course, I want to ask you, how did they know that these men were had been with Jesus?" How did they know? It was out of the works that they were work out of the their actions. It was out of their life. You know that you know they were able like you Mr. Sega were people you know the people that knew you one year ago. They will begin to look at you gradually. They will begin to see a change and then they will know surely something has happened in your life. There is a brother in the meetings in Mitana yesterday that gave a wonderful testimony of Jesus and it was quite touching to me and how you know they were into all sorts of things in the world. how he said that how they were going to the ball games with his friends. But you see when he received the word and he received the Holy Spirit in his soul, it was the beginning of the end of that kind of lifesty. And so here they were able to see Peter and John and they were they had they had they were able to say that they had been with Jesus. And he says so that's the thing we look for today to be and to associate with Jesus. I don't know about you but that's my desire to associate with Jesus. And if you ever associate with him, [Applause] you will never be the same again. And by the way, the way that word that phrase is, the way it came to me, I'm not even saying that you will you will be the same or you might be the same. You might that you will be changed completely. Some, as we will see in the scriptures, were never changed completely. But you see, as long as they met Jesus, as long as you meet Jesus, you can never be the same again. Whether you want or you do not want, something just changes that sets you on a new cross in in your life. Let me say it changes everything and you can never be the same again. And I think I was I was listening to Billy Graham one time and and he was speaking to a million or millions of people and I think it was on that tape that I heard him say that for as long as you are hearing me today You can never be the same again. And the greatest he said the greatest mistake you have ever done is to come and listen to me speak and I believe not only Billy Graham every soul the greatest mistake they will ever do in life is to come and sit under the preaching of the word. Let me tell you, you can go under the uh the you know some inspirational speakers and maybe even maybe even forget what they ever said. You can go and sit under the teachers. Sometimes in school we have all gone through that system and you may forget what they have said. Do you remember what your P1 teacher taught you? Do you remember your sub the subjects you went through? When I begin talking about volcanist, some may not even know what some forgot about some subjects they started in school. But let me tell you, there is one encounter. There is one person that you will meet one time and you must change. You cannot remain the same and that is Jesus and Jesus on earth is represented by preachers. Whenever you sit like you are seated here this morning and we open the word and read the word and the word of God is preached. Let me tell you, you can never be the same again. Never. Tell your neighbor one more time, you can never be the same again. Come on, tell your neighbor that you can never. And he says that's the thing we are looking for today. is to be in association with Jesus. He says, "And if you ever associate with him, praise the name of the Lord." Amen. Brother Sham, if you can give me more sound here or more sound on the speaker, I don't know where, but I I need more more power, more sound. He says, "If you ever associate with him, you will never be the same again." That is true. You can never be the same person after once associated. Hallelujah. Amen. After once I'm afraid not twice, not three times. Brother Joseph he said once associating with Jesus let me tell you in life there are some associations that are very contagious [Applause] I I don't know I don't know throw the word there brother when you get it contagious I don't know how to say that in Luganda you know very contagious it kind of you know some people that you meet and you relate with and and somehow they just either waste your life. [Applause] Some of them either waste your life, others change your life for the better. Others confuse your life forever. You can meet a friend and a friend will introduce you to smoking for example and you never did know smoking you never did think about smoking but the moment you meet that friend one time and he talks to you about smoking from that moment he might mess up your life forever. That kind of friendship is a bit contagious. And I want to say this that our associations in this life are very important. Our associations in this life are very important. And here he says that when you that you can never be the same person after once associating with Jesus. Amen. The moment you associate with him, you can never be the same again. And Jesus today is here, but he's not here in a person, but he's here in the form of the word. and a man and a woman that receives the word receive the Holy Ghost. You have Jesus in you. Amen. Amen. And whenever you go and associate with people, they are not associating with you. They associating with him that you let me tell you, they can never be the same again. I was so inspired by this because I was even thinking about my own life. I'm going to give you several examples. I'm not planning to be lengthy this morning as usual. And and so I want us to look at Acts chapter 3 verse one. Just want to give you some little inspiration this morning that will encourage you to move on. Now Peter and John went up to together into the temple at the hour of prayer being the ninth hour. If you are reading the Luganda Bible, just follow me. The brother will not read just in the interest of saving on time. Amen. And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called beautiful to ask arms of them that entered into the temple who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an arms. And Peter fastening his eyes upon him with John said look on us. Follow me here now closely. Here are a people Peter and John walking by the gate called beautiful. Are you hearing me? This man had been there for years and years. This he has been in pain for many years. He had spent all his life. He was there confused. He knew nothing to do. And what he could already was to bake. because he was a lame man, he could not walk. And this man because of his situation, he thought he will never come out of it. I don't know if that lame man is here this morning. Sometimes we are in situations that have carried over been carried over and over and over. that have been from generation to generation and you've been the same. And you know when you look at your father, they were the same as you are. and you look at your grandfather the same as you are until you feel that this condition will never leave you. And quite frankly, I believe that some of us live below our pre our godly privileges, [Applause] our God-given promises. We live below them because We always look at our situation. We look at life according to the dictates of our situation. For example, right now if I asked giving an example, how many here have a dream of buying a private jet? No, not because I said it. Not not because I said it. Did you have it before? Be be honest. Okay, how many here have a dream of buying a private jet? Okay, we have only one person. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. May God grant it to you, my brother. But listen, I was just giving an example. I don't know his associations but you will find people who you've been raised in a a community and in that community. The richest is the one that had you are supposed to interpret is the one with you know the one with with a with a iron sheet you know rooftop or roofed building. Amen. And that is the richest in your community. I don't know if some of you have come out of that kind of communities. I have to type this physically so that we can be able to understand. And so your dream becomes to have a house of iron sheets. And everyone in that village will have that dream because they living according to the people they emulate. That's what everybody does actually. We live according to the people we emulate. [Applause] Amen. Oh, I want to be like that person. That's why when you go on on on social media, listen to me this morning. Or if you go on YouTube, on Twitter, on Facebook and all these social medias, the people that you are following, the things that you are feeding on, the things that you are watching, if you are watching Rihanna and she's the Beyonce and you always feed on that stuff, trust me, my sister, my brother, Your life will begin to be fashioned after her. Because she will be your example and your greatest inspiration. The things we watch or the things we read is what inspires us. We cannot live above them. You will think you you can but you cannot. You can only live according to your inspirations. [Applause] But I want to tell you something this morning that when Jesus came on earth, he came to change everything. He came to change our mindset. He came to change our dreams. He came to change the status quo everything you know he found a poor man and he told him you don't need to be poor anymore the system had told him you can be poor the system had told him you are poor the system had put him in that place but when Jesus came he came to tell him listen I come to take you out of this place to another place. Amen. Amen. Regardless of what anybody saw. And that's why Jesus was a different preacher. Jesus was not preaching according to other people's inspiration. His life was different because he was a trend setter. Hallelujah. Amen. He came to change the whole thing. Let me tell you, there are some people who cannot live out of the box. You know, you were raised in that box, you think according to what everybody does, I've heard many times even in this fellowship. Some people saying we can do it like this because even the other church did like this. Have you had such comments? Let let us do this because even so and so even but who is the other one? I don't don't have to live in their box. Hallelujah. Amen. God can completely do something new. We have to open our minds to the realities of the word of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. And so, so here we notice that here was a man for very many years. He had been sitting at that gate called beautiful and he was there. lame. He couldn't walk and as a result he became a beggar and one time some men who had Jesus Christ in them Peter and John they came his way and they were walking. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. They were walking by and they were going by their own business. Let me tell you as a believer if Jesus Christ is in you, you must be a trend setter also. You don't follow other trends because everybody is dressing. [Applause] You also begin to dress m but I'm saying you don't know. Oh my god. How many know here? How many don't? Oh, because everybody is is is is you know putting their trouser up like you also follow that because everybody's wearing mini skirts. You are also following that. You understand what I'm saying? It is a trend. Yes, I think that's a a better word. Maybe it's a trend that somebody else set and then somebody else set it and everybody follows. And do you know where those trends come from? Say they come from Hollywood and and that comes from hell. And then it goes all over the world and sweeps across the nations and the world and everybody follows that. But let me tell you, when Jesus comes in your life, when you meet him one time, hallelujah. Amen. You begin to live like a rebel. Amen. you not live according to the trends of you will do the opposite of what others are doing and they will ask you what is wrong with you and you will say I don't know I am no longer the same I met somebody who changed my life forever hallelujah amen let me tell you here these men were this man was There the priest had seen him and understood he was lame and understood he was a beggar. He had given him something. The rich man saw him. He understood he's like he gave him something. The poor man saw him. The little girl saw him. The little boy saw him. Everybody saw him. And they had pity for him. and they gave him some out. But one time he met some men that had met Jesus. These ones were not train followers. Hallelujah. They were trainers. When they met him, they told him, "How about if we change the style? Hallelujah. Amen. He said, "Give me something. Give me something." They told him, "Look, we don't have anything to give according to the old style. We have nothing to give. But here is something we have. We have a new trend. We have a new thing. We have Jesus. We have Jesus. When you meet with Jesus, you can never be the same again. And at that moment, Hallelujah. At that moment, when they looked at him, the Bible said he looked at them and they said, "In the name of Jesus, rise up and walk. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. And he took him by the right hand, lifted him up, and immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. I believe I'm like Peter and John. Hallelujah. Amen. I believe I'm like Peter and John as I'm preaching to you right now. I am taking you by the hand by the power of the word and I'm telling you, you can never be the same again. Whenever preacher comes to you to preach to you, Hallelujah. Amen. My brother, they are taking you by the hand. The power of the word, the power of the gospel cannot leave you a drunker. He cannot leave you a smoker. He cannot leave you in lust. for the things of the world, the power of the word and take you by the hand and lift you up and change your life and set you on a new train whether you like it or not. They told this man in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. [Music] And he leaping up stood up and walked and entered with them into the temple, walking and leaping, praising God. When you meet Jesus, you begin to praise God. Hallelujah. You will begin to be happy because something has happened my brother. There is power in the name of Jesus. And this is the name of Jesus. There is power in the war. Amen. And they knew that it was he which sat for arms at the beautiful gate of the temple. And they were filled with wonder and amazement at that which he that had happened to him. Hallelujah. Amen. When people see us after we have met Jesus, after we've met the word, remember Jesus is the word. When people see us after, they will see us in wonder and amazement. Wait a moment. Isn't he the one who used to sit down there? What happened to him? He was lame. How come? Wow. Two things. Wonder and amazement. People will feel the same. Isn't he the one that was a a very good fornicator? Every girl was his girlfriend. Isn't he the one? What a moment. Isn't he the one? Oh my goodness. Oh, this is what I want them to think about me. I am not afraid of the world to see me different. Isn't she the one that was using makeup? How come she's And then what's the next thing? Wow. Wow, what a wonderful thing. Wonder amazement. Wonder and amazement. Isn't he the one that used to go to witchcraft? Wow. Yes, Mother Ivan. Yeah, Brother Ivan. Let them see you in wonder and amazement. And then praise the name of the Lord. Amen. He says none of these things that you see none of these things that had been with Jesus, none of those rather none of those that had been with Jesus. None of those that had been with Jesus remained the same. It is impossible to be with Jesus and remain the same. Peter who was previously fearful is no longer the same. The only thing the devil can do is to try and hinder that encounter. Peter was originally fearful. Peter was originally a nervous man. A little girl came to him and said, "You have been with him. He said at one time Peter received the Holy Ghost. He had been with Jesus. And here is the same same man with boldness. Hallelujah. Amen. Meeting a man at the desk and told him in the name of Jesus, see the name of this is the same man. that a girl told him you have been with him Jesus. Yes. Who is he? I don't I don't Jesus I don't know him. The man was so fearful to be associated with Jesus. But one time when he received the Holy Ghost, one time he had been with Jesus from that day and became bold. I want to say he was never the same. You two can never be the same. Sister Sister Peace, Sister Peace, when you receive the Holy Ghost, You can never be the same again. Hallelujah. Amen. And that moment he was the one saying now silver and gold have I none but in the name of Jesus in the name of Jesus. Can anything good come from Nazareth? Nazareth was a very despised place by Peter here was not ashamed to associate himself in the name of Jesus of Nazareth. rise up and the only thing that the devil can do is to try and hinder this encounter, but he can't hinder it, he cannot hinder you from meeting with Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. He can only delay it. Every seed that was predestinated by God must come in contact with Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Every seed, tell your neighbor, every seed, every seed that was predestinated. Amen. We have to come in contact with Jesus. The devil cannot stop it. The devil cannot hinder it. The only thing he can isolate, but he can't stop it. He can't he can't hinder it. You must receive the Holy Ghost. You must receive the Holy Ghost. That does not mean that it is on your part to do. I'm telling you. You must receive the Holy Ghost because the devil cannot hinder him. The devil cannot stop it, sister. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. There is a power of the word. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Now, don't get tied down again by traditions. He says, "No, this is an instruction." Okay? Is from the church ages. He says, "Now, don't get tied down by traditions. and CRs and organizations. This end message has come to call us out of tradition. This message came to call us to come out of human creed out of dogmas to come out of men's organization. If it was a political move, we would be the independent. We are not we are not we are not. Hallelujah. Amen. Independent. Hallelujah. Amen. We are independent. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Amen. Let the devil take that. Hallelujah. Amen. Independent. We are independent. We have our bishop. Hallelujah. Amen. We are independent. inependent. We are independent who is amen. We are not bound with the organization churchal church not bound by churches. We are released. We have the message from set us free. Hallelujah. Amen. When you meet him, you can never be the same again. Amen. He says, "Don't be led astray by listening to those that deny the power of the word. You know there are many people who say they believe in the word. As long as you believe the word, you are going to the rapture. No, that's a lie. The devil believes the word. Did you know? Did you know that number one believer is the devil? Did you know that he believed before you did? That's why he's a deceiver. Because he believes, but he's deceiving people not to believe. The devil's deceived the Catholic church. The Bible says, "You believe there is one God." Do you believe it? You believe there is one God here. what I'm saying. Okay. You believe there is one God. The devil believes that too and trembles. He believes it and tremble. He believes in one God. The devil is not a twin believer. He doesn't believe the trinity of God. He doesn't believe it. And yet he has deceived them to believe. The devil believes. It's not only believing. I'm telling you, it's not only believing. After believing, then you should not deny the power of the word. I wish I had a more voice to shout. You shouldn't believe in the power of the word. You should disbelieve in the power of the word. The word has power. And the name of Jesus has power to change a sinner to a sinner, to change a drunker to a sober man, to change a fornicator to a man that will live for the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I said hallelujah. Amen. That means praise our God. This is our team. We don't have moneyu. There's been a lot of money going on in Manchester, Liverpool and Liverpool. I don't know which teams you people are supporting, but those ones are for the world. We have another team and this is our believer's team and we are here to support our team. Do I have supporters this morning? supporters of the team and the way we support our team. When a preacher says hallelujah, we shout back, "Amen." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. You are even free to run around. You even free to clap your hands because this is our only thing. If the word does not have power to ignite your soul and make you feel like shouting, then to you it has no power. Yes, sir. Amen. Even to the person that is so silent and so quiet when they hear the word and have a seat of God in there. But my God, it makes them even old men. How many have seen old men jumping up and dancing under the power of the influence of the word on the day of Pentecost? They say these men are not drunk. The others say they drunk. But Peter said they are not drunk with wine. But the world saw them as drunkards. Brother, sister, brother, sister, until we behave like they did, we have not reached at Pentecost to the extent where the world questions, are they drunkards? Who are those people that meet in that room causing too much commotion? And are they okay? Are they nuts? Yes, they are drunkards. Drunkards of the Holy Spirit. I imagine Mary, the mother of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory to God. Amen. She was there in the upper room. But when Mary was there in the upper room, you know what she did? Paul The Bible says she was speaking in tongues, shouting and dancing. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. So what is happening? What's going on? Are they crazy? No. They are speaking in tongues. They are dancing in the spirit because the power of the Holy Ghost has come in their soul. And when you meet Jesus, you can never be the same again. Amen. Don't be led astray by listening to those that deny the power of the word and deny that same Jesus and they deny and they say Jesus doesn't save that he doesn't heal. He doesn't fill with the Holy Ghost and power but we believe Jesus saves. There is power in the word. Come on help me to preach this today. There is power in the word. We believe Jesus saves. Jesus heals. Jesus fills with the Holy Ghost. Jesus filled with power. And he says you are God's free men. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. I am not bound. I am not bound by religion. I am not bound by culture. I am not bound by all these associations of the world. I am not bound by politics. I am not bound by the lusts of the things of the world. I am not bound. I am a free man. I am not even a mug. I am not a I am God is free man. Amen. I have been set free from the bondages of Egypt. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. The devil doesn't believe it. But I believe it. Hallelujah. Amen. And to prove that Wherever you go in the world, the believers behave the same way. So you see, it's not a cultural thing. Germans are very quiet people. But let them receive the Holy Ghost. Oh my God. They begin jumping jumping up, shouting and they believe in the power of God and healing and signs and wonders. You are God is free man. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Come here little boy. Hallelujah. Amen. Come here. Today we're going to preach. Here is what the devil has done. That's that's how the how the that's how the prisoners behave. You handcuff them, they are fighting, but I have nothing to die. I have to handcuff him. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. You will forgive me. You see, this is what the devil has done. This is what the devil has done. But here is what the message is saying. You are God is a free man. Loosed by his own blood. We are loosed. At first we've been bound like this. Hallelujah. Amen. We've been bound by tradition, by religion. You find somebody fighting for his Catholic religion, fighting for Anglican religion, fighting for his Adventism, fighting for his Islam, fighting for his. In this message, we have been set free from the bondage of religion. We are none of them. We have come out of religion. We have been lu. Amen. What is your religion? I am a Christian. If the devil doesn't like it, you can really go to hell. That is where it belongs. And here we are being bound by culture. You know where do you come from brother? I come from Torah. You are children of who? For us. I will find out. You will find out. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. You know for us the children of Nambi the way we do our things brother for us we are children of Nambi we are bound. That's right. You are bound. Hallelujah. Amen. You are bound. Hallelujah. Amen. You are bound. You are bound. Christian, the message is telling us we were released of Jesus. You find them when they're going to bury. They they put some things in the make some you find where they're going to where they're going for all the things. These are the things I'm talking about. Those are the things of the people in the world. You find them. They going them. They do many rituals. Brothers and sisters, deliver all the things which had bound us. Hallelujah. Amen. You find them. When it says I belong to Democratic party, when you hear me mentioning I'm from DP, you better run. For me, I belong to NRM. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We had gone to somewhere and we were quite some respectable people there. I will not say some could be watching the service. I noticed that right there different political parties and some of them were believers. When this person came representing another party, he was almost slapped away. This is have no place here. And you find believers fasting and fighting all those against fasting and fighting because of all those things they are bound. Friends, when you receive the message, it has to set you free from the party. If you want to go and vote, it's your right as a citizen. Vote whoever you want. Don't let politics enter your head. whereby it now makes you you use it as a filter. You see who is intelligent and who is dumb, who stupid, who is good or who is bad. That's a filter of politics. But God has given us another filter. The blood of Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. When you see people through that filter, you can even come to your brother. You voted who you voted. So what about you? You voted. Okay. But me, brother. Okay. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Where do you find that in the world? Are these people nuts? Are they crazy? Different political parties and they enjoying one another before we are anything. We are God is free man. Hallelujah. Amen. Everything we see it through that filter. Which church do you attend? May I go to victory center? Are those people of that sight? God has set us free. The bride goes where the word is. Hallelujah. Amen. Tell somebody you have been set free. God, if you have not been set free, God is setting you free. Now, as I said, God has set you free. Hallelujah. Amen. How are you feeling when you don't you don't have to you feeling good since you are now? Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you little boy. Thank you for preaching with me today. Let me hope you will not hurt me. I tied him too long. Listen church. I use a little boy as an example. He's there helpless. I'm bigger than him. He's smaller than me. I'm wiser than him. And that's what the devil makes us feel. No, he's not wiser than us. He that was in Solomon is in us. We are wiser. He that was in Solomon is in us. Hallelujah. Amen. His name is Jesus. Yes. When Jesus Christ is in you, who is he? He is the word of the hour. And when he's in you, he has set you free. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let us see two more examples and then I'll go on on this, you know, long long. But let's let's go to John 5:1. John chapter one, chapter 5, five. After this there was a feast of the Jews and and Jesus went up to Jerusalem. Now there is at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is called in the Hebrew tongue batha having five portions. In these lay a great multitude of important folk of blind halt withered waiting for the moving of the water. And the angel went down at a certain season into the pool and troubled the water. Whosoever then first after the troubling of the water, stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. And a certain man was there which had an infirmity 30 and 8 years. Now when Jesus saw him lie and knew that he had been now a long time in that case he said unto him wilt thou be made whole I don't know how many here I've been in a very long time in a certain situation you've been sick for so long the question Jesus is asking you a Maybe a spiritual sickness maybe will thou be made whole. The impotent man answered him, "Sir, I have no man. When the water is troubled to put me into the pool, and while I am coming, another stepeth down before me." Jesus said unto him, "Rise, take up thy bed and walk. Brother, read for me from verse 6 to verse 8. Wednesday. Oh my goodness. When I read this, I I was just really so touched last night. Now listen, here is a man who has been situation for longer time than you people have lived on earth 38 years. 38 years. 38 years. The man was on lying on a pallet. See, when you meet Jesus, you can never be the same again. And when Jesus Christ came, he came straight to this man for 38 years. The devil could still not stop Jesus to come. The devil cannot stop Jesus from finding his last seat wherever they are. They might even be in a bus somewhere. They might be lying in a palace somewhere spiritually or physically in a situation been going all over them. Jesus come. He comes straight at them. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, glory to God. Jesus came to them and he asked him, prayed to him. I want you to think about it for a moment. There were many others in that place. For many years, Jesus did not go to them. Jesus went to him. There is a reason. Jesus came to you. There is a reason Jesus came to me and the reason is not a secret. I know he came to me because I was in his mind before the foundation of the world and I am here to fulfill the purpose God has purposed for me. And because he came to me, hallelujah. Amen. I can never be the same again. You can never be the same again because he has come to you and he came to this man and asked him said, "Will that be made whole?" But the mind of the man was too long on his problem that he did not see him who was talking to him. I hope your situation is not too bad and not with you too long. Sometimes when Jesus speaks to you by the word, you can see who is speaking to you. like ah that is we know him. He's our pastor. He lives there. He does this on Monday. He does this on Jesus. This man was looking at this man speaking to him. And he thought he's just a man after all. He has two feet like I do. He has two eyes like I do, hair like I do. What is so special about him? He's a man after all. He's asking me, "Can I be made whole?" And and Jesus answered, the man answered and said, "What are you talking about? I've been here for 38 years and whenever the water is troubled, you know, I have nobody to carry me and throw me in there." And so I I I'm always here. I've been here. There's nothing I can do about it. There's nothing I can do about it. Don't listen to that voice of the devil that tells you there is nothing you can do about your situation. There is nothing you can do about it without Jesus. But when Jesus shows up, when Jesus comes, you can never be the same again. Hey, I wish there would have been somebody ran to this man told him, "Sir, it is Jesus speaking to you, but this man was lying on a pilot and he did not understand that this one that is speaking to you, he's the author of life." He can change the unchanged things. He can rewrite his life. He can remove some things and he can put some things. He doesn't even need a troubled water because he is the one that was troubling the water. Somebody ought to have told this man, you don't need a troubled water because the one that troubles the water is right before you. Hallelujah. Amen. He is here to come and trouble the water for you. Somebody told that man, Hallelujah. Amen. He is standing right before you. When it comes to you, my brother, you can never be the same again. I don't care whether you're poor. I don't care whether you are sick. I don't care whether you're blind. I don't care whether you can't see or you can't talk, you can't hear, your situation is so bad. Your family and have no food in a bad situation. You have no tition fees. You have no husband. You know you are you you are suffering. All that is nothing to the one that troubles the water. He is the one that troubles the water. Hallelujah. Amen. They did not need the man did not need that troubled water. He now needed the one that troubled the water. He had come. He had come to show him I am the one that was troubling the water. I am going to trouble the water for you. But before I do it, what do you think about it? What do you think about it? Why say do you believe you can be made whole? Oh my. If this man had revelation, he would have said trouble the water for me so that you can throw me inside. He can trouble the water for him and throw him inside. Amen. This man did not know that this was the water troubler. Amen. Woo! Hallelujah. Amen. Let us follow the story a little bit longer. Sir, I have no one to throw me inside. And immediately the man was made whole. When Jesus told him, Jesus told him, Jesus told him, go tell your neighbor, Jesus told him. Come on, you can preach with me for a few moments. Tell your neighbor Jesus told him. Well, I can't hear you preaching until I hear you preaching, then I'll continue. And Jesus told him, "Oh my God, I want to hear these words." Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And Jesus said unto him, "Oh my God." [Music] Jesus said unto him, "Rise, brother, before the next step." Before the next step, you have to rise. Rise out of your doubts. Rise out of your disappointments. Rise out of your problems. Rise out of your trials. Rise out of your suffering. Rise out of your self-pity. Rise out of your failures. Come on, church. Rise. Jesus told the man, "Rise." The man would have said, "How can I rise for I am bound? I am bound for 38 years. Jesus doesn't care because he is the water troubler. When the water troubler tells you rise, don't tell him it is too hard. Don't tell him I cannot rise and you tell him how many years you've been like that. When he tells you rise, brother, sister, rise, brother, sister, don't put it through your head. Don't put it through your mind. You just put it in your heart. I believe it. You said he said it. I believe it. God settles it for me. And Jesus told a man, rise. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you ready for the next stage? When you arise in faith when you arise in faith, then come the next stage. Rise, take up thy bed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. He said, "Rise." God bless you. Rise. Take up thy bed. Take up thy bed. What is your bed? The one that you slept for 38 years. Your bed of impossibilities. You have been sleeping on it. Your bed of failure. You are bed of distress. Come on. I'm preaching to the believers now. You have been on that bed. You are bed of worry. A bed of depression. You are bed of questions. Your bed of fear. Your bed that you have been sleeping on. When you rise, Jesus told him, "Take up your bed. Take up your bed. Don't just touch your bed. Don't just touch it. Take it up. Take up your bed. Take up your bed." Can you imagine? Jesus is telling a man a man who was sick, sick with pulsy for 38 years. Come on, guys. Take up your pain. Take up your bed. How many here are going to take up their bed? Says, "My fear, I will never sleep on it again. I will never sleep on it again. I'm going to carry it. Listen, we're not just carrying it. You're not just carrying it. There is only another state. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's only another state. After you take your bed, he said, "Rise, take up your bed and walk." Hallelujah. Amen. Where are you walking to? You are following Jesus. Where are you walking to? You are walking by faith. You are walking by faith. You may feel depressed. You may feel in sin, so deep in sin. But this morning, God who is rich in mercy, he has passed by your way. I is saying to you, rise, take up thy bed. And how many are walking here today? How many are walking out of their province? How many are walking out of their trials? Come on, walk. Don't stay in one's place. When Jericho was falling down, they walked. They walked around the walls of Jericho around the walls of Jericho. And they were shouting, the shout of the king, the shout of victory. I said, "Take up thy bed and walk. [Applause] Amen. And immediately the man immediately somebody right now is going to be set free from sin. Amen. It could be me. It could be you. It could be any believer says immediately. Immediately. Tell somebody immediately. Not tomorrow. Not after the service. Not when they singing the last song. Immediately. Immediately. The man was made whole. Hallelujah. And he took up his bed and walked. Amen. And walked. And walked. What is your bed today? When Jesus comes your way, you can never be the same again. If you believe it, shout amen. If your amen doesn't scare the devil, then I don't think it is an amen. Brother Joseph, your amen must scare the devil in hell. So what happened? Did I just say amen to the world? Yes. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And that day was Sabbath. The Jews therefore said unto him, Amen. Amen. For just one moment, you can be seated. The Jews therefore said unto him that was cured, they said to him that was cured. It is the Sabbath day. Brother, you are breaking church order. Church order. What is all these things now? It is a church service. You are carrying chairs. People are running around. Oh my spirit. I hope there is no we are all believers. Are we not? The Jews say therefore the Jews said unto him that was cured. It is Sabbath day. It is not lawful. for thee to carry thy bed. Hallelujah. Amen. It is not lawful for you to carry your bed. They couldn't understand with what knowledge he was doing what he was doing. They were Pharisees. A Pharisee can only think like a Pharisee. But I believe is free and open-minded. God can do anything. Anything anywhere. He makes the lame to walk again, the blind to see to hear. Oh God, he can do. How many believe that? So he that was cured, they told him, "It is not lawful for you to carry your." He answered them and said, "I love this answer." When I was studying, it made me crazy. They he answered them and said, "He that made me whole, oh you, the same said to me, take up thy bed and walk. Why are you behaving like you doing? He told me that made me whole. The same spoke to me and said, "Take up your bed and walk. Why are you no longer wearing many skirts?" He that made me the said to me, take up your bed and walk. So where are your minis? I am carrying them to throw them to Jesus in turn is restoring my feet. Why are you no longer fornicating with girls but with? He that made me whole. The same said to me, take up your bed and walk. Why are you doing this, brother? He that made me whole. Have you ever seen a terrorist? A terrorist. They will ask him a question. Which is your next target? And his answer will be death to this nation. Glory to my country. Where is your next target? Speak death to this nation. Glory to my country. They bring something. What is your next target? Death to this nation. Glory to my God. Until the man is killed. But some of us, we don't want to behave like good Christian terrorist to the devil. A good Christian is a terrorist to the devil. Terrorist the kingdom of darkness. A terrorist to the kingdom of darkness. Do I have some terrorists here today? Why are you no longer behaving like this? He that made me whole. The same said unto me, take your bed and why are you doing this? Because the word said so. That's what the man was trying to say. Because Jesus said so. Because Jesus said so. You mean you are doing it because you were told to do so? Are you not crazy? No, I am doing it because I have an assurance that I am. I am no longer the same again. And therefore, I can do whatever this man tells me to do. Hallelujah. Amen. Whatever the word says, you believe and do you believe and do not debating, no questioning, no doubting. Does the word say it? Oh, I believe it. That settles it for me. And finally, then asked they him, "What man is he that say to thee, take up thy bed and walk? What man is he?" The devil can't understand which God is he that makes you behave unreasonable unreasonable. Which God is he that is making you stop wearing trousers? You young lady, which God is he that makes you stop wearing your trousers. Sister peace, they will ask you, which God is he? Tell us, who is he? Tell me to stop wearing trouser. Who is he? The same that made me. Which God is he? Brother that makes you stop marrying more women. Which God? Which God is he? Brother Martin makes you love your wife so much, brother Seagawa. Brother, which God is he? Tell us. They ask the man that makes you stop going around. Which God? [Music] Which God is he? We don't understand. We also have a God. We also believe. We are also Bible followers. So who is your God? And we conclude with this man's answer. And he that was healed did not know who it was. So you mean to tell me you are doing things and believing things that were told to you by a god you have never seen. You people are nuts. What's wrong with you? What? What? What? What kind of clothes does he wear? The man did not know who it was. He had never met him. For Jesus had conveyed himself away. A multitude being in that place. Sorry. A multitude were in the place. There were many people in the place. And I tell you what, friends, as I as I finish, I've not finished my sermon, but I want to finish. I don't think I've ever finished my sermons, but I just finish anyhow. So, I want you to listen to me. The God we are serving, we may not see him with a physical eye. Are you hearing me? We may not see him. We may not feel him. But one thing that we know when he comes to us, we can never remind us. Hallelujah. Amen. This man, his life changed once. The moment he met Jesus Christ, let us stand on our feet. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. You that died and rose again. You that we've spoken about today, we know you alive, Lord Jesus. We know you are here, Lord Jesus. Father Lord, you are still doing the same thing. Father Lord, there many here, oh God, who might be like this man for so long. They've been in situation, they feel they can't come out of it. But you've spoken them to them today. You told them to rise, take up th their bed and walk. Oh Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. The trials are so many, Lord Jesus. I can't even walk without you holding my hand. Same for my sister, my brother. Help them Lord Jesus to walk in this Christian way. Oh God, help us father. Why don't you just talk to him now? Still under the influence of the word you have heard and sincerely go to him in prayer for you and talk to him in a way that he can understand you. Tell him your heart. Tell him your desire. Come on church. speak to him by the sound of your own mouth. What is this that you're feeling in your heart? Is the power of the word is the power of Jesus Christ. The power of the name of Jesus. A change is going on in your soul. A change is going on in your life. You're rising now. You are rising now. You are taking up your bed and you're beginning to walk now by faith, by prayer. You're beginning to walk. You're walking out of your fears. You're walking out of your troubles. You are walking out of your sickness. Come on, church. Walk by prayer. Walk by prayer right now. Oh yes. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. Oh yes, Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Woo! Hallelujah. [Music] Praise God. [Music] Come Get up. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] Put it on your target. [Music] Be behold, what a manner, oh man, is this who steals the raging sea. He heals the sick, the lame, the whole, and makes the blind a see. He opens all the prison on doors and sets the captives free. Behold, what a manner man is this. What a manner. Oh man is he. He's the Lord of glory. Oh, he's the great I am. Hallelujah. He's the alpha and omega. The beginning and the end. Help me. Let us sing it now. Let us glorify and praise the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Help us now. Oh everlasting father. [Music] Oh, what a manner of mighty is this who spake to the woman of the whale. Who everlasting life I will give to thee far richer that man can take and whosoever shall drink or the whale shall live eternally. Behold what a manner man is he. What a man. Oh man. Everybody now is the Lord all glory. He's the great I am holy alpha and omega. The beginning of the end. His name is wonderful. Hallelujah. Here's the everlasting everlasting father. Listen to this now. Behold, what a man who man is this who speaks to the lamb. He says, "Thy sins be forgiven thee. Take up thy bed and walk. He stands as the mighty and now and Christ come to me." Hey, what a man. What might is this? What a man. What a man. Amen. Is the Lord your glory is the great. Hallelujah. The beginning [Music] his name is wonderful [Music] everlasting father throughout eternity. Amen. Oh behold what man who man is this who stands between God and man. Glory. His eyes as a flame of fire. His fire is in his hand. So he in the seven church judges as the sun is pretty. [Music] Come on. Put a dance to it now. The Lord of glory. Great is the great I am the omega for the beginning of the earth. His name is wonderful. Oh yesing father will be. Oh, what a man. Who might is this? Oh, s on his heavenly throne. Amen. He rules and reign of heaven above. He love and he's the lion tribe of Judah, the root of David is the holy one. What a man. Amazing. Come on, praise the Lord. The Lord of glory. Amen. Is the great [Music] name is wonderful. Praise your mercy. Oh, the everlasting father through our one more time is the Lord of glory. I am omega. His name is wonderful. [Music] Amen. The everlasting father throughout. Give him a clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] How many are going never to be the same again? Amen. Let me sing one more song where oh there are people almost everywhere whose hearts are all a flame with a fire that fell at Pentecost which cleans and made them clean. Will he burn now within my heart. All glory to his name. Amen. I'm so glad that I can sing. Come on, church. We one of them. Hallelujah. One of them. Well, aren't you glad? I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. We're one of them. [Music] One of them. Aren't you glad I can say I'm worth all these people can be no worthy folk in Jesus name. Amen. is I'm so glad I'm open. Come on. Hallelujah. We glory to God. I'm so glad that I [Music] open. We are to God. They say now they were in your room. They were baptized. Hallelujah. Now that day he will do for you. I'm so glad that I can say one of them. Oh, hallelujah. One of them. [Music] I'm so glad that I [Music] opened. Well, I'm well. Aren't you glad? I'm so glad. I don't say I'm one of them. Now come my receive this blessing your name in my heart. Glory to his name. Hallelujah. One of them. Oh, what a day. God, I'm so glad I can see. Well, I can see one of them. One of them. Glory to God. I'm so glad. I can say I'm one of I'm one of the [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Come on, brother. Amen. You say, "How many can join me in that version?" One more time. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Father Lord, as your people are going to go, Lord, I want to commit them into your hands. [Music] Father Lord, may you grant them your grace throughout this week. Oh God, may they meet you, Jesus. May it never be the same again. Go with them at their places of God. Go with them at their homes. Go with them when they meet friends. Go with them everywhere they go. Oh Lord, let your spirit continue to guide them each step. Bless them, Father. And even those who are online and even those who shall stream the service afterward, just bless each of them, Father. And may this service be a blessing, Lord, in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. There's a song that says, "Everywhere I go, I want the world to know Jesus Christ never fails me yet." Can we sing that as we dismiss? Turn to your neighbor. Tell them God bless you. Tell them I love you in Jesus name. God bless you. Amen. Oh, he never fails me yet. He never fails me yet. Well, Jesus Christ. See you on Wednesday 5:00 p.m. on a group everywhere I go. I wonder what you know. Jesus Christ never fail. Hallelujah. Never fail. Come on, sing it if you can now. Never fail me. Jesus Christ never found me. There's one thing I know. Everywhere I look, Jesus Christ never felt me at has never felt me edge. Never felt me edge. Jesus Christ never fell near me. There's one thing I know everywhere I go. Jesus Christ never felt me yet. has never felt me yet. Never felt me yet. Jesus Christ never felt me yet. There's one thing I know. Everywhere I look, disaster has never fed me up. Never f me up. Never f me. Jesus Christ. Never f me. Never f me. never felt me yet. Jesus Christ has never felt me yet. [Music] What a prayer just love of Jesus. I with my ransom soul. More and more I'll sing his praises where we have the edges rious [Music] love of Jesus. Now it's roof.
