################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 25-0702E Our True Origin Pt-7; The Overcomers 2  Bro Busobozi Talemwa - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   25-0702E Our True Origin Pt-7; The Overcomers 2 || Bro Busobozi Talemwa
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N0JlZlZTPik
========================================

Whatever may pass and whatever lies before me and he keeps singing till the evening comes. Bless the Lord of my soul, oh my soul, and worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul and worship his holy name. Your reaching love and your soul to them. Your name is praise and your heart is kind. Oh all your goodness I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to [Music] the Lord. Oh my soul my soul and worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul and worship is all name. I know that day when my drink be [Music] and the time has come. Till my soul will sing your praise unend me. 10,000 years and forever more and is the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh my soul and my sheep is holy name. [Music] Sing like never before. Oh my soul and worship is all in your name. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord of my soul, my soul and worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul and worship your hope in name. [Music] Your reach in love and your soul to hand. Your name is great and your heart is kind. For your goodness, I will keep on singing. 10,000 Jesus for my heart to the Lord. Oh my soul, my soul and worshiping me. Sing like never before. Oh my soul and worship your home with me. We pray heavenly father we come before you once again king of kings. Oh father with our hearts full of joy. Heavenly king of kings filled with praise. Heavenly father how we adore you father how we love you heavenly king of kings. Father, Lord, you've been so good to us. Heavenly Father, loving us, you've done what no man can do in our lives. Heavenly King of Kings. Oh father, we love you, Lord Father, because you first loved us. Heavenly King of Kings, Lord Father, Lord Father, we love you, Lord, because you chose us, Lord Father, to be your own heavenly king of kings, Lord Father, in a place where the world cannot see it. Heavenly Father, but Lord Father, you chose us Lord to be able to witness Lord Father of your mighty name, heavenly king of kings in this age, heavenly father. That is such a marvelous grace, heavenly father that we didn't deserve heavenly king of kings, Lord Father. But Lord Father, we want to thank you, Lord Father, for the blood that you shed on Calvary, heavenly father. And that is the reason that we are standing, Lord Father, in your presence this evening, heavenly father. We come before you Lord Father that you may p our hearts heavenly father of error and the king of things father we pray Lord father that you may take away Lord Father any sin Lord Father from our lives heavenly father that you may cleanse us heavenly father we are we are surrendering each and everything Lord Father into that bleach heavenly father into that bleach father that was shed on the cross of Calvary in the holy name of Jesus oh father may you come and cleanse us heavenly father to our worship Lord Father may rise to you Lord Father Heavenly King of Kings. Lord Father, we present our hearts, heavenly father, in sincerity, Lord Father, this moment, Heavenly Father. And Lord Father, we believe, Lord Father, that is what makes a difference, Lord Father, in our worship. Heavenly Father, we pray, Lord Father, may your spirit come and move among the stars. Lord Father, may you come, Lord Father, and anoint the song leader. Heavenly Father, this evening, heavenly father, may you, Lord Father, come and lead, Lord, the service. Heavenly Father, Lord Father, may you anoint the preacher Lord this evening. Heavenly Father, Lord Father, for we believe that is you that give that gives him utterance. Heavenly Father, King of Kings, we pray, Lord Father, and Lord Father, come and bless each and every member of this congregation. Heavenly Father, satisfy their souls, Lord Father, with their soul's desires. Heavenly Father and Lord Father we know Lord Father that when you come down heavenly father nothing remains the same heavenly father may Lord Father receive a testimony Lord Father from this service heavenly father loving father may we all have a testimony Lord Father of how of how our lives have been changed heavenly father as you speak to us heavenly father may we father not leave this place the same father but may we live changed Lord Father improved and better citizens father your kingdom Heavenly Father, may you father grant it to us. Holy Father, in the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we believe and pray. Amen. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hands. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will see all the goodness of God. I love you Lord for your mercy never fails me. [Music] All my days I'm held in your hands. [Music] From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head, I will see of the goodness you go. For it all my life. For all my life you have been faith. for it. All my life you have been so so good. In every breath that I am, I'll sing. I'll be sing for it. All my life [Music] you have been faithful in all my life. You have been so so good. Every breath that I am able, I see how you see the goodness. [Music] I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In darkest times, you are close like no other. I've known you as a father. I only was afraid and I have the goodness of God. For it all my life, all my life you are faith for it all my life. [Music] All good [Music] in every breath that I am. Oh, I'll see you ever for it all my life. Oh, for it all my life. [Music] So good. Every breath that I have made, I will see. [Music] Oh, the goodness of God. I love your voice. You have led me through the fire in darkest nights. You were close like no other. I known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have live in the goodness of God. I love your voice. I love your voice. [Music] You let me through the fire in darkest night. You close like no other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend. And I have nothing else for it all my life. [Music] Oh, for it all my life. We are so so good. In every breath that I am, I would see the goodness of all. [Music] Your goodness is running out. It's running out of me. Your goodness is running out. It's running out to me. With my life laid down, I surrender now. I'll give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Your goodness is running after. It's running after me. Oh, will with my laid out. I surrender now. I give you everything. [Music] Your goodness is running out. It's running after me. For it all my life. [Music] Oh, for it all my life. [Music] It's so good in every way that I am. I see the goodness of Lord. Lord, I need you. Oh, I need you every hour. I need you. My one defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you, Lord. I need you. Oh, I need you every hour. I need you. My one defense, my rightousness. Oh God, I need you. [Applause] Lord, I come. I confess with you I find my way without you. [Music] Oh, I need you. Oh, I need you. Every hour I need you. I want defense. Oh Lord, I want you. I am free. [Music] Without you I fall about Jesus Christ. Oh I need you. Oh, I need you. Every hour I need you. My one defense, my rightousness. Oh God, how I need you. Lord, I need you. Oh, I need Oh, I need you every hour. I need you. My defense, my rightousness. Oh God, I need you. And as we take prayer this evening, I need your touch. I [Music] need your time. Once again, I need your touch on [Music] again. I need your time. Your answer. I need you, Lord. I need your touch. [Music] Once again, I need your touch again. Tell him now I need your time once again. I need your touch. Oh, I need you, Lord. I need your touch [Music] once again. [Music] I need your touch. Oh, once again, Lord, revive me, oh Lord, on again. Divide me, oh Lord. Oh, [Music] I need you, Lord. I need your touch. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. I need your touch. Oh, I Oh, I need you. I need your touch. I need you [Music] again. [Music] I need your time. Oh, oh, heal me once, Lord. Heal me, oh Lord. Heal me, Lord. Why? [Music] Heal me, oh Lord. I need you, Lord. Oh, I need you. I need your time again. [Music] I need your time. Oh, I speak to the Lord this evening. Speak to him. Tell him about your wish is [Music] Father. Father, Father, Father, we worship you. Father, Master Father, there is nothing Father worship. King of things you pray. Lord Father, may your spirit father come speak to us. Lord Father, spirit father, some of us, Father, broke Father. Some are hungering, oh Father, for being filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord Father will be father [Music] you give to us father love you father give us all the power father to come against each snares of the evil father love and mercy will be pure father to open our eyes this moment he father come and open our eyes heaven father us know father what we've not known King of Father as we worship your holy name Father your holy spirit father come to us father come father come father revive us fatherus name father we praise you Worship God. [Music] As we welcome our master this evening, [Music] here the Lord of our sweetly calling who will go and work for me today. Who will bring to me the lost and I? [Music] Who will born them to the now? [Music] Speak my own. Speak, my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. [Music] Speak and I will answer. Lord, send me as our pastor comes. And the call of fire touch the pro making him as pure and pure could be. When the voice of God said to go for us, then he answered [Music] will be my ro be my Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. [Music] Well, speak and I will answer. Lord, send me one more time. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll answer. Lord, save me. [Music] Let us pray. Loving Jesus, we want to thank you so much. Lift up your holy name Lord. The name of Jesus which is the name above every name. We glorify you Lord for what you have done for what you are doing and what you will do in our lives. Father as we have reported in your house to have fellowship one with another and most importantly to have fellowship with you around your word. Father I ask that the Holy Spirit will come. Amen. And uh speak to us and reveal your word to us. Lord, may we, oh God, tonight by the end of the service be able to say that into our hearts, burn within us as he spoke to us. Father, this is my desire, Lord, that you will come and visit each and every one of us, Lord, and and and give us more and more revelation, Lord. Father Lord, I know that we have different needs uh in our hearts, Lord, in our physical lives, in our spiritual lives. But Lord, I know that you're Jehovah Gyra, the provider of every need. May you come, Lord, and provide to each of us, Father. Those who need comforting, may you comfort them, Father. We remember Brother Martin who traveled, Lord, to go and be with a uh with a family, Lord, that has lost a loved one. Lord, we we remember all these needs before you, oh God. just come and have your way. And even brother Wanga who is uh unwell and part of his family, not well in the body, Lord, I pray that oh God, you remember them, oh God, and touch them, oh father, with your mighty hand. And may you revive them, Lord, that they may be able to continue serving you, Father, we commit this service into your hands as we go into your word now that you come and minister to us, Lord. I pray in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, God bless you, saints. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Is Is the Lord been good to you? Oh, brother Jeremiah, I'm happy to see you. God bless you. I was just thinking about you the other day and oh, my brother back there. I was just thinking about and actually I was talking to brother Mulanda and I was asking him how are those brothers? Uh, is that your name right Jeremiah? You know, you've been you've not been here for quite a long time and I've even forgotten your I think your name is brother David, right? Yes, I got it finally. Well, uh I I you know it's I think it's been more than a month and you know so but um it's good to be in the house of the Lord with all of you together once again. Amen. Thank you musicians. God bless you so much. Uh shall we turn to our Bibles tonight? I think we can go without interpretation. It will also help us to save on time. And I also think everybody who is here really can hear English. Amen. Please don't go be be behind the pillars. We have some free chairs here on Wednesday. I would not want to see people behind the pillars because we usually have a lot of uh free chairs. If you know I can't see you then uh it's good that you come and brother Solomon just just come. I don't know why we fear where the fire is. We should always come close to the fire unless you are a deacon or something or you know working in the other department. Uh it's always good you just come and sit close. Amen. Uh we are going to the book of revelation tonight chapter 3. Uh Amen. Now we are going to read on on uh we are going to read what we read on Sunday and uh but we are going to emphasize verses 19 22 that is chapter 3 of the book of revelation but I'm going to read from verses one so that those of you who perhaps missed something can be able to get it in the service tonight. And unto the angel of the church in Sardis, write these things, saith he that has the seven spirits of God, and the seven stars. I know thy works, that thou hast a name, that thou livest and are dead. Be watchful and strengthen the things which remain. Am I reading the correct portion? I think I'm reading uh I'm reading from verses one. This is Sadis. I wanted to to read the one that the portion that speaks about u uh Ladi. I think we begin from verses 14. Excuse me. Yeah. Just just flip your page and go to verses 14. And unto the angel of the church of the Ladysians, write these things saith the Amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot, I would thou what? Cold or hot. So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I would spew thee out of my mouth. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods, and have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. I counseel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with eyes of that thou mayest see as I may as many as I love I rebuke and chesten be zealous therefore and repent. Behold I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. Amen. We should be able to say amen to that. To him that overcomemeth will I grant to seat with me in my throne. Even as I also overcame, even as I also overcame and sat and I'm sat down with my father in his throne. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. Amen. and you may be seated. May the Lord add bless you to the reading of the word tonight. Now before we go into the word, I just wanted to let you know brother we um brother Martin went to represent us uh in Mitana. I was meant to go but I because I we had already scheduled that I would be the one speaking today. I could not we could not make a last minute rush hour decision. Uh but there is a a sister probably many of you don't know her. Her name is Bera sister. She she got married to some brother in Mukono but uh you know she was staying with with uh we was we were in the same church at that time in Mitana and I think she she was like a sister to uh uh sister Winnie the wife to brother Martin. Uh so she lost her father a father who had recently I'm told but pastor Leo informed me that he had shortly uh believed just a while um a few maybe a few months I'm not too sure for how long but he had just believed the message and now he has passed passed on. So um we there's several of us who came from Mana really we know that family very well and uh so someone had to really go and represent us. So brother Martin traveled there uh to go for the barrier and also brother Luanga informed me that he's is not well in the body remember him in prayers we have already prayed for him here and also his family uh I think two of his children are also sick uh we just remember them in prayer so this evening we just want to go uh um it's like a continuation I know many who are not here and are following I I really believe that I want to believe that if you are missing church and you are not in church on a weekday fellowship, you always either stream. If you are in a place, maybe you are working and you cannot stream the service, then you should listen to eat afterwards. Um because really we are not just entertaining ourselves but we are feeding on something which is preparing us for something. So you do not want to be left behind. If you are left behind on the word, I'm sure you'll be left behind when the when the change of the body comes. So you don't want to be left behind. You always want to be with those that are prepared to go. Brother Samuel, I'm happy to see you tonight. So um uh this this evening I just want to uh go to the maybe uh for those on the media department just wanted to mention it. This is just a part two of the sermon on on Sunday. So maybe the overcomers part two. I'm still on the series of the original our true origin. And there's quite a lot of things to talk about. Some brothers and sisters, especially brothers who have some time with me uh in the office, we always get a little deeper and we discuss a few things in the word. I'm telling you, the word is sweet. Whe if you make it a custom to feed on the word, to just feed on the word, to listen to the message or read it. Some are good at reading, others are poor at reading, but they are good at listening. And uh on Sunday I know I mentioned about you know the table software but we also have other softwares like uh the the message hub where you have this message translated into other languages. I think it covers most of our languages here including Luganda, Atesseso, um you know Caramo Jong if you you know you have to you want to carong we also have it there and we have a lot of languages really on the message hub that you some only the text but some also have like Uganda has the audio translation and you can be able to listen to those things cuz this this message was not stored for some do you know that message uh rather Pentecostal people also listen to this message. How many knew that? Yeah, many listen to this message. And the only the only difference between us and them is that when they after they listen to the message, they do not tell their congregation the source of what they are saying. So they they when they speak what they are saying their congregation will be like ah our apostle our pastor or whoever has a big revelation but really when you if you listen to them and you you you you a message reader you can know where the source is. Yeah. And so the the difference with between those preachers and and the message preachers is uh we uh tell you the source. We read for you from the source. Not only that, we encourage you to go to the source and dip your weak. You dip your weak into the source and also feed by yourselves directly. And so I tell you, a believer who reads the message can never be the same with the one who doesn't read the message. It can it can never be you have if you read the message or you feed on the on the word of God you study the Bible you study the message every day of your life you will realize that there is a certain level of growth and maturity that you will be able to get to so I'm going to encourage you to do this and I will know I know I'm already getting a few testimonies of brothers sisters who get into some messages and they call me when they're very excited oh pastor I was reading this one can you imagine and then maybe they have a question out of I I I love such kind of conversations, you know, whereby brother Marvin will meet uh uh brother David and uh you know they are not talking about anything but they're talking about the word. You know how sweet it is you know you meet one another in your homes instead of you know going into gossip so and so did this and so and so did not do that. You you begin going into the word either so and so meet sister so and so and then you begin you know talking about what have you been reading. You know these days whenever I meet I meet some brothers I ask them what what have you been feeding on recently and then they begin to tell me oh then I also bring something and then we begin enjoying and then I also tell them what I've been feeding on. I I think we need to make it like a custom. Yeah. We need to make it like a custom. And I'm telling you the bride is getting ready to go. I believe you are one of those getting ready to go. Praise the name of the Lord. I know the devil has wanted to make it like uh uh you know to try and and and bring down the value of the message and uh try to make some believers actually hate listening to the message. How the devil is very cunning I tell you very very cunning. You know how he's doing it? The way he's doing it is he's going is um he anointed some people to try and and say we no longer need preachers on the pullpit to preach. All we need is uh to play the tape. So come to church and let and only hear the tape being played. Uh that's all we need to do. If anybody's preaching they are wrong. Now when you when people who are not very well established in the truth get to hear that they get offended not at the person saying that but at the message itself and then they they they eventually begin to draw away their attention from the word and they think all they need is the five-fold ministry. But I want you to know the five-fold ministry has no new message. The five-fold ministry, the preachers, the pastors, the evangelists, the prophets, the the the uh you know the the pastors, you know, all all these preachers are only saying what the messenger of our day is saying. So we are not preaching another message or a new message. It's the same message you see. But we are quoting and that's why we quote for you. That's why we, you know, even the revelation we have. Yes, I know that it's progressive revelation. God continues to power new revelation. Even on the same thing, new revelation keeps coming. But I tell you, it's not going to be a higher revelation. It's going to be a deeper revelation, but not a higher revelation because we have received a the highest revelation in our age. There is no more uh uh revelations on the same things that God has revealed in our day. We know for example if it is revelation on baptism in the name of our lord Jesus Christ we cannot get a higher revelation than that it's the highest revelation but you see we can the way you get into the scriptures if you feed on the word you know the way you get into them and the way you explaining it actually you begin to see it better if you study the word and if you hear a preacher preaching it you know it used to be that many many I realized that many when the message had just come many people were actually preaching the oneness uh uh a a a perspective on the Godhead and on baptism. You see, if they get to think that, oh, you know, Jesus is the father, Jesus is the son, Jesus is the holy spirit. We know that's not true. But many looked at it that way, right? Because we know that Jesus is the son. How many believe that? But we also know he is the son of God means flesh of God. You see, he had the fullness of godhead bodily. It dwelt in him. So we know that Jesus Christ is God in flesh. John chapter 1 vers 1. And so there are many many things that I would love to talk to you about but let's just get into the word for tonight so that we save on time. Now um we are speaking on the overcomers if you if you realize and it's going to be a little a little Bible study and I want to take you a little slow with with um with it so that you don't get to miss. If you have your your your Bible and a pen you can underline some of these things. I'm going to outline uh or highlight for you. If you look at the book of Revelation chapter 1 um vers chapter one okay chapter one mainly chapter 1 chapter 2 and chapter 3. Okay. These first uh chapters of the book of revelation are really introducing or talking about the seven church ages. It is speaking about the seven church ages. Uh we know that Jesus Christ has one church. How many churches does he have? One church. And that's the church uh is not a building. It's not a denomination. That church is not even a group of people in one place. It is the mystical body of Jesus Christ. is the body of Christ all over the world. You see, but you know those who are in Christ, that's the church of Jesus Christ. It's all over the world. But we see it is symbolized in the book of Revelation especially in chapter if you look at chapter chapter one I believe it is. Let's look at the verses um vers 12. May the Lord help us to see some of these things that I want to talk about today. Verses 12, it says, "And I turned to see the voice that spake with me and being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks." Now this, before I continue, these candlesticks here represent the church. You know, it is seven candlesticks, but remember the church is one. So I can say here it represents seven churches. Now these are not seven churches. It is the same church but in seven ages. That's why we call it seven church ages. Right from the very first one, when was the first church? H it was when the disciples of Jesus Christ were here on earth after the ascension of Jesus Christ into heaven. Now that started the church dispensation when the Holy Ghost fell. That started the very first church age. It started the first church dispensation. We we know of course the church at Ephesus started in Acts chapter 19 when uh uh Paul had now the gospel had now gone among the Gentiles and Paul baptized the very first uh uh Gentiles and um we see that at Ephesas that's where they were baptized and the gentile church really starts there but you see okay we'll come back to that and then verses 13 it says and in the midst of the seven candlesticks One like unto the son of man clothed with a garment down to the foot and gut about the ps with a gold and god. All these things have a s a symbolic and we can explain them. His head and his hairs were like wool as white as snow and his eyes were as as a flame of fire and his feet like uh like unto fine brass. And as they burned in a furnace, and sorry, as if they burned in a furnace, and his voice as the sound of many waters, and in his right hand were seven stars, and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword, and his countenance was in the sun was as the sun shineth in the in his strength. And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his right hand upon me, saying unto me, fear not. I am the first and I am the last. I am he that liveth and was dead and behold I am alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of hell and death. We have talked about that so many times in this series. Write the things which thou so uh which thou has seen and the things which are and the things which shall be here in hereafter. That's how we are able to know that whatever he's going to talk about now, it was not happening at that time only. It was happening and it was going to happen after that time. So this was a a prophetic vision that that that that John saw. It was talking of the future including it was talking about our generation, our age, our time. Praise the name of the Lord. So the mystery of the seven stars. Okay, are you following me now? So in other words, what what John was seeing in this vision was uh uh was things of the future. It was talking of things which was going to come in the future. And what are they? These the things he's talking about here are the stars. The things he's talking about here are the candlesticks. These were things of the future. The stars are meaning Okay. All right. We'll get to it first. the mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my in my right hand and the seven golden candlesticks. The seven stars are the angels of the seven churches and the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. Praise the name of the Lord. So now you can see here that um and I'm not talking about really the church ages today, but I just wanted to give you a little background for you to understand, you know, what we're talking about. So now we see here that uh John is in a vision. remember his is thrown at the island or the aisle of Patmos and here he was all by himself. Of course they they threw him there to die. This was a very dangerous island where they only throw people who they don't know what to do with them. Remember they had already boiled him in oil and he could not burn and now they threw him to this island to die. But you know uh they did not know that this man was in another dimension. That's why I was telling you that a believer, a true believer of the word is actually you you get to a place whereby you get into another dimension. And when you are in that dimension, the devil can do nothing against you. You are protected. You are sealed. Hallelujah. You are sealed away from every hand and every power of darkness. And here when John was in that place, he was he says, "I was in the Lord's day." H when he was on the island and he dreams and he says, "I was on the Lord's day." What is the Lord this day? It means he was in the spirit. He was in the spirit. Everything he saw that that that you know is contained in this uh book of revelation, he saw it in the spirit on the Lord's day. But this was something which took more than 3 years. He saw it over three years. But he says it was the Lord's day. So you see what is the Lord's day? The Lord's day is not just the seventh day which is Sabbath. The true Sabbath of a believer is the Holy Spirit. When you are in the spirit, when you receive the Holy Ghost, then you are you have arrived in the Lord's day and you have received your rest. So here John was now in the Lord's day and and and you know he begins to see all these things and part of what he saw he saw uh seven candlesticks. I wish I I um I did not prepare the pictures. I did not know that I would talk about this but um you know he saw seven candlesticks. Sometimes it is good people for you to see things visual makes more sense. So he saw a seven golden candlestick and then he saw one in the middle of the candlestick and in his right hand were seven stars. And then the interpretation is the seven candlesticks are the churches. The seven stars are the angels. Now we know an angel means a messenger. It could be an earthly messenger or a heavenly messenger with wings. But because these are earthly churches on earth, these must be earthly angels, not with wings, but prophets, men on earth that God would use. So here are seven ages, right from the very first one called Ephesus up to the last one called Ladyia. And in every age, God will send a messenger with a message. Now, which age are we living in? Now we are living in the very last age. And this age is called ladisa. Every age has it had its problems. But you know one thing that I wanted you to look at when he reaches the age of he says I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door I will come into him and will s with him and he with me. Meaning with Ladyia God was kicked out of the church. You know and this is the condition of our generation really. People don't have time for God. No time for God in homes. No time for God in families. No time for God in churches. But we have time for entertainment. We have time for, you know, games. We have time for, you know, movies. We have time for, you know, that's why I was telling you, brother, study the word. Eat the book. Eat the book. Eat the book. Tell your neighbor, eat the book. But we don't have time for God. He's kicked out. It is so boring. You know you talk about the word maybe it is exciting when the person is talking about it but when you are reading it by yourself it is so boring. Why the hearts of people no longer have that hunger. They no longer have that thirst for the word. Let us be sincere level. Let us put it down on your level. Do you listen to the message? Do you read the Bible? Do you do you eat the book? If you don't, it means you don't have the hunger. You don't have the thirst. How many had lunch today? The only reason why you had lunch is because you had hunger for it. If you didn't have lunch, I want to believe it is because you didn't hunger. You do not have hunger. Maybe you had a heavy breakfast. You see, the only reason why we eat is because we have hunger. But if you don't have hunger, you can't eat. But there are two reasons why you will not have hunger. is because you are full or or you are sick. That's the only reason. Either you are sick. The moment someone becomes sick, they lose appetite. And the moment they the sickness has has lifted, oh, then they would say, "Oh, I want to eat. Is there some food in the pot?" We have many Christians who are sick. There is no appetite for the word. There is no appetite. There is no thirst for for the things of God. There is no thirst to pray. There is no hunger to read to feed on the word. Why? Because you know they're dry. The world has dried them up. And you know until God says, "I am on the outside of your hearts and I'm knocking." Our generation Jesus Christ is on the outside of the church. He's not on the inside. And he's on the outside and he's knocking and he's saying, "Who will open for me?" But he says, "If you open for me, I will come in." Amen. And I will enter in and I will s together with you. Hallelujah. Oh, may God help us that we may open for him. We may allow him to come in. Hallelujah. And he says, "When I come in, I'm going to eat with you." Amen. Let me tell you, when you begin, Amen. When Christ is on the throne of your heart and you begin feeding on the word, there is some joy that comes in your heart. Amen. You do it with revelation. There is some happiness that you have. Amen. You get excited about the word. Whenever you read it, you get excited. Amen. Whenever you talk about it, you get excited. Why? Because there is stimulation of revelation that comes with it. Praise the name of the Lord. You see, he says, "I am at the door and I'm knocking. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and I will s with him and he with me. And then he says to him that overcomemeth. Now if you notice, excuse me, in every age, right from the first one, excuse me, right from the first one in Ephes Chapter 2, he says, uh, look at those, um, okay, read verses seven and see what he says. He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches. Okay, have you seen that? To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the tree of life which is in the midst of the paradise of God. I wish I had time to talk about each of them but I just want to show you there's something I'm trying to show you here. And then you go to Sana is vers uh 11. It says he that has an ear let him hear what the spirit say unto the churches. He that overcomemeth shall not be heart of the second death. Amen. You know what the second death is if you you you've read the book of revelation before. All right. Now that's the destruction of the souls. So now when you go to Pamos vers um uh I want to believe vers 11. He says, "To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the hidden manner, and he will give him a white stone, and in the stone a new name written, which no man knoweth, saving he that receiveth it." Thotira. Okay. When you go to Thotira and then you you you you read verses 29, he says um um uh all right, verses 26. But he that overcomemeth and keepeth my works unto the end, to him will I give power over the nations, and he shall rule them with a rod of iron, and as the vessels of a potter shall they broke, shall they be broken to shivers, even as I received of my father. I will give him the morning star. Now when you go to Sardis, he says, "He that overcometh," that's chapter 3:5, "the shall be closed in white rimmen, and I will not blot out his name out of the book of life, but I will confess his name before my father and before his angels." You go to Philadelphia on verses um on vers 12. He um that him that overcometh will I make a pillar in the temple of my God. And he shall go on it shall go no more out. And I will write upon him the name of my God and the name of of the city of my God which is the new Jerusalem which cometh down and out of heaven from my God. and I will write upon him my new name. Amen. These are all promises. Now when you come to the last age, which is our age, our time, praise the name of the Lord. What does he say to him that overcometh will I grant to seat with me in my throne? Just before he said that, he said, I am outside of the door and I'm knocking. Any man that opens for me, I will come in. Meaning meaning to be able to have oh my God to have the ability to open for him is overcoming. Amen. Not everybody can open for him. Many think they have open for Christ. You ask them do you be say well I'm a believer. I'm a Christian. But no they are not. How do you know? You will know them by their fruits. You know them by their life. Not by their testimony but by their life. The word of their testimony is the blood of the lamb. Let me tell you the Bible says and they overcame by the word of their testimony. But the word of their testimony, the word of our testimony is the blood of the lamb. And what shows that we we have received the blood, the blood, the token, Amen. has been applied upon our lives. What shows? The only thing that shows, Amen, is the change of our life. Amen. Us no longer be being able to live like the world. You see, he says to him that overcomemeth will I grant to sit with me in my throne. Now the last age which is the end of all ages by the way there is no more age after this. Let me say it again. There is no more age after this. So I don't know what you are doing my brother my sister if I were you. Amen. Which I am not. I myself. But I will tell you I am preparing myself for the coming of the Lord. Amen. Because I know this is the very last age. No more time. Amen. Time is no longer. No more time. This is the very last age. The bride ought to be ready. We have to be ready. Let Let me let us go back to the foundations of what we believe. Amen. It's a getting ready time. Are you ready for the coming of the Lord? Oh, if the Lord should come tonight. Are you ready? Am I ready? Yes. We can do all the things we are doing. We can build homes. We can plant, you know, our bananas. We can um, you know, collect money for our church land. But I tell you, brother, amen. It doesn't mean we don't believe. we are believing is coming tomorrow. But doesn't mean that we are not going to collect money to do this and that. We're not going to build. We are not. We will do all that. He will find us with a zeal to serve him. When he comes, you will find us doing everything we have to do. He will find us winning a soul. Amen. And trying to encourage a brother, sister who is lost. He will find us on our post of duties. And uh you know to him that overcometh I will grant to sit with me in my throne. Those who are going to overcome in our age are going to be those that will take the throne with him. So, we're going to be rulers. Rulers together with him. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. My my I can't wait for that time, my brother. I can't wait for that time, my sister. Now, how do we overcome is the question because we're talking about the overcomers. How do we overcome? This is a very very very important a very by the way it's a very important subject in our time brother can you give us um a a quote from church age we read this portion okay I think we finished with this quote on Sunday and I want to begin with it um so that you see some very very interesting ing things here and brother Shim I hope I will be able to get to those quotes that we talked about the other day he says in his own personal life now this is talking is is just a quote I'm I'm I'm quoting out of that and just follow follow closely brother if you have the words put it up if you don't and I know you'll get it soon but um before he does just follow me brothers and uh I wish brother Isaac you were able also to put up for the people who are online it's usually good if they can read then they can follow easily in his own personal life. Now, speaking of the life of Christ, contending with himself, he overcame by obedience to the word of God. Meaning Jesus, you know, Jesus was our example. Amen. He came and he was a man like you. He was a human being like you and I. But when he was on earth, he too had to overcome. But how did he overcome? He overcame before he overcame, the Bible says he was contending with himself. You know he had his own will. He didn't want to die. There is this thing he desired to do but there is this thing that he wanted to do. You understand? So it's a contion. We are fighting every day. Brother, it's not an easy journey. But I tell you what, there is a group going to overcome. In every generation is already prophesied. It's already done deal. Amen. In every generation there is a group of overcomers. There is also a group of those who cannot overcome. But Amen. I believe I am part of those who are going to overcome in my generation. Amen. Amen. If we are going to overcome, it means there is a battle, there is a contending to do. There is a fighting to do. Even Apostle Paul said, "Oh, what I don't want to do, I find myself doing." Meaning there was a contention, a battle, a war going on within him, brother. But let me tell you, no matter what happens, we must overcome. Amen. Amen. And Jesus, how did he overcome? Now, I want us to see how Jesus overcame. He overcame by obedience to the word of God. Amen. A believer will not overcome only by prayer or by, you know, laying on of hands or by this and that. Let me tell you, brother, what you need to do is to obey the word of God. But how can you obey what you don't know? You see now do you see where we are going you can't obey what you don't know these people came up and they asked Jesus they said master of course on the mount of transfiguration they said why did the scribes say that Elias will come first they say Elias shall first come now remember they have seen Moses they have seen Elijah and they have seen Jesus being transfigured together with them in the cloud. Then they received the revelation, this is the Messiah, but it was written in Malachi 4 that before the Messiah comes, Elijah shall do what? Shall come first. Now they have seen, they have known, they have received the revelation that Jesus is the what? The Messiah. So they were confused. Why did Malachi say Elijah will come first or rather Elijah shall come first? But Jesus knew what they were talking about. Are you following me? He knew what they were talking about. He knew scripture. Jesus never sat in any class. You don't need to sit in a class to know how to read a Bible. Brother, if you have the spirit of Christ in you, he will drive you into the word. We have even seen people who have never gone to school, but somehow they receive divine ability to read the Bible. I tell you what, the word of God has a supernatural something over it. And Jesus quoted the scripture. He told him, "Yes, Elias shall truly first come and restore all things. Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. But I say unto you, Elias has come already." And they knew him not. And they did to him whatsoever they listed. Hey, Jesus spoke of Malachi chapter 4 and divided it into two portions. He knew the word and he knew how to rightly divide the word of truth. My my my. And then one day he's in the temple. He's in the temple and they bring the Bible. The the priest brings a book and puts it before him. He was supposed to read it. You remember what happened? He took the book and he opened. He knew what he was looking for. Chronicles. No. Until he reached where? Isaiah. And he went to chapter 61. He knew what he was looking for. He knew the word, right? And he read, "The spirit of the Lord God is upon me. He has anointed me. Listen, he read word for word and he even knew what time he was in. Vers two continues and says this, to declare the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God and to comfort all that mourn. But Jesus reached the place where it said to declare the acceptable year of the Lord. He stopped there. He closed the book because he knew the first coming, his first coming, that time that is the only portion which was supposed to be fulfilled. And the other portion, yes, was for the Messiah him, but not that time. It was for the second coming. When he closed the book, what did he say? This day is this scripture fulfilled in your heart. Meaning what you have heard me read only is fulfilled. Not what Jeremiah said but the only not what Isaiah said but only the portion which you have heard me read. Hallelujah. So Jesus even knew the scripture that spoke of him. And then one day he came and he said is there any man here who can condemn me of sin? Oh, I wish you got it. You'd be shouting right now. Is there any man here who can condemn me of sin? What was he meaning? Is there any man here who can condemn me of not believing the word? Meaning, I have believed every word. I have confessed every word. I have lived every word that is written about me in my time. I have lived it. I have believed it. No man can judge me of that. And the disciples of John, they came and said, "Hey, he has sent us to ask whether you are the one or we should wait for another." He said, "I want to waste your time." Amen. He went and began doing miracles and opened the eyes of the blind and said, "Go and tell him what you have seen and heard." Meaning, I am here to fulfill. Amen. To obey every word of my day. Hallelujah. They went back and they told the people what they had seen, John, what they had seen and heard. Of course, John would just know yes, he's the one and he must have died in peace knowing he had done his part. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's give him a clap of praise right now. Now, I want you to see this part. Brother Bam says he overcame. How did he overcome? He overcame by obeying the obedience to the word of God. So, friends, I want to encourage you. Let's learn the word. Let's read the word. Let's feed on the word. Let us know the prophecies about our time. Let us know the promises of our time. Let us know. Amen. Our rights in the word of God. If we don't know, things will happen and they you can't interpret it. You can't interpret. The Pentecostals will be the one who's interpreting for you or some of these nominal Christians and their interpretations of the word is always false. So you need to know what you are talking about. You need to Amen. And the only way you can be able to know is by getting God's interpretation. Amos 3:7. How does God interpret his word? How does interpret his word? By the prophets. Amen. And so you need to get to know who is the prophet in our generation. Who is the prophet in our generation? And what did he say about this? Amen. But how can you know without reading it? Get into the message. Feed on the word, my brother, my sister. Amen. On Sunday, I'm I'm going to take it a little higher. We're going to go into some things which will make you understand why I have to keep on saying get into the message, read the message, feed on the word. On Sunday, we you get ready for that. Now, look at Hebrews. It says here in Hebrews 5:7, it says, "Who in the days of his flesh, when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying and tears unto him, that was able to save him from death, and was heard in that he feared. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered." and being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all of them that obey him. Amen. So in other words, even all those who obey him, who is he? He is the word of God. So all those that obey the word of God, he is the author of their eternal salvation. There is no way you can perish if you obey him. There's no way you can perish if you obey the word. What was he obedient to? He was obedient to the word of God. The Bible says he he he learned did you get that portion? He says what did he say? He says he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And then the question is what was he obedient to? He learned obedience to the word by the things he suffered. So suffering in this present time has a portion to help you come into a place of obedience to the word. That's why God doesn't just give us everything we want or everything we need. He leaves us a portion of suffering, a portion that we are going to go through. And then you know instead of asking questions and backsliding, it is going to propel us into a place of obeying what God said. Amen. Amen. Now it says now then there will not be one person who will sit in the throne of the Lord Jesus. Now I read this on Sunday and some people like ah but let me do it again. There will not be one person who will sit in the throne of the Lord Jesus Christ unless he has been leaving that word. Now you can't sit there unless you obey the word. But how can you obey the word you don't know? Which means if you don't believe the word, if you don't know the word, you can't believe the word and you can't obey the word. Which means you won't sit on the throne. which means you can't overcome. So what am I trying to say? Feed on the word my brother. Tell your neighbor, feed on the word. Feed on the word. Amen. He says it will be granted. H No, no, no, no, now this is a portion that you people need to really hear carefully. your prayers and I believe in prayers but he says your prayers your fastings h your repentances no matter what you present to God none of that will gain you the privilege of sitting in that throne you see the Pentecostals they don't know that God has already answered the prayers they are praying they are praying for a revival they are fasting for revival. They go on prayer mountains for days and days, nights and nights, sometime 40 nights, sometimes 30 nights, sometimes very long time. And what are they praying for? They are praying for a a revival which will sweep the world. But we have had a prophet in our day. Amen. And they rejected him. But you know, God has used him to bring the revival they're looking for. What is this end time revival? This end time revival is a revival of the people of the open book. Listen, it's a revival that will amen make the people get restored back again to the foundations of the of the apostolic faith. It's the revival of the people who will receive the full word of God. This revival is here. And the bride for her to receive a revival, she would have to obey every word. She have to obey every word. And there is something I'm coming to. May God help you to say it. And you know, brother Bam said, "America is done. It is over." He said when they reject whenever God brings a wave of a move of God in power and the people reject it, God leaves them and he moves away. And even a nation when a nation rejects the revival that God has brought, that nation dies, God moves away. That's what happened in in in in in in Europe. when they rejected the revival, the nation died. God moved away. Go and see what's happening in Europe now in UK and some of these other places. This is where Christianity came from. Huh? You read about the missionaries. But these churches which were big and large is now being turned into bars. The revival is over. God is no longer moving in those places. You go to you you you you go to a Russia, same thing. You go to America, but the Bam said the revival in America is dead. It's over. God is done with America. No revival. People no longer have the love of the word. People no longer thirst for the things of God. They don't even have time to sit down and hear the word. You can only find a few here and there. Believers of this message who are still on fire for God. Otherwise, what they have turned it into it has become. That's why you know all these people you know you know I don't want to mention names but all these people you know they kind of now are trying to devise a new way of keeping the people coming to church. So they will find some sensational songs which will make people jump and they have you know tried to devise some new dances to make people you know get excited so that they don't have a feeling that they in church they have a feeling they in a bar so they will come to church but it's no longer about Jesus Christ. is about themselves and the flesh. It's about excitement and emotional uh uh you know things. But the revival there is dead. And now I want to say it's going back to Israel. It's going back to Israel. Right here in Africa, we still have grace. We still have a chance that we are seeing many many getting saved here and there. But I tell you worldwide, the revival is dead. It's only the bride getting revived. And the only thing that is reviving us brother is the opening of the word is us knowing what time we are living in and what God is doing in our generation. You see what the people call a web of God or revival is not what God thinks it is. You see they're praying for revival but revival is here. They are praying for God to move in power. But God is already moving in power among his body, preparing them for the change of body. That is the greatest thing that will ever happen to the earth. All the other disciples, all the other believers have been looking forward to the to to a time when they will change to be translated into another body which can never die again. That time has never come. That time has never come. But we are living in that time. We are living in a time when we are going to receive to see the change of our bodies. Friends, I believe some of us will not be dead when that thing happens. Amen. That's the real revival. Amen. The thing which will bring about that. What is that thing? It is the word. Amen. And see, he says it will be granted. You see, you can't sit on that throne. He says only by uh praying, fasting or repentances. Mm- You cannot no matter what you present to God, it cannot do. None of that will gain the privilege you the privilege of sitting in that throne. It will be granted only to the word bride. Are you getting it friends? Amen. See, the other Sunday when I said, excuse me, when I say that uh it's not time of of healings, miracles, and signs and wonders, I did not mean to say we don't believe in those things. You see, the true revival will always be followed by that. Wherever God is, there is supernatural power and manifestations of the spirit. You cannot believe God and deny that. We don't believe that days of miracles is passed. No, we believe that we are in the days of miracles. But you see friends, what I want to show you is that the real revival of the bride is that u uh what what is written in the book of Mark chapter uh uh Mark chapter 16. It says uh uh that go in the world preach the gospel to every he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth what? The word shall be and his signs shall follow them. Who? The believers of the word. Does it mean signs will not be among those who don't believe the word? They will be because the rain falls on the just and the unjust. That's why your point of focus should not be the signs or the wonders. Your point of focus should be whether you are believing the word. Whether you are the word bride. Be sure of who you are. And how can you be sure? Feed on the word. Are you following me now? As the throne of the king is shared with the queen because she is united to him. So only they who are of that word even as he is of that word will share that throne. Remember, we have shown clearly all through the ages that even as Adam and Eve fell because they left the word and right now I've I've been reading this, but the Holy Spirit has been speaking something else and and and he has not stopped. So, let me say it. See, when I say the bride of that word, it doesn't mean miracles are not there. I want to emphasize that the bride of that word is Queen Esther. You remember how she came? You know, everybody wanted something extra, something extra, some gift from the king, some gift from the king. So they can look beautiful, they can look pleasant, they can look exciting, they can look, you know, but when it come on the town of Esther, she said, "I want nothing else." Everything that I needed. Amen. The chamber line gave me, you know, the king had assigned a chamber line for them. But the chamber line is the is is the angel, is the messenger. And God has sent the message of our generation with a word that we need to meet the king. So now here it is. Esther said, "Everything I have needed, I I I desired, I have received. Now the only thing that I now need is to see the king. That's all I need. I want to see the king." And they said, "All right. All right." Everybody else had received things, but the king never liked them. But when it came on the turn of Esther, Amen. Because our desire was the word. The king is the word. The king is the Lord. The king is the Oh, hallelujah. And now when she walked to him and what happened? The king saw her. And when the king saw her, the king saw himself reflected in Esther. A man is who who who he marries. A woman reflects the ambition of the man. So now when the king saw Esther, he saw he all his ambitions reflected in her. He said, "Ah, this one is my queen from today." Amen. Amen. I'll tell you something. When the king chose the queen, the others, he did not reject them. They were somewhere in the kingdom. They were they were now uh uh uh what's the word? Conubines. They were now consubines, right? They had had an an experience with the king, but they had never gotten into that place where they can be called a queen, the wife of the king. So, they were pushed to stay aside. They were told now you can go and stay in your houses of the concubines. And in the houses of the country, do you know the only thing that entertained them? Gifts from the king. Gifts from the king. The only thing they had was gifts. The only thing they desired was gifts. The only thing they could receive was gifts. But they cannot receive the king himself or any part of the kingdom. Does it mean Esther only had the king? Yes. But if you only have the king, you have all the gifts of the king. Amen. And when she came in one time, she came in, you know, in a place where she was not invited. Brother, let me tell you, you don't need to wait for any invitation to come and feed on the word. Amen. When you come to the word, if you are the word bride, you cannot be denied. Amen. You come into the Holy of Holies, you cannot be denied. Even on the rapture day, you will not be denied. Why? Because you are a part of Christ and he's a part of you. Amen. And you know, everybody thought the king is going to kill her. But what did the king say? The king looked at her and mercy filled his heart. Mercy said, "No, I cannot kill her." Why? Because she's a part of me. She's a worthy bride. The king looked at her and he raised his scepter. And when she touched it, she said, "Queen Esther, everybody shut up. Shut up. Don't tell me anything. Queen Esther, ask whatsoever you want, whatsoever you desire. Even to half of my kingdom, I will give it to you. Even to half of my kingdom, let me tell you, brother, we are going to get all the gifts plus more. We are going to have the kingdom itself." Amen. There is something I'm trying to get to. The overcomers are going to rule with him. They're going to share the kingdom with him. They're going to sit on a throne with him, the overcomers. H praise the name of the Lord. It will be granted only to the word bride. Remember, we have shown clearly all through the ages that even as Adam and Eve fell be because they left the word. So the Ephesian age fell by turning slightly from the word until with every age continuing to turn away, we have a final repudiation, a final rejection of the word by the church world system. Now in our age, we have a final rejection of the word. The denominations no longer desire the word. You will give them something in the scriptures. They would say those things have changed. We have moved. You have moved away from the word. But you see the bride is sticking closer to the word. This radician age ends in a blackout of the word thereby causing a departure of the Lord from the midst. He stands outside calling to his own who follow him by obedience to the word. After a short Oh my again on Sunday I finished here. Now I think I have about a few more minutes or maybe 20. So I'll go from here and continue a little bit. After a short and powerful demonstration of the spirit, this little hunted and persecuted group will go to be with Jesus. Now what group? The group that obeys the word. The word group. Amen. The message believing group. Amen. Amen. What will she experience? But the Bible says she will experience a short and powerful demonstration of the spirit. You know God whenever he wanted to have his people demonstrate the spirit, the power of the spirit, there was no demonstration unless there was pressure, unless there was need for it. God does not do things for a show. Forget about these things you see on television and you call that God. Forget about it. I'm not saying it is not. But I'm saying God doesn't work that way. You see that just to do it for a show. No, it's not a show. No wonder Brother Bam rejected television ministry. He said he didn't want anything for a show. There was TV at Islam, but he said, "I will not do it." He didn't even want to do anything. But God told him, "Record the sound. Let it be heard by the believers in the future. You know, because God knew you would want to hear the word in the days of the voice, the voice. So, you need to have the voice to hear what the messenger said. But you see what Laia is doing is just doing a demonstration, a demonstration to the world, for them like a public show to see the man of God, how powerful he is, how you know good he is. They will not do a miracle unless there is a camera. to watch the miracle. That's not how God operates. But you see, I'll tell you how God operates. The way God operates is when he is coming to combat a certain demonic power. When the devil rises as a flood, always the spirit of God will lift a standard to prove I am God. That's why, you know, as you see all these four horse riders coming in to to to attack the church of Jesus Christ, you know, beginning with a white horse rider to deceive the church and the persecution as we were going to I don't know if we'll get to it, you know, to see with the red horse rider, you know, and then turns on into into the the the black horse rider famine of the word and then, you know, the uh uh the pale horse rider uh which is the mixture of all these, you know, when the devil comes in like a flood like that in each of those four levels, God kept on lifting up a standard. You see, not for a public show, but for for for them to know, for the devil to know God is God and there is no one who can supersede him. His power is always the highest. So when he allows you to be persecuted, when he allows you to go through a suffering, when he allows something bad to happen is only only and only because he wants to manifest his great mover in power. Amen. He wants his name to be glorified. Therefore, what do you do as a believer? Don't be, you know, anxious for anything. The Bible says, "Be anxious for nothing." Amen. Because if God allows a bad situation to befall you, it's only because he wants his power to be made manifest in such a mighty way whereby everybody will say it is God who has done it. So you see in uh there is a man that can turn on the light. Brother Bam says when the persecution comes, don't get scared. There is a light said he would catch away his people. She will not go through the tribulation. She will never do it. He said she wouldn't. She will be caught away. He's not catching away because we are escaping. He's catching away. Let me tell you, we are not going to escape. No, no. We are going to go through it. Not the tribulation but the persecution. Amen. And we are going to overcome. How do you overcome in your Oh my God. May he reveal it to you. In your suffering, in your questioning, in your doubts, in whatever comes to you, you will not walk away from the word. You will remain faithful to the word. Your obedience to the word and suffering will show you have overcome [Music] and each of us has something to overcome which is different from another. You see because the devil squeezed you up and then you say oh I'm giving up they will give up and go away. Apostle Paul said they went away from among us because they are not a part of us. But they if they were part of us they should have stayed but when the pressure was too high too hard they walked away. Brother never walk away from the word even when the pressure is too high. Stay in the word stay in the word. That's where your refuge is. Because persecution comes. Brother Bam says don't get scared. Amen. Persecution comes in different ways but don't get scared. There is a light and that light said is he will catch his people away. Amen. Many of those who have obeyed the word even through the tribulation. Not the great tribulation but I'm talking about the persecution. But I will tell you what, the bride will not go through the tribulation. No, she will never do it. The in the unfailing words of promises says God still remains true to his word. Both heavens and earth will pass away, but my word shall not pass away. God who can create spirals who can take away tumors. He is still the same God tonight for is the same yesterday and forever. Do you believe it? What am I saying this for? That it might encourage you to believe. Now that great gift others have tried to explain and say how it was done, this can't be explained. No, no, no, no. Listen. He says just wait. It will not be in the operation so perfectly now. Wait till the council of churches brings on that persecution. That's when it will happen. Now no, brother Bam had the other gifts, the the sign in the hand, the healing ministry. You remember that the designment, but now the what he's talking about is is talking about what I I I I told you there, the manifestation of the third pool. Because the the third pool is the opening of the word. But you see when the opening of the word comes, the devil is also going to come in and try to persecute the church and try to you know remember the the the pale horse rider is a mixture of all the others. The forces of of darkness are all going to rise in our generation and the devil would try to suffocate us and squeeze us out. But then brother Bam says you see this what what happened on this phase under the re the revealing or the revelation of the word what is going to happen he called it the uh here he's talking about it as the creation of squirrels taking away of tumors just by a spoken word this is a power that was unlike all the others he said the others he explained how it works but this one he cannot explain how it works because it cannot why can why can't he explain it because Because it can only be known by who? By by who? By by to whom that has it to whom it is resident in. You know, let me tell you, I cannot explain what is in you. I cannot explain what is in me unless there is pressure to provoke it. Are you getting my point? If there is pressure to provoke what is in me, I can't tell you that I know how to shout. I can't tell you that I know how to run. I can't even explain it. But if a lion came here, you'll just see me jumping and running like nothing. It is provoked by something. So brother Bam says what what is it is persecution. Don't get scared when persecution comes. And then he said wait till the world council of churches brings on the persecution. So could there be a time? Could there be a season when the council of churches brings a persecution? What is the council of churches? Listen brother Samuel. The council of churches is the combination of all the denominations together as a bundle. They're going to come in the name of the Lord and bundle together, but they're going to persecute the bride. Persecution. I do not know. I'm not saying they're going to kill us. It may be that they will exclude us and call us tributed and call us anything and call us, you know, whatever all names they want to call us couch or whatever it is that oh these are the problem. These are the problem. But you see when that begins to happen and I tell you what, the council of churches is now tightening up. things are tightening up right now. If you see what is happening in in Rome, brother Bannon prophesied the American pope and there's many things I can talk about on this but I'm cut short by time and I don't want to get away from my notes here so so much. But you see for the first time an American pope a fully American pope would become a pope leo. If you notice you we talk about the 68 million Christians who were killed by the Roman Catholic Church. It was done under popo. The church was persecuted under a pope claiming to be you know one who is speaking on behalf of god and all these things in Vatican. And now we see that the same thing after very many years I don't know how many exactly but a pop the world the cath church now has a pope from America. And why is it significant to be a pope from America? Because revelation 13 speaks of America. The council of churches cannot come into view without America. America here is representing the the confederation of all the other churches coming together. And you see, you're going to see the connection of these two. Look away in the message. Look away to Jesus. He says, "And if Christ lives in me, the works Christ, the works of Christ you will do. It's got to be." And what is Christ? The word say, "If ye abide in me, my word in you, then ye ask what you will, it will be done." Because the word is there. Just needs the light. and the light will makes it live. So now I am going to say something to you. I'm quoting that I haven't said all along and that is the thing that we have looked forward to for so long. This is 1963 now for at least many years four or five years or maybe longer. The third pool has now been vindicated and I'm sure you know what it is. Now remember that he did not say it as vindication of the third pool is the is the speaking things into existence right creating things into by the spoken word but the third pool itself is the opening of the word are you following me now remember there will never be an impersonation of that they could impersonate the first pool the second pool these things you can find them even in the denominations the healing the the signs the miracles the wonders the resurrection of the dead and all the things right but now when it comes to the third pool. He said you can it can never be impersonated. Why? Because it is a resident thing in a believer who Amen. believes in the word. It can only be provoked. You know what the vindication of it can only be provoked by the persecution which is turned on by the forces and pressures of the world. But you see, it is only provoking something which is in you. Amen. So you can't impersonate it because it cannot be now it is in existence. Now it is in existent. This is 1963. He says it is already here. I am warned of this that soon right at this time now it's just happened. So it could identify its presence among you. See but it will not be used in a great way. This is 1963. It wouldn't be used at that time in a great way until when until this council, we already know what C is talking about, begins to tighten up. And when it does, the Pentecostals and so forth can almost impersonate anything that can be done. But when that time comes, and I want to say that time is now, we are living right in that season. He says when that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you will see. Tell your neighbor, you will see what you've seen temporarily being manifested in the fullness of his power. The bride is coming into this hour. friends, you you can stay in your, you know, milk, but I'm telling you, you better get into the meat of the word because the bride is getting into this place. And everyone knows that for a certain as the first was identified, so has the second been identified. And if you think really closely, you who are spiritual and as the Bible said here is to him that has wisdom. The third pool is properly identified. We know where it is. So the third pool is here. This will be the thing that to my opinion I don't say the Lord tells me this. He says to his opinion this will be the thing that will start the rapturing faith for the going away. There is coming a time upon this nation to where this nation is going to exercise all the power that the first beast had before it. He's talking about America exercising the first power of the first beast. The first beast is Rome. And now America exercising the power because remember it's the image to the beast. The image to the beast is the curse of churches which is represented you know in this uh revelation 13. Now he says to where this nation is going to say all power that the first beast had before it which was pagan Rome when it become papa Rome. See this nation will do that. Revelation 13 explains it plainly. received power and spoke like a dragon and exercised all the dragon power of the dragon had before him and the dragon is Rome always so don't you see Roman denomination a mark potenta denomination an image unto the beast making a power that will force all protestants like a union you will have to be into this council of churches or you won't be able to have fellowship time will come when they say no more fellowship in a in I was a pastor in Ethiopia for close to um uh you know uh 8 9 years but I had to leave and come back here. Why? Because you know you you had to be having theology certificate to be a pastor there. And now they said to the foreigners now it's coming to the locals and soon they are going to say well you need to be a member of the council of churches to run a church. So they get to close down all the other churches which are not a member of the council of churches. And let me tell you, remember this, the bride cannot join those kinds of churches because it is the image unto the beast like unto the beast. You see, you will have to be into these kinds of churches or you want to have to f to have fellowship. And that's where the persecution now begins to come in. Even here it is going to come. Even here it is going to come all over the world. This is going to be a worldwide move. Think the signs are all over us. We need to understand before the council of churches built before they even started open shop brother Bham prophesied there will be a council of churches which will be a mandate for all the denominations to join and the other denomination said ah brother Bham is joking we will not join if if it starts it started and they joined and now it is here by prophecy and he said it will be the image like unto the beast so this we are walking and living in prophecy friends. Hallelujah. All right, I have 90 minutes. I need I need I I need to close. Now he says it's practically that way. Now you can't go to a church and preach unless you have a fellowship card or some identification. And now on persons like ourselves, we are going to be cut out like that altogether. That's exactly because they they won't be able to do it. It's tightening. He says it is tightening. And then when that time comes and the and the press comes to a place where where you will be pressed out, then watch what I'm fixing to tell you in a few minutes. Watch the third pull. Then see it will be absolutely to the total lost. It will be for the bride and the church. The third pool is already here as in it is the opening of the word. But the vindication of it, brother, that's what we are entering into in this season. Listen, you see now we are closer than it seems to be. I don't know when, but it's real real close. This is 1963. How many years ago? More than almost 100 years. I may be I may be building a platform for somebody else to step on. He doesn't know. He says maybe it is in the future. And then here is what I really touched me. Listen, I'm going to read it for you. I may be taken before that time. He's not here. But he as a prophet, he saw it. He declared it. He said it. He said at that time it was vindicated so that people can know it is here. How was it vindicated? By him creating and speaking squids into existence. By him calling out a tumor and a tumor, God goes into the stomach of of his wife and a tumor disappears. by but by him you know giving fish life and he says God has already vindicated it in a short time right now just for now for us to know it is here for us to see yet but I'm telling it is coming in the future I don't know whether I would be here I may not be there at that time he's not here at this time but this is the moment it's the season we've been waiting for and he says and and and that time may be this coming week that the Holy Spirit will come and bring Jesus Christ he he may come next week he may yet he may come yet tonight I don't know when he will come he doesn't tell us that and I want to say this I've never said it before but according to scripture according to what he said 30 years ago 30 years ago 33 years ago on the river down there in 1933 rather what he said everything has happened just exactly I may not do it but this message I may not do it the prophet now is saying I may not do it but this message will introduce Jesus Christ to the world Amen. For as John the Baptist was sent to around the first coming, so is this message going to fall around the second coming. And John said, "Behold, the lamb of God that takes away the sins of the world." So you see, and I know it will. He says, "I know it will." The message will go on. The message is right here 100 years after. Still going on. God moving, God speaking, God calling, a word bride, forming into a group of overcomers. those going to overcome this year. We are going to overcome by the word. Amen. We can we can just stand and we'll continue from there on Sunday. The Lord God bless you and I pray that he makes these things real to your heart, friends. There there's a lot there's a lot more we need to get into. I just pray that you will get a hunger. Musicians can come. I pray you will get a hunger, a thirst, a desire for more of God. that that you you come to a place friend that you will walk away from all the distractions and the things that uh easily beset you. You you look to what is coming. You look to what God is putting you or taking you into. There's something boiling in this season, friends. There's something boiling in this season. God is fixing to do something in the body of believers. He's coming is not very far. But are you ready? Get yourself ready, f friend. Feed on the word. Feed on the word. There's much There's much There's much in the word that you need to get to so you can, you know, totally obey. Obey everything he says. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Just pray a little bit and just thank him. Just just glorify his name a little bit and worship him because of his beauty. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Halleluah. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, prepare us Lord Jesus in your word. Lord, give us the strength, Lord. The hunger, the thirsting, thirst and hunger after. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] How great the world. How great the world [Music] is my soul. My savior comes to thee. How great thou are. A great th [Music] Oh Lord my God. When I in awome wonder consider all the words that are made. I see the stars. I hear the rolling thunder. Thy power throughout the universe displays my soul. My savior. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou sings my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great went through the wounds and forest great. I wonder [Music] the birding sweetly in the tree. [Music] When I look down for lofty mountain and hear the broom and feel the gentle breeze. Oh then says my soul my savior go to thee. [Music] How great thou, how great thou are. This is my soul, my savior God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou art. [Applause] And when I think that God is sad, not sparing, send him to die, eyes can take it in. At on the cross, my body gladly buried. You bled and died to take away my sin. And since my soul, my savior go to thee. Oh, great love. [Music] Great love. S my soul, my savior God. How great, [Applause] how great th when Christ shall come. [Music] with shadow of acclamation and take me home. But joy shall fill my heart. Yes, Lord. And I shall bow in humble adoration and they proclaim my dancing my soul. [Music] My savior go. How great. Then sing my soul. S my soul. Hallelujah. My savior God. How great Lord. How great thou are. How great thou. How great thou are. How great. [Music] Loving Jesus, we want to thank you so much this evening for your grace. We appreciate you Lord for your love. We appreciate you, Lord, for choosing us, Lord, out of the many and setting us aside and feeding us on your word, Lord, on the on on your word that we might be in your image, Lord. Father, we desire more more of you, Lord. More of you every day, Lord Jesus. There many hindrances, Father, would hinder your children, Lord. Amen. To get into this word, Father. But I pray that you will preserve each one of them, Father. Preserve them, Lord, and and give them a hunger. Give them a thirst after righteousness, Lord. For even the Bible says, "Blessed is the man that hunger and thirst after righteousness, for he shall be filled." Lord, I pray, Lord, you will give us that thirst. You will give us that hunger after your word, after your spirit, after Lord the that presence of the Holy Ghost that we will know even as we are known. Father, I pray that you bless everyone tonight and those Lord coming before you, oh God, with a deep contrition. Remember them, I pray and grant the desires of their heart. Lord, bring them to a place of realization that God is God and he never fails. Father, we are waiting for what you are planning and and fixing to do in this season. Lord, may you ra raise our expectation, Father, that we will begin to see not only to hear, but to see of what you can do to vindicate that these things are true. Lord, we trust you. We believe on your word, Lord. We know that you are faithful. Father, I ask that you bless every person that has been a part of this service, both here and online. Bless bless everyone, Father. Father, even now as we're going to dismiss, Lord, we pray that you bless those that are going that are going to give. Lord, before we dismiss, Father, bless every giver, multiply what they will give that Lord, it will serve your work that you multiply it, Father, that we will your your kingdom, Lord, will be established in our hearts. Father, we give you thanks. Preserve us, Lord, until we meet again on Sunday in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh let I'll just invite you, brother, to come and s and sing for us as we give our offerings. God bless you. If you're online and you want to to be a part of the of the givers, I think the brothers will put up a way for you to be able to give. Uh [Music] we just want to Amen. give what we have. Uh before we go, I had forgotten there's a letter here. [Music] I'm just going to read it out to you. Specled Ministries uh to pastor TMOA invitation to the 25 2025 youth convention Kitant Primary School Campala. Dear beloved in Christ greetings to you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. On behalf of Spok Ministries, I am delighted to extend a heartfelt invitation to you and your church youth to participate in our 2025 youth convention scheduled to take place from third Thursday 4th September that's the arrival day to Monday morning 8th September 25 at Chitante Primary School Kala. This gathering is a special time of spiritual renewal, fellowship and revival among our youth. It is our earnest desire that pastors and church leaders accompany their youth to support and partake in this transformative experience. We are honored to welcome the following anointed ministers of the word as guest speakers. Brother Cosmos Nigeria pastor Jackson Kenya Pastor Jonathan Martin USA pastor Isaac Pastor Peterson Guaro Nairobi Kenya important notes for participants all youth are kindly requested to carry personal bedings mattresses will be available at a subsidized cost [Music] um a plate cup fork and spoon sufficient transport and pocket money camp fee 25,000 per person any other contribution toward this conversation will be greatly appreciated so I think the mattresses are going you are going to pay for the mattresses separately does that mean that yeah so you will pay mattresses separately and then you have to also carry the camp fee of 25,000 shillings per person and then you carry the uh a plate cup fork spoon of your own and uh personal bedings as well. Okay. All attendees are expected to arrive on Thursday 4th September. The official program will run until Monday morning, Monday of morning, 8th September. Should you require any further clarification or assistance, feel free to contact brother Patrick Tamaguzi at the given contact, we deeply value your partnership in raising a go generation and look forward to your favorable response and presence at the convention. Yours in Christ, Pastor Gideon Vaso for and on behalf of SP ministries. So uh we already have uh told I think this has already gone around. Um many of you already know of it as usual. Uh all the young people here make sure I know brother A streaming. Uhhuh. So I know even those who are not here will be able to hear what I have read. Make arrangements to be there. The dates again are I just want to read the date the dates again arrival is 4th September uh to Monday 8th September. So it's a it's uh uh Thursday up to Monday. So um these are wonderful meetings and please never miss such such programs. Brother Jonathan Martin was actually supposed to be our camp speaker, one of our camp speakers in our recent youth camp and he couldn't make it because his visa was not approved. Uh but then he made it in the Easter convention and I see he's coming back again. Uh I think he's an associate of brother Wayne Lawson who uh was also going to be our main camp speaker but did not make it. So it's important that uh you we participate in such meetings. uh when when we have meetings like these youth youth camp meetings we know that this church we our vision is really mainly to help the young people and so when something like this comes up we want to be fully participating in that as we have been doing in the past so God bless you I think we'll see as a church on Sunday maybe we can also be able to pledge something towards it and then you as an individual when you are going take as much as you can to uh support others. If you want to support and the things that I've read, make sure you have it. God bless you so much, brother. [Music] If we never meet again on this earth, my precious friend, if to God you have been true and you've lived above all sin, then for us will be a meeting with a hallelujah greeting. And I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. Oh, I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you in the meeting in the air. will be the blessed savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the raptures arms today. To my loved ones, let me say there will surely come a day when the Lord shall come again to take his pride away. Get ready now to meet him and with a hallelu greet him and I'll see you in the rapture some sweet day. [Music] Well, I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you in the meeting in the air. [Music] The blessed savior will live and reign forever. I'll see you in the rapture sounds. Oh, well, I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you in the meeting in the air. And with the blessed savior, we live and reign forever. I'll see you in the raptures of city. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. It may be morning, it may be night. He's coming soon. Oh, he's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. It may be morning. It may be night. I know he's coming soon. Oh, he's coming. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we welcome his returning. For it may be morning, it may be night or noon. I know he's coming soon. Jesus is coming. He's coming soon. He's coming soon with joy. We welcome his returning for [Music] morning. I know he's coming soon. Oh, we shall rise. We shall rise. Amen. On the resurrection morning. When the reason B are broken, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Oh, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Amen. On the resurrection morning, when the prison bs are broken, we shall rise. Hallelujah. We shall rise. Oh well. And some light morning when this life is over right we'll fly away. Oh, like a B from B as will I will fly away some more fly away. Oh glory I will fly away. will die. Hallelujah. By fly away. Oh, just a few more weary days and days will fly away. Oh, to the land where joy shall live in we fly away. One morning God will fly away. Oh glory I will fly away. Oh, I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by. I will fly away. Now in the shadow of this life I ended up fly away [Music] with your We fly away. We fly away. Oh, glory. We fly away. Oh, I won't die. Hallelujah. I am [Music] in my way. [Music] I'm in the number. I'm in the number. I'm in the number one. I'll be the [Music]
