################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 25-0629M Our True Origin Pt-6; The Overcomers  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  Sunday Morning Service - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   25-0629M Our True Origin Pt-6; The Overcomers || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Sunday Morning Service
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zA7giAx7l8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] The great fees [Music] is near the [Music] by the Jes. [Music] Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. [Music] Sweet test in our song. Sweetest name on mortal town. Sweetest come roy [Music] Jesus. Blessed Jesus. For many sins are all forgiven. Oh, hear the name of Jesus. [Music] sorrow on your way in peace to heaven and where I crown with Jesus. [Music] The sweetest not in our song. The sweetest name on mortal time. Sweetest sky. Ro son Jesus. Blessed [Music] Jesus. [Music] Oh, gloryy to the ding life. Believe in Jesus. [Music] I love the s name. I love the name of Jesus. [Music] Sweetest known in our song. [Music] One more time. Sweetest God roy my son. Jesus blessed [Music] Jesus. [Music] His name dispels [Music] my guilt and fear. No other name but Jesus. [Music] Oh, how my soul delights to hear the jumping [Music] name of Jesus. [Music] As we des [Music] sweetest name on motor time, sweetest No ever [Music] Jesus blesses [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus is passing this way. [Music] to [Music] Jesus is passing this way. He's passing this way to him. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh this way today. Oh Jesus is passing this way. [Music] is passing this way to stay. Oh Jesus. [Applause] [Music] Oh to [Music] Jesus is passing this way. He's passing this way too. Oh Jesus. Jesus passing this way. Today, today [Music] Jesus is passing this way. is passing this way to Oh Jesus, Jesus is passing this way today [Music] to stay Jesus. [Music] Oh, he's passing this. Oh, let me hear you sing it with all your heart now. Oh, Jesus is passing this way today to stay. Jesus is passing this way. He's passing this way. One more time. Oh Jesus is passing this way. Oh today to stay. Oh Jesus. Oh this way he's passing this way to [Music] our heavenly precious father king of glory. We believe you're passing our way this morning, King of glory. We are humbled, Lord Jesus, for we are your children, Lord. We've come into your house this morning, King of glory, gathered into your presence, Lord. and those who are gathered online. King of glory, we pray for them. Loving master, as you talk to Moses, Lord, behold, I send you an angel to keep thee in the way, to bring thee into the presence that have prepared, into the press that are prepared, Lord. Lord, we come this morning preparing our hearts. Lord, may you come and talk to each and every one of us. Lord, may you come and heal the sick. Lord, may you come and strengthen those who are weary. May you come and feed those who are hungry with your word, Lord Jesus. Lord, you know each and everyone whose heart this morning, King of Father, all in all, we ask for forgiveness, Lord Jesus, for our sins, Lord, wherever we've gone astray, may you have mercy upon us, Lord, pass us not, King of glory, Father, for as you talk to Moses, behold, I send an angel, Lord. That angel wasn't Michael. That angel wasn't Gabriel. That angel was God in the form of an angel. the logos, the word made fresh and that was our Lord Jesus Christ. Father, and in this moment, King of glory, Father, as we're in this in your presence, Lord, Father, we believe you're passing our way, Lord. And today, Lord Jesus Christ, Father, for it says in thy word is day or never, Lord, we claim your presence, Lord. Father, we break every chains, oh Lord Jesus. Father, we break every powers in our midst. Father, make each and every one of us free. Lord Jesus, Father, for it says in your word, once you make one free, Lord, he's free indeed. King of Glory Father, we want to live here victorious. Loving master, come pass our way, Lord. Father, there's no anyone we can say to pass on our way. Lord, King of Father, the humans criticize, Lord, but you're full of love. You're full of mercy. You always speak good things. Oh Lord Jesus, when I remember Abel's blood, Lord Father, it could speak vengeance. Oh Lord Father, but when you came onto the cross, you spoke mercy. You spoke forgiveness. You gave us life. You sent us thy son. You gave us thy spirit to guide us, Lord Jesus. Father, in time of need, you're always in there, Lord. Father in times of trouble, you're always in there. Lord, we want to thank you, Lord. Father, for being a living God, for being a manifesting God, Father, in our Mid King of Glor, Father, come take control of each and every one of us. Father, we dedicate the tithe and offerings. Oh Lord, Father, may you bless each and everyone that will give in King of Grow. Father, we pray for thy servant, King of Grow, Father, that will come and minister unto us. Father, let that word multiply within us. King of glory. Father, may it come and change us. May it come and transform us. Father, King of glory, we pray, Lord, Father, for believers who are on their way coming. Father, may you fasten onto their footstep. King of glory. Father, we pray for the musician. We pray for the song leader. We pray for our deacons. Lord, all king of glory. Father we pray all this heavenly loving master in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ believing all our prayers we've asked as asked Lord it has already been answered in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we pray amen thank you hallelujah God bless you I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ why don't you just turn around shake Somebody, somebody's hands next to you. Greet them. Welcome them in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus is passing this way and he's passing to stay. We are yet to see his blessings this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, this is my commandment that you love one another that your joy may be full. Oh, this is my commandment that you love one another that your joy may be full. that your joy that your joy may be full. Oh, that your joy may be full. Oh, this is my commandment that you love one another, that your joy may be full. Oh, sing it again. Oh, this is my commandment that you love one another. That your joy may be full. Oh, that your joy may be full. That your joy made me full. Oh, this is this is my command. How you love one another than your joy made before. Oh, wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. Oh, he's a counselor and prince of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh, keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh my heart sings today. Sings for joy and gladness. Oh Jesus saves, satisfies, banishes my sadness. He is gone. Pieces mine. His life to a river. Jesus sees wonderful mighty to deliver. Oh, wonderful. Jesus is to me and is a counselor and prince of peace. Oh yes. And keeping me all from. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, once a slave, now I'm free. Oh, free from condemnation. Jesus liberty, the full salvation. Now the sins of my past have been all for and my name is inscribed on the book of. Oh wonderful, wonderful. Has he been so good to you? Sing for him this morning with all your heart now. [Music] Hallelujah. On my mind. Wonderful is my redeemer. Oh, living here with my Lord in a holy union. Day by day all the way. All this sweet communion. Oh, what change grace has ro in my lonely session since my soul has received and free salvation. Oh wonderful Jesus is to me and is the counselor, help, prince of peace. Mighty God is he saving me. from all sin shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Oh, sing it again now. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me. He's the counselor and pr of peace. Mighty God is he. Oh from us. Oh wonderful. One more time now. He's so wonderful. [Music] Jesus is so long and prolific. [Music] Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Listen up. Everywhere he went, he was doing good. Almighty healer who healed the labor. When the people saw him, they started shouting. Everywhere he went, my Lord was doing good. Oh, sing it now. Was doing good. Almighty healer who healed the lab. When the people saw him, they started walking. Everywhere he went, my Lord was doing good. Everywhere [Music] was doing good. Almighty healer will heal the lab. When the people saw him, they started walking. Everywhere he went, my Lord was doing good. Everywhere, everywhere he went was doing good. Almighty healer, he healed the lab. When the people saw him, they started walking. Everywhere he went, my Lord was Oh, sing it again now. Everywhere he went was doing good. Almighty heal [Music] the labor. When the people saw him, they started walking everywhere he went. My Lord. Oh, come on now. Clap your hands. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] It's your season to be blessed. God made your promise used to deter. It's going to open the windows by you out of blessing. It's your season to be blessed. It's your season to be blessed. God made your promise used to the day. He's going to open the window for you a blessing. Oh, it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. Blessing the city. I'm blessing the few. I'm less going out. I'm less coming in. It's going to open the windows. Boy, you are a blessing. Oh, it's your season. Oh, to be blessed. Eat your seasonless [Music] mess to the T. It's going to open the window. Thought you are a blessing. Oh, it's your season to be. It's my season to be blessed. God made me a promise. I stood. Oh, he's going to open the window for me to bless me. Oh, my is my season to be blessed. Oh, is my season to be blessed. [Music] Oh, has to take it's going to open the window out of blessing. Oh my season. I've been through the fire. I've been through the fire. I've been through the flood. But I'm only here because of this blood. is going to open the window and put me on a blessing. Oh my, it's my season. Oh, to be blessed. Oh, it's my season. It's my season to be blessed. God made me a promise. I still going to open the window of blessing. Oh my, he's my season. Oh, to be blessed. One more time. Oh, he's my season to be blessed. For God made me a promise. Eyes to the day. He's going to open the windows out of blessing. Oh yes. It's my season. Oh, to be blessed. Glory to glory. I've been singing since I live. My body is done. Glory, glory. Oh, I've been singing since I live. My baptism. Oh, glory, holy Lord. Help me sing it this morning. Oh my. Oh, glory. Glory. I'll be [Music] since I live. Since I live, my body is singing. Hallelujah. My God is able. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to Oh, singing. Hallelujah. God is able. Hallelujah. Oh, God is able. Hallelujah. Lord, I'm going to sing. I feel better. I feel better. Oh, so much better. Oh, since I live. I feel better this morning. Oh, since I live. Since I live, I feel better. [Music] So much better. Oh, since I live. My God is. Oh, I feel better. Oh, so much better since I live. I'm gone to the rapture. I'm gone to the rapture. Oh, since I live my body. Oh, I'm gone. I'm going to the rapture. Since I live my body, the devil is defeated. The devil is defeated. Since I live on my bodies now. Oh, the devil is defeated. The devil is defeated. Since I lay all my fears, all my fears. [Music] I've got my healing now. I've got my healing now. Oh, since I live, my bad is down. I've got my healing. I've got my healing. Oh, since I lay since I lay my bodies down. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Do you feel better this morning? [Music] Oh, hallelujah. You've got to let your fears down, all your burdens down this morning. Praise the Lord. While you are in his presence. Hallelujah. You may have your seat. Amen. I read a Sunday school report. They read from uh the book of Matthew chapter 7 verse 20. And they learned about we learned that we we shall see them by the fruits they bear. 10 kids were present. Offering was 10,000 10,100 10,1,000. Praise the Lord. And the teacher was sister favor. God bless you so much sister. Hallelujah. Amen. So we shall have given our offerings. Let's sing that song. Bringing in the shield as we give in our offerings this morning. Are you have to be the presence of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, bringing in the she, bringing in the she, we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. Oh my. Bringing in the sh. We shing. Bringing in the she. Oh, bringing in the she. Oh my. Bringing in the sheep. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. Oh my. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in. Sewing in the morning. Swing in the morning. Soing of kindness. Oh, yes. Waiting for the harvest and the time of reaping. We shall come rejoicing, bringing in the she. Oh my. Bringing in the she. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the she. Oh, bringing in the sheep. Bringing in the she. We shall come rejoiceing. Bringing in the sh. Soing in the sunshine. Soing in the shadows, fearing the clouds. No winter's chilling praise. High and by the harvest and the labor ended we shall come rejoicing ringing in the she ringing in the she we shall come rejoicing bringing in the sh bringing in the sh bringing in the sh we shall I'll come rejoicing. One more time as brother Dan comes. Bringing in the sheho. Bringing in the she we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sh. Bringing in the she. Oh bringing in the sh. We shall come rejoiceing. Bringing in the sh. Ringing in the sheo. Bringing in the she we shall come rejoicing. Bringing in the sh. Oh, bringing in the shall come rejoicing. [Music] God bless you. Good morning. [Music] So this is uh our 73 week and uh I'm going to read you what came from our groups for our visitors. We have been collecting money for our land fund. And now we have made week 60. We have made week 70 73. And we have seven groups. We collect weekly even those that are online. Feel free to join our groups so that we can build a sanctuary for our God. So Paul contributed 95,000 contributed 130,000 then Martin contributed 100,000 5,000 then contributed 62,000 Martin Luther contributed 266,000 then John Wesley 40,000 [Music] then William Marion Brham 120,000 and the week in the the total amount of the week it 800 8,500. God bless you so much. And a reminder from our pastor, he said all the group leaders. We have a a short meeting after that. [Music] So don't miss. God bless you. Have a nice service. [Applause] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. We have visas this morning. Amen. Are you happy? Amen. Amen. And so this is brother Isaac. Isaac. So you just wave to the people. Brother Isaac maybe I stepped out. So we have sisterbe because of time I'll just read the next one. Praise the Lord. I believe maybe they're all not here. Amen. So we have Mashana. Amen. God bless you so much. You're most welcome. You have to be with me this morning and all the rest of our visitors. You're most welcome. Feel free. Amen. We love you all in Jesus name. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's get on our feet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why don't you just turn around again and shake somebody's hand with a smile and say, "God bless you." Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. How many wants to be close to the Lord this morning? Amen. I want to be close to him this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, draw me Lord. [Music] Oh, draw me Lord. Oh, draw me, Lord. [Music] I know. I'll tell you. Yes. All right. [Music] after you. Yes. Draw me. Oh, draw me Lord. Oh, draw me Lord. [Music] Oh, draw me Lord. [Music] and around after you. Yes. Around after you sing. Draw me. Draw me Lord. Oh, draw me Lord. [Music] Oh, draw me, Lord. I'll run [Music] after you. Yes. Around Lord after you. [Music] Oh, draw me low. Oh, draw me low. And the run [Music] and the run after you. Yes. Run after you. And I run. [Music] after you. Yes. Around [Music] Watching Foreign [Music] [Music] Ohama. Come on. Oh, sway. [Music] Oh, come on. Oh, s [Music] [Music] come on. Oh, s away. Oh, now I feel s [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Oh. [Music] Tonight. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Oh man. Ohana. [Music] Oh go. Oh mima. [Music] Guyana. [Music] One more time. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Why don't you just speak to him now? [Music] Why don't you just thank him when in his presence? Why don't you just call upon his name? Tell him to draw close. Tell him to draw you close to him this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. Why don't you just reach your hand? That's the hymn of his garment this morning. and be like that woman with a blood issue. You've got needs, he is here this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hey. [Music] [Music] I just Speak the name of Jesus [Music] over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there's peace within your presence. I speak Jesus. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Till every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freom. [Applause] I speak Jesus. [Music] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow. [Music] Your name. Oh, your name is power. Your name. as our pastor comes this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, break every stronghold. Break everyone. Oh, hallelujah. Shine through the shadow like a fire. [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus. [Music] Oh my fear and all anxiety [Music] to every soul that come by depression. [Music] I speak Jesus. Oh, your name. Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. [Music] Oh, make every stronghold. Turn to the shadow. [Music] I'm like a fire. Hallelujah. Shout Jesus. Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Shout Jesus this morning. Jesus from the mountain and Jesus in the streets. Oh Jesus in the darkness over me. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Can we sing it again? Shout Jesus. [Applause] Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness for every enemy. Oh Jesus for my family. I feel the holy name. Won't you [Music] call your name? Oh, your name. Your name is break every song. down to the shadow my life. Oh, your name, your name, your name is power, your name is healing, your name is life. Oh, break every stronghold. Shine through the shadow [Music] of [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over everybody. [Music] I know there is peace within your presence. Yes, Lord. I speak Jesus. I just want to speak the name of Jesus to every dark addiction starts to break. There is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus. You want to say your name is power. Oh, your name is Your name is Breakf Oh, shine through the shadows by like a fire. Oh, sing it again. Your name. Your name. Hallelujah. We believe that. Yes, Jesus. Your name is life. Break every struggle. Shine through the shadows and light a fire. [Music] Amen. Everybody worship him. Amen. Lift up your voice to him. Amen. and call on the name of Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Speak the name Jesus over your situation. Speak the name Jesus over your problem. The Bible says the name of Jesus is the name above every knee. Every knee shall bow. Every tongue shall bow that Jesus Christ is the Lord. Amen. the mention of that name. Oh, something happened. Yes, Lord. We worship your name, Lord. You are worthy, Lord. All the glory worship. Glory, glory, glory. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory, glory. Thank you Lord. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh thank you Lord Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, there is something about that name. [Music] Monster [Music] Jesus like the fragrance after the rain. [Music] Jesus, [Music] Jesus, [Music] Jesus. [Applause] Little heaven and I proclaim, just proclaim that in your heart now. Kings and kingdoms shall all pass our way. [Music] How many believe that there is something about that name? [Applause] King and kingdom shall open pass away. [Music] Hallelujah. But there is something about that name. [Applause] Oh, [Music] how I love Jesus. How many love him this morning? Oh, relax in his presence. Tell him from the bottom of your heart. Oh, let's put all the traditions aside. Let's tell him from our heart now. You and Jesus alone. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Because he love to me. Hallelujah. He is so wonderful [Music] to me. Come on now everybody tell him he's so wonderful to me. is so love for because he first love me. I love Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. How I love Jesus. [Applause] Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, how I love Jesus. Because he fast. Lift your hand. [Music] [Music] [Music] Why are you [Music] s [Applause] hallelujah? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Amen. Loving Jesus, we know there is a coming a day when all arts are ended when all sickness when all trouble problem suffering when it's ended. Lord, we know that this is a real thing because your word declares it. And we love you because you first love. You chose us in you before the father. We conformed into the image of yourself. And Lord, we are living in this space of time for just a season. Lord, we come here every Sunday morning and some people do it Lord faithfully. Every Sunday morning they're here. Every Wednesday is the evening they're here. Lord we know that this is not in vain. [Music] Time is coming and is very soon [Music] when Lord we will put on immortality. And Lord, we know when we get into that moment, we will never die again. Tears will be ever cried except for joy. Lord Jesus, we are looking forward to that time. And while we are still on this other side, may you help us to encourage oursel and in the word of God. And as your word will be going forth this morning, Lord, I ask that you'll come by the revelation of your word and minister to each one. Father, this is our home prayer this morning in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you saints. I just want to greet every one of you in the name of our Lord Jesus. Please turn to your neighbor. Tell them welcome in the house of the Lord. Nice to see every one of you. Smile when you are greeting that person so that they can also feel good. Amen. Please feel free to take your seat for just a moment. We have a baby dedication this morning. Amen. I just like like to sing that little chorus as the the parents are bringing the baby. Bring the me. Bring the me [Music] the field. Bring them in. Bring them in. [Music] Bring the little ones, brother Shalom. Bring them in. Bring them in. Oh, bring them in. Bring them in from the field of sea. Bring them. Bring them in. Bring them on to Jesus. [Music] Very, very handsome baby. Uh, Brother Luanga has wonderful young men. Where's the rest of the family? Can you Can you all come here? Are they only these ones? [Music] The Bible says produce and multiply. But the promise is not for only you alone. And you know they are raising sister Juliet is really raising some wonderful young people [Music] and uh it's a it's a blessed family. So uh uh you know I always say that when you have boys you have a lot of work for very many years. So we pray that God will give brother to do that job. Amen. Let us all harm ourselves. This baby is called Daniela. [Music] Let's dedicate him before the Lord. Loving Jesus, you're the one that brought this couple together. Our precious brother Luanga Henry, his wife, sister Julia and Father Lord, you've given them to this assembly. I remember about three years ago when they came to me and said they wanted to come and put their shoulders to the wheel. and support the work of God here. And ever since, Lord, they have served faithfully, Lord, in in different capacities. [Music] And Lord, you have also not ceased to bless them. And now, Lord, you've blessed them with this little one, Daniel. Daniel Muka. Lord, I pray that as they have named this child, Because we know that a name has usually a meaning something it is pointing to. May this child be a blessing in the home. Lord and Lord as you use Daniel of old father. He was a prophet. He served you Lord through even times which were not easy but he stood for you and he declared your word. Now Lord we pray that so will it be for this child that he will serve the Lord. We have a backbone to stand for your word. Lord we we we we we receive this child in your name Lord and dedicate him to you. Lord, we pray that the devil will not have hands upon him. You'll keep him away from every power of darkness, every clanic spirits, every power of hell. It will not prevail over this child. Preserve him, I pray, oh God under the power of the Holy Spirit. And father Lord, may he be a blessing to them. And we dedicate the entire Langa family, Lord, into your hands, Lord Jesus. and all the children, Father Lord, that they will serve the Lord, Lord, we commit them now to you in the precious name of our Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] And the baby's saying, "Amen." [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's clap for them as they're going back. Um, I have a note here. God bless you saints. Receive greetings from Mitana where I have spent the past two weeks working on the church floor. This is from brother Martin where yesterday I mean on Saturday Saturday I informed you that on Friday I informed you that he was in Mana. Welcome back brother Martin. Thank God for preserving. Amen. And also I always forget but sometimes ministers ask me to greet you. So receive greetings from pastor in in in the city of Melbourne, Australia, Melbourne, Australia. He uh he asked me to greet the church. Amen. And and um we trust that uh this morning the Lord will minister to us. Uh through his word, how many have come here expected? Amen. Now we we have a meeting after the service. um um uh with the uh team leaders for the land fund. Um we had another one we had a meeting last Sunday with a church where we discussed a lot of things and many of you were some of you were not here many actually were here and that was not good but those who were here were represented us and I wanted to say that we noticed in that meeting that uh Uh we we have a a burden and a vision of buying our church land, [Music] but I we realize that not everyone among us is faithfully contributing to that cause. Um can I have the land report for this week, please? Just wanted to make a few comments on this to the whole church. just pull out the paper for this week only le I fumble around the papers. Okay. So, uh I see that this week we have given a total of 800,000 and of course you can break it down to through the seven weeks the seven groups. So if you see for example Paul I wanted to just sample uh who is the leader of Paul. How many people do you have? How many believers do you have in your group total? 50. [Music] How many gave this 95? Four. So she has 15 members in her group and only four game. So we and remember this these are really free will contributions. I know we have had some people getting offended thinking that uh you know it's all about and it's mandatory everybody who is coming must [Music] never feel burdened. [Music] If you don't have the revelation, you know, always always uh giving is part of serving God. But you see, it must be by revelation and you know out of the abundance of your heart. You never feel cornered to do something for God. [Music] Whatever you do for the Lord, if you want a blessing out of him, it must be a personal revelation. Is that a man? And you do it. The Bible says God loves a cheerful giver. Amen. So now when you see five, is it four five who have given this week? Five, it means 10 in our group did not give anything. So to them it is either two things it is either the whole week they could not afford to give anything even 1,000 they were not able or um they did not they have not yet caught the vision and uh um I would like to incline to think that many have not yet caught the vision. Otherwise, I'm sure if you are contributing, if you're going to to contribute towards making [Music] cemetery. Yeah. If they say that we are building a cemetery, a cemetery, [Music] even if you don't go, you will give. We say if I said today we are tomorrow we are planning a party for every church member who gives ah people will give you will be surprised. You may find brotherh giving 1 million and then you wonder where did it come. So is it because he's not able to give now? No. Maybe he has not quite caught the revenue and and also John Weasley John Weasley gave 4,000 the team leader tell me how many do you have in the saints total 15 and how many have given this three are you seeing the trend it's only the minority that are giving Okay, three makes it perfect. I I will I will call out another group. Cola. Okay. Uh let me mention the group which gave the most. Martin Luther. Where's the team leader? Martin. How many do you have? 24. Okay. Is that why you gave a lot of money? How many gave this? Eight. Did you see that? Same thing. So you might think ah there are so many. No, it's the minority that are giving. And not only that, even those who are giving among those people they mentioned, you will find that some of them are not actually members yet. They are they members of the bride but they are not a part of this fellowship but they are supporting the work here wanting to support the cause. So you can see that we here need to catch the revelation but also let me say this whether you catch the revelation or you don't the work of God cannot be hindered. Whatever God has purposed to do will be done with or without you. But you see, I feel it is an opportunity for me to be a part of what God is doing because that way when I serve God, I know he must bless me. He must bless the work of my hand. He must He must bless what I'm doing. And um you know I want to be a part of what God is doing. So I ask you to do you want to be a part of what God is doing? It it is a vision that you must catch. If you say you're a member of the church, what are you doing? Are you saying that let somebody else do it? Let others who have the the money do it. And many of us keep pushing it to the future. I'll give when God gives me. How many here believe that they will give when God gives them? Well, no one will now put up their hand. But let me show tell you something. If you are not with whatever you have now, if you're not serving God, even when you get much more or much better, you will not serve God. Whatever you are using your money for today is what you will use it when you have more. Are you are you listening to me church? So you cannot claim you have you don't have enough and that's the reason why you are not giving usually all of us here don't have enough none of us here that I know of that has enough. If you are not married you are needy. If you are married, you are more needy. If you have children, you are more more needy. The body of Christ is always needed. So what are you going to do? You are going to serve God with what you have now, not later. So nobody's going to force you. Nobody's going to push you. But I'm encouraging. Serve God while you can. Time is coming when you can. Amen. And that cannot be overemphasized. Um, where is Sister Susan? Is she here this morning? All right. Sister Susan is right behind. Raise up your hand if Sister Susan called me this actually. Brother Brian called me this week. And uh when I went there I found also sister Susan there and uh you know sister Susan lives in a certain area where she knew over land. So when we had the meeting and we told everybody go and check out if you get land. So they found uh they invited me to go and visit that land and it's a real good land. Um um it's uh around Sunday actually at the end of uh after stabics just after that swamp then when you just going up it it's in a very good location almost on the road I think about 50 mters from the road and uh so it's a very good land willing we are looking at buying that. I have already met the owner and uh we prayed over it on Friday. If the Lord is willing, this man is going to um he looks all indication to show that he might actually accept for us to give him a certain amount and then the rest we pay it slowly. that will save us from a bank loan. But um the indications show that he might accept 150 million. That's way more than what we have now. But you keep in prayers and uh we will be discussing with the church land team members and also also the other concerned believers. If you want to stay, please stay so we can discuss that. Well, the Lord bless you. It's taken a little while, but I think it is worth it. Is that okay? Amen. Uh let us now stand and we go into the word. Revelation chapter 3. We had a good service on Friday and those who miss you really missed. You know, whenever you hear that we have a visitor or let me even put it this way. Whenever you hear that we have a service, please come because God has something prepared for you. When God sends you somebody here, when there is a service, when there's a church service going on at your church, you cannot afford to be anywhere. That's what we've been taught by the prophet. You know, that's why if there are special meetings and as a ministry, we believe in what is going on there. If we believe in what is going on, we usually close our meetings and then everybody should be because it's not a competition. But if we the Lord is leading us differently, always be at your home church. I felt that some really missed what the Lord was uh intending to do for us. But nonetheless, the Lord is full of mercies and he will speak to us this morning. We are reading um vers 14. Um we will read up to verse 22. So listen carefully. You know we are in the book we've been in the book of revelation for the past two weeks. We've been around chapter five. I think brother Shem was also dealing with chapter four and you know we've been reading chapter 10 but we are trying to build something here which I believe that you should pay attention. Look at verses 14 there. And unto the angel of the church of the ladicians, uh, write these things, saith the amen, the faithful and true witness, the beginning of the creation of God. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would thou art what cold or hot. [Music] So then, because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. I am rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. This is the condition of La Lisa. They think they have everything they need. They are rich increased with goods. They know the whole scriptures. They know the Bible. They have this. They have that. They don't need anything from anything. If you walk on the street today and you try to evangelize to somebody, they will tell you. In other words, I don't need what you're telling me. Go preach to others who need it. But really, God thinks of them as if they are wretched, miserable, poor, and they naked, and they don't know. That's the sad part. And then the advice says, I counel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be rich and white rament that thou mayest be closed and that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with thy eyes that thou mayest see. Amen. Amen. That's the message of Yahweh. The true word is what dresses us and covers our shame, the shame of our nakedness. As many as I love, I rebuke and chasten bezel us thereof and repent. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him, and I will s with him and he with me. Uh, and I hope you don't mind standing for a few moments. We are all standing. So, I want you to listen to this part. where he says uh behold I stand at the door and knock in in this age Christ is out of the church he has been kicked out by the people who are actually supposed to be his wife his bride but he is outside he's knocking he's pleading he's saying he that opens for I will come in. So he's a gentleman. He's not going to bang the door open. You have to open for him first and then he will come in. But you see not everybody will very few will open. Others are concerned with many other things. Do you remember the first sermon brother Shem preached here? That was really nice and on on how he is outside your lover is outside and you know he's asking for you to open for him and then you are busy saying I'm busy and by the time you come out he's gone. You know it was out of the song of Solomon. But I tell you friend, this is what is happening in our age. Christ is on the outside of the of the church and is bleeding to come in. But vers 21 now says to him that overcometh, Amen. This is what I'm going to speak about. To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne. So this year is not easy. It's it's not cold, not hot. It is blind, naked, wretched, but they don't know. They're confused. They have amnesia. They don't know who they are. And then we find out Christ is out of their hearts. They rejected. But he says there is going to be an overcomer. And he says to him that overcome, I will grant with to sit with me in my throne, even as I also overcame, and I'm set down with my father in his throne. Is that amen? He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit say unto the Amen. You may be seated. God bless you. Let's Let's pray. Father Lord, we have read a portion of your word once again. We ask that you, the writer, the author of this word, you may come and interpret these things to us and may you give us the grace to understand what your holy spirit wants us to in Jesus name. Amen. Brother, brother, brother Shalom, if you can come and help me with the with this. Um, I'm speaking on same subject really, our true origin, but today my title is the overcomers. The overcomers. Amen. Are you here? [Music] Are you here church? That is still 10% of it. Some people are hungry. I don't remember the last time I ate breakfast on a Sunday morning, but I'm always strong because I I just want to be with the Lord. So, I don't know how many of you have eaten breakfast or have not eaten, but let the flesh out. Let the spirit speak to us today. We have not come here as a tradition. Sunday morning we go to church. We have come here seriously. Seriously. For serious business. Is that amen? How many have come for serious business? You know, you know when you're at home and you're free and you're watching something on YouTube, you cannot do. But many times when people say, "Okay, let's have our family out." Then you begin to see people yarning. The day was very long. We are very tired. That's that's a strategy that the devil uses. to always when the word comes, when it's time for singing, everybody's throwing their feet up and people are happy. But when it's time for the word, the devil will make you busy, feeling weak, feeling dizzy. That's when all the feelings in the body will come. But I denounce that in the name of Jesus. Amen. I pray that this morning we we must be we must be controlling our body. Let's control our body. Tell your body whether you want or not. You are going to listen to the word when you are sober this morning. Amen. I want people who are sober this morning not really sober as sober. Maybe you can be a little drunk. That's okay. But in the spirit Praise the name of the Lord. And I had forgotten to mention that brother brother Julius traveled to minister somewhere in I think it's called a pastor there. Brother Michael invited him to minister and he called me and he sent greetings to the church as well. Amen. And brother Michael asked me to greet the church. And uh we pray that God will bless them there as well. Amen. So now the overcomers. I've been studying the word quite a lot and um I have been studying the word quite a lot and I'm realizing that you know there is a lot of depth that we need to get to. to come as believers. I don't know what you're doing you you're using your time for, but I I just pray that you all we all get a hunger for the word that at least you can spend your time studying the Bible or at least you can spend your time uh you know listening to the message. I've had uh one of you was telling me um called me this week said, "Pastor, I'm having a hard time understanding the the the accent of Brother Bam. And I'm not picking anything. Maybe you are one of those and you feel you can't listen to the message. When pastor said go listen to the message, you said okay I'll go. I'll go and then you switch on can understand anything. Let me leave these things. Don't leave those things. I'm going to tell you what you will do. Amen. And you will do it for about three messages and you'll be done. Um um you put on a tape if you have a smartphone. Uh use it to switch on the me the table software. How many have the table software? Raise up your hand. Let's see. Raise it up high. How many don't? If you have a smartphone, raise raise up your hand. Okay. Now, those of you who have a smartphone and you don't have the tables of, please don't go before you meet, you know, any of these ministers. could be me, brother Shalom, Brother Martin, Brother Daniel, you know, any of those brothers, they know brother, they will help you to download or any of these young people. You see, this is the software I'm talking about. You don't have to pay a cobo for it. It is a free of charge. So, what happens it will have the words there and you can listen as well. Okay. So, let's try to play something here for you. Um I don't know. I have this burden of you getting these things. It is just so good for you to miss which I feel that God has granted me favor with him. If I can find your confidence, I'm sure there'll be something that will happen during the meeting with us. This one always listens. That's why he can be able to tell those things. Now, you see as he as it is playing, as he is talking, the words are moving and you can read and follow. If you think you have missed something, You can pause and read it fast. I had say I heard him say, "Oh, it is divine." Okay. Now, next time you listen again, you will know. When he says divine, he meant divine. Are you following me? Now you do that one message, you listen and finish. The second message you listen the third by the time you go to the fourth you realize you don't even need to read you can listen to everything I started listening to the message when I was 15 years and in a few months because you see I was forced the the place where I was staying at pastor Leo's house and I'm writing a book about these things you know I to listen cuz they would put the tape. Even if you have unbelievers in your home, put the tape on. They will listen by force. For me, I used to listen before I even believe. And by the time I believe, I was already used to the voice. So, I could hear everything. She's not hearing. And brother, I tell you, I have trouble with Rep. If you are called a message believer, you believe you're a healer to know what the message is saying. Don't listen from others. Don't wait to come and hear what your pastor is saying about you. You yourself go for yourself. Dip your weak into the oil and get for yourself. Get fired up for yourself. How many are understanding what I'm saying? If you are going to do it, say amen. And I tell you, if you try to do it, oh, God is going to bless you. You will begin, you will realize you have received another way, another hunger and another thirst that when a preacher begins to preach, there is a way you enjoying the word more than before. But if you're just a church member who just likes watching these jokes, you know, you you like watching these unserious things and then you come to church, you are the one who going to be dozing in the church, are you listening? You want to go watch movies the whole week. You can't even have time for family altar at home. You just go to bed. You duck in the bed. You never get time to sit, kneel down and pray. Some of you have children, maybe even your children don't know how to pray. But the children who disturb in the church, it means at home they don't pray and that's why they don't respect the presence of God. So it's very important for us to raise our families. in the way we believe that is right. Are you following me church? That's how we have to do it. As a father of the home, it is your right to teach your children. I don't know this this morning what's happening but I want to go but then something. Let me finish this. as a father of the home especially in all those homes that have fathers but I understand there are some homes without believing fathers or without fathers we'll come to those but for now I'm talking we'll come to those we'll come for now I'm talking about homes with fathers amen it is it is the duty of a father to ensure that his children are serving God and they know the God he served as long as they still young. When they grow, it is very hard to change them. But when they are still young, you can mold them in the way you want them to be. And the Bible says they will never depart from me in my home. I don't care. I have sometimes big boys and it is a rule. If it is family altar, everyone must be there. Even if you are sleeping, they will wake you up. Time for God is time for God without exception of anybody. Cuz that's how my mother raised me. That's how we were raised in God. You sleep during family. And this was even Anglican church, not even me church. But we were raised like that. because it was in the reawakened movement revival. You know, every evening, we gather around, we have the Bibles, we read, we pray, repent, we sleep. That's how it was every day. Even repentance was a part of that. Everyone had to repent. That is how you were doing it. awakening and God forgive me told me to wash dishes and I and I got mad for I repent every day we repent in the evening but you believers you don't repent to the ones you you you you you hurt you don't even repent to God and you don't even pray you just duck in the bed and the parents you are going to have to answer for it. Even to those of homes without father the mother you have that if you're a believing mother it is your right to raise your children in the way you believe in the way of the word how can your child still under your roof tell you I will not come to pray why I'm not feeling well and you say okay all right junior you can in in our home. You say that to mother, you will get forgive me. There was not even that opportunity. You do that parents these days brother said we call it child delinquency but it is also pain that's why our generation is the way it is mother father you must have a backbone and control over your children and even you children if you think you're so that you have your own rights host at your home. That's how I tell them in my house. As long as you in my house, it is my rules. But if you want your rules, then go start your own and you have your rules, then God, you will be answerable before God. But as for me, Joshua said, as for me and my house, meaning everybody and everything in my house, sometimes even our dog comes on the family house. As for me and my heart, we will serve the Lord. We have to make that resolution, friends. It is a is what the word requires of us. Rahab did not have a husband, she was alone. But when it came time to claim the token, she did not claim the token over herself only. She said to them, "My father, my mother, my brother, my sister, my uncle, my everybody in my house." And they told them, "Bring everybody under your roof and they will not be be dead. So everybody you bring under the token cannot die. Hallelujah. Are you hearing me? And so we have those those rights as believers. Are you saying I should serve God by force? No, you serve God by choice. But as long as you are under my responsibility, it is my rules. Parents, you have to have that backup. Don't let your children sleep away when they are still young because if they grow, you can't fight with them, they'll box you. Bend them when they still teach my children to pray. Any of my children, I don't care how old they are, they can pray for the home. And I do that on purpose. Today you are praying. Today you are praying. There you are. You learn how to pray when little. That is how we ought to do. We are raising a generation not of wayward people. It is our it is our duty as as as believers to raise a generation which will serve our God. Amen. And I now I've taken more than 30 minutes almost talking about that. But now for an hour, help me to preach to you here on what the Lord laid on my heart. That one was a bonus. It didn't I did not prepare for it. It just came. Amen. And to those of you who felt bad, I'm very sorry. Please forgive me for making you to feel bad. But I don't apologize for what I said because it is the word of God. To him that overcometh will I grant to sit with me in my throne even as I overcame and I sat with my father in. So now listen our true origin. If you know who you are, if you know where you came from, you will know who Jesus is and where he came from and why he came. Jesus came to the earth to overcome. He knew he had to overcome because by prophecy, by divine knowledge, he was born into the world to overcome the world. He did not come into the world to be overcome by the world. The world even our generation has a lot of pressures and all of us are born defeated. We are all born overcome but we are born to overcome. We are born to live above the prison of the flesh. Let let me put it this way. Amen. You need to wash that child, please. She keeps he keeps throwing the bottle around. So listen, you know, we are born into this world to to to conquer. Amen. To conquer. Everybody say conquer. Brother, I'm happy to see. Amen. Oh, Sister Ruth, God bless you. Hallelujah. We are born in the world to conquer. Tell your neighbor, you are born to conquer. Conquer is a good thing but it is not easy because if you are going to conquer you cannot conquer without fighting. You cannot conquer without a battle. There has to be a declaration of war and then men go to battle. So we are here to battle. But you see there are some who are going to be defeated. There are some who going to fall by the sword of the power of darkness. But there are also some that are going to overcome. There are some who are going to conquer. Others are conquered by the sea. Others are conquered by the devil. In the way they think, in the way they live their lives, in the way they they they dress, in the way they talk, in the way they live generally. You can clearly see they are content. The Bible says they are listen. The Bible says they are blind. Amen. It's 12. I'm getting done by one. So follow me closely. Follow me closely here. I know I will not be done but I'm going to finish by one and you know me I'm a very good time keeper. Is that not so? All right. So when we talk about we are talking about people who are blind, people who are wretched, people who are miserable, people who are naked. Imagine, imagine somebody who is wretched, someone who is blind, someone who is poor, someone who is um you know naked but he doesn't know. That is the situation of our age. That's the situation of our age. We deal with these people every day. They feel they don't have what you have. They don't need it. They they will tell you they are perfect the way they are. They will tell you to acquire what you have and to live in it is to live in a bubble. It is not real. It is faking. Are you following me? They will try to show you. You are a loser. They will try to show you that you are a failure. You are a fool. You are brainwashed. That's what they say. But I have a question for them. If it is not this life, then what life is better? If it is not the life of the world, Show me a better life. Let me tell you, there is no better life than the life of the word of God. There is no better life. I don't care whether you have a lot of money or whether you are so poor. But what matters in this life is what will matter after this life. Hallelujah. Anything that does not matter in that life does not matter in this life. [Music] Hallelujah. What matters in this life is what matters in the other life. That is why saints we must know our true origin. We must know where we came from so that we can know where we are going. If they tell you you came from Australia, Australia and you are an Australian, even if you have a black skin, if DNA tells you you're Australian and you have a right maybe to claim your citizenship and you know that's your true origin. That's why you are going back. Friend, it doesn't matter what is around you. It doesn't matter what you see about yourself. You will begin planning to go to Australia. You will begin planning to live the way they live there. Hallelujah. Amen. Have you seen the people who are looking for visas? Let me tell you something. The reason why many of them get heartbroken, they can even some of them can even take their life. is because if they have a dream of going to America and they go before the visa officer and the visa officer says you don't qualify for the visa visa the person can go away and they can even die why because when they in the process of applying for a visa they in Uganda but they don't feel they in Uganda They don't see they're in Uganda. They don't they don't even, you know, speak as if they're in Uganda. They will even begin, you know, has already because they think they're going to. Have you seen some of those people planning to go abroad? Maybe they have even never been in an airplane before, but they will begin talking as if they have been in those countries. Why? Because they now know they are going to go abroad. So they now know that where they going to go and they believe that's where they come from and that's where they going to go back. They begin behaving like the people there and their dream is to go to America. Our dream, my dream is not to go to America. It's not to live in America. There's a better land. My dream is to go back to God because I came from God. I am going to go back to God. Hallelujah. Some people love those countries so much. But I tell you, I've been in some of them. Well, the people there are really wonderful, but there's no I've not seen honestly speaking a better country than Uganda. Uganda in many ways but today that's not my sermon my sermon I'm talking about another country which is better than Uganda Uganda which is better than America which is better than all these countries that's the country where I am going so therefore I am not defined by what I what is around me now maybe you see a lot of things that look like you are going to be defeated You have a lot of debts and you're poor and you know you have a lot of encumbrances sin that is miss you and many times we look at those situations and we fail to see where we are going but rather let us lift up our eyes. Let us begin to see ourselves as citizens of another country. Let us begin to see ourselves. Amen. With our new bodies. Let us begin talking as if we already have our new body. Let us begin thinking as if we have already overcome the flesh. Let us begin seeing. What others are not saying. Why? Because that's where we are going. Our true origin has already been revealed to us. We now know who we are. We know we are not Ugandan. We know we are not African. We know we are not even people in this earth. Amen. That's why the Bible say a man is in Christ. What does it say? He says in seated in heavenly places even if you're still here but spiritually speaking you are in another dimension. You don't operate in this dimension. You operate in another dimension. Forget about your problem. Amen. How am I able to live? I live by forgetting my problems. Let me tell you friends, if I am going to talk about my problems, I cannot even preach to you this morning. If you are going to overcome the world, you have to go beyond your problems, you have to think beyond your problem. You have to look at the promises of the place where you came from and the place where you are going. That's how we are able to overcome. Amen. When you receive a true identity of a son, then you begin to behave. Amen. Like you have already overcome. Hallelujah. The Bible says Jesus overcame. Jesus conquered. And now he sat down with his father in his throne. And now he says to him that will overcome to him that will overcome. Who is that? Oh, that is me. That's me. To him that will, he will sit down with Jesus in his throne. Amen. Yes, sir. Where are you going to be? You are going to be seated down with God himself because Jesus is sat on the throne of his father. That means you will sit down with Jesus. Hallelujah. That means you will sit down with the father. You are going to have the same original authority that you had lost before. There are many things I have to say this morning. Pray for me. Let me first remove this jacket. that I may be free so I don't get limited. Matthew 16, we read this sometime. He says, I say unto thee that thou art Peter and upon this rock I will build my church and the gates of hell will not prevail against it. What does that mean? Oh my. Those who are behind, are you following? Amen. Brother Peter, God bless you. I want to keep seeing you saying amen. Don't just be quiet. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right. Yes, sir. Now, the Bible here is talking about um the church. Amen. The build upon the revelation of who Christ is. But here's the portion I wanted to throw this out. and the gates of hell shall not prevail against you. So let me ask you sister for what does this mean? It means the gates of hell would be against you. Pastor pray for me problems after problem. I don't know what is wrong with me. Maybe I was even bewitched. Maybe there is someone be I have no peace. Not none of my things move every day. I have problems here. So who is not like that? But let me tell you brother, I will be shocked. I will be surprised if you don't have problems. I will be shocked if you have no problem. If you have no trouble, if you have no issue because the church will have all g of Amen. Amen. One of the vindication that you are the bride of Christ. All hell will be done loose on you. All hell will be done loose on you. Pastor proof. You are the church. Pastor my body. I am suffering with lust. I'm suffering with this issue. Even poverty, no school fear. No one likes me. Everybody's talking about no job. I don't know what is happening. Outside I go. I'm having an issue. I am tired of the life. I want to die. No, you don't want to die. You want to go back where you came from. Hallelujah. That's what you should know. You don't want to die. You want to leave. That's what Paul says. Oh wretched body, wretched man that I am. This body is wretched. In this life we grown. Why are we seeking? We are seeking to be clothed upon with another body. Amen. Amen. So let me tell you because all hell is against you, it proves you are a child of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because I'm coughing, it proves I'm a child of God. But if I looked at my cough and I said I'll not preach, it means I'm looking at my situation. Pastor is coughing. So what is a human being who is looking beyond You're coughing. One day I'm going to be in a body that cannot be touched by anything in this world. What are you going through, brother? Are things okay? I don't know how things are with you, but I tell you what, one time somebody told me, someone who has known a few things have gone through a pastor, you are really a son of God because some of those things to see what you are now. Let me tell you, I can tell you the same thing right now. Amen. to see who you are now. I may not know but God knows and the devil knows what you have gone through and has not killed you and you are here. The devil knows for sure, you know, and God knows. That's why he's speaking to you this morning. The fact that you didn't die, the fact that you didn't fall away, there is something the devil did. Oh, brother Paul, there is something the devil did. And he said with this one, I am going to finish him. I am going to finish him. They will you know there is an accident that can happen and they will not even find your body. The devil said with this one they will not even be able to recognize him. But let me tell you and let me tell the devil you are here because all hell cannot prevail against you. All hell will all hell will try but it will not prevail you. Why? Because you are born to be an overcomer. You are born to live above a sin that easily be. When your husband left you, you thought you're finished. Even in families there are things that can happen until you say God I'm finished but you are here today you are not why are you not finished because you are born to overcome there are things that cannot defeat the child of God and there are some which must happen so that the devil can be proven that this one is overcoming pro is proof not to be overcome. There are things Jesus, the devil did to Jesus that he said with this one for sure I will finish him. And they took Jesus and they begin beating him. They begin beating him. They began beating him, brother. They beat him and beat him and beat him. But with all those stripes, the devil didn't know that he was purchasing our healing. Hallelujah. Amen. With every beating he received, it was healing for you. Healing for you. Healing for you. Healing for you. And the devil saw his overcoming healing. But he did not know through the things Christ suffered, he overcame not only for himself but for you too. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why he's more than a conqueror. We are more than [Applause] Now let me take talk about something. Let me talk about living a life of sin. Did you know you had no choice? You found yourself in this flesh. [Music] Therefore, the things you love to do. Your soul hurts. But your body, your flesh loves. Now, let me talk to you. You are born to overcome the thing your flesh loves. There are a people who will agree with the flesh and they will say I am born this way. I can't fight myself. Have you heard about those people? I can't fight myself. And you you see a woman he begins to say me I'm I'm a man even if I have a woman's body I was born this way because of the feeling because of the feeling I was born this way and they are there and they agree with the devil and the Bible says they become reprobate It's right in the Bible. Oh my I wish I had time. I wish I had time to get into all these details. But but I just feel a nudge of the Holy Ghost to go a little bit on this. For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men who hold the truth in unrighteousness. Because that which may be known of God is manifest in them. For God has showed it unto them. But the invisible things hid from the creation of the world are clearly seen be being understood by the things that are made. Uh-huh. 21 Because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish hearts was darkened, professing themselves to be wise, they became fools. And they change the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible man. 24. Wherefore, God also gave them up. These are people that refuse to believe they can overcome. They changed the glory of God into the image of a man. What did God do? He gave them up to uncleanness through the lust of their own hearts to dishonor their own bodies between themselves. who turned the truth of God into a lie and they worshiped and served the creature more than the creator for this cause. Are you following me church? God gave them up and vile affections for vile affections. For even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature. He's talking about lesbians here. And likewise also the men living the natural use of the woman bing their lust one toward another men with men working that which is unseemly and receiving in themselves that recompense of their error within. And here's the wrath of God. And even as they did not retain God in their knowledge, which means if they retain God in their knowledge, they would overcome. But they disregarded God and they listened to their feelings and they lifted up beyond God. Your feelings is not greater than God. Listen, because they did not retain God in their knowledge. God don't say this, preach it. God gave them over to a reprobate man. A reprobate man to do those things which are not convenient. being filled with all unrighteousness, fornication. Did you know you can overcome forication? But these people, you know, all these demons, sexual demons overcome them because they did not retain God in their anointing. wickedness, cociousness, maliciousness, full of envy, murder, debate, deceit, whisperers, backbiters, haters of God, despiteful, proud, bastards, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents, without understanding, covenant breakers without natural affection, implacable and merciful, who knowing the judgment of God, that they wish commit such things that they they that they know that they that commit such things are worthy of death. not only do the same, but also them that have pleasure in those that do them. I don't believe in fornication, but I will help you and you don't believe in doing a way. I'm not going to support you. I'm not going to rejoice with you. I'm going to tell you where we separate we shall separate stand with the word now. I am preaching to those people who believe they can overcome. If you retain God in your knowledge, you are born to overcome. You are born to overcome. You are born to live above those feelings. Oh God, why do I have this feeling in my body? Because God wants you to overcome. God wants you to live a bad after we have overcome. Oh, after we have overcome, we can all gather together and we will sing a new song. Oh, when the battle is over, we shall weigh a crown. We shall wear a crown. We shall wear a crown. When Oh, we listen. Listen. We are going to wear that because we are the overcomers. Hallelujah. Don't feel sorry of you because you're fighting. Let me tell you, stop. Quit looking at yourself. Amen. You are being defeated because you look at yourself too much, sister, brother. Look at God. He has the power to make it work out. He has the power to help you overcome the world. And then when you overcome, You are going to be a ruler. Hallelujah. You're going to be a king and a priest. Let me tell you something. Your overcoming is not coming in the future. Your overcoming begins here. It begins here. Amen. They that overcome, they will sit with Christ on his throne. Where is the throne? The throne is here. The throne of power, the throne of holiness, the throne of grace. Hallelujah. Amen. You will sit with him when you overcome the flesh. And the Bible says, you shall be a king and you shall be a priest. Why? Because of the redeemer. A king. What? King ruling over every other demon. Ruling over the demons of the world, the demons of deceit, the demons of worldliness, living a Christian life. What are you doing? You are a king. In whose domain? in God's domain. We are spiritual kings now. We are spiritual kings now. Do not allow any other dominion to rule over you. Do not permit any other dominion to rule over you. We are priests giving spiritual sacrifices of our lips and hands worshiping God. That's why you're clapping your hand. That's why you're saying hallelujah because you're a priest. Your life is being waved before the world as an example. Am I preaching to someone this morning? You are a king now. You are a spiritual kingdom. But time is coming. Time is coming where you are going to be a physical king. [Applause] Amen. The saints will rule the world. The saints of the Lord shall take the kingdom. Shall take the kingdom. Shall take the kingdom. The saints of the Lord shall take the kingdom and reign forever more. Amen. When I say we know no defeat, you say hallelujah. We know no defeat. We know no defeat. Jesus is the captain no defeat. We win all the defeat. Jesus is the cupcake. Jesus. Come on, give the Lord a praise. I tell you what, friends, we are living in that hour where we are about to switch dimensions. When we see the events that are happening in the world, we see clearly it's just about home time who loves the world. But there are some of us preparing to overcome completely. Amen. I have 8 minutes. Listen, I'm guessing the opening scripture. You see, the hail gates of hell shall not prevail against it. We are Abraham's seed. That means we too must possess the gates of our enemy because the promise to Abraham was your seed shall possess the gates of our enemy. We are the seed of Abraham. I am born to possess over the king. Amen. Amen. I am born to possess the gifts of sadness. Amen. The gifts of sadness, the G of sickness, the gifts of problems, the gifts of fear, the gifts of sin. Amen. Again of evil, of fornication, amen, of lasciviousness. I am born to possess every gift. the gates of poverty. My mind must be changed. I am born to possess these gifts. Listen, listen, church. I am not just preaching to you a good Sunday morning service. I am declaring to you the word of God. You can choose to believe it and you'll be changed or you can remain the way you are. Hallelujah. We are here to overcome. Tell your neighbor you are here to you are here to overcome. Tell them until they believe it. Come on, somebody tell your neighbor. Don't just be quiet. Tell your neighbor. If you're not telling your name, it means you already. Hallelujah. I am here to overcome. I must live above. Amen. Amen. I must sit with Christ in his throne. I refuse to be a refuse. bound to rule. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Yes, sir. Remember we are the pure beaten work of God. Now, now seven golden candlesticks. Amen. And he says Exodus 25:31 And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold of work shall the candlestick be made. Let me read it again, brother. Trust yourself. You can get it. And thou shalt make a candlestick of pure gold. Of beaten work shall the candlestick be made. His shaft and his branches, his bowels and his kn and his flowers shall be of the same. But the Bible says the true church of Jesus, the bride is likened to pure gold. Her righteousness, the true church is pure gold. Okay. The true church is equals to pure God. Are you following me? What does that mean? Our righteousness is his righteousness. Some of you have not had it. His righteousness, your righteousness is his righteousness. Hallelujah. Even if you think you're already in in a defeated life, just hear the word. When you hear the word, receive it, accept it. And you know what? Before you know it, you will realize you are the righteousness of God. It has happened. How does it happen? There's nothing you have to do. only believe. You only have to believe it. That's why you must say amen whether you feel you have realized it or not yet. Amen. You have attained it or not. Just believe it. Her righteousness is his righteousness. Her attributes are his own glorious attributes. Now listen to this part. Amen. Amen. Amen. Her identity identity found in him in Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. What he is. What he is. as she is to reflect what he has. She is to manifest. [Music] [Applause] So if what you have is not what he has, don't you worry. You must manifest what he has from beginning to ending. She is the work of our Lord. And all his works are perfect. In fact, in her is summed up and manifested the eternal wisdom and purpose of God. How can one fathom it? How can one understand it? We cannot understand it. can accept it by praise. So God has spoken. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let me rehearse this a little bit. Amen. For me, I see how I will feel. You can rehearse it for you. My righteousness. My righteousness is his righteousness. My attributes are his own various attributes. My identity is found in Christ. What I what Christ is I am to reflect it. Amen. Amen. Amen. What he Christ has to manifest. Amen. There is no fault in me. There is no fault in me. Fault. F. There is no fault in me. Hallelujah. Brotherhu will take away your word there is no fault. Amen. Hallelujah. I am I am all glorious within. and without. So when you see me, you see the glory of God, I am glorious within and without. Hallelujah. Amen. From beginning to end, I am the work of my Lord and all his works. Now you know why he says he's coming for a perfect without is someone getting revelation though I cannot understand it I can accept it by faith God has seen it God has spoken I believe it now let me get you to the second Not only are you a candlestick of gold, you are a candlestick of beaten gold. Handcrafted of beaten gold. According of beaten gold. according to her blueprints which were given spirit given outside of your Lord and Master Jesus Christ. [Music] There has never been a people so beaten and purged as the bride of Christ. Surely she is filling up the suffering. She she she's filling up the sufferings of Christ. Yes. That he left behind. Her goods are plundered. Her life is in geopy. She is accounted as sheep for the slaughter. She's killed all the day long. She suffers much. If you can say it's me, Lord, Lord, does me she suffers much, but in it all retaliates not. Neither does she cause others to suffer. Worthy of the gospel is this lovely bride of Christ. And as gold is malleable, whereas brush will break with a beating. This God of God will bear her suffering for the Lord. This gold of God, this gold of God will bear her suffering for the Lord. I am the God of God. I am the God of God. Hallelujah. And I will bear the my suffering for my Lord. Not bowed, not bowed, not broken, not destroyed, but formed as a thing of beauty and joy forever by the trials and testings of this life. No, maybe I've been going through things in your life and until sometimes you said, "Lord, this is too much for me." Listen to me. I'm preaching to you this morning. It's not too much if you are the bride. It's not too much if you are the gold because it says you are not bound. You are not broken. You are not destroyed but you are formed as a thing of beauty by the trials and the sufferings of his life. How many are suffering? your sufferings. God, Amen. is making something beautiful. Hallelujah. You are God. Don't you worry. You will not break a break. You will not bow. You be deformed. God is forming in you. A thing of beauty. Amen. Amen. Now I know who I am. My beauty is found in him. Wherever he leaves me, I will go. Whatever happens to me, if it is his will, I will agree because I know he has a good plan for my life. I know I must overcome. Let suffering come. I will not fear because even though I walk through the valley of child of I will fear no evil. for you goeth before me. [Applause] Hallelujah. But the problem believers fear suffering. Believers fear problems. Don't you worry if you have problems. They are there to test you and mold you. Temptation is there to mold you. Don't fall to it. fall walk through it. He leadth me through the fire. He doesn't let the fire go, but I walk through it. He never promised that there won't be fire, but he promised to walk with me. You don't see them praying, "Oh, God, bring down the fire." No, but God was with them. And they knew it. They were ready to go and be burnt by the fire. But they know, Amen. If it is his will for us to burn, we will not bow. We will not bend. before bow we will stand strong when everybody's bowing. Let me tell you brother. Hey, listen to me sister. Don't bow before your problem. Don't bend for your problem. Don't be broken by your issues. Stand strong through here. See yourself as an overcomer. That's not me talking to you. That's the Holy Ghost. I'm speaking to you in the name of the Lord. Receive it. Don't deny it. Receive it. Accept it. Move through it. [Applause] Hallelujah. Don't burn before it. Burn through it because you are God. You are God. God does not burn through the fire. God is filtered by the fire. God is straightened by the fire. God cannot be vanquished by the fire. That's why God allows the fire to come to you because of who you are. Hallelujah. [Applause] No one else could go through what you are going through. Amen. God allows you to go through what you're going through because he trusts you can go through. He knows what you're made of. If you knew you are brass or aluminium, he would not have let you go through the fire. Aluminium will also but gold is gold. It go through the fire and is just made pure is beaten and made pure. Don't become bitter in your heart. Are you listening church? Don't become bitter in your heart. Don't become bitter. Many believers become bitter. When he become bitter, the Holy Spirit stops working. He is a sweet spirit. That's why when he comes over you, you just begin loving everyone, no enemies because of the Holy Spirit. Be sweet. Don't be embittered by the things you are going through in your life. the things you're going through in your life are only there to perfect you. Hallelujah. Now, in this 10 minutes, I want to read for you something here. In his own personal life, contending with himself is talking of Christ. That happens with us every day. contending with himself. He didn't want to go to the cross. Can you actually believe that he contended with himself? You are contending with yourself. He overcame. Hallelujah. How did he overcome? He overcame by obedience to the word of God. Hebrews 5:7. It says, and I had it marked out here. I have no time to read everything for you, but it says, praise the name of the Lord. Listen carefully now. Who in the days of his flesh? Hallelujah. who in the days of his flesh when he had offered up prayers and supplications with strong crying in tears unto him that was able to save him from death and was hard in that he feared. Praise the name of the Lord. Amen. And listen, listen now. Though he was a son, yet learn obedience by the things which he suffered. Are you following me now? He learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation. unto all them that obey him. The Bible says he became an high priest. Not he didn't make himself one. It is God who chooses a priest. He chose him to be a priest. You two are chosen. But he had to become obedient by the things which he suffered. What? Listen church. What was Christ obedient to? To the word of God. The things you are suffering will break you, mold you and make you obedient to the word. Now then there will not be one person who will sit in the throne of the Lord Jesus the Christ unless he has been living that word. Now I I'm going to read something which would shock you. Open your ears. Listen. Your prayers your fastings your repentances. No matter what you present to God, none of that will gain you the privilege of sitting in that throne. You see why we are not a denomination. You see why this is not just a Pentecostal. This is the message of the hour. We are not going to enter that throne by praying a lot of fasting alone by repenting day and night. We are going to sit in a throne by overcoming. And how are we going to overcome? We are going to overcome the sufferings we are going through. God allows it to come so that it can make us obedient to the word. And then it will be the word or nothing else. And when you are obedient to the word when you're obedient to the word, then you will see that. [Applause] Hallelujah. Obedience to the word bring everything you need. Full obedience. The full word of God will entitle you to the Holy Ghost. If you receive the full word and you obey it, you will receive the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. So what you need in full obedience to the word, it will be granted. What will none of that will gain you the privilege of sitting in our throne? It will be granted only to the word bride. Word bride. That's why you have to feed on the word. Stop running around looking here and there hearing this and that. It's not my words you need. It's the word of the hour that you need. Get into the message. Get into the message. Feed on the message. Feed on it like as if you're dying tomorrow. Hallelujah. You must become a word. We must be a church that is on fire for God. A church that is feeding on the word. If you're feeding on the word, then you're going to be hungry for the coming of the Lord. hungry. Hey, listen to me for telling others what God is doing in this hour. [Music] It will be granted only to the word bride as the throne of the king is shared with the queen [Music] because she is united to him. So only they who are of the word even as he is of that word will share that throne. Hallelujah. Praying has its place. Fasting has it. Repentance has it. We should do all those things. Are you following me? But most importantly, feed on the word. Hallelujah. If you don't, I've done my job as your pastor. I've told you what you ought to do. Don't let it stop here. Go at home. Get the software. Start feeding on the word. Feed on the word. Read the Bible every day. Listen to the message every day. Have a family out in your home. Just be hungry for God. That throne. It's only for the word bride and him. Because the Bible says he the bride groom is the his name is called the word of God. They who are united with him only can sit on that throne. brother eat the word. Remember we have shown clearly all through ages the ages that even as Adam and Eve fell because they left the world. So even a fashion age fell by turning slightly from the word until with every age continuing to turn away. We have a final repudiation, a final rejection of the world by the world church system. This ladian age ends in black out of the word as musicians are coming now thereby causing a departure of the Lord from the mid. He stands outside calling to his own who follow him by obedience to the word. Are you hearing this, brother? After a short and powerful demonstration of the spirit, this little hunted and persecuted group will go to be with Jesus [Applause] on Wednesday. I'm going to take it higher. I will start with that phrase after a short powerful demonstration of the spirit. The little hunted and persecuted bride will go to be with Jesus. So I would like us to meet on Wednesday. be here if you if you really cannot can try to be here and and if you can't maybe some of you who are very fast stream follow this as we are getting into it we are going to look at this short and what he calls the short and powerful demonstration of the spirit the bride is going to have that session the short and powerful powerful demonstration of the spirit and then we'll talk a little bit about the persecution of this group and and how it's coming by the c of churches and revelation 13 and protestant movement and then you know we we'll talk about the coming of the lord but actually We are at a time in history that is very very important. [Music] Everything we are planning in this life is good. But it all ends here. There is something happening spiritually. God is preparing the overcomers off to go and be with Jesus. May God help you. May God help us all to really be in that number [Music] to feed on the word become the word bride. Please stand on your feet. him. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing? We've been made more than conquerors. Does anybody know the standards of that song? Brother Shalom, you know the standards. Brother Amram, you know the standards? We'll sing the chorus. Brother Shalom, if you can come and help me. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother, if you can get the words, put it up for the people. Hallelujah. May God help us. We've been made more than conquerors. [Music] overcomeers in this life. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Well, if you can sing, sing with me now. We've been made. We've been made more than conquerors overcomeers in this life. We've been made. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. Oh, we've been made. We've been made more than conquerors. overcome as in this life. Oh, we've been made. We've been made victorious through the blood of Jesus. Sing one more time. We've been made. We've been made more than coner over in this time. We'll be made victorious through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Wong, are you still here? And I want to say something to you friends as we have our eyes closed. Just listen, friends. It doesn't matter what it is that life has brought your way. Do not be emitted. remain sweet in your life. Don't allow this year to pile up it pile on you. [Music] Nothing of this world deserves your attention. [Music] Put your attention on Christ. Put it on Christ. Whatever he wants you to become, you will become. The devil has no power to hinder it. Trust in God. Trust in his word. Feed on the word and you know the word will bring forth the life of Christ in you. It's not a one day event. It's not a just a going and reading or listen to one message and you set up. It's a lifestyle. Get in and get shut in with God. Let the things of the world be deemed away. Let all the things of the world Amen. Let it let it all be deemed away. [Music] Let it become nothing. Let Christ become your Lord. really your Lord. There is some cleaning we need to do. Oh saints, there's some cleaning we need to do in our individual lives. If you have something to repent of, do it and let a life a new life, a life of Christ take over in your life. Do not let anything rule over you. Don't let anger anguish you and the immoral living. There is a better life. There's a better life. There is a better life. Christ the spirit today. Set your wings on the winds of faith. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord Jesus. Can the song leaders help me to sing that? Set your wing on the winds of faith. Oh hallelujah. Somebody knows how to to sing that song please. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. You can fly in a higher place. Fly. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Sing that one more time. Set your wheels. Set your Hallelujah. Oh, you can fly. [Music] Come on now. Sing it. You struggle [Music] by set your wings to the wind of f [Music] to roll. [Music] You made it one by side and one by faith. Oh my. Take the word of God. Oh, what you see. What you believe is what will be. Set your wheel. [Applause] Oh, to the wings of faith. You can fly. Oh, through the high do the struggle. is my gra. Hallelujah. Just set your way to the wind of faith. Listen to this one now. Watch your knees. Watch your crime. Watch your mountain. [Music] Speak the word of God. And by and by your mountain will move. Oh, you will fly. Set your wings. Set your wings. Oh, to the wings of you can fly. I don't struggle struggle [Applause] [Music] your way. Listen to this now. Approach the eagle in the sky. He does not struggle. He does not try. He is for the power. Hallelujah. That makes s you can fly in a higher higher. Do not struggle. Struggle. Oh, is my bre your way to the wind of f. Before we go, just use this time to wash your speak to him. Just worship him a little bit. Amen. And let your needs be known. Thank him for speaking to you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is our God is tremendous. [Music] Amen. He never fails. He has spoken to you. He will now perform it. Just worship him. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Whatever. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Father, yes. We pray. Oh, [Music] thank you. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. [Music] tonight. [Music] Do not struggle. He's my praise. Set your way to the world. Set your way. Set your way to the faith. You can fly in a high dole [Music] by the way. Set your way to face it again. Let your way of you can find in a higher gra [Music] it's by grace set You [Music] are f once again. I'll set your wings to the wind of f. You can fly in a high [Music] [Applause] dole by grace. Set you [Music] to the wings of fear. One more time. Set your wings [Music] to the wind of faith. You can fly in the higher place. Do not struggle. It's my grace. Set your way to the we set your way [Music] in. I can on today what the moral may bring his sunshine on sh. I know my soul all of my worries fing [Music] by faith in Jesus abound. trusting confiding in his great love. From all I'm saying is sheltering out. I'm living by faith. I feel all la. [Music] I can on today what the tomorrow may bring. Shadow, sunshine or rain. The Lord I know ruleth over everything and all of my worry is vain. I'm living living by faith in Jesus abound. [Music] trusting confiding in his great love. [Music] From all I'm saveing [Music] up, I'm living by faith. I feel all alone. No tempest may blow on the storm clouds arise obscuring the brightness of life. [Music] I live by over God's time. The master looks on the st I'm living. Glory Jesus abide [Music] trusting confiding in his great love from all I'm save is sheltering out I'm living by faith I feel all alone. I know that you safely will carry me through. No matter what evils be tight, what should I in the tempest may blow if Jesus walks close to my side and living by faith in Jesus abound trusting [Applause] Oh, in his great love from all s [Music] my [Music] feel alive. Our Lord will return to this awesome sweet day. Our troubles within all behond [Music] bless heavenly show. I'm living. Oh yes, Jesus. I'm trusting fighting in his great love. [Music] from all I'm saying it is sheltering living [Music] once again. The Lord will return to this awesome sweet day. Our troubles will they all be old. The master so gently will lead us away beyond the bless heavenly show. He is living. Oh, in Jesus our back trusting in his great love [Music] from all s living. [Music] Oh, one more time. Yes, I'm living. Oh Jesus trusting. Oh, he is great love from all of sheltering living. I feel all the hallelujah myself Lord I pray. Oh kind he heavenly father, we are so thankful to you Lord Jesus this afternoon father we want to thank you so much father Lord for you've really blessed us this afternoon father and Lord Jesus our hearts Lord Jesus are filled with joy and happiness father we've been delivered father we've been blessed father we've been Lord healed Lord Jesus oh may some of us were held captive Father, Lord Jesus, by the powers of the devil, Father, but this evening, Father, the powers of the devil have been broken. Oh Lord, Father, Lord Jesus, we are knowing who we are, Father. And Lord Jesus, oh my God, some of us, Father, Lord, have caught that revelation, Father, of knowing who we are, Father. Maybe some of us have not yet, Father, Lord Jesus. But I still pray for them, Lord Jesus. Oh my God. Thank you so much, Father, Lord Jesus, for your word, Lord. Your word shall always not return unto the void, but it shall always accomplish that which it was purposed for, Lord. Father, now your word has been preached, Lord. Father, and the prophet says, Father, Lord, that whenever the preacher preaches, Father, that Lord Jesus, we as the believers, Father, we ought to act upon the sermon. Father, Lord Jesus, and live the sermon, Father, I pray, Lord, as we will go, Lord Jesus, in our own places, Father, wherever we will be, in our public places, in our private places, Father, that we will be able to leave us someone, Lord, in this life, that we'll be able, Lord, to leave a testimony, Lord Jesus, there's somebody, Lord, those who knows us and those who don't know know us, Father, that they will see Christ in our lives, that they will see God living in us. Father, Lord, I pray, Lord Jesus, for your children, Lord, as now, Lord, Father, they're going, Lord Jesus, now to leave this place to go, Father. Lord, I pray for them that you'll keep on blessing them. You'll keep on, Lord, Father, revealing yourself to them, Lord Jesus. I pray for them, Lord Jesus. Or all the families, Lord, bless them. Bless the young ones. Bless the old people, Lord Father. Bless each one of us here, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, fill us all with your spirit, with your power, Lord Jesus. Oh my God, that we won't remain the same again. The Lord Jesus, we will live, Lord, Father, always in our lives, Father, to sing a new song, Father. Lord Jesus, oh my God, to testify in our lives that you are the same yesterday, today, and forever, Father. Oh, bless Lord Jesus the saints online. Father continue also to bless them Father and be with them Father as now we are dismissing Father leave this place I pray Lord Jesus as we depart Lord Father in physically Lord but I pray that in spirit let's remain together praying for one another Lord Jesus oh my God in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ oh God bless the pastor Lord father who has been able to bless Lord your children this afternoon may you strengthen his body. May you Lord Jesus bless him our father. Lord Jesus oh with all the blessings father with all the spiritual blessings father and touch him Lord Jesus oh my god in the might that next time father that you will be able to bless us lord father once again more and more father that you'll bless us through him lord in the name of Jesus Christ I I pray this believing in your name Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You're all dismissed. Amen. Have you all been blessed this afternoon? Hallelujah. Has the Lord been good to you? Are you happy? Hallelujah. Amen. Don't forget the team lead us to remain behind and those those that will need to attend the meeting. Amen. Oh, then cheer my brother. Cheer. Oh, I try your own beer. I love the ones we shall we shall meet upon the garden shore. We piling a city to come. The light boat soon is coming to gather the juries. Oh, then cheer my brother. Oh, I try soon be over our loved ones. We shall we shall meet upon the garden show. We appre strangers see how we are seeking a city to come. The lifebo soon is coming together the jew. Oh, we are floating down the stream of time. We have no long to stay in our stomach of darkness. We turn to brightest day. Then let our s car for we're not left alone. Then go soon is coming together the jewels be over our love the ones we shall we shall meet upon the garden shore my rever str we seeking a city to come for the lifebo soon is army to gather the Jewish home. Oh, sometimes the devil tells me and says it's all in vain to try to live a Christian life and walk in Jesus name. But then we hear the master say, "I lend your helping hand. And if you only trust me, I guide you to the land of mine. Cheer tri. Our loved ones we shall we shall meet upon the golden shore. We big reason strangers the obvious a city to come. The lifebo soon is coming to gather the Jewish home. The lifebo soon is coming by eyes of faith. See as she speak through the waters to resue and me and love our sly in the boat with friends we love so dear get ready cries the captain although she's almost here then cheer my brother the My loved ones we shall we shall meet upon the garden shing. [Music] Oh my it's coming to the resort. Oh now's the time to get on board. Well she is passing by. But if you stand and wait too long, you shall forever die. The fear is faithful when I know the captain did you come. [Music] I p you car. Oh then cheer my brother cheer our tri will soon be over our loved ones we shall we shall meet upon the garden shore we big and we string city to come and life soon is coming together one more time for cheer my Brother who I try some our loved ones we shall wish we sh upon the garden shore we big dreams and real strangers here we are seeking a city to come the lightboard soon is coming to gather the Jews Hallelujah. [Music]
