################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-07 - 25-1207M Political Man-oeuvres That Obscure The Vision Pt.3  Bro Talemwa Busobozi - Talemwa Busobozi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-12-07
Title:   25-1207M Political Man-oeuvres That Obscure The Vision Pt.3 // Bro Talemwa Busobozi
Speaker: Talemwa Busobozi
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIsiYP_cGn8
========================================

Hey, hey, hey. I worship your holy name. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name and sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship your home. The sun comes up. The sun comes up. It's a new day. young. It's time to sing your song again. Whatever may pass it, whatever lies before me, let me be singing. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, the worship. &gt;&gt; Holy name, sing like never. Oh my soul, oh my soul. &gt;&gt; Yes. I worship your holy name. You're rich in love and you're slow to anger. Your name is great. And your heart is kind. For all your goodness I will keep on singing. 10,000 reasons for my heart to find. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh, worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul I worship you. Oh bless the Lord. Bless the Lord my soul. Oh my soul I worship. Holy name I sing like never before. Oh my soul I worship your holy name. And on the day when my strength is failing, the endur and my time has come. Still my soul will sing your praise unending. and rose and down forever. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Oh my soul, I worship his holy name and sing like never. Oh my soul. Bless the Lord. Always my soul my soul. I worship his holy name. Sing like never before. Oh my soul, I worship you. Oh, holy name. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. My soul, I worshiping you. Holy name, sing like never. &gt;&gt; Oh my soul, oh my soul, I worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, bless the Lord. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord, oh my soul. &gt;&gt; Oh my soul. My soul I worship you all. Sing like never before. Oh my soul I worship you. Dear loving Jesus, we are here Lord Father to bless your name this morning. I want to thank you father for this grand privilege you've given to us Lord to be in your house once again father I thank you Lord for everyone gathered here Lord Jesus in your name and Lord Father since we are gathered here Father Lord I believe that also your presence is here with us today father Lord Jesus I thank you for your children I thank you for your grace Lord you've always given to us father Lord I thank you Lord Jesus I pray Lord that you come Lord be with us Father. May you come and bless us Lord Jesus today. May Lord Jesus come renew our minds father bless our hearts. Fill us with joy and happiness father. Lord yeah heavenly father let us enjoy your praises this morning. Let us enjoy Lord Father. Let us enjoy everything Father. Lord, the blessings in your presence. Father, come Lord Jesus. May the brokenhearted, Lord, heal the sick and afflicted. Father, bless each one of us, oh God almighty. I pray Lord Jesus for our pastor who will preach to us Lord today. I pray that you use him Lord Father. Strengthen him, give him the grace, Lord, and anoint him, Father. Anoint each one of us, Father Lord, that at the end of the service, Father Lord, we will leave with testimonies, Father Lord, with changed hearts, changed minds, Father Lord, giving you all the glory, Father. And also, Lord Jesus, I remember, Lord, Father, pray for the needs of the people here this morning, Lord. And all those who are following us online, Father, I pray for them. Oh, Lord Jesus. Bless them, Father. Meet all our needs, Father, this morning. I pray believing all this in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I greet you all in Jesus name. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Happy to see each one of you. Hallelujah. Thank you for coming to the house of the Lord. Just stand around, shake somebody's hand, greet them, welcome them in the house of the Lord. We are together again, just praising the Lord. We are together again in one accord. Something good is going on. We are together again. Oh, just praising the Lord. Oh my. We are together again. &gt;&gt; Just praising the Lord. We are together again. Something good is going to happen. Something good in the stor. We are together again. Just praising. &gt;&gt; Sing it again. We are together again. Just praise. We are together again. Something good. Something good is going to happen. Something good. Is it so? We are together again. Oh, &gt;&gt; one more time. We are together again. &gt;&gt; Oh, just praising the Lord. We are together again. Oh, and wonderful. Something good, something good is going to happen. We are together again. &gt;&gt; Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my son. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be. &gt;&gt; Blessed be my son. Oh my. Come and find the Lord with me. He is worthy to be praised. Might give the Lord the Lord. &gt;&gt; He is worthy. He is worthy to be praised. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the ro. Bless be the rock of my salvation. Just one more time. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the ro. Blessed be the rock for my salvation. Hallelujah. Just feel free to give the Lord a shout to give him a dance. Clap your hands. Let us enjoy. Hallelujah. So my lord, the movie is on. The movie is on. My lord, the movie is on. I can hear in a m and I know. Yes, I know the movie. Oh, the movie. Oh, the movie. Oh, the movie s the movie. I can hear the song and I know. Yes, I know the movie. Oh yes, I'm moving brother. Move on sister. This is a moving day. Oh, move a little closer. Well, we are going for the movies. The movies. The movies I can hear and I know you the movie. The movie is on. My lord, the movie. The movie is on. My Lord and I know. Yes, I know. Let's cl your hands up. And I know yes I know the movie. Listen up. It's your season to be blessed. God made your promise used to the day. It's going to open the window for you a blessing. And it's your season to be blessed. It's your season. for to be God made a promise is to the going to open the window for you are a blessing. It's your season to be. It's my season. It's my season to be blessed. God make me call me eyes to the tears. Going to open the window out of blessing. It's my season to be blessed. I'm blessing the city. I'm blessing the field. I'm blessed going out. I'm bless coming in. He's going to open the windows coming out of blessing. Oh, he's my season to be blless. This my season. I've been through the fire and through the fire. I've been through the fling here because of his blood. He's going to open the window of blessing. That is my sing to be blessed. Oh, he's my season to be blessed. God made a promise to the tears. He's going to open the window. Oh, I need my season to be one more time and sing my season. A promise I taste. He's going to open the windows. I'm out of blessing. It's my season to be blessed. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Praise God. It's my season. It's your season to be blessed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister P has a song. God bless you, saints. I want to sing a song that says, "Fill my cup, Lord. Like a woman, I was seeking in that norms satisfy. Then I heard my savior speaking drove on my will that run dry. you my cup. I lift it up Lord. Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, fill me till I want no more. Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. And fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up Lord. Come and w this sting of my soul. Bread of heaven feed me till I want no more. Feel my cup. Fill me up and make me whole. I'm in this world. who are seeking the pleasures that leave things afford. that none can go earthly treasures that I find in Jesus Christ my Lord. Feel my cup Lord I lift it up Lord. Come and quench the disgusting of my soul. Bread of heaven fe no more. Feel my cup, fill it up and make me whole. So my things this hunger that just won't pass away. My blessed Lord will come and save you. You will yield to him and heavenly pray. I lift it up Lord. Come and quench this dusting of my soul. Oh, bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Feel my cup, fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord. Come and quench this thirst of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Feel my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more. Feel my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Oh, feel my cup. Feel my cup, Lord. Praise God. Sister Deborah has a song after. Sister Deborah, Sister Mariam will sing last. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you church. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Want to sing a song say step in the light. &gt;&gt; Trying to walk in the steps of the savior. Trying to follow a savior king. shaping our lives by his blessed example. Happy, how happy our praises day. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Stepping in the light. Stepping in the light. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Ling parts of life. facing more closely to him who is leading when we are tempted to turn from the wind. Trusting the is strong to defend us. Happy, how happy a jour. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the savior. Stepping in the light. Stepping in the light are beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Lead in paths of life. Walking in footsteps of gentle forbearing. Footsteps of faithfulness. Mercy for the rest we happy. How happy the songs that we bring. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Stepping in the light. Stepping in the light. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Leting paths of life. Trying to walk in the steps of the Savior. Upwards to upward we follow our God. When we shall see him the King in his beauty, happy, how happy our place I desire. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Steing in the light. Stepping in the light. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Leting sunlight. How beautiful to walk in the steps of the Savior. Stepping in the light. Stepping in the light. How beautiful to walk. in the steps of a savior letting paths of life. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you s &gt;&gt; I'm going to sing Psalm 182. I have heard over all that far away. It's a beautiful home of the soul by Jesus on high. There will never shall die. It's a land where we never go. Never grow old. Never grow old in a land where we will never grow. Never grow. Oh, never grow old in a light where we never in a beautiful home where we'll Ever or wrong, we shall be in the sweet by. I'll be praised to the king through a time to see. meets the land where we never shout. Oh, never grow on. Never grow in a land where we will never never grow. Oh, never grow in a life where we never he is done and the life crown is and our trles and trials are more. All our sorrow will end and our voicees land with a love ones who fall be never grow never grow in a land where we Never. Never grow old. never go in a land where we never tell. to tell you to die. Amen. Thank you, sister. That's a wonderful song. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. We appreciate the special songs. &gt;&gt; Amen. We have visitors and sister Gala gift from Caillonga. You'll just wait to the people so we can see you. God bless you. and brother brother Michael from Bala. God bless you brother Michael. Then brother Clement from Kenya. Oh God bless you brother. Amen. And he has his greetings that I'll read you here. says, "Greetings to all, especially to the pastor, freshly from Kenya, now coming from Sata and yet celebrate together the bonds of of love we all have in Christ." Amen. Wish to all wish to all blessed spiritual feast around God's table. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Wishing you all blessed spiritual feasts. Praise the Lord. We are here to have a feast today around God's table. Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, we are happy to have you all our visitors today. Praise God. &gt;&gt; This is Days of the Voice Fellowship where we have no law but love. No book but the Bible. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; And no membership but fellowship. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And we believe that the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all sin. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Well, we are happy to be here in his presence. So, we are going to sing one song as we give in our offerings. Are you happy and you love the Lord? Hallelujah. Oh, bless the Lord, oh my soul, and all that is within me. Bless his home. Lead him. Bless the Lord. The Lord, oh my soul, know that is with thee. Holy in him. He has done. Oh, he has done great things. He has done. Now he has done great things. He has done. &gt;&gt; He has done. &gt;&gt; Bless his holy holy name. He has done. &gt;&gt; He has done praise. &gt;&gt; Oh, he has done great things. He has done great. &gt;&gt; He has done great. &gt;&gt; His holy holy name. Once again he has done. Oh, he has done great things. He has done great things. &gt;&gt; Great things. &gt;&gt; Great. Great. Oh, he has done. Great things. He has done great things. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and glory that is within. Bless his hope. &gt;&gt; One more time. Bless the Lord. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. and all that is with thee is all holy name. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Amen. Well, I'm going to sing a song. The church is moving on. Praise God. As brother Dan prepares to come. Amen. You feel free to stand on your feet. It's a praise song. You can see it if you want. Amen. As brother Dan prep. Hallelujah. Church is moving on. He's moving on. is moving on. The church is moving on. Is moving on. Is moving on. Oh, the church is moving on. Is moving on. Oh, the church the church is moving on. Is moving on. Is moving on. Oh, the brothers are moving on. They're moving on. They're moving on. Oh, the sisters and sisters are moving on. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving the brothers. Come on. The bra. Nothing over. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. He's moving on. He's moving on. He's moving on. He's moving on. Now you will be moving. I'm moving on. Moving on. Moving on. We are moving. We are moving. Hallelujah. We are moving on. I remember brother Martin preached a sermon. I refuse to refuse to back down. Our land fund is moving on. Maybe in your mind the devil has told you, "Ah, this thing is so long. It has taken us long, but we are moving on." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I just want you to be encouraged that we are going to get our land. Who knows? Pastor said he has good news. Who knows? Who knows? So don't be discouraged. So this is our land fund report to our visitors. We have been collecting money and this is our phase two. We we collected for phase one 100 million and we paid it and now we on phase two and we are collecting. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This is week 18. We have seven groups. If you'd like to join one of the groups, you're welcome. Support the cause. We're not just building a maybe we're not just buying land for DVF. We are buying it for the bride of Christ. Whoever will come and fellowship there, we are buying it for you. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; So we have seven groups. We have Paul the names of the stars of the seven church ages. So if you'd wish to join after service, you can come and see me brother Joel. They will lead you to us. &gt;&gt; They will lead you to us. &gt;&gt; Brother Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So this week, this week and Paul collected 45,000 collected 285,000. Can you clap for them? Oh, brother Martin, bless you so much. Martin collected 190. Thank you so much 143,000. Thank you so much. Martin Luther collected 420,000. God bless you so much. &gt;&gt; That was silence. &gt;&gt; What? They collected 10,000. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So, William, they contributed 165,000 God bless you so much. Offering back that is always here. If you feel late, you can come and they collected 2,000. Then the total for this week, it is 1,189,000. Then for the 18 weeks in phase two we have 23 million 700 uh 700 1,200 and we had said we are we going to pay the the man after 3 months. at 30 million so that we can finish the money that was remaining. So if we can calculate here it is I think 6.3 that we are remaining with encourage everyone that pledged please you didn't pledge to us pledge to the lord and I know the lord is going to provide so just g in whatever god towards your pledge And if you've not pledged to support this cause, please you can see us after service. We are going to achieve it. Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you so much. Have a blessed. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let us get on our feet. You can turn once again and shake somebody's hand. Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; Don't forget with a smile, please. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We are going to worship the Lord &gt;&gt; for he deserves our worship. Amen. Hallelujah. your collabor. Oh, help me. Let us sing it. your colo. Yes. are you crazy? You're not Yes. your co have your G. Yes. Yes. We You're welcome. You're not enough. Yes. We live with your for Yes, you see it again. Yes, you can collide. Look how crazy Yes, you are. Oh, how crazy you're You may might holy. Holy c. Where would you s Yes, holy cton. Holy c. Where will you? Yes. Where you might? &gt;&gt; Let's sing that once again. Where would you go? One more time. Where will you start? Where would you? Yes. Where would you? Yes. You will when I Your voice might go now. Holy Got now. Where will you holy? Holy cow. Just sing it again. Holy. Holy. Holy. Where will you start? Hallelujah. Everybody can just speak to the Lord this morning. Just speak to him. Worship him. You can lift up your hands. Praise him. Worship his wonderfully name. He is worthy of your worship. Give him all the glory. Hallelujah. Oh sh Worship the Lord. We are in his praises this morning. Speak to him your own way, your own words. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Yes, sir. There won't break and Lord Wake as our pastor comes this morning. Yeah. &gt;&gt; On your side. I might be on you. We got you my Amaz. Oh yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Come on musicians. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless the Lord, oh my soul. and God that is within me. Bless &gt;&gt; if you have a reason to bless him while you can bless him this morning. Bless the Lord. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord. &gt;&gt; Bless the Lord, oh my soul. Hallelujah. I know that he is within me. Blessing. Well, now sing that one more time. Lift up your voice and bless the Lord one more time. Oh, bless the Lord. Bless the Lord. Oh my soul and all that is within me. Hallelujah. Bless Jes. All right. Lift up your hands and tell him now you have done great. &gt;&gt; All right. Now you're blessing him from your heart. Tell him you have done good things. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Every time we believe you, we see you working. We bless. Oh, come on. Sing it one more time. things for us. You have died. You have died. Oh, we have no other but you have great holy name. Holy name. Oh, we have a reason to worship him, saints, this morning. Hallelujah. Because he has done great things in our life. Amen. Are you not so glad to know that our God never fails. He's always faithful. He always come through when you think you've reached the end. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We bless you, oh God. Amen. If you are going through something also this morning, I want you to believe he will surely come through for you. When I reach the wall, I seen you making a way every time. Allow me to worship him a little bit because I seen him making a way every time. Hallelujah. See him making a way. Open your mouth. Let's sing together. What comes against the wall and it looked as if it was over. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh, we are standing here. You're standing here only because you this is what he has done. You move my hallelujah. Glory to God. You cause to fool with your power. Thank you Lord. There is nothing. Hallelujah. You move mountains. Tell him one more time. If you believe he has moved mountains for you, will you mountain? Oh, you are you see you every time you there is nothing that's impossible because You made my way. Tell him in your heart you made a way. Thank you, Jesus. many times when we think we are failing. That's when you show up Lord to encourage us a little bit. Tell us you're faithful. Oh, thank you Jesus. That's why I can say Lord that you are the one who doesn't fail in all situations. You are unfaithful. My brother, my sister, we have come before him to worship him. We have come before him to worship him. Give the day to him. Don't be in a hurry. Don't be in a hurry. Allow him to come that he will be in your worship. That he will sit in your soul. That he will continue to do mighty things in your life. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Now listen, the testimony that I'm going to give you, it is the reason as to why I'm going to sing this song. Because I've seen the Lord work. His name is Jesus. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Oh god. I know you Yes. Yes. Hallelujah. Yes. Oh, heat. Hey. Hey. might join them. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. when I'm seeing you what a mighty God. Hallelujah. Lift up your voice and worship him from the front to the back. to those that are connected to us by the way of the internet. Even at this moment, I want to remember that little baby Jamaima we've heard from the mother. They're in the hospital right now. Lord Jesus, we are praying for that little one. move in that child's life. Let your presence fill that up where they are with a mighty work of God. Lord, may you prove yourself to be Jesus the ever ever present God, the nonfailing God. Thank you Jesus for touching that child even as the mother is laying her hand on the child that thank you father when we are here this morning to worship you Lord Father Lord those who are here and those who are connected to us wherever they are from Lord bless each and everyone Lord let your presence in our lives and do a natural one. Thank you Jesus. We bless your name. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Let's give him a clap of praise. Please be seated. Amen. We wish we could just worship the Lord the whole day. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. I said, "Praise the name of the Lord." Ask someone, "Do you want to have church this morning?" Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Is the Lord good? Has he been good to you? Now, as I prepare to give you this testimony, I want this brother sang a wonderful, terrific song. Oh, we must sing it again. And how many say we must sing it again? &gt;&gt; Oh, praise God. The church is moving on. But before we do that, please allow me to welcome our friends. But I've joined us this morning from near and far. Sister Veria Katherine from Sata. Can we see you? All right. God bless you. Sister Can Rose also from right over here. God bless you. Thank you for joining us this morning. And um we've also heard from sister by faith from Bujiri by faith and we've already prayed for a child streaming with us this morning. They're in the hospital. Trust that the Lord will move on that child's life and heal her. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then also we've had this morning from siza and family in Washington. There's a reason why I mentioned that because this sister has been like almost a part of us here and she washes if not all maybe some of most of us and um and uh we were blessed to meet her when we were there and I know that they might be watching the service as well. So we send our greetings. Amen. And also uh brother Clement from Kenya right over here. God bless you, sir. And I'll tell you something. You've heard my testimony. When I was and I always tell you when I was in Kenya, I came around and we were having a few brothers and I I then got burdened for my mother for to believe the message and then we started praying with those brothers. How many remember that testimony? And then when I came back to Campala, I found her in the church and and so I was in that brother's house. Uh brother brother Clement is a um a person I've known for many years. He has known me when I was still a boy. And we are happy to have him have you here. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. And also I'm happy to see sister Patricia here this morning. Amen. You know I talked to her last night and the wonderful testimony. You remember I asked you to pray for the cousin. Um they were in the hospital suffering from brain cancer but she told me that the operation went successful and uh they're recovering well. We want to say glory to God. Amen. So you can see I'm trying to hurry because there's quite a lot to cover this morning. Amen. I have two surprises for you this morning. Where are the brothers who sang that song? Brother Dan and brother and brother. Was it? Okay. Yeah. come here and prepare yourself. &gt;&gt; I would like to have all the leaders of the land fund groups to please come forward. All the seven groups. Let's try to make this quick. I know I never told you anything and all that, but we've done this together. Come and stand behind me. Most of them are sisters. Praise God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; This is a wonderful army. Sister Mary, come join them. You've been an assistant. Is there any other who as as an assistant of one of these? If your assistant is there, call them. Come close here. I want the camera to see. The others can even stand by we have a testimony want to tell the church tonight. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. you know, I went to um we we ag we we you know, found we've been praying for a long time and uh if my wife was not in the condition she's in, I would have also asked her to pray. You know, she's standing with me. Praise God. And so when we left the home fellowship, &gt;&gt; so we went to uh the other small little place we call a little shop always. And so the Holy Spirit just moved on my arm. At a time we were maybe about 30. So and then I told the people we need to buy land. First of all, I refused to rent in a school because I felt that these schools had a certain spirit that you go there, they tell you to pay 20,000 a month or 30,000 or 50,000 and you realize I said no, I'm going to not go to we are going to go and rent and pay quite a considerable amount of money. Not because we had it, but because we had a big goal and uh and so we went and rented that place. At that time, we're paying 400,000 shillings. We didn't have it. You know, I I just by faith paid about three or four months and then we started and then from that time the Lord started providing through the people that were coming. And uh you know those of you who are some of you are here most of you are here actually. And uh so then I announced being led of the Holy Spirit that we need to start collecting money to buy our own. And it was a big milestone, a big goal because we needed 150 million by that time. I think four or five years ago and and so we started collecting the money and we got I think about 30 something millions and then we the place became so small for us. We had to move here. We did a lot of renovations and lot of payments. So the money which was much became very and all of you all of us were discouraged. You remember how we were discouraged and so we decided for a few months nothing was happening but one time I was in my at that time of course the way we collected that money was pledges. You know people someone would pledge something and do it. But one time when I was in my little stud place and you know the Holy Spirit gripped me like but no we cannot let this vision die. It is possible. God is able to give us land of our own. Of course most of them younger children students no money. But if God wants to do something, you know, you do something in the direction God wants wants you to go. Then he will start from there. He came to Moses and he asked him, "What do you have?" He said, "A ro." He came to the woman who was crying and saying, "I have nothing." The prophet of God asked her, "What do you have?" She said, "I have a little oil. That's enough." He came to a widow woman, you know, the shunami and and she had nothing. But the prophet of God required a meal and a drink. And she had to give this by faith and God multiply. We We serve a God of multiplication. He he knows how to take a little and multiply. And so then he moved on my heart. And so we decided, you know, I came up and announced to the people what I had decided to do at a time, you know, we were, you know, about maybe 50, 60, 70 people. I can say maybe 50 people something. And so we made an announcement that we needed to start continue with our land fund. And the way we would do it, and forgive me for taking time, but this is important so that everyone can understand. And some of you who have not yet gotten board to do this with us. This is important for you to get the vision to catch the vision. And so I announced to the uh to you here that we are going to take the church and divide it into groups and each group would have a leader. So we we chose with you what the name of each group will be called and we decided that it will be called seven church age messengers from Paul to William. Those are the seven church age messengers. Put them up there, brother. Get that kind of picture if you can. And and so um so we we we said now everyone we wrote a papers and everyone picked at random and uh you found yourself in the group you are in now. I found myself in Martin Luther. You found yourself where? You found yourself where John Paul Martin &gt;&gt; sorry Martin John and so these people have been steering the wheel for us and some of you don't like them anymore. because they call you and they tell you what are you giving this week and some of of the people and others have left the church because they felt the church was money minded because they they came from churches where they are used to the pastor or some people doing everything for them. But here at DVF, we believe no one is going to do anything for us. Each of us are going to do it together. We should not burden one person or two or three. I should have had a bigger amen from you. And so these ones have been driving them through misunderstandings, through whatever. They pressed forward. None of them came to me and told me we I want to give up. Can we give them a a very hot cup? &gt;&gt; Amen. Others have done more than others, but all of them have done something and together with you the congregation. Clap for yourselves. And we've had people that are not even members of the church here. that these people have recruited to contribute in their groups. Do we have um uh um Habert here this morning? All right. I would like you to stand, sir. No one on the camera. Our media department I'm going to fire you. So, this gentleman and you know I know he has accused me for picking on him like we did on the campus but you know in the sense of membership of being baptized and you know a believer he's not yet there but he told me he's not an unbeliever but here's what I want to say he's a friend of mine all the way from college. And so he's done a lot of work for us in the youth camp and many of the things he does it without being paid. The Lord the angels will clap for him and also you know he told me every month I'm going to deposit 60,000 from one of the he has two groups. Because when he came in here to visit who who asked him Joel asked him which group is that Paul who put him in another group and also so both of them attacked him they said brother join our group and give us something. So he committed 60,000 every month to each of these groups. He's given two groups. The one you are considering not to be a member of your church yet. He said this is his church but not yet fully. We are claiming you in the name of Jesus Christ. But what am I saying? Some of you have done nothing. If you do nothing, God will raise people like brother. What I'm saying, God is able to do anything. And I want to say sir, God bless you so much for your support. We've had people like uh sister, what's the name of that? Sister, pastor Jess's wife. She's given some like a lot of money. I don't want to mess up the figure, but she's given a lot of money. Every now and then, she even pledged. She fulfills her pledge. We've had people like Sister Lisa, the one I mentioned over I think about two years. every now and then she would send in something and we were always announcing it on the on the for the land fund and different uh who did you recruit? Who was this? &gt;&gt; Sorry, Mr. Pastor Gideon. She recruited him in that group. She's a woman of valor. She went to him and and and and told him, "Pastor, we are collecting money in our church to buy land. He gives her money every week. Every week. &gt;&gt; Yet they also have projects in their church. Make sure I don't forget any of your sister from Sweden. That's I didn't even know about her. The sister get recruited her and she's been giving. Is it weekly or every now and then? every once in a while she's been giving something. I say we appreciate that. &gt;&gt; We appreciate that. &gt;&gt; And uh who else has somebody that you you want me not to forget? &gt;&gt; Sister Dina. Oh yeah. Sister Dina from Boston. &gt;&gt; She's a member here but moved there and and so she's been also giving regularly every week. Friends, this is what I'm talking about. When you lay down the vision and some people catch the vision, God always brings it to pass. If you don't catch the vision, God will raise somebody else. And so we started collecting that money. And now time came last year. Was it this early this year? We used over 30 million shillings in the in the in the in the youth camp. We've had a lot of setbacks and all the money and we needed to pay 100 million. But let me tell you, God moved and we raised that money in not less than three, I think was it three, two, three months and we were able to pay the first installment on the land which we had seen. I have looked for land until I I failed. But then, Sister Susan, is she hear this? Please stand up sister. Let us give her a clap. Amen. So sister Susan when we came in a meeting she tells me she tells us she has seen a land near her place. So we went and saw the land. The moment I saw it I knew this is the land and everybody that went there loved the land. Everybody said the land is good flowing with milk and honey. And so we paid by faith. We met this gentleman. No one gives you money rather a land unless you have paid all the money or a considerable like agreement where you're going to maybe three months. This land is 220 million. You know at first we wanted 150 but as time goes on land increases the price 250 20 million and God provided 100 million. We paid 100 million and the gentleman made an agreement with us that we which was a miracle. Another business person had come. Listen. And he wanted to take that to to buy that piece of Was it you who gave me the news? The other lady told you it was you. Come, come and come and tell the people just one minute. &gt;&gt; The lady told us that uh there is they had two client. This person works for the government and he wanted to first pay 100 million. Then he gave them something like 3 months to pay the balance. Then she also mentioned a client who had all the money. And then she told us that she asked her boss that how comes that this way they have just given you of 10 million and then you refuse and yet this one is giving all and then she say that uh okay I don't remember very well what she the answer the gentleman gave me. I wish you could finish the story, but we don't have time. Two clients, they had more money than us. But they turned them down. Why? Because I had met this gentleman. And I told him my burden. And I said, "Help me reach our generation with the gospel of Jesus Christ. We may not pay you the way you want. The blessing God will give you will be bigger than the money. So he accepted to give us the money. We the land we pay him 100 million and the rest of the money which is 120 million to pay it in one year. That's a miracle 12 months. And so each which means 120 million divide by 12 months that's about 30 million shillings every every um rather that's a we we did four quarters which has three months each. So every month 10 million that means every quarter every first every quarter 30 million. So this um the their office contacted me while I was in Canada and they said the time is done first quarter. We need our 30 minutes. I told him, "I'm away for on a mission. When I come back, I will pay you." And we had about 179. And so I arrived back and we we were looking for the funds. Don't have the funds. And um so I knew I had to go meet them. I went with the brothers. Why did we go there? Yes. Uh was it this week? &gt;&gt; Friday. &gt;&gt; This last Friday and uh we we met of course I went there like a rich man who has all the money in the world. You know brothers impression matters a lot cuz when I called on the phone and and the lady told me how much do you have I told her I'm going to bring 20 million and then she talked to our boss our boss said no tell the pastor we can't take 20 million we want 30 million so we came back to you we told you we don't have the money we need to get but the money didn't come as we expected You have been giving what you can. We all have been giving what we can. And there's some money which was collected for youth camp. So we we collected as much as we can borrowing some from the youth camp. If last year we borrowed the youth camp what for from land fund why can't we borrow from youth camp for land? You understand? So, and then we were able to get a total of 25.5 million. So, I went I knew it was on the account. We wrote a check for it and we went. So, of course, he's he's happy to see us. He's thinking that we are going to pay the 30 million me. know we have 25.5 and so we I tell him by the way um I'm not you know like trying to plead I'm I was giving a statement I said by the way for now we have 25.5 you want to pay it and then to see if we can get the the first title &gt;&gt; it was like throwing a stone in bees to hear what comes Do you know what he answered? He said, "It's all right, pastor." I thought he had not had me. I thought he had not added. So I said what I'm meaning we are going to pay 25.5 now so that the whole overall balance remains 95 and also we want our first title. That's what I was meaning. He looked at me. He said it's all right here. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. It is not mine. It is for the church. Let them touch it and feel it &gt;&gt; so that we get hope. We pledged on this second phase almost the remaining money is all pledge almost. I think this ring about maybe 15 or whatever million the rest is all pledge which means if we you decided to fulfill your pledge now you can pay up that land tomorrow and when you give your in your pledge you give as much as you can we will get this done with We build the church and we focus on the vision. Praise God. Praise God. Tell someone if you pledged and you not fulfill it, you're putting us behind. I he told me we want to transfer the title first. I said before we transfer it, I want to show my people that the land is ours. The land is ours on this title. We are not going to have we are going to have days of the voice ministry of the voice. We're not building a family kind of thing. We're building a a place of worship for you, for your children and their children. If the Lord carries Tell your neighbor, "We can do it. We can do it." Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, I think it's a good time to sing. The church is moving. Let us stand on our feet. We sing. &gt;&gt; Well, if you want to sing, of course, you will not go back just like that. You have to move back as you're moving. because we're singing that song. Get a microphone. Get a microphone. The church is moving on. &gt;&gt; He's moving on. &gt;&gt; The church is moving on. Is moving on. &gt;&gt; Okay. Wait, wait. You cannot sing this song. While they were singing it on on the screen, I was watching some I say the church is moving on. You can't move when you are static. You have to move church. &gt;&gt; The church is moving on. He's moving on. When is moving on? Oh, the church is moving on. He's moving on. He's moving on. The brothers are moving on. I'm moving on. Oh, I'm moving on. Sisters are moving on. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. Is moving on. Oh, is moving on. Is moving on. Moving. We are moving. moving. Oh, we are moving. We are okay. Now, can you begin moving? Fire come. We are moving. We are moving. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You're going to change that. You're going to change that. I want us to change that key and sing it. The church is moving on. It's moving on. It's moving on. The church is moving on. It's moving on. I'm moving on. Moving on. It's moving on. Well, let's have a moment of praise. That's okay. God is moving on. He's moving on. He's moving on. Moving on. is moving on. Every is moving on is moving on. The brother moving. The brother will be moving. I will be a master. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. We are moving. Feel free to dance. Come on. Oh, nothing stop. Nothing can stop us now. Is moving on. He's moving on. He's moving on. Let me show you. Let me show you now. Come on, get in the club with a shout of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; When the ark came back, David danced. It is spiritual to sing and dance when you are happy. It is cannot to behave spiritual when God has done something for you. Some people are very religious. Praise God. It is spiritual to be happy when God has done something. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory. Glory. Glory. &gt;&gt; Yes sir. Please be seated. &gt;&gt; Amen. This service today is a different service and so just in your mind commit as much time as you can. Praise God. There's something else I want to bring to this morning. No. And I saw brother Joel dancing in a different way. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Brother Joel, come and tell us why. Praise God. I I promise that wherever You may go wherever you from this moment on. I want you to know I never will you now about what God was thinking. when he knew everything I would come true about The sun made the moon to harmonize and perfect. One can't move without the other. Have to be together. &gt;&gt; And that is why I know it's true. You're for me and I'm for you. Cuz my world just can't be right &gt;&gt; without you in my life. I wonder what God was thinking when he knew everything. You must keep praying. &gt;&gt; I've been praying. &gt;&gt; I've been praying. &gt;&gt; Yes, he knew everything I wanted. When God met you, &gt;&gt; I think God made you. When dreams come true, &gt;&gt; when God, you must have been thinking about me. &gt;&gt; God bless you. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus. &gt;&gt; Amen. Today is a special day &gt;&gt; and I'm here to announce officially that I already made my choice. And here I represent Sister Ruth. uh how I met her it's about 3 years ago but I didn't have any intention and I didn't have any thought but she was my And this year started when I have no thought about. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; So I just got inspired few months ago. What made me to be inspired? &gt;&gt; I realized that we have something in common. Amen. Uh not only in the appearance. But the character and also what we believe in we &gt;&gt; we have common points where we agree. Amen. Amen. So let me talk to her now. Uh, she likes to be called queen. So, I've been asking I asked this before, but I want to ask it again. Uh, my sister Ruth, will you please marry me? without know it's Uh this is a token of love and commitment. that that you keep it until I come and take you. &gt;&gt; Amen. Shall we pray? Ah, heavenly father, while we are standing here with um this lovely couple, Lord, we know that you are loved. And Lord, we know there is no right or wrong way to do this. It's just the way that is preferred. And we we thank you Lord for for us to give us this opportunity to witness this as a family Lord to see Lord as a family of believers to see one of ours brother Joel announcing to us that today he has made his choice to propose to start life with sister Ruth. Father, I know that you have great things ahead for them. We pray Lord that you that sanctioned marriage, Lord, you will give them your grace, Lord, and that staying power. We know they're going to stay for a little while before they come to the day of their wedding. Lord, I pray that you bless them today. You let your light and love shine upon them. Protect them father from the evil and Lord may your spirit watch over them. As a mother Joel and sister Ruth have waited their whole life. They have met each other at this intercession. I pray that the grace that has kept them in the past will now also keep them in the in the years, days, months to come in their entire life. Now, in the name of our Lord Jesus, pronounce them again. Amen. Amen. God bless you. God bless you, Sister Ruth. &gt;&gt; Sister Ruth, um if Okay. While you are still standing, Ruth um from church pastored by pastor &gt;&gt; and um and so in Mono &gt;&gt; um I have I've not been that much in touch with pastor I know him and um know them to be believers of this message. So uh but for a while I think she's been going to speckled badckled there for I don't know how long sister we were yesterday was able to meet pastor and you know he's pastored this family the the father and the mother of sister Ruth for years together with Ruth since she was four years And uh so um we were there with the the rest of the family. Um Kagaba is here. Is mama here yet? &gt;&gt; Not yet. Are you kidding? Okay. So uh then um you know we're there and seeing the parents so that I can give their requirements. and and so everything went very well and um brother Joel Sister Ruth have you selected your brother they will announce to us their wedding debts God bless you can take her back to all right Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Shall we just close church and go back home now? How many still want to hear the word? So, let us stand. Thank you, musicians. And so, I'd like us to sing a little chorus. As we now want to change the order of the service for at least an hour or so, uh we go into the word. I know we now have a few pending weddings and ceremonies and things. By the way, I wrote it somewhere but I had forgotten out there. I'd like you to join me to welcome back Sister Ma Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And Sister Fiona, we really really missed you. We are happy to be with you today. Amen. And I know they've not been missing any service. I've been watching streaming every service. And uh so sister Martha is going to have the ceremony of her daughter. Is it your daughter? your last born. So her last born is getting married the her in-laws are coming to visit and so she's invited me and but unfortunately as I already discussed with her will not be able to go. I say that with a lot of pain, Sister Ma. &gt;&gt; I know what that means to you. But uh we've asked I've asked some of the ministers here to and come and you know just be with the family perhaps also have some little time to share the word trusting that the Lord will come and move and that's only because sister Ruth and her husband brother Emmanuel is here. They had one year ago appointed me to be at their ceremony. So you can understand if you had invited me one year, you know. So we want to be there and support them. And so um we will be in Sorati. Is this Toro? &gt;&gt; Toro. &gt;&gt; Yes, we'll be in Toronto. A few that are going also. How many are going? Toro. Okay. So, several are going to uh and sister Ruth if not many come understand because you know the season is very calm. We all are behind that. Uh, sister Martha, are you inviting like as many send the ministers for five? So, we'll have two ministers. So, we have three more people. If you want to come, please uh see Brother Martin about it. It is better you see brother Martin not sister ma because if you overwhelm sister mother she'll feel bad. So you go to brother Martin let him connect. While we are standing I'm going to sing. I'd like to invite uh Sister Elizabeth uh to please bring a baby for dedication. &gt;&gt; There's quite a lot going on today. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so we baptized Sister Elizabeth on on uh was it th what? Friday. baptized her on Friday. Can you bring the baby? &gt;&gt; If the deacons can help bring them in, bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of &gt;&gt; Oh, bring them. &gt;&gt; Brother Martin, can she bring her own baby? Bring the Brittle on to Jesus. &gt;&gt; Nice to see you, Sister Elizabeth. Elizabeth, &gt;&gt; new believer, new baby. Brother Bham says, "All life comes from God. You want to dedicate this to your divine blessing. For your divine blessing. &gt;&gt; It's beautiful. It's a girl boy. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Let let us pray for this little one. Our heavenly father, we come in the name of Jesus. Bringing this little one to you, Lord. All life comes from you and you've given this one. And we pray, oh God, that as this child is starting off her life, they shall have a long life that will stand for your word. Father Lord, I know that all those that are yours, you come to them early, early before the devil comes early before all the problems and troubles of the world come in. Lord, we therefore pray that you will take this little one and wrap wrap her in your arms of love. Watch her all the rest of her life. May she be a blessing. And Lord, may you, the divine one, be in our lives. and continue to be seen manifested. May she be a blessing both to the mother and father and that your grace will continue to shine upon me. I now dedicate divine blessing &gt;&gt; divine blessing in the name of our Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. We don't baptize children. We dedicate them. We are going to um to to read in uh Proverbs. Thank you musicians. I think that's that's all the singing will be 298. I'm continuing with political maneuvers that obscure the vision. time we're talking about it &gt;&gt; and we are reading uh vers 18. Let us read it together 298. You are there read with me. Where there is no vision, the people perish. But he that keepeth the law, happy is he. All right, let us read it again. Where there is no vision, the people perish. But he that keepeth the law, happy is he. Amen. Amen. You may be seated, please. I appreciate &gt;&gt; sister Mariam's song and and the rest that sang the special song. God bless you. &gt;&gt; You know it's a a few weddings pending. &gt;&gt; Brother Julius Julius &gt;&gt; the faith &gt;&gt; where are they? Is brother Julius here today? Your chair is right here. I don't know what happened. Where is Sister Faith? &gt;&gt; Okay. So, these ones, by the way, did you set your wedding date yet? We don't know them. I think we'll need to get a board there so we can put all those things on the board for people to keep remembering. Brother Enoch. Enoch. Where? Where? Where is Brother Eno? Right over here. And sister. No. Okay. Uh she goes to Life Boat. And &gt;&gt; also Sister Monica right over here and u and brother Sadat in in UAE. Now, brother Joel, Sister Ruth, we just need to keep this in prayers in prayers. &gt;&gt; And there's more coming. So, it's a season that we are going through as a church. When I look around, I see others who are coming. If I was allowed by God, I could mention your names. Some of you don't know yet. But you are the one coming. You know, it's good to settle down and serve God. Amen. But every every season of life has its own challenges. So I'm happy to see those ones who are married like sister favor serving God. Where are they? Can they stand up? Is he stepped out? &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; You were telling him he missed the moment. &gt;&gt; Uh you know these ones you know they uh travel since before even they got married. They were traveling from not missing a service and after marriage it continued and I want to say we appreciate that kind of commitment. We really appreciate that kind of commitment and brother is he here? Yes. right at the post of duty minister and his wife where sister charity deacon deacon's wife so many people ask at such a time because their mothers I know we don't have any place for children and all that but not so many people should really be outside and and so these ones have continued. I mean I always see sister charity there playing. I think we want to appreciate those kind of labors. We want to appreciate those kind of labors and you know the different ones and so even those of you who are married or getting married let's just continue serving God. And I know brother um uh sister Sarah and brother Emmanuel they they have they have a fellowship in their house and um I don't know you meet every Friday right and every Wednesday brother Emmanuel is here and when brother polycap left he took the reigns to you know to handle the that and so he's always been coming even on Wednesdays imagine coming from two times a week that's a sacrifice &gt;&gt; on Sunday here the other Sunday I met a sister &gt;&gt; and I was shocked I received the shock of my life she comes every Sunday from is she here this morning she had told me she will not be here this year she'll be here every Sunday she comes from and travels back up because there is no church that she knows all of. I did not know that to me. I think God really looks at such sacrifices and is pleased by that kind of let us serve God by sacrifice. Is that a man? Brother Dixon, there is a chair right over here. Brother Samuel, if you don't minduel. Amen. And then we have of course the senior the ones who are married. You know I was just counting the couples and I counted 20 couples. You can't believe it. 20 couples. And I think we need to give a clap to the Lord for that. and uh pray that God will give us grace you know to uh cuz you know there's a lot of work to do both in our families raise the families but to raise them to like raise them but also to to you know to to raise you know to do what we can do in the work of God and that's why it is important for me to be talking about vision. Amen. And also without you know I know as soon as they got married the bakers the baka traveled you know to Karamoa but all the same the sister has faithfully been coming and also one of the leaders of the land fund. I want to say we sincerely appreciate that. I know sometimes when you get to appreciate people, talk about people, you leave out others unintentionally. But uh just turn to your neighbor, tell them I appreciate you. I appreciate you. Amen. Amen. Where there is no vision, people perish. Now I'm planning to speak for uh not so long because already time is first spent. If we would normally take our time that means I have 30 minutes but let's see what the Lord will do if you pull on the word you will receive your food quickly and if you just think about other things then you receive nothing. Tell your neighbor, I will receive something from God. I read for you a quote on Sunday trying to do God a service without it without it being the will of God reveals this word in the season and to whom he chooses to reveal it. See, there are seasons and there are times and God chooses who because remember we're talking about the vision and we're talking about and if you could just give me your univerent just about 60 minutes or so see what the Lord will speak to you. So you know when God is about to do something we realize he always uses a man. There is no single time in history where God has done anything without using a man. That's why in the book of Amos 3:7 he says surely the Lord God will do nothing but he revealth his secret to his son. And so we see that God at every time, at every turning of a corner, he uses a man to accomplish his vision. So then God has a vision but then he calls a man and he gives him a mission in order to carry out or to bring about that vision for the people. So now the man is called the missionary or really is called a servant, a prophet, a pastor. You know this this is a man that God called. And you see the one that God called is not chosen by man. That's why I do not believe that for a church to move. A church needs to determine who is holding the vision. Yes, the church can. But you see the church must rely on God. If you notice, brother Bam talks about the leadership or rulership. And he says, "It's not the rulership of man that I believe in." He says, "But he believes in that of the Holy Spirit by the word." When God, listen church, when God raises a man, he gives, he equips that man. If God can call each and every one of you here, he will give you what to use. And you know, he always gives the word and the spirit. Those are the two things God uses. And it can never change at any time. Is that a man? Notice that even in the days to past, God has been using men, men that he speaks to, man. He speaks mouth to ear. And so even the church, any church, any local church, you want to be sure you have a God called man. We have many pastors but we have few God called pastors and we have many apostles but very few God called apostles missionaries apostles preachers but those that are called by God are few but you have many that are raised by men politically maneuver maneuvering with their own power and money and then they or they bring the Bible says they he to themselves teachers because they have itching ears. They want to hear only what they want to hear. So the man has to be popular among them. You have to say the man has to say what they want to hear. in order for them to love him. Even a man will fear to speak the full counsel of the word because if he does some people will go I just told you here some people have left of course don't be confused people leave every church because every ministry is very peculiar every ministry is special. Every ministry is special. Tell your neighbor. Every ministry is special. Amen. I really I really, you know, during this subject, if you have noticed I'm really downloading my vision, my assignment to you as a church, the vision of this church so that we can because you cannot run without knowing what you are running after. You need to know why you are here. You need to know what we are doing. We need to catch the vision. So the things I'm speaking about are really for the local church for you to be enriched and uh and um you know settled. So I'm not here really to just preach a little sermon or I want to speak my heart and um this is the third service I'm speaking on this &gt;&gt; and I just pray that you help me to open your heart. Praise God. So you see every ministry is special and you know people come to a church and people go out of a church. The reason why is because you can only stay in a church when you understand what is being done there. When you understand the vision, if you can't catch it, you can't stay. I was in the Anglican church. I left because I couldn't understand the vision and I received this message and now I'm running because I understand the vision. So when now in a little now you understand when I'm talking about callings ministry season I'm I'm referring to churches as a as as a as a body of Christ but I'm also referring to you know fellowships and I'm also referring to you as an individual you have to have discernment to know what I'm talking about when I'm talking And so when God calls a man, he chooses who he reveals that mystery. God does not, you know, man can choose. But God does not use what man has chosen. God always uses what he has chosen. You remember Paul was chosen by God. He was fighting the church but God chose him. But you see the church the disciples they have chosen a man called Matus &gt;&gt; politically maneuvering to do that. They they took a vote. They didn't wait upon God. God never told him told them you know separate from me Matus. &gt;&gt; But no That was their own decision. &gt;&gt; You know, you talk about the church sometimes, you know, to go into those, the Bible says, um, you know, we have power or authority to bind. Anything on earth is bound in heaven and anything we lose on earth will be lose in heaven. And many times people want to use that in the wrong way. It is not according to your desire. It is according to his will. What is the will of God? But how can you know the will of God? When you are minded, the Bible says to be cannally minded is death. But you see, for you to understand the will of God, walk in the realm that God wants you to walk, you have to be spiritually mind. And so these people they simply politically did it. They didn't wait upon God. But God said, "Separate out to me Paul and Barnabas. He called the man he called." He was not liked by them. They actually feared him. He was a persecutor of the church. He had killed many of them. But God came and chose him. And he said, "I want you to go and work with. Oh, I want you know God always recruits people that are questionable." Amen. God always recruits people don't approve of. He comes and chooses Moses. Moses was questionable. Moses had mathered somebody and had ran away into exile. But God did not see anyone in Egypt. You know, he only saw one man, Moses. Do you know why? Because he had actually seen Moses before he was born. You know, God does not make decisions depending on your actions. God does not make decisions depending on what has happened in your life. And then he feels so sorry for you and he says over me. Let me now send them just for them to feel better. No. God chooses you before you are born. You only walk into your calling. That's why the Bible says make your calling an election sure. Your calling is already there. You make it sure. You have to establish it. You have to know what God has called you to accomplish. You have to have vision. You have to know what you are here to accomplish. Praise God. If you get married and you don't know how many children you want to have, you don't know what you want to do with your family, you don't know nothing, it's the wrong choice for you to take. You cannot get into a marriage without having a vision. Every brother, every man should have a vision for this. Brother, I have a lot of steer if you can help me. Now, he says he chose that before the foundation of the world. All of his doings were for known by him, hidden from man. He just reveals them as he will. It is his chosen season, his chosen person. Everyone say chosen season, chosen person. And he never did choose a party, a a a party or sect. It is a chosen person. How does he how he does it? Who is it that will dare correct him? Now say, Lord, you made a mistake by putting this man in the ministry. This man doesn't believe like we believe. who is going to tell God he's wrong. It will take somebody that's a little more of a living than I am to tell him that. He knows what he's doing. He knows who to choose and he knows who not to choose and he knows what to do and he knows when to do it. Can I preach to you for just If someone tells you that you were not supposed to be chosen by God, tell them God knows what he is doing. The devil will come and tell you even with all those weaknesses. Even with all those we your mistakes, you know, God chose you not depending on your mistakes. God chose you depending on his will. Amen. Amen. Moses, whether you want it or not, you are going to go and do the mission. You can give all the excuse that you want, but nothing God from using you. Am I talking to a Moses here? Oh, I can't talk very well. Oh, I killed somebody. Oh, I'm very old. That doesn't matter. If God called you and there's a purpose in your life, purpose must be. God calls you when he wants to call you, chooses you, and then he sends you out. Praise God. Now he knows what he's doing. No matter how much we think that a certain person is qualified to do a certain job, God knows who is qualified for the time or the time and the right time to do it. That is why as a body of believers, we must never fight to minister. When you see a door closed for you, don't force it. It's not the season. &gt;&gt; When you see, you're forcing things to you're forcing things. You have to convince people to believe in you. It's not the right season. Humble yourself. Wait for the right season because you know what? God has a way of activating whoever he call. Hallelujah. And God has visited our season. He has visited our generation and he has sent us a prophet with a message of restoration. Amen. This is the time of restoration. Tell your neighbor this is a time of restoration. Now I don't know if this is this will be all I doing in this service but I want to show you certain things scriptures uh before I continue. This is going to be like a teaching about five scriptures or so. And I want us brother just give me Isaiah 61 and I want us to go through the scriptures. together. I want us to understand. If you have a pen and paper, write something because I want you to understand the promise, the prophecy of our time of our season. Amen. The spirit of the Lord God is upon me because the Lord has anointed me to preach the good tidings unto the meek. He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted to proclaim liberty to the captive and the opening of the prison to them that abound to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God and to comfort all that mourn. Now I want you to see verses two. Sometimes we say these things quick quick quick but I want to go slowly. I want you to understand it and if you have not understood it after the service you are free to send me a WhatsApp text and I will explain it. See, we proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our comfort all that more. Now this scripture from verses 1 to2 speaking of the coming of the Messiah. You see this scripture was partly or partially fulfilled in Luke 4. But I first give you background in in Isaiah 61. He Isaiah is giving a prophecy. And this is really about the coming of the Messiah. And he's saying that the spirit of the Lord has anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted to proclaim liberty to the captive and the opening of the prison to them that are bound. I ask you church who did that. Some are not sure. If Yeshua shouted, "Who knew that?" Jesus did it. &gt;&gt; In him, which coming the first, the third? The first. All right. And when he comes, he continues on. He says to proclaim acceptable. If I had time, I would expound on that. The acceptable year is also the same that the Bible speaks of as the year of Jubilee. You know, when the the the the Bible says that the land will not be sold or go forever. When one of them lost his property, he he you know, he would wait. There are many ways of redemption, but he would wait. One of these, he would wait until the 50th year. And when the trumpet would sound, then he would be free. If he was a slave, if his land was sold or taken, then he would be free to reclaim his land. In the year of Jubilee, in the year of freedom, Year of Jubilee is the acceptable year of where slaves would be set where those who are in prison would be open where the blind would see. Amen. Where the brokenhearted would be healed. You see, so the the acceptable year is the year of salvation is a season where the Messiah would come down and do the work of salvation. But you see that's not all that is only in his first coming. The Messiah is coming again, his second coming. And when he comes, it is called the day of vengeance. Other parts he calls it a dreadful devil. The feather shall burn as an oven. I know that the many ways we can look at it right now because we know before the Lord comes before his judgment strike the earth then the rapture must go. Are you following me, sir? Ask your neighbor, are you following? Please follow. Before the judgments of God begin striking, the rapture must happen. And we are waiting for the rapture. I know we are already in the rapture, but we're waiting for the final conclusion. Our bodies must put on immortality. Amen. Amen. That's what we are looking for. But you see, right now we are entering into it. By the way, let me just stick with this. It says to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance. The dreadful day of great day. dreadful day, great day, dreadful day. So there are two days of there is a great day and there's a dreadful day. The great day is the first coming of the Messiah. The dreadful day is the second coming of the Messiah. How many see that? Say amen. Now when Jesus, give me Luke 4, Jesus came, &gt;&gt; you know what I love about Jesus, he knew every scripture that wrote about spoke about. Amen. Amen. If it is your season, you will see yourself in the word. Amen. Even me today, I can read some scripture and I can say that's me. That's me this day in the scripture for let us see this Luke 4 17 and there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah and when he had opened the book he found the place where it was written. Now the Bible says, "Oh church, some of you these things are going over your head. Focus. Don't miss a thing because I'm speaking of prophecy. I'm speaking of seasons and times. You must understand your season. When the book was delivered to here, brother, come up here. The book was delivered to him. Turn to the people. It was not a book like this one. It was a scroll. But you see those each book what we call a book today like a book of Isaiah there were scrolls. So there was a book or scroll of Isaiah. They gave him the scroll of Isaiah. That was not a mystery. Who gave it to him? A priest gave it to him. That was not a mystery. It was God bringing a season. Hallelujah. When it is the season, you can't force it. When it is the season for God to fulfill something in your life, he will open the door for you and then you walk through that door. Now we see why did they give him I was just going right. I was coming because the same thing happened. Now when the season was right, they gave him the book. Now he knew what to look for. He started looking for a place. Do you know where he looked for? Can you find what he looked for? He started looking. He knows what he's looking for because he knows who he is. Rather than the victory that overcomes the world, is in who knowing who you are. Amen. The victory that overcomes the world. It is for you to know who you are and to know your position in the scripture and to know which scripture are you fulfilling at this moment. After seeing yourself in the scripture I confer there is no power of the word. There is no power of that can put you down. Amen. Jesus said to Peter, "Upon this rock, build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail. The church is built for a revelation of who Christ is. We are not talking about the Christ of the former generation, but the Christ of this age." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. Christ that is in me Christ in you hope of your glory. If he is in me, he will do the miracles he did. He will move the way he move his life. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. Let us follow this. He found the place. Why did he find the place? Because he knew himself. And what scripture is speaking of him and he found the place. And when he found it, he began reading gave him. Let him read it. that the spirit of the Lord is upon me. &gt;&gt; He's reading now Isaiah 61. Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; Because the Lord has anointed me. &gt;&gt; Stay in Luke. Uh-huh. Continue. &gt;&gt; To preach good tidings unto the meek. &gt;&gt; Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; He has sent me to bind up the brokenhearted. &gt;&gt; Listen. Uh-huh. &gt;&gt; To proclaim the liberty to the captive. &gt;&gt; And the opening of the prison to them that are bound. &gt;&gt; Uhhuh. to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Let me see if you have revelation. &gt;&gt; And wait, brother, are you sure he went all that far while he was reading? &gt;&gt; No. &gt;&gt; Okay. Can you read a verse two again? &gt;&gt; To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Do what? Exactly what he did, brother. If you know, if you don't know, you give me back the mic. &gt;&gt; And he said, uh, &gt;&gt; today the scripture is fulfilled. after you read. &gt;&gt; Okay, I will guide you. Don't worry. Read verse two. &gt;&gt; To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Okay, you've stopped there, right? Okay, go to Isaiah. I want you. I want you to see something. When Jesus read in Isaiah 61 quickly somewhere in the middle now, he is reading Isaiah 61 to proclaim the acceptable year of a question. Does this verse stop there? It is continuing. That is a comma, right? And he never read that. So give him the microphone. Let us guide him to see how Jesus did it. Huh? Read verse two. To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. Surrender everything. This is what Jesus did. Give me the microphone. Give me the book. Uhhuh. All right. And then he did what? Wait. Wait. He went back and sat. And he sat down. See this man is sat down. You see how you're looking at him? That's how everybody looked at him. Gave him the microphone. He didn't even bother to stand up again. They expected he will continue reading the verse. Continue. Today this scripture is fulfilled in your very eyes in your ears. &gt;&gt; In your ears. Okay. Many of you have not understood. Many of them did not understand. But let me bring you understand. Jesus while he was sat there and he was telling them the portion which I have read the portion you have heard me read. Now it is fulfilled. It is finished. This day what day? season. What time my coming has fulfilled this portion. Amen. He was trying to say I am the Lord and I have come to proclaim the acceptable year. I have come to proclaim. I have come to tell everybody you are free the son of man I am here and because I'm here today can you imagine that this scripture was written many many years ago but Jesus came and he read And he told them it is fulfilled because he knew he was the Lord. Others thought he was just a good master. He was a good teacher. Others thought he was a prophet. Others thought but you know he knew who he was. He knew he was more than a prophet. He knew he was God himself. failed in human life and he had come the first coming. He read the prophecy of Isaiah and he owned it. He said this day the scripture is fulfilled. But there was another part. Brother, don't do what you want. Do what I was. Isaiah 61. &gt;&gt; All right. Are you there yet? Two to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord. Read with me. Emphasize that. And I will take of the Lord. Let us go. In other words, this is not one day. It is in in one verse, but one verse is speaking about two days. One verse is speaking about two days. The first day is the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of the Lord, the dreadful day of the Lord. In other words, Jesus knew he had not come to proclaim the day of vengeance. He had not come to judge anyone. But he had come to save everybody. But there was coming when he would come as a we know him to be son of man, son of God, son of David. And when he comes back, son of David, he's going to judge the living and the dead. But now he had come a son of man, a prophet, a God man to come and proclaim acceptable. How did he do it when he was on the cross? When he pierced his cried out and he said it is fair. meant I have now proclaimed from this time anybody in me again and the blood which I have shed is the covenant the blood of my new and Jesus declared acceptable And until today, the whole world is only talking about the acceptable. It is called good news. It's called good news. It's got good news. So every church you see is preaching good news is the acceptable. Can I tell you something? Jesus does not only come for the good news. There is also time for bad news. The kingsman redeemer, the kingsman avenger also. Let me tell you, he's coming back again. Amen. Amen. We have received a message. His message has come not only to give us the good news. Hallelujah. It has also come to warn us about the impending judgment. That's why William preached a message indictment. the oncoming judgment, the oncoming storm. He preach messages like that, preach the rapture. And he says the hope of the bride. Why? If you receive this message, you will not go in the coming. The Bible says there is there for now. I like it that everything is of the now. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; When it is a season, brother, &gt;&gt; we are living in the now tomorrow. There is better for now. No condemnation that are in Christ. Brother preached a message. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, he came. God came in flesh, but that's the first time. The second time, God is having preeminence in a body of believers. Everything that was in God, he powered in Christ. Everything that was in Christ into the church. We are the embodiment of Christ today. So now we see judgment is coming. We sing the song. Some of you don't know the song. You know we sing all these new beautiful but old songs are powerful. Judgement is coming. All will be there. Maybe we may edit that song. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Some of us will not be before the word of God. Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; We have passed from condemnation. We have passed from death to life. Hallelujah. But in the sense that we shall be there to judge, not to be judged. So we can sing all each one receiving justly is due. Sprinkle your soul in the blood of the lamb and I will I see the blood. When &gt;&gt; I see the blood When I see the breath, I will pass. I will pass over you. &gt;&gt; What is he talking about? &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Have you ever heard a phrase called a bleeding word? &gt;&gt; I feel so good right now. I'm fasting with revelation. Why? Because in every generation there was that bleeding. God sends a message with a message. It will be the Passover. The death angel would pass away and hit others and you would be saved. Why? Why? because I receive the word of your Amen. The word of the day exonerates you from the impending. Amen. The dreadful day of the Lord is coming. Fire is coming. Judgement is coming. But some people will not come into the judge because before the judgment already passed from death to life judgment has already been told you are free. You are free. Why? Because something happened between the acceptable of judgment and the day of vengeance in the middle there something. What is it? God sends a message. Hallelujah. Amen. With a message warning us. There is fire coming here. Receive this message and be sealed away. I've been sealed. Sealed. Sealed. I've been sealed by the spirit divine. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory to God. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I am his and I know they're just looking at me. &gt;&gt; Why am I sealed? I'm not sealed with the same thing the Pentecostal is different. It's a seal of approval. If you stay under the altar and you receive the word of the hour, you are entitled to the token. He did not say if you have received the message of the hour, you have received the token, you entitled the token. In other words, we are the people. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We are the bride. We are entitled to talking. We must be sealed away from the world. They say they sealed by the Holy Sp. And yet their women still dress like they paint themselves like Jezebel. The men go around marrying this man. Why? Because they not sealed away. But if you sealed away by the power of the Holy something happened, something changes. Amen. And you receive a new natur. Even all your sins in the past don't count anymore. Oh, sister. I talk about pure grace. &gt;&gt; See, let's go through this now. To proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God and to comfort all the people. Now go to four. Jesus comes And there was delivered unto him this book after reading it. He read only up to the first part and he left out the other part because that was about him but for another season and that season is about to come and he closed the book. He gave it to the minister. He sat down and all eyes were fasted on him. And he began to speak unto them this day in this scripture fulfilled. One verse was speaking about two coming. But you see my friends before his first coming before his second coming there is another promised prophecy. Am I preaching to someone here? I want you to see Malachi. Open to Malachi 4:5. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. Okay. Now, saints, I want you to see this. This is something the world doesn't know. Behold, I'll do what? Who will he send? Come on, church. Who? Elijah the prophet. &gt;&gt; When is he sending him? &gt;&gt; Before. Not after, &gt;&gt; but before. &gt;&gt; Before what? &gt;&gt; The coming of what? Before the coming of what? The bread and the fruit of the Lord. How many days are those? Two days. One verse. Two days. &gt;&gt; Brother, &gt;&gt; you better say exactly what I'm saying. Amen. Cuz this is Hallelujah. You see the great and dreadful day of the Lord. The first day is what? Great. The second day is what? The great day is the acceptable year, the first coming of the Messiah. But the dreadful day is the day of judgment is is is what in Isaiah is called a day of vengeance. If you have understood it, say amen. All right. Now, these are two days. The first coming of the Lord and the second coming of the first coming, we have seen Jesus coming and he proclaimed it already. But there is another day. And he shall turn what what shall he do when he comes? And he shall turn the hearts of the f the fathers to the children. and the hearts of the children to their fathers. Amen. Amen. Amen. Listen, listen. Follow me closely. When Elijah comes, Elijah is coming before two days. The first day is the great day. The second day is a dreadful day. Four brothers come here right quick. Young people, too short and too tall. Help me preach this church. Praise God. All right. If you don't, I'll I'll call. If you don't come, I'll call you. First people, &gt;&gt; I want another tall one. One one of you. You go, brother. You You told you're short. I don't understand. Okay. This pair is good. This side. This side. Thank you, brother. &gt;&gt; Good. Now, &gt;&gt; give it space. Give it space. Stand close to one another. All right. See this? Close. Close. Close. Now, I want to demonstrate this for you so you can understand. We have seen in the Bible the two comingings of the Messiah the first coming and the second coming. This coming is great and the other one is what? Dreadful. Has this one happened yet? Yes or no? Yes or no? He has already come to do what? to declare the acceptable year, the year of jubile, but also he's coming. Has this one come yet? We are waiting for him until now. He's coming soon. Amen. Now the Bible has now said in in the prophets of Malachi before he come oh before his great day and before his dreadful day. Elijah is coming. Shout it out. Elijah is coming. Is there Elijah the Messiah? &gt;&gt; Is Elijah our savior? But who is he? He's a messenger. He's coming to do a certain work. He's coming to usher in the Messiah. Now, the first coming of the Messiah, Elijah came. I have a question for you, church. Did the people understand who he was? Brother Ivan, &gt;&gt; I'll have you know that when this Elijah came, he was a very funny guy and the people didn't like him because you see, he was eating wild honey and also locusts. He also had red lo. His father was a priest. called Zechariah and his mother called Elizabeth. But this guy rebelled and he went in the forest. Yet his family are priests. Where was God when this child was going? What you would say? Are you honest? Where was God? God was there. God was preparing his prophet. Because God likes using things which cannot be understood to confuse the wisdom of those who think are wise. Because the believers are usually simple in heart. Believers don't use reasoning. Believers use faith. And John became a very confused guy in the forest. Amen. I tell you what, sister. He came out of the forest with a message which is confused. Because the priests were saying something else and he was saying something else. Repent. funny guy. Very offending message, but he was God's man. He was carrying the vision of God for that season, ministering in the power and spirit of Elijah. &gt;&gt; Let's now go to the scriptures. Today you are preaching with me and don't worry 15 minutes I'll be done not finished but I I'll quit. Okay. Behold I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the what? The great day of the Lord. This one is this one. And he shall turn the heart of the father to the what? the children. Do you have a projector? No. Matthew 11:13, all the prophets and the law prophesy until John. And if ye will receive it, this is Jesus speaking. This was for the the Elijah which was he that has ears let him hear. &gt;&gt; Jesus telling the Pharisees please come back telling the Pharisees this one is the Elijah which was yet John himself said I'm not but Jesus declared him Why? Because the fact is he's not Elijah. But the fact is he's Elijah. &gt;&gt; His name was John. &gt;&gt; But he was working under the anointing and the spirit of Elijah. What was his job? Luke 1 13. But the angel said unto him, "Fear not Zakarias, for thy prayer is heard. Thy wife Elizabeth shall bear thee a son, and thou shalt call his name, joy, and thou shall have joy and gladness, and they shall rejoice at his birth, and he shall have be great in the sight, and will drink neither drink wine nor strongly And they shall be filled with the Holy Ghost, even from his mother's womb, and many of the children of Israel shall return to the Lord their God. And he shall go before him. It is in the Bible. And he shall go before him in the power and in the spirit of Elijah. This one shall go before you shall go before the Messiah in the power and in the spirit of a light and many of the children shall return to rather and and shall and then he says uh to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. Listen to me. Do you remember what it said in Malachi 4 vers 6? If you know it, say it louder. And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, the hearts of the children to the fathers. right here in the book of Luke when he's giving the testament of the ministry of John did you hear anything like father shouldn't father your amens are very weak you are either doing this Bible study or you are not praise See what did he say in Malachi? He shall turn the hearts of the fathers. Look at it in your Bible. The heart to children and the hearts of the children to father. But now he has come Elijah. And the Bible is saying in Luke 1 17, he shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elijah to turn the hearts of the fathers to the disobedient to the wisdom of the just. They disobedient to turn them to the wisdom of God. They just shall live by faith. John was doing that in his ministry. Do you see any gap that says fathers to children fathers? Why? Because that part was for another season, not for the days of John. It was for the season that he was coming. But John only turned the hearts of the what? The fathers. Who are these fathers? He turned the Pharisees. They were the fathers of the law. He turned their heart to Christ, from the law, to grace. It was something new. That's why everywhere you see the ministry of John spoken about in the Bible. He's using the word prepare. Prepare. Prepare. Prepare. Brother, let me ask you, sister. What does prepare mean? Praise God. Where is little David? Is he in? Now I want to ask you a question. Come. Give us a the difference between prepare and restore. I want us to really learn this. Keep in mind prepare restore. What's the difference? So prepare is like I'm going I'm preparing myself maybe to do my exams. I'm preparing myself maybe to go to church. And then restore is bringing back something or taking back something to its original place. &gt;&gt; So which means prepare something. You are preparing something which was not there before. You preparing for something you restore is it new? No. You are bringing back what was already there. Now this John was supposed to do what? Prepare. Everybody say prepare. &gt;&gt; Come on say prepare. &gt;&gt; Church. We are learning. You must go to the rapture whether you want or not. The Bible says to know him is life. You are not going to the rapture by mistake. God doesn't matter how you die. Is where you are going. So he said my servant come home. And this woman he was very angry with him. And he they ordered for him to be cut. ated him and he left the scene. He had done his work. He didn't come back. Why? And now the Messiah came. But when the Messiah came still, the people were confused. They did not know that John was the Elijah. But when the Messiah came, he started revealing it slowly slowly. And one time, they went on a mountain to pray with a few of his disciples. Even they did not know who Jesus is. They thought he was a good teacher. They did not know he was the Messiah. Do you know you can be with him and you don't know who he is? The message is Christ. You don't know what you have. Christ is here among us. Oh my god. And they ask I'm trying to wind up a question. Who then? Why did they then say that? Okay. Give me the the verses now. Since it is teaching, you must get it very well. Matthew 17 vers 10 quickly brother. And his disciples asked him, saying, why then said the scribe that the liars must first. Some of you who don't know what we're talking about, they went on the mountain to pray. And the disciples saw Jesus transfigured. He was in a cloud. They saw Moses. They saw Elijah on the sides. Now the scripture says the dead in Christ shall rise fast. We which are alive and remain shall be caught up and shall meet them and and then shall together we shall meet the Lord and we shall ever be with him. So they knew that this is the order. This is the order of resurrection. Moses was typing those who are Moses died not. So did Elijah die? &gt;&gt; So Elijah was typing those who did not die. But they were all changed in the cloud with Jesus also speaking. They received the revelation. So you are the Messiah. How long you have been? And now they remembered the prophecy. What? Before the coming of the what? The great day. Elijah. We don't see Elijah. Where is El? He had already come and gone. Jesus answered, "Give me the next." And Jesus answered, "And say unto you are the one now answering." and &gt;&gt; Elias truly shall first come and restores all things. Wait, this is a bit different. Did this Elijah restore anything? Sisters, are you following? Did Elijah restore Answer me church. What did he do? Prepare. Okay. So Jesus must be talking of another. You must be talking because when this one come he shall restore also. Let me show you another right in that verse. Is it future tense, past tense? Those who studed English now show us. This is where English helps. I have spoken with people sometimes even pastors and they really get mad. This already happened. And I said brothers will come or what came is it past or future tense even this brother can tell truly shall future past and when he shall come we restore The disciples were like, "What are you talking about?" They were really amazed. They didn't understand. They not understanding it. And now here 12. But do you remember the other one? And now he says in Ethiopian language we say that one is the best one for me because it feels like as if after this one there is something else happening. I say unto you that Elias has come already but I've done unto him whatsoever they listed and they knew him not and when he had said that go to the next verse then now get it. It was &gt;&gt; But they still missed this one. Hallelujah. Amen. Until today, they still miss this one. The Pharisees of today. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. They still miss him. But Jesus said the liars truly shall come and restore all things. Common knowledge should tell you the Baptist restored nothing. Common knowledge should tell you the day of this Messiah was not dreadful but it was great. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And all those who received the Johnaptism, they accepted the Messiah. &gt;&gt; So the real vision was for John the Baptist to usher in the Messiah. That was the vision. And when he came, John the Baptist said, "I am now I I I decreased myself and he is lifted up. &gt;&gt; He shall be increased. I shall be decreed." Why? Because he understood. It is him the Messiah. Behold the lamb of God. I'm not even worthy to untie. Why? It was the vision of John was not to make another religion to make another denomination to build another church to start some organization to bring forth the Messiah. That was the vision. And the Messiah came and he did his work and left. Now the whole world, oh my God, is talking about this. They don't even have an idea that he's coming again. They only talk about this one. Jesus is good. You know, God is good. Sisters, don't you worry how you dress cuz God, our God doesn't dress. He's a God full of love. He just want you to make to make you feel love. Just dress any way you want because God doesn't see on the out. He only sees your eyes and he died for you. He loves you. Just hug your brother. Tell them I love you. Free love for Jesus. That's the Jesus they want to preach. They don't know the seasons have shifted. the one who came as a kinsman. He's coming again. Why is coming as a judge? He's coming to revenge. Rather all those who refuse to believe in Malachi. He said, "Behold, the day cometh and shall burn as an orphan all the proud and all that do wicked shall be stable." Give me the first praise God. Why? Because they refuse to believe the word. If you not walk in the laws of God, it doesn't stop there. He continues on and he say unto you hear my name son of righteous arise in his wings. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. The day cometh shall burn. But you know what? When he comes before he comes to buy up things, he comes to take amen his purchase possession. That is me. He come to take his bride away. Amen. He come to take her redeemer. He comes to claim her. The one who redeemed you will claim you. Let me be honest. There are certain things even when you know you are saved. They refuse to go. You are fighting. Maybe I'm speaking to some of you. I'm fighting pastor. I'm fighting. Don't worry. The one who purchased you will claim you. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. He will claim you coming back again. Amen. And to take us away us away to change our body this mortality put on immortality. But before he come, before the dreadful day, before the shall burn as an off, he has promised another Elijah. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said this Elijah will do what? To restore all things. And this one is called in Malachi 46 the second part. And he shall turn the hearts of again. Let's say it again in English. One more time. &gt;&gt; All right. I think you got it. Turn the hearts of the children to their fathers. Who are the children? Who are the children? I am the child of God. We are the children of God. The spirit of God in our heart. We are the children of God. The end time church. The end time church. As all these denominations, religions perverted, the faith, they have changed the teachings. And yet this teaching is Jesus Christ. Paul said, we have laid a foundation. No man can lay another foundation. And we have laid Jesus Christ. But you see when they teach another gospel which is not another gospel, they take this take this Bible and they teach another they teach another Paul under the anointing placed a curse on all the false teachers. So today these false teachers are not in shrines. The false teachers are not in B. The false teachers. They look like me. They on a pullpit wearing a nectar and a beautiful suit and a microphone a bunch of lies. They're like me. The way I look, but when they begin to talk, they talk, deceiving, lying, I thank God, but we still have churches without preachers who will preach the truth, the truth without glass. And this Elijah in the end time is the seventh messenger also when he come he comes to do what? Hallelujah. He doesn't bring another religion. He doesn't bring another idea. He doesn't come to start his own denomination. He doesn't come to start another church. But when this lighter come, he is only having one job to bring that which is old. The stone which was rejected, the word and bring it back again to the church. This Elijah will come and he will say God is not three, he's one. He's not the one who who preached that fast. The apostles preached it fast. He will come and he will say water baptism be done in much water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that is already in the Bible. It did not start with him. He will come and he will say there is nothing like women preachers and they will call him a woman hater. But he will say no. I'm saying what Paul said. I'm preaching what Paul preach. He will say women should not wear this makeup and look like Jezebel. They should be natural. You know believers of these days who believe the message of this Elijah. Do you know what they do in normal days? They don't wear makeup. They wait for the wedding to arrive. And then they say, "At least for one day, let us look like Jezebel." Shame on you. Shame on anyone who does that. Find your bearing in the word of God. Quite frankly me, I'm not offended when I see someone doing those things. I just right now I'm saying it because I don't see anyone who is doing it. Me I never preach to offend. I preach to help. But now I'm teaching you as a child. When I see someone doing that, I don't judge them. I see their spiritual levels of maturity. and I love them anyhow. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. But this Elijah, you know, spoke against those things. He spoke against men wearing shorts and they go in the shopping mall. I hope I not touch something. brothers. Imagine a brother. Okay. Okay. Can you imagine me coming here with a short I can't imagine someone I can't imagine and you at your home moving around your neighborhood you undress before your children even women do it. These days you find even mothers going to shower with their children. It's a very obscene generation. But Elijah came and splashed said we have a standard. We believe in holiness. The standard of the word is our standard. It's not because it is hard or easy. It is because it is the word. modest up. You are a Christian of God. Praise God. And so friends, you know, he came and preached about the serpent sea. They started with him with the disciples right in the New Testament. They talked about it. By there's nothing this Elijah will preach that is new. He only brings revelation to things which are already. And this Elijah is coming before the judgment is coming. And his vision is one just like the first Elijah. Vision is to point people to Christ. But people come maneuvering with political spirits, they begin to say William. They don't understand what qualifies a prophet. It's the word. He must do what the Bible say, brothers. I say this Elijah has come not many people know only a few and these ones who know they are the ones preparing themselves for his coming. God bless you. Now as I am closing I read this sometime but I'm going to read you a quote of a disclaimer that brother William Brham gives the resume of ages. Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and I will not do that. I have no interest in those things. But I do have interest in the things of God and the people. And if I can accomplish one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and man. wherein men become new creations in Christ filled with his spirit and live according to his word. That's the vision of this message. That's our vision. It was the vision of William Brana as the message of the last What is it to introduce people to Christ? Religion introduces you to a set of rules. But Christ introduces you to his life, his character, his nature which makes you live like him. We've not received a religion. We've been introduced to Christ. This message, that's why we want to print it, to send it out is the vision that we have to tell someone what God has done in this day. God bless you. Please stand up on your feet. And that was only three pages out of nine. Um, you know, some thoughts I had on nine pages. So, I don't I'm not yet sure if I'll be speaking on Wednesday, but if I do, then I'll continue with it. If not, If not then I'll continue on Sunday. You know friends I need you to understand what we are trying to do. We are not trying to build a man's kind of thing. We are preparing for a greater thing. There's a song, an old song is &gt;&gt; I don't know if the brothers know it, but brother Shalom, if you can get a microphone. Some of these brothers don't know. Did you get the song? No. Yeah. Let us try to sing it. Some of these old songs are just beautiful. We ought to sing it from time to time. Amen. In these the closing days of time. What the glorious hopes are full that see a wonderous truth sublime. Oh, he shall reign. King of kings and lord of lords. Will is coming soon. He's coming soon. Rejoice we welcome his return. When it may be morning, it may be night or day. We know when you can drop your hands. Amen. as a clown offering to him where the signs around in the name. Oh, painted on the sky with God's faithful witnesses declare. Amen. That's the coming of the Savior. Now, it's coming soon. It's coming soon. is coming soon with joy. We welcome this river. It may be night or new. We know he's coming soon. The dead in Christ. The dead in Christ will come. Let's go for the water of the sky. He may share our parlor when he's coming soon. He's coming soon. We will return maybe we know he's coming soon where shall be a faithful Well, we shall just amen we might is coming soon is coming soon. It may be one. It may be not coming soon. Amen. Oh, I he far away stood an all ragged cross, the emblem of suffering and pain. &gt;&gt; I love that old cross. I love that. Where where the deep rest and best for a while of lost s. Come on everybody, let us sing it together. Now I will shareish all my last to the All right. I sound Oh, that old red cross. Oh, that old rocked cross. &gt;&gt; Come on, sing it now. despised by the world. We has a wonderful me of God. You never I will be I will forever in that rocked cross. Sing it with our hearts. &gt;&gt; Sing it with what you're singing. &gt;&gt; Wondous. &gt;&gt; Jesus suffer. &gt;&gt; Jesus suffer. to battle and to sanctify me. You save me. Oh my I will sing. I will bring to the old I will. Oh yes. Hallelujah. The last time to the old cross to the rocked cross. I will ever be true. His shame and reproach gladly shame away. &gt;&gt; And he'll call me someday. to my home. My home where his glory forever is glory. Feel my last. Hallelujah. Sunday for our Amen. Let's invite brother Daniel to come and close for us in a word of prayer. You know, just think about Christ in your heart. What he has done for you in this day. What a wonderful God he is. What a wonderful God. Amen. Let's just close and just commit your need to him. He knows your need. &gt;&gt; Let him just speak to you now. Brother, let's pray. Heavenly Father, I want to thank you for this moment. Oh Lord, we want to thank you Lord for the bread of life. Oh God, loving Jesus, want to thank you for feeding our souls, oh Lord, strengthening us, oh Lord, helping us, Lord, to focus again, oh God, on the vision that, Lord, you've given the man of God. Oh God, may you help everyone, Lord, to catch up the vision. Oh Lord, Lord, it is my prayer, oh God. May we work, Lord, as a family. May we work, Lord, as a bride, oh God, loving Jesus. For you said, Lord, we have a short quick work. Heavenly Father, may you help everyone, Lord, to come to realization of their position. Oh God, loving Jesus, we need you as we're going, oh Lord. Lord, you've given us the word. May we go, Lord, King of his father, and really bring it out, oh Lord, in our lives, Lord Jesus. We pray, heavenly father, give strength to everyone, oh Lord. Lord, as we are beginning the week, oh Lord Jesus, give us strength, oh Lord, to move, Lord, a mile again. Oh Lord, help us, oh Lord Jesus, until we meet again. Oh God, loving Jesus, we pray for our pastor, oh God. May you strengthen him, oh Lord. May you renew him, oh God. Give him, Lord, more revelation and inspiration, oh God, to lead us, heavenly father. You bless him here, Lord. I know for a reason, oh God. Loving Jesus, help us, oh Lord, to really see the vision. Oh Lord, as your word has been preached, oh Lord, we cannot we cannot thank you enough, oh Lord, for what you've done, Lord, to our souls, heavenly father. Lord Jesus, even the people that have been here, oh God, may they go meditating about your word, oh God. Loving Jesus, we thank you. We bless your name, oh heavenly father. Thank you, Jesus. We pray through your mighty name, Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. God bless you church. Amen. Turn to your neighbor. Tell them God bless you. Thank you for coming in the house of God. We're going to dismiss you now and we are planning to meet in a service Wednesday evening. So um uh we have a Wednesday service &gt;&gt; and then on Sunday it's a it's a busy month. I know for everyone people are taking holidays and others are traveling and you know it's also busy for us in the ministry can hold us in prayer. &gt;&gt; So uh with me it's been traveling and traveling and traveling. So someone was telling me to slow down &gt;&gt; but I was also thinking while that I'm young let me use my speed in the evening time of my life I have nothing to regret of let us serve God when we are young serve him when you have strength and you will have nothing to regret and maybe what I wanted to say to the church. Some of you who have not yet joined um you know any group, please join a group. You've seen the leadersh for them to come to you. Go to catch the vision. Do something. Do something. We don't live for going to school, eating, and sleeping and dying. God gave you that job so you can use it to serve him, that education so you can use it to serve him. that marriage so you can use it to serve him. So whatever you have, use it to serve him. And I can assure you there's no one that has ever served God and and regretted it. Do you know of any serve God with all our heart? And I was thinking, Sister Fibbe, you're looking for someone to help you. I mean like we're talking about it here last time &gt;&gt; and while sister you were singing sister um &gt;&gt; no it's very bad for you to call her sister Mariam because you may get issues. &gt;&gt; Okay. &gt;&gt; You understand brother Wang? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So what should you call her? &gt;&gt; Sister Mar. Yes. That that sounds better. &gt;&gt; So sister Mar you could go to sister fibbe. I don't know whether you have been added on any group but I think she might need your help. It's my recommendation but you go and teach. Yeah. So but if you all are in one group do the best you can you know there are some groups you go and you find someone pledged 5 million how much are they given zero for 18 is it now 19 week how many weeks this week is week what 18. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Zero. Zero. Not &gt;&gt; there's a problem. And you find someone who has pledged 100,000. They've gave it and they still giving more. So it's not really how much you give. You're giving the best you can. And what you pledge try and finish it in the shortest time possible. So that our vision is not to build a church. Our vision is to spread this message. We need to have a home where we can come out of send preachers all over this country other countries and we we we spread this message. Is that a man church? So let's do the best we can. I appreciate all the young people especially the young people. that have caught the vision. You know, brother Polyup is, you know, there. I don't even know where he gets there. But when him send him something is abroad, &gt;&gt; Pakistan Pakistan, &gt;&gt; but he's still sending. He caught the vision. But some of you are not. What's the problem? Let's do this together. &gt;&gt; Tell your neighbor. Let us do it together. Yes. Let's do this together. Don't leave someone to carry the burden alone. Let's carry the burden together. I've had I'm going to have one Sunday and prepare it either before the end of the year or after the youth. I'm going to to call a testimony service of 30 minutes. Those that have been faithfully given to land fund And out of it, God did something. So prepare those testimonies and actually you can begin informing me about them. We would want you to come and give and don't shy away from my testimony. Some people fear testimony people come and say it is your blessing. You are free to say God blessed me. It is my blessing. Go and give and you get your blessing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. Right. We love you so much. Let's dismiss you right now. Those who are planning to go either to to Toronto or to Sister M's here in Campa. Sister Ma is here in Campara. So not far from the church, but those ones are only three people. Yeah. So then the other one, is there a limit? Sister Ruth, brother, &gt;&gt; sister Ruth, no limit. So anyone who can uh see brother Martin and let us organize properly. Let's be organized. So we can know who is going where and stand with these two families. So God bless you. Invite the brother to come and give us a song as it is. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful shore. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful show in the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful shore in the sweet by Goodbye. And we shall meet on the beautiful shore. There's a land that is fair than the day. And by faith we can see the found for the father waits over by the way to prepare a dwelling place there. Oh, in the sweet by and by and wish on me on the beautiful shore in the sweet by and by me on that beautiful shore. &gt;&gt; Well, as we are going, brethren, I want you to remember that our youth camp is how many weeks away is it? 2 3 3 weeks away. So please register yourself. We want you to register. You're planning to come register even before you get the money. We are looking forward to have a wonderful time. Beautiful shore in the sweet by and by. We shall be on the beautiful shore. We shall sing on the beautiful shore. I belong in your songs of the blaze and the spirit shall sorrow no more. Not a sign for the blessing of rest. Oh the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful shore. in the street by and we shall be on the beautiful shore to come down find a bound. We will offer our tri of praise for the glorious gift of his love and the blessing of my days. In the sweet by and by we shall meet on the beautiful showing sweet by shark in the sweet oh by and by and by we on the beautiful shore by and by when the morning comes when
