################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-22 - THE BENCH Pastor Busobozi Interviews Pastor Keith Reid. - Busobozi Interviews.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-22
Title:    THE BENCH: Pastor Busobozi Interviews Pastor Keith Reid.
Speaker:  Busobozi Interviews
Church:   Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__wUKF0F3JQ
========================================

Description:
Welcome to the bench with Pr Busobozi. This Tuesday On the BENCH we are having a conversation with Pr Keith Reid from Jamaica
Subscribe for our YouTube for Live Services: https://youtube.com/@dvfellowship?si=iBBxHyQNrA-tVU4w
Visit our website at: https://dvfellowship.org/
Listen and download our audio sermons at: https://dvfellowship.podbean.com/

#dvf #worship  #sundayservice #service #wednesdayservice  #sundaylivesermon #endtimemessages #worship #livesermon #livestream #daysofthevoicefellowship #endtimemessage #williammarrionbranham #ThemessageoftheHour
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Holy, holy, holy I Lord. Lord, holy, holy, holy are you, [Music] Lord. The elders and the angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you [Music] Lord. Holy, holy, holy are you, Lord. The elders and the angels bow. The redeemed worship you now. Holy, holy, holy are you Lord. Shout to the Lord all the earth. Let us sing. Power in majesty. Praise to the king. Mountains bow down and the seas will roar at the sun of your name. I sing for joy at the works of your hand. [Music] God mighty. What is the name? What is the holy holy You Lord God Almighty is the way. Holy Lord God Almighty. What is the holy Are you Your name stands above Stand Christ, holy are holy. Forever ally. You are lifted high forever. Angels, all creation, holy you are lifted, holy, holy forever. Your name is your name is the greatest. Your name stands above all creation. You are lifted, holy forever. You are holy, holy. Are you God? Are you God? Is the name Holy, holy, you Lord God mighty. greetings our listeners and those who are watching us. Welcome to another episode of the bench. I'm Pastor as usual and today I'm honored and we are honored to host a very special guest. Uh Pastor Keith Reed all the way from Jamaica. Pastor Keith is a seasoned minister of the end time message and also is a what would call a successful businessman working with multinational corporation and we are blessed to have him here to bless our young generation and I would like to say welcome to the program sir. Thank you very much and it's a pleasure being here and being here with you all. Uh for those watching who may not know you and uh please if you could tell us about yourself maybe your back a little bit about your background and how you came to the faith to the the message and your current work in ministry and maybe a little bit about what you're doing. Okay. Um I'm Keith Reed. I'm from Jamaica. Um my coming to the message. Um, the first time when I heard the message was about 1980. I was still in high school. Um, apparently my former pastor, Pastor Thomas Brady, who many have known personally, um, his son was a classmate of mine and actually we we got very close to together. He invited me to their home church in Discover Bay, Saintan. Now, if you know Jamaica or even look at Jamaica in the map. Um they're from the northern coast. I'm from the central area of the island. So they actually are on the northern coast with the tourism, the nice beaches and hotels and all of that. So it was my pleasure to go to discover ban and to meet his dad, brother Thomas Brady. I think at that time they had visitors, brother Dan Dasley, brother Henry Green and um so from them I heard the message for the very first time. Um, we were actually still in high school and but I never get converted to the message until after high school I was really converted to it. So I was aware of the message. I grew up as a Baptist but it was after high school that I really had that call from God to be baptized and to follow the message of the hour. So, how many years have you been in the message? Well, actually, so I came around the message 19 um 80. I was baptized 1985 and um I've been pastoring actually this year is going to make 30 years of pastoring a group of people in the message. Amen. We are blessed to have you on this program because um it's um meant to bless the young generation or the next generation if you you will um just to for them to be able to know how others did it in many perspectives in ministry in in in work in you know just to encourage the young people in the message. So we are really honored to have you. Uh so before we continue um we want to honor a very close uh pastor um uh someone who is very close to your heart brother Brady you mentioned him in your introduction a Jamaican message pioneer uh who had a professional encounter with um uh rather a personal encounter with brother Brham uh of course many of you listening in I'm sure that you are message believers and brother Bernham is um you know close to your heart being a prophet. So, let's take a moment to watch this powerful clip. Um, we just took out a little bit of a a clip from the message of the hour in in one of the messages of brother Brady being designed in brother Banam's meetings. If uh brother Isaac, you could please play that clip for us. There's a colored man sitting way back here. Got a burden on his heart as far his wife. She's not here even. She's got trouble with her feet. You believe in healer? You do? You're a stranger here. You're from across the sea. You're from Jamaica. You believe God can tell me who you are, Mr. Brady. You believe Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. This Okay. Sorry, I couldn't have feedback here. So, but I'm I'm sure those of you who are listening have been following. Now, you've heard uh what brother Bham said. uh when I heard that the first time brother Keith uh it was years ago and of course you you we hear very many people being designed in the meetings of brother Bham I personally have been designed in the meeting of brother Banham I'm sure that comes across as a surprise because I'm 34 years old and brother Bham has not has been off the scene for over 50 years but I I would share this little testimony maybe for our viewers and for you to understand that this is very personal to me. Um, many years ago, uh, I had just been new to the message and I was in my in my room, um, closed in. I was all by myself and, um, I had a terrible stomach trouble and also other issues and I had many other confusions in my life at the time and I really needed God to come through to me and to minister to me. So I I had put it on uh put on a tape of brother Bham and while it was uh playing and at the end I usually love those designments. So at the end I prayed an impossible prayer. I usually call it an impossible prayer. I said God if you are the one that sent this prophet to our generation not the generation before us but our generation. Use him to also speak directly to me to my situation. I I just somehow believed in the impossible that God was able to do something. maybe turn that voice just to minister to me. So it was at that moment that you know brother Banamander a few people and then he came to this woman then left the woman then came to this man I always believed I was the next I was the next and then when he came to this gentleman he said come here sir and then he said you are a brother said you are a minister of the gospel and then he said um you have stomach trouble you don't know what went through me it was just like an electricity from the crown of my head to the sole of my feet I felt that God was ministering to me directly He said, "You have stomach trouble." And then he began to speak what had caused it. And everything was personal to me. I was moved. I was touched. And it made me understand that brother Bham was a prophet to our generation. I had already believed it, but then now it had become personal to me because I prayed a prayer and God answered it. Amen. So, Brother Isaac just played for us a clip out of Brother Banham's meetings where um a man, Brother Bry, was uh there physically in the meetings of Brother Bam in um in the US having come from Jamaica. Uh Pastor Keith, if I may ask, what did Brother Breed mean to you personally and how did his life and ministry impact your walk with Christ? And maybe if you could give some perspective on I know that you you knew him personally, he was your pastor and how he came to uh you know come to these meetings. I know I met you personally and you shared this with me. I I was just so amazed. Um, you know, brother Brady, if you have ever known him, you know the testimony of his life. And he would have shared really first of all being converted as a young person out of church of God, being baptized in the name of the father, son, and holy ghost. Well, the first time when he came across brethren from the USA, and I think that brother's name was brother Halbert Green, he preached to them the baptism in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and the book of Acts. And that was really what brought him to come to that position really because never before had they read that or hear of that in their home church in Jamaica. So he said initially them as young persons they thought that was something in the white man's book and it wasn't generally in their book but he said he took note of the scriptures that were used and when he read it for himself he realized ah this is really the word of God and so he was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus and by was that in the US? No he was baptized back in Jamaica. Back in Jamaica. So on were there other believers at the time? Oh yes, there were other brothers and and I think that there was about three brothers that were baptized from the church and uh I mean as it would have been being baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus in a trinitarian church, there were actually this fellowship from the church. And you know it speaks of the life of many who when you believe the Bible and begin to take practice of audience specifically tell them their name, tell them what their condition was and all of that. Now, brother Brady said on this visit to the USA, um his wife was pregnant. Tell them fill the water pot. The the water was converted to wine miraculously. That was Jesus. The first manifestation of Jesus that we saw. But when Jesus met the woman of Samaria, it was another kind of ministry. Mhm. Here was this man speaking to this woman. This man could even tell the time spiritually that we were living in. The woman said, "Our fathers worship in the mountain." And they said that Jerusalem is a place where men are to worship. Jesus tell her, "Woman, the hour cometh and this is the hour." What kind of man is this that could declare the very hour when God would move from And 28 is a sign of life. On July uh on July 28th, 1963, brother Brandham preached Christ, the mystery of God revealed. And in that we see that the mighty God who had left 2,000 years ago was made plain by revelation to us because the ministry is not for brother Brham. The message is not to tell about a prophet. The message is to reveal Jesus Christ to the modern world. Amen. And that's what he did when he preached Christ the mystery of God revealed. He preached the seventh seal. That is Jesus Christ is here again in word form which is Revelation 10:1. Yeah. Which is Revelation 8:1. The mighty angel has come down and he's with us. Jesus Christ is here again in word form. Amen. Amen. And you notice that many especially the evangelicals and the charismatics you know they received brother Bernham uh in the first phase of his and ministry journey. How did you come to uh personally receive the message yourself? And I know you've talked about that. Maybe if you want to expound on that and when did you did you receive a call? Maybe this second segment. You may want to talk a little bit more about it. How you receive the call to preach and how did it come clear to you that you were a preacher? we've already had that I could have the best income. That was really my intention. But it was while I was at Nestle, I used to sit and talk to, you know, Christians that were elders really. And I remember one concern I had, you know, I never came up in an apostolic church. The book of Acts, I did not have a great grasp on it really because I grew up in the Baptist church. But I remember I was in a dream I could say one night because I had this great burden on my heart and I see like there was weed just blowing in the wind blowing and the wind was of such force that it almost moved me from where I was in that dream or that vision and a voice spoke to me and and says you know go you know go all that you have is enough and brother that has been a mark on my life for ministry. It is enough. And um you know I started preaching and in my early years of preaching as a young man 23 years old well I well I started before 23 but starting preaching really in the factory that I work you know we sit as Christians nominal Christians and we talk about the word of God. People begin to invite me to their church and I preach I preach as an evangelist at that time. But I say this to all young people and young men who have a desire to preach the gospel. The church age book is a book that when I read that book in its entirety, it changed my ministry all together. Praise the Lord. Because doctrine of the Bible becomes clearer. It's a book. It is easy to read. It gives a brief history. It give present tense and it gives you uh an hold an understanding of scriptural truth. So now you have a greater understanding of why do we baptize in Jesus name the godhead is Jesus Christ God the Sabbath should we keep the seventh day Sabbath? It shows you the true Sabbath from the scripture that when you receive the Holy Ghost, you receive your Sabbath rest. And so, as you know, Israel had a rest of the seventh day. When we come into the Holy Ghost, we receive not a seventh day rest, but we receive an eternal rest in the Holy Ghost from our whole works. So all that doctrine that we require, you know, to to move forward in the gospel, it is in that church book. And so I said to all young people, read the book. Give attendance to reading because reading makes a full man. Amen. And we'll talk more about that. But now, uh, you you make reference to the church age book. Um, there's a portion that I've always ministered to to the young people. uh from the Ephesian church age and I just quote this ministering speaking of uh of Paul the first um messenger to the first church age. He says his man of ministering set the pattern that all future messengers were to aspire to and and actually sets the pattern for every true minister of God. though he would not attain such heights in the prophetic reum as did Paul's ministry had a three-fold quality and then he gives the three-fold quality of Paul's ministry and one of them was he was absolutely true to the word which we have actually heard you testify to and he also said he was you know not organized but we were spiritled he also said that um you know he he had a demonstration of the power of the of of God you know the power of the spirit was um and then the fruit of his ministry So, uh, if I may ask, you know, you've preached around the world and, you know, uh, I had never met you until I met you here in Uganda, but I've always seen your name. Your name has been, um, uh, common to most of our eyes. So, you preach around the world and could you share some of those most unforgettful moments, testimonies from your ministry? You see this sparks of those especially younger ministers that are into ministry to know it's not only the letter there must also be that man that part of the manifestation as much as we do not dwell on on that and focus on that we focus on preaching the word but God has to come around and vindicate that what you're preaching is the truth. Amen. Amen. Amen. You see, we are taught that with a restoration of the word, there's also a restoration of the power of the word. And like the messenger to the church of Ephesus, Paul, as you quote him just a while ago, Paul says, "For the word comes not in word only, but in power and manifestation of the Holy Spirit." Now in crescendum you see out there today on display they're trying not to preach the word of God to the people but try to give the people an attraction of the manifestation. Now gifts are always going to be in the church. Yes. But it's not the gifts that save you. The word is Christ. And once we focus on the word, now the Bible says um wherever the word is, the gifts will follow. You know, cuz gifts will follow the believer. These signs shall follow the believer. But in in St. Matthew 12, the Bible says, "An evil and adulterous generation seeketh after a sign, and no sign will be given unto them but the sign of the prophet Jonah." Now the pro the sign of Jonah is a sign of the resurrection which is a resurrection of the word of God in you the restoration of the word and with that will come actually the the all the gifts of the spirit. Yeah. Now I mean I've I've been through South Africa, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, uh you know Ghana, I've been to Kenya, Uganda, so on Liberia and I've been to Canada, US, Trinidad. I've been many places really and um I personally my focus first of all first and foremost is to for people to receive the word of God. God can heal a sinner but he's still a sinner. But God sent his word to heal us really. And God does not adopt the devil's children. All the gifts of the spirit and the redemptive blessing is for the believer. Yeah. So the word would catch the believer in let me speak of Uganda here. Um one of the first miracles I've seen in Uganda is in Buzza if I call the name right. Um I was with pastor Otette and um I was at his house and he tell me he wants me to pray for a little girl and we we went through the village. We came to this house of this little girl. Now as I reached there I saw this young girl you know she was covered uh over under a sheet and she was just groaning like that groan of debt this girl you know she was in pain you know she could hardly breathe but she was groaning so they the somebody came and they were relating the case to us really said what happened to her how old is she's 15 years old and they said two weeks ago her sister had died from the same sickness. And once her sister died, she had a dream that the demons are going to take her life. She's next. And I was moved with compassion. So I went across, I sit by her head and I said, "Lord Jesus, if you were here, you would have raised up this child in the name of Jesus Christ. Satan, get out of her. And listen, that groaning stopped. That little girl pushed that cover from off her and she sat up in the seat. Amen. I mean, it was so amazing to everybody around. Somebody went and called her mother and I there sitting down the brother speaking. I was really communing with God and I saw the vision that the mother would have come. And so when she came through the door, I asked her directly because I'd seen it. I said, "Why are the demons trying to kill your children?" And she began to relate to me that her husband had another woman and he had sent demons to kill all of her seven children. And I was telling her by faith believing in Jesus Christ, the faith of Jesus. I told her, I said, "No more of your children will die." And I witnessed to her Jesus Christ. And she fall on her knee and repented before Jesus Christ. Amen. And she and her daughter gave their life to Jesus. And that weekend they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. on my first trip here in Uganda, they followed me as far as uh you know as I traveled and preach on the eastern region, you know, they followed me and they preached when I was at brother Simeo's church. Um they followed me. They were they actually had to have a separate interpreter because they did not speak the common language based on where they were far from. But you know the people saw not only the word but they saw the gift of God following the word of God. M and on my second trip December of 2019 um uh Pastor Gideon took me to um Fortal where we had a convention in a secondary school and I must say really of all the conventions that I've preached over the world I've seen the power of God manifest in that convention more than I've seen it anywhere else and in that convention we never the ministers. We never laid on on anybody but just the going forth of the word that God is here again in the power of his resurrection and many people were healed and testify of their healing really. Yeah. You know the things that God did there was more than my eyes have seen in my many years of ministry. you know and you know the third time I came to Uganda they tell me you are you you were invited back because of what happened in the meeting in Fort Poral so I've seen the power of God in this place in this country really and my heart is being drawn to Uganda I love the people of Uganda because I've seen their faithfulness in the word and the hunger for the word of God in Jamaica I've seen in people just by the preaching of the word some are being called out the word of wisdom you know um we've heard the story of atite I can remember preaching back home and a sister she just confirmed the word brother Keith that's nothing but the truth and the inspiration struck me her name is sister Ma Dixon she was one of the first ones when I took the message into Lindstead Jamaica and The inspiration struck me and I said to her, I said, "Sister, because you have agreed with God word, tell your son Joseph that the job that he was going after, tomorrow is going to have the confirmation of that job." That young man was not in church. He's in a backseline condition, but he ran to my home that following Monday morning to show me a letter that he had received that a job that he was after trying to get, he had received the confirmation that he must report to work. Amen. Listen, I believe God. I believe because I've seen the dead raise. My trustee today, Brother Dixon, he was on his way to Kingston that morning when he died in the VA. The vehicle went into the rocks and the police had come. They had taken the dead body. They were taking it to the hospital. But under desperation that morning, I cried out to God. And when I reached to my bed in desperation to pray, I grabbed my Bible. I open it. I saw Acts 1 and verse 8. You shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you. And when I read the next verse, as the Holy Spirit tell me, I know he was dead because the Bible said, "And he was taken out of their sight." But I stood on my feet. I pierced the four. I said, "Lord, you promised that what we we ask, you will give it to us." Lord, let him come back to the church and tell the testimony of him being raised from the dead. And when the inspiration got to me, I dial again his wife and said, "Put the phone at his ears." And I prayed to the Lord Jesus Christ. God, you're so good to us. Amen. And God raised him from the dead that morning before the vehicle, reach into the mog. He was raised and sitting up and his wife crying out, "Brother Keith, he's trying to talk to you." The one that she cried is dead. Put the phone at his ears. He's now talking back to me. I went, they kept him three days in the hospital. The first time they put the phone on his ears, what kind of prayer did you pray? I said, "Lord Jesus, you promised to give us the desire of our heart. Lord, you know my brother how faithfully he is. I can't take this right now, but Lord, if you would bring him back to us and let him tell us what happened when he went to be on the curtain of time, bring my brother back, Lord. And listen, he rose from the dead. I didn't touch him. Faith knows no distance. The healing virtues of God know no distance. I remember also the brother who I first tra uh who had invited me to Kenya, brother John actually I met him in um Nigeria and I went to um Nairobi. I preached for them for one week. I'm sorry to interrupt you. Yeah. Um, there is the other part that was I really found so outstanding. Oh, brother Dixon. Of brother Dixon. Yes. Oh, yes. Let me let me tell the rest of Brother Dixon's uh testimony. But you know, I went to him in the hospital. He was there. He said, "Brother Keith," he said, "Man, I I died." He said, "When I when when when I passed out, I knew I died because I was looking at my body in the vehicle." Even when they were taking my body, I was watching the police as they take my body from around the steering wheel when they put me in that vehicle to lie down. And you know, I I saw my wife, my son was crying. He said, "I went back to my home and I walked around the house." He said, "Brother Keith, the the flowers in the garden was the most beautiful I'd seen." M he said as they took my body through the streets of Kingston he said I was looking down and I said Lord how did I live in that piss house for so long because he said from where I was I could see the crime and the violence and the ungodliness just cover over that city. He said where I was the feeling that I have. He said brother I never wanted to come back but he said brother Keith when you called my name I heard and I came back. Mhm. That's it. You know, we we thank God. Amen. We thank God. Well, he still raises the dead. God still raised the dead. Is that is the same yesterday done forever. I remember. Remember that's the the last words brother Bham spoke when he prayed for brother Brady. Amen. He said it's the same yesterday done forever. Yes sir. Yes sir. Amen. I I can remember my friend in Kenya, brother John. It was in the time of COVID and he was in the hospital dying. Really just could not breathe. I just could not breathe. And but when I went to Nairobi, I'd preach on the manifestation of the Holy Spirit. And that was why when I went to brother Whitcliff's church, I was to preach Monday and move on, but they let me preach Monday to Friday because they said, you know, we hear people preach the message, but they don't preach the manifestation of the Holy Spirit. And I was inspired to preach it. So, Brother John remembered that and he called me back in Jamaica. And you know I I right there on the phone I prayed for brother John Harry and immediately his breath came back to him normal. He was discharged from that hospital the same day that I prayed for him because almighty God heard that prayer. Amen. And heal my brother whom I love so much. Amen. Listen the bi you know this word tell us that if we would have compassion when we pray there was nothing that will stand before that prayer. Amen. And I personally believe that. Amen. Amen. Amen. Oh my. I felt like you should continue on and on and on and on because you're building many people's faith. Brother, we could speak of many manifestation, but but in my heart, these things happen because God want to show the people that he's here today and he's here in his word. Because my message to the people is that nobody has to lay hands on you. Exactly. When you receive that word of God, the sent time message, you know, divine healing is in that word, deliverance is in that word. And whatever it is that the devil can bring to you, this word come to deliver you. And I don't want to preach a gospel to the people that let them feel like a certain minister, a certain person has to be there to pray for them because the word of God is nigh thee even in thy mouth the word that we speak. And that's what Jesus gave it to Peter, you have faith in God. Yeah. For if you would say to this mountain, be thou moved and will not doubt in your heart, then all that you say shall come to pass. So this message is really about you, about me. Yes. Says, "Behold, I send you Elijah." Elijah the prophet. So it's not even about the prophet. It's about you. It's about you. Yeah. We are the focus. Yeah. Now we speak of the ministry today. Men want to build monument of themselves. Yeah. Elevate themselves to a position that I am the man. So people talks of a certain prophet and this in his life. Yet many times in manifesting trying to manifest the Holy Spirit, they've missed. Listen, God is not a failure. Yeah. God cannot wrong one time. And so, Brother Brandham shows us really, he said, listen, if you feel that you've got a gift from God in your life and one time you try to use it and it was wrong, he said, don't use it again. Don't try. Leave it alone. And so, that's not what we're for. But listen, when the time arises, whatever we need from God, it will be according as you say it. Because that is what was in the manifestation of the word in the third pull. Whatever you say shall come to pass. Yeah. God create a krill when there was no game. Just like he created a ram up on the mountain for Abraham when he was going to sacrifice his son. And in every time that was shown, it's God showing us that in every aspect of our lives, he will work for us really. Amen. Well, I really love what you said because uh one thing that is very distinct in this message is um um it's not something that pumps up a man but the word. The word and um you know uh where you find a minister, I mean especially in Pentecostalism, you find that it's all about a man, a man of God, a man, a man of God, a man of God. And you see church is all about the pastor but not about the word. and and you know but in what you said it's not about you even trying to manifest anything it's just you leaving the word and preaching that word and the people believing that word and becoming the what the word said that they would become so I would like to encourage you know the people who are listening in to focus on not only knowing what the word speaks of them but you know becoming that word because we are supposed to become that word now uh pastor Keith How do you stay grounded in the message amidst all these distractions and you know instability in the world and I should say in the message world today cuz I mean there's been a lot of um clicks and groups and camps but from what from the little fellowship I've had with you in neither of those camps. H how you were you able to do that? God has protected me from my youth. You you see um Jamaica there's a lot of countries the prophet never visit. I I'm proud that the the prophet of Malachi 4 put foot on my nation Jamaica. Not only that but there's a prophecy for Jamaica in the message straight is the gate. Brother Brandham speak of that um vision he had for Jamaica you know the little virgin church. And he said it like this. He said, you know, he talks about the him visiting the three nights that he would be there, the city blocks that would be covered, but he said, but the little church will be taken by the word into further things until it shake the entire island. Brother, when I came in as a young person, I was the youngest preacher around for the message. And when I came in, there was just one church really standing with the message in Jamaica. But I felt responsible because I believe that everything that God puts me through and bring me to this really is for a purpose. And I begin to seek the purpose of God for my life. Now I mean I've met many brothers and many of the names that you know people would have mentioned and so I I know them personally. I've rubbed shoulder with many men and so I am not after personality or to be something really. My name doesn't have to be mentioned but I want them to see the message of Malachi 4, Revelation 10:7 go forward. How do I keep grounded? It's the grace of God. Amen. because I many ministers are full-time. The only reason I can do the things I do, I also have a professional work. You know, I work professionally. Um I'm an electrical engineer by trade. I am a lecturer in business. I I've not lectured in electrical because my master's degree is in business. You know, I'm a lecturer. I'm a mentor for young people. I do things to help my government you know reaching out to young people really in polytechnic um try to curve their them to you know towards business mindedness and so and so there's many aspect to my life then personally I'm a farmer you know because um I believe into to be self contained as a person living an holistic life I don't believe in depending on people. I believe that all that I have need of God will provide it for me. Amen. And and that is what I see because I've seen a system today where people use money from might be the west and many group many honorable men preaches the gospel. They give because God has given to them and they freely give without attachment. But in many places you see people give because they're not only giving of their resource, they want to give of their own ideas, their own doctrine and all of that really. I say that the pastor I had really helped me in that really and then the personality I personally have. I I was uh I I graduated at uh uh 23 years old from university really. So I was marketable in myself. I can earn my own money really if I and I've seen other brothers who are not in the position that I am in really they have to depend on others ministers coming through you you know he needs help with resource really I I really am not that kind of person you know if if somebody is going to pass through me I want you to direct things to where it is really needed also in my life um because of the way my pastor do my former pastor brother Brady bless his heart bless his heart um missionary it was a part of us really that the first Tuesday of every August we are in North Carolina at a missionary camp meeting brother Henry Green to brother Dan Dasley to now brother Joe Green and in that meeting our focus is really to help churches throughout the world that ministry there in Bible tabernacle Ruth, North Carolina. It's not elevated. It's not talked about. Nobody even know the name of that church. Many they've never advertised where I mean you know that they provide funds because they didn't provide it. Different churches pull their funds together to help churches over the world. And this is what I look at when we bring people to the message. Sometimes they are kicked out of organizations and all of that. Really, we need to gather our people together because in order to teach our people and to bring them into further things in the word of God, we have to have churches. Yeah. We have to have men of God who are mature, who have the understanding, the anointing and the revelation of the word of God who have no attachment to nothing but to see the word of God go forward. brother, that is my heart, you know. I mean, I don't have to be seen, be known. I don't have to be in a city to be in a great place. I want to know where is the next place that my people might be under pressure because they don't have the resource and the connection that they need to really learn and be mature in the gospel. let me go. That is what I want to do. And then encourage others to go because in North Carolina the the the phrase that we use for that meeting, if you can't go, send somebody. Send somebody else and and that is it. And so it has helped me where I keep in the middle of the road. There is no camp no doctrine or so that I belong to really you know um I my name is known because might be I preach different places you know I've gone to different places by the grace of God nobody says that they send brother Keith I go from my own hurting you know God has blessed me and give me that faith that I believe that if I need the resource to go somewhere God will provide it and Brother, listen. God works upon our motive and our objective. If our motive is right, God will use that. And I thank God when I came to Uganda, I met brother Gideon. At my first trip, it was the end of my trip that I met brother Gideon. I thank God for the heart that he has, for the faith that he has that he did not ask for anything. No, he had one desire to see the word of God get to the people and my understanding from what I've seen he has tried everything in his power. I think he works too hard. But his desire is to see the word of God go out. And that is why if I'm going to be in Uganda, I'm going to be brother Gideon. He's my friend. He's my brother. And I love the work that he does and I really appreciate him really because God give him to me. The first day I step into his church and preach, he did not know me. Maybe see me at a convention, you know, our hearts as unite. And by that I have a base in Uganda where I can work from because everywhere I go, I need a base, you know, and I thank God I've met you on this trip and I thank God for your faith and your heart believing the word. But there's something I've seen in you that um I see in my past. You're a pastor of young people. When I started out um 30 years ago pastoring, the average age in our church was 22. And um I say this the the brothers say to me, they say, "Daddy, they you look at me to as an elder, but I don't feel that I'm older than 18 years old." Mhm. The time when I receive the revelation of the word, I still feel that way, you know, because um the young people wherever I go, they are drawn to me. And I love that because I believe that if God tries, we've seen the older ones going off the scene, the young ones that we have today, we are to mentor them because they are going to be the ministers of tomorrow. M and I know and I'm a certain that if I should go to the grave before my change and Christ has not called the bride into the rapture, this message is going to go from strength to strength because there'll always be a people perfected by the word and can make that body change. Amen. Amen. That's really very insightful and especially um uh you know the part of uh believing God and trusting God when he calls you into ministry because we've had it especially here in Africa you know it's been quite challenging because of um of the way people um should I say the perspective uh because life is hard life gets hard and so when some when God calls a man into ministry the first thing they they want to think about is who is going to support me and Then they forget that brother Banham says that if God sends you then he will support you. You but you provide but if a church sends you then they should provide for you. So uh then there's been fewer men trusting on God for God to provide and then you find they also do not want to work and they want to rely on others. So I think what you have given to us as what you have been able to do is you've been able to trust God. You've been able to work with your hands and this has helped you to be independent and self-reliant and then you you can stay grounded not to be you know taken to this camp that camp because well they're supporting you. Yeah. You know it's very important for young people really and and I say you know there was a saying when I came in you know and in the earlier years you hear it less today that education is of the devil. Mhm. But education is a tool. Money is a tool. Education is a tool to further the gospel. Because actually the respect I have back in my own country is because of I'm educated. I can speak to people at another level at times really. And just like money, it's a tool because it it help us to reach certain regions really. Now I say that America is a first world country and um there's people who really don't need education to make a living but a young man you're going to want a wife when you get to a certain age. You're going to have children. you you know and you're going to have to have a a source of survival when a brother says, "Oh, brother Keat, you know, I mean, my children are are kicked out of school because I can't pay the school fee, you know, and you're you're a pastor." And so, it's really hurt my heart really. But, you know, sometimes our perspective of how we look at things really is wrong. Yeah. And our motive is wrong. Yeah. Listen, I mean I went to college and during my college days was when I gathered strength for the gospel. Many things happened to me in my personal life, my family life at that time that gave me strength that I live in that chapel praying because of the things that were happening and that gather strength to me. Now I was being educated for the work that God has for me afterwards. When brothers come along, I mean I didn't go to them that I was seeking uh resource to go do things really. No, I had the tools to make a living. Yeah. And I say to our young people, get the tools in the years that you need to get your tools. Really? Yeah. parents uh invest in your children. M you know um the education minister in the shadow educator and minister of our country he visited our churches uh our church um I think three weeks ago because he heard of me really and you know I let him stand in the church and say something and he said if every household have one degree then we are alleviating poverty among our people. Mhm. Now somebody said well that is not necessary. Listen if you've got the skills you can say well I've have open fields let me go work the field. really what education does for you really it it points you into the area where you know where to acquire knowledge it might not be specific knowledge of uh say you know electrical or you know um you know civil engineering or or so but you know how to acquire resources that you need to put into to mobilize what you're going to do I mean I'm a very small farmer farmer, but I use tools to make work easy really. And so from you know you say you can say well I have an acre what can I do with one acre right? If you have knowledge, you learn right the best way. I could plant corn on it really, but how much work returns would I have from corn? Or I could put livestock. How much returns I have? So you you you have the knowledge to select the best way for the economy of scale of what you have really. Yeah. So education is important. Yeah. I mean as a pastor also sometimes to your people you become your the financial uh advisor counselor you become the social counselor the marriage counselor you're all things to all people. Yeah and we find in many areas churches sometimes suffer because the the the knowledge of the minister in different areas. It doesn't mean that he necessarily has to have a degree in something or something like that really but have the capacity to broaden your experience and your your your knowledge base really you can speak and being informed you know our young people the more they are informed the more knowledge they acquire is the more they can help others also you know but let us look at the Bible Peter was ignorant and unlearned if all that we had written in the New Testament ment was the writing of St. Peter. How much would we know about our walk? But God took a man who was educated on the Judaism. He learned at the feet of Gile. Paul was a scholar. But look the contribution. Yeah. That he make to the first church. Yeah. That our prophet could identify him as a messenger to the church. But yet Paul said, "All that I had, I count it but dong." But he had the capacity, the ability to write in a certain way and to understand and place complex things really that Peter thought that some things that Paul write it's hard to understand. So education is a tool. Mhm. Sometimes we've got to take that which is out there really, which is the devil's really, but we use it for the upliftment and the moving forth of the gospel of Jesus Christ really. So in our churches, we need doctors. We need Christian doctors. Mhm. You know, I go to a doctor and he's telling me he doesn't believe in God and they I don't want you to touch me. Yeah. But we have we have we have we have doctors. We have believers who are doctors. Yeah. We we have believers who are engineers. We have believers who will not I mean, you know, trick you in a business really because they are honest men. And so we're not going to take the back seat and said, "Oh, we ain't going to school because, you know, education's of the devil." No, no, no, no, no. Do your schooling. God will guide you through that. And I'm not afraid that say if our children go to university, they're going to backslide. No, no, no. M my I have two daughters and listen they've gone to the top of their education really I never worry about my oldest she's 34 thank God my youngest she's 27 and they are still in church they are fervent Christians my youngest she's a she she's a psychologist really she's a psychotherapist she sit before murderers and rapists and so and counel with them really and she's not afraid and even because the law she cannot project her it. But people find out and it's asking what is it that you believe? Because they know that there's something in this little woman. Wherever you go, you stand out because you're a child of God. Yeah. And it reflect in everything that you do. Yeah. David took the sword of Goliath and he killed him with it. That's it. Cut off his head. So it might be of the devil, but right there we can be able to use it to better ourselves. use it for all good. Yeah. And and so if you are following and you a young man, a young lady, and you you've not been in school or you're biased with school, you think it is a kind of thing for you to do, right? Right there, you've had it. If you're a parent, please take your children to school. I believe um that that is very very insightful. I mean, I had a a little more. I I wish I wish everything we we talked out of here could be brought back here about this subject. I mean there is much to talk about. There's much to talk about. And let me say though, you know, Africans might say, you know, but our people are poor. I grew up with just my mom and my mother was a wash woman. My mother was working $10 per week. Four boys going to high school and I went to high school without missing a day. when she did not have it, she borrowed from people who had it. And I can remember in the nights she was checking how much money she had owed to people in our community for sending us to school. Sometime it was over $100. That that time was a lot of money for us that we didn't have, but she made a sacrifice and it help us today. M I would encourage all young people take your schooling seriously. It will help you tomorrow. And and and there's a statement you made to the young people the other day. You you told them do not r try to rush life. That's it. Yeah. It will all fall in place. Yeah. It would all fall in place, you know. Praise the Lord. Well, I I was going to ask you uh you know the key that lesson that you'd give to the young ministers um in their early especially when they in the time of their early calling uh because you've been there and I'm sure this can help them. you you know I' I've heard many young men says really you know um and and it's it's as though they boast my ministry my ministry ah don't be like that read give attendance to reading and I I remember you know a young minister he said I don't read nothing but the message of the hour I read everything I read because I I need to broaden my my my knowledge base really you know that when I speak to somebody whether it's politics or you know I mean the in in the the business world business world or commerce you know what you're talking about I know what I'm talking about really I I read personal personally also I like to read my history you know I I want to know where I'm coming from as our musicians say if you don't know where you're coming from then you don't know where you're going you you know and be proud of who you are don't try to be like anybody else. David said, "I'm black, but I'm Comely, you you know, I mean, I don't put myself below anybody really." And one of the reason why because I mean, beyond what you see, I know the path through which God has brought me to be here. So, I say to young men, read, read, read, read the message of the hour. Jesus said, "You you you read the scripture, for in them you say you have eternal life, and these are they that testify of me." Don't be shallow in what you're saying. Read with understanding. Yeah. Listen. And I say to young men who want to be in ministry, stay with your pastor. Lift up his hands. Yeah. pray and fast for your pastor because that man what he's feeding you is going to manifest. Yeah. In your own ministry. Yeah. You understand? And and and that is very important. You look at a young man and how fervent he is and how he respects his pastor and support. when he moves to his ministry and his ministry begin to be mature, God is going to bless him. Yeah. In all that you do. Yeah, that's it. That's exactly right. Don't be gluttonous of anything. If you don't have God don't want to give it to you. Pray and ask God. We are not to be that our hands are out for begging. Because David said, "I once was young, now I'm whole. I've never seen the righteous forsaken. Neither is he begging bread." Mhm. Listen, if you desire to be in ministry, you desire a noble position, God is going to bless you in all of that really. Yes, God is going to bless you. So, don't run after it really. Don't run to the scene of ministers. Uh, no, no, no, no, no. The gift inside of your life will make room for you. And you see there's been a lot of things and actually because of what you're saying you you can now begin to see what has been happening especially on the African continent. Oh yes. Uh in the religious world you find that people go into all sorts of fanaticism. Yes. Simply because they are not educated. They do not know. They don't read. They they never read. And it is so sad to say but even message believers message believers don't read the message. You see so they don't really know what it is saying. So even they are prone to go into any sort of fanaticism especially if their leader is a fanatic in a way. So you you find that reading is very important. Yes. And and and in the early parts of you know preaching really I mean I might from one message I might quote from um seven different messages really and sometimes I don't quote it because I know what is there on the page you know so I just preach you know let the anointing lead me. But you know in the beginning really um I remember brother Joseph Freeman if I pronounce his name right I think he was at the meeting. He he was sharing a testimony in North Carolina. He said you know his pastor had died and you know they had elected him to take the church and he said he didn't know how to preach. He has never preached before but he said he take one message and he read it. He make points and that's all he repeat to the people. Start with one message, one message and you know then another one and another one. God would lead you into areas to put doctrines and messages together. Amen. You know, just be simple. Amen. Well, um our time is running and I'd like us to put this to a close in a few moments, but before we do, I'd like to go into faith in the marketplace. Very good subject here. you know you you you work for a multinational company and while you are also uh very active in the ministry so how do you maintain the balance well I I'll be honest with you you know um when I study I had a kind of discipline where I read three hours per day every day and it's it's breaking yourself into a kind of discipline that you structure yourself really structure your day each day. Each day has 24 hours. And if you're going to sleep for 7 hours really, then you have seven from 24. Structure your time in such a way that you make the most productive use of the time that you have. you know, um the first thing that I do every single day, the first hour is pen to the word of God. That's it. That's my meditation time. When does your day start? Well, I I'll get up maybe at 5:30 or sometime 5:00 really. I I get up and I spend an hour, you know, just going through material really, you know, like that. And I've seen where brother Brandham said he pray in the early hours because that's the time that demons go to sleep, you know. So I I I find I get things that time really. But I mean my day is, you know, when I'm at home, I I run a full day cuz I I meditate early in the morning. When I go through the door to and I walk to the farm, that's my exercise time, you know. Um really that's the time I exercise. I move around, do things. I I take inventory of things that I have, things that I need to do, you know, look over my livestock and so then I go back home, I, you know, get myself ready and I go to my office really. Um, my work today is more like, you know, of a consultant really and directing, you know, other directing things really based on priority. So I I I'm not a wrench time worker anymore cuz this year um is going to be December is going to be 37 years since I work with um the boxite aluminina company really. So um a lot of my day also my time might be spent helping HR because of my knowledge in business and law company law of contracts doing investigations really research but um in my team we have electrical engineers I have instrument engineers I have instrument electricians electrical power electrons I have um craftmen laborers you know so we have a big team to work with really and so But I direct people's lives. Now I I'm at the stage in my life where if I want to spend four hours in my office just preparing a message to preach on Sunday, I can do it. It's no problem to nobody. But you know, I mean over the years you develop respect. People respect you because of the way you live your life, because of the way you do. I mean my plant manager, you know, as I was leaving, you know, he said, "Man, listen, you take it from me. I'm coming with you to Africa." you know, he wants to see things that happen here, you know, and he's a nominal Christian really. And so, but you know, he they asked me to pray for a plant the start of every week. That is respect. My because people see your life. I remember 37 years ago, I was the youngest person in the department. They said many people come as Christians. They're no longer Christians. They backslid. Yeah. Well, 37 years after, I'm still a Christian and I still believe in the power of God. And if people have, whether they be a janitor, an engineer or whoever they are, have a problem spiritually, they come sit with me in my office and we talk about it. I can pray with them really. So, you develop a life where people respect you. Structure your life. Structure your life. you know um I do lectures really and um you know they they say at the heart foundation you know um that is our polytenic institution they said there's one thing about you anytime we call you you are there let people respect you because you are pontual because you keep schedule and whatever you say you're going to do exactly what you say you're going to do. Don't say you're going to do it. You change your mind. People can't have confidence in you. I am not a I am not a junior. I am not 20 years old. I'm a old man. I It's I find it hard to believe because I don't feel that way, you know. I can run faster than any one of these young guys here. also because I'm Jamaican and you know we have the fastest people in the world you know and so but um you know I still feel that there's a lot that I still have can do you know I I say we can balance our work um our professional work our spiritual work and our own business and also um it's very important for us we preach a message that we're not accepted by everybody we need to be independ dependent live a certain life that you depend on nobody. Yeah. So I earn my own. So not because you are employed to a company you have one stream of income and that is it really. No have as much stream of income as you can so that you have liberty to do other things. You can give to others really. you you know I mean I for one the way we structure our church I take some of the load from the church in paying the utilities and things like that so that the brothers can take care of the the the needs in the church really and so but I can only do that because I do other things for my living you know my travel I've never traveled with money that I earn from my company no I travel with money that I earn for my business because I asked the brothers to pray. God bless it and it provide for my traveling really. So you know that that's it. There's many things I have to go to the textbook to tell you but uh you know I can tell you the basic things in life really. Yeah. Be a Christian at your place of work. Amen. Let people know you're a believer wherever you are. Wherever you are. So tell them upfront Yeah. that you're a believer. Don't try to be like them. No, no, no, no. Don't be an hypocrite. H Some young people believe business and ministry don't don't mix. So, how would you advise them to see the harmony between the two? Well, listen, you you've got to have the B mind for it really. Discipline, you know, brothers, I remember brother um sent me a text and he he was texting and I respond, but but I have things I'm doing things really. And he said, you know, brother Keith, you you you you don't spend time speaking to the little people really, you know, because you and I said, brother, listen, it it's not that I've got to work. I've got things that I need to do, you know, and um I can't just I don't call somebody. Brother Gideon has been my friend for years. I've never called Brother Gideon on the phone just to say hello or hi or talk about and something trivial. I've never done that. And and people who know me know that I I don't do that. If I ever call you on the phone, it's for something very specific. There's a purpose. Yes. Because whatever you do because my life is structured. What I do from day to day is very structured. I have no time for idle talk. If you want to meet with me because you have a spiritual need and we need to talk about it that I have time for. And you see pastor, it's a problem. You know, you find people calling you and and they're like, "I want to greet you." If you don't give them time, they say you're proud. Yeah. I I I don't have time for it. I'm I'm sorry. I I just don't have the time because of where I am now. Might be when I'm older, when I reach 75 or 80 and you do less things in my life, then maybe I can sit and chat all day, but I I I don't have time for it. I I don't have the time for it. You know, and but but one thing is certain though to be approachable for the people. It doesn't matter where I'm at or what I'm doing. If my people need me because they have a problem, everything stop because the number one purpose of my life is to serve God and serve the people of God. Amen. Not my business, not my job is to serve God and serve his people. And other those things that I do is that I might serve them better. And anytime it get to the state where I can't serve my people because I have a job because I have a farm, you know, I will stop doing that and serve my people. You've talked about structuring um yourself or oneself. Uh but then let me just bring it this way. What message principles uh guide your approach to business and to leadership especially in the corporate space? That's uh brother Brham was always in contact with the Christian businessmen. Yeah. You know, and that was aspect of his life. But also um really when brother Brham left Jeffville and moved west um as you know I was told by one of the Holder brothers really brother Brandham wanted a a settlement meant for the family really and he wanted to do something that the family was settled but remember now also brother Brham was a trapper brother Brham was a game wer you know so while the time that brother Brham preaches he also did other things. So, Brother Brandham did not sit around in an office and play with pages all day long, you know. No, no, no, no, no. He was always and he was a guide, you know, to to visitors. And so, really, the Apostle Paul was a tent maker, you know. And so, so we ought not to say that because, you know, I remember brother having 10 persons in the church and he said, "Boy, you know, I don't want to work. It will get in the get in the way of the ministry." But you ain't got nothing doing. If you counseledled with each person, 10 persons for one hour for the day, the day is still not done, you know. So we ought not to do that. And most important, not to put ourselves on a pedestal that we cannot be reached by the people. A minister must be approachable. He must be reachable. We must not live in an air where we think that we are better than the people. Though we do not take part in trivial matters, joking around or goofing around really, you know, but we must be approachable where people are comfortable to speak to us and approach us. Really, young people have needs that they to talk about really. We must be in a position where we have time that they can be with us. There's a lot we can talk about faith in the marketplace. Uh I guess we can't even get it. Oh, brother. anyway in this little time that we have. But maybe your last comments on that subject and then we can try to My last comment really God opened doors for us really. Yeah, we I mean my pig farm I supplied before co I supplied one pig per week or one every two weeks or our chickens really we were uh supplying might be I I can't even remember our poundage now really that we're supplying might be um 200 pounds you know might be every two 3 weeks or so really when COVID pressure came on and I prayed. I I I think I asked some brothers different places to pray, help me pray for a business. And listen, God opened doors at that time when things were bad, where everything was falling, where businesses were closed. That was a time that our business exploded. Faith put God in whatever you do. We've been in the market this year five years and um people around us things are bad. Nothing is selling but we still sell maximum you know and so really we started supplying to a market 30% of what the market demanded. Today we're up to about 85% really we're helping other farmers. God. And one thing for certain, they used to call me the chicken man in Oeras because we supply chicken. That's what they know. Today, everybody call me pastor. And everybody having spiritual need, they want to talk to pastor. And some are barmaids, some are prostitutes, some are just good Christian, nominal Christians. Whoever they are, they now see us as believers. And people tell us you are different from the rest. Cuz we live we live in our business. You have business people who hope and don't pay who who credit things and never pay for it. Business people who are Christians. Listen, when you're a Christian, you do business according to God's word. Yeah. Ow no man and let no man hold you. People hold their stock waiting to sell to us when we've got a need and we said sell it. We don't know when we can reach you. They said we will not sell it until you are ready for it really because in our business we are Christians in everything that we do. And if I do business, if I buy livestock from somebody, I want to make sure that not only I'm satisfied, he's also satisfied with the negotiation and the deal that we come to. He's satisfied and I'm satisfied because at the end of the day say about me I do business like a Christian. Amen. I'm a child of God. Amen. Thank you so much for that. And now we go to the final uh questions. Um and this is very personal because you're talking to young people. What do you see as the biggest threat? Um especially on the spiritual side, the spiritual threat to the youth in the message today. How can you advise them to overcome them? Worldliness. Worldliness. Brother Brandham said worldliness would be the number one sin. Let me show you what our young people interact with our societies really. And you you pass you you you're at a certain age, certain level. When you were growing up, you you heard the music of the world and it had some effect on you really. our young people today the music that they hear the music of the world and I can say Jamaica has export the music to the world and it's the worst it's the the lowest and the most degrading music in all the world Jamaican music that's what it has gotten to today and our young people they hear these things I listen and I don't even hear the words that they're saying but they hear it the billboards, television for those who see it. And everything is set up in a certain way. It's the marketing of of of the devil, Satan's Eden. It's set to catch you, to turn you a certain way. Homosexuality, it's there before your face. You are not enraged about it really because it's there. You You get used to it really. you you get used to people using indecent languages and you know if you're not careful you you you slip and you say the same thing really the battles we fought our young people are fighting a greater battle today and so it is to for us really not to just tell them oh we were because might be if we were if I was 20 today I would have a harder battle to fight than when I was 20 because there was less demons that I had to right back then that we've got to be aware. I was listening to an African pastor preaching two weeks ago and he said that uh parents are giving their 16year-old a cell phone. How could you give a 16y old a cell phone? Huh? Well, listen. I I don't know about Africa but in the west if a 16-year-old don't have a cell phone that 16year-old would fail in school and all of that really because everything today is on the net. We the education today is all there. It's worldwide. Your minds are open up. It's a worldwide contact that we have and our young people is a part of that. And this is the reason why if we miss on teaching the Holy Ghost to our young people, yeah, we will miss our church. If you give them a false sense of security that ah because you believe that God's in a prophet, you've got the Holy Ghost and they don't have that life of Jesus in them, they're going to fail. Brother, you don't have to watch your children when they go out there. You don't have to worry about them when they go to college that they're going to take the wrong influence. What you need to do is to ensure that in every church we teaches the Holy Ghost and ensure we set the church in such a way that the power of God fall in the heart of those young people or else they will never survive in the world that we are living today. Yeah. And so I say to our young people, whatever you do, make sure the life of Jesus Christ is in you. That is it. That is the solution. That is it. There's one solution. The Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Wow. I I was touched by that. Um um I am speechless. God bless you so much for that council. Now, if you could speak to the younger Keith Reed. um just starting out. What would you tell him today? Ah man man pray more, fast more, read more of the word. You know, I thank God for that which what I did, but I wish I did more because might be I don't know, I would be in a different place today. But um I did not do as much as I needed to do in evangelism because of how I was um connected to work. You know, it was tremendous sacrifice to be where I am at intellectually and so and um it took some things from me but I must say by the grace of God he has kept me you know he has kept me the things the way I live my life today I wish I live my life like that when I was 20 years old you know and so so I said as I say before study. Give attendance to reading. Pray, be sensitive to the spirit of God, the leading of the Holy Spirit. Make sure that you have an hon. And the only way you're going to get that is through prayer. And surrendering your life to Jesus Christ. The more that I surrender is a light to my Lord. Amen. Amen. Well, um I only have one last question here now. It's not a question. It's like a statement. Um this is being recorded probably I do not know for how long. Um the Lord we have until the Lord comes. I believe that uh the rapture can happen anytime soon. Uh maybe the next minute. We do not know. But we also do not know how long we're going to have on this earth. Uh but this shall be watched if the Lord tries for many many more years to come. Amen. What do you want to be remembered for? And it's very good I'm asking you this question right on the mission field. Amen. In Africa. Amen. Amen. Amen. That I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision. I had a burning desire not just that people say the name of a prophetic forerunner William Brham but that the message that he brought and energized their lives and they live by that word and so the generation that is to come press on the word of God. Amen. He will see you through. Amen. Um I'm going to ask the sister to sing a song and and uh any maybe a chorus and uh I know you shared a few testimonies of what the Lord has done through your ministry and it's not by accident you are here. It's not by accident that many are connected at this moment and also those who are here. So I'm going to ask you to uh pray for them uh that whatever need that they have that the Lord may be able to intervene in their lives. Thank you so much for coming to be a part of this program. It's been a real honor. It was a honor to travel with you to Kenya. That was a blessing. And also to our young people that were with us and a honor to have you here at the bench today. Let us ask our sister to sing a little chorus and then after that you will pray. You are the mcle. You are the miracle in my life. And I thank you Lord. Yes, I thank you. I have safely made it through because of you. You are the miracle. You are the miracle. in my [Music] life and I thank you Lord. Yes, I thank you. I have selfly made it true because of you. You are the miracle. You are the miracle in my life. And I thank you, Lord. Yes, I thank you. I have safely made it through because of you. You are the miracle. Oh yes, you are the miracle in my life. said, "I thank you, Lord." Yes, I thank you. I have safely made it through because of you. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray. Oh heavenly father, Lord, we thank you God for this time of fellowship. Thank you Lord God for those who would hear this tape. Father Lord we pray that what we've said may not stumble them oh God but Lord God may positively affect their lives in a positive way. Father, we pray God that by your Holy Spirit, may you carry, oh God, the words that we present today, oh God, and Father, we pray that it may be effective in the life of others. Lord, we pray that, oh God, as these young people go through the different strains and struggles of their life, Lord God, we pray that you would guide them, oh God, and Lord, cause, oh God, things to happen in their lives that would direct them, oh God, in the right path. Lord, we even pray for those who feel today that they've made errors and there were obstacles in their way and they they have failed many times. But Lord God, we thank you that you are the God of grace. That Lord God, you did not save us. You did not carry us through because we were good. But Lord God is by your unmmerited favor. And we pray, oh God, that you'd rescue the perishing. You'd care for the dying. Snatch them in pity. Shut out, oh God, the distractions of the world today. That Lord God, they might look steadfast in your face. And Lord God, may your victory be their victory. Have your way, God, in our lives. And we thank you, Lord God, for the way you have led us and keep us. May you, oh God, also keep others as we soldier on. Cuz Lord, we have a mind to serve you. And Lord God, we have decided that we would believe your word. Lord God, we pray that you'll send your holy angels always to guide us as we walk this path. as we give you the preeminence in Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. God bless you so much. And to our listeners, God bless you. And uh maybe before you go, I just want to say I appreciate uh Pastor Gideon who has um been so supportive to make this to happen uh by allowing us to talk to you because you are his guest on this trip and we really uh thank him so much for that. God bless you all and um we'll be waiting for you uh on our next episode. Uh we do not know when, but I know very soon we'll have another episode of the bench. God bless you all. Have a good time. God bless you. [Music] [Music] [Music] You have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. [Music] Jesus, you have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well, Jesus. You have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus, you have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus.
