################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - 25-0608M AUSTRALIA TRIP REPORT  Our True Origin  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  Sunday Morning - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    25-0608M AUSTRALIA TRIP REPORT / Our True Origin || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Sunday Morning
Speaker:  Busobozi Talemwa
Church:   Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 4h 1m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THnLX-Jvc8E
========================================

Description:
Subscribe for our YouTube for Live Services: https://youtube.com/@dvfellowship?si=iBBxHyQNrA-tVU4w
Visit our website at: https://dvfellowship.org/
Listen and download our audio sermons at: https://dvfellowship.podbean.com/

#dvf #worship  #sundayservice #service #wednesdayservice  #sundaylivesermon #endtimemessages #worship #livesermon #livestream #daysofthevoicefellowship #endtimemessage #williammarrionbranham #ThemessageoftheHour
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's get on our feet. Praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Hear our prayer. We are your children. We've gathered here today. gatherred here to [Music] pray. Hear our cry. Lord, we need your mercy and we need your grace today. He usually praise our father who art in heaven hall be thy name our [Music] Father, forgive our sins we pray and hear our song as it raises to heaven. May your [Music] glory as the world the [Music] sky I'll remove anything I stand the [Music] Oh come to you today our [Music] father who are in heaven hall be thy [Music] Father, hear us from our sins. Though we are few, we're surrounded by many of those that are before. This is the [Music] song for the Lord. [Music] Holy, holy, holy is the Lord. [Music] Holy soul, holy [Music] sing. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Glor. Hallelujah. Praise the [Music] Lord. as our brother comes here to pray for us by the prayers. Just want you to open your hearts this morning and just know that the Lord is here with us today. Praise the Lord and have faith in God. Hallelujah. Let's humble ourselves and we say prayer. Our father Lord Jesus once thank you for the wonderful time you have given each and every one of us Lord. For in the world many people wonder, many wonder whether there is salvation or not. Some wonder whether there is heaven or not. Some wonder whether we live tomorrow or not. But irrespective of all Lord Jesus, you decided to save us from any of those Lord Jesus Christ. And you brought us into thy kingdom. Our father, we are gathered here today to worship and glorify thy holy name Lord Jesus. We want to invite the princess to come and take over. Lord Jesus in every aspect of whatever will take place here. Lord, we commit our lives unto let every kind of inter in the in hindrance that may come and interfere our presence before the princes. Let it completely be taken away in the name of Jesus Christ and set us free. Lord, forgive us of our sins and we commit even the tithes and offerings unto the Lord Jesus. Bless the hands that shall that shall bring out Lord Jesus Christ. bless even our pastors. Thank you for having brought him back, Lord Jesus, safely and breathing and well, Lord Jesus, we thank you because you're good and you're wonderful. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we [Music] pray. Amen. I greet you once again in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord this morning? Amen. Just turn around, shake your brother's hand, your sister's hand, say, "God bless you." Welcome them in the house of the Lord. We are together again just praising the Lord. We are together again in one accord. Yes, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again in one. Something good. Something good is going to happen. Something good. So we are together again. Just praising the Lord. Yes, we are together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again in one year. Something good is going to happen. We are together [Music] again. One more time together again. Just praising the Lord. We are together again. in one of you is something good. Oh, something together again. Just praising the Lord everywhere he went. He was doing good. Alm mighty healer. He healed the lab. When the people saw him, they started on. Everywhere he went, Bal was doing good. Everywhere he went was doing good. The mighty he heal the leapers. When the reapers saw him, they started walking. Everywhere he went, my Lord was doing good. Everywhere he went, was doing good. Almighty he passers. When the people saw him, they started walking. Everywhere he went, my Lord was doing good. Everywhere he went. Oh he when the people saw him they started walking. Everywhere he went my one more time. Oh yes. Everywhere he will be God Almighty he when the people saw him they started walking [Music] oh I want to see him look upon his fist to sing Forever is sending grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice and feel so passful at last. Able to rejoice as I journey through the land. Singing as I go and pointing souls to Calvary to the crimson floor. Many horrors fears my soul from within. But my Lord leads me on to him. I must win. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face to sing forever on the streets of glory. And let me lift my voice. I hear so fast for my last ever to rejoice. Wait for my Lord that may be the light. But I'll cling on close to him. He will give me light. Certain. But my lord goes ahead for every time. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face and they are the same for his s on the streets of glory. Let me in my voice for my last to rejoice when I move toward the mountain high and behold my savior there leading in the fight with a tender hand to guiding me I can see as I go I want to see In California to sing forever send me grace on the streets of glory. Let me leave my voice at last to rejoice when me lost right. And my Lord corrects my back. He does simply care and he leaves me gently. Oh, he's a real friend to me. Oh, I love his I want to see him. Look upon his name to sing forever on the streets of glory. Let me leave my voice not so fast to my last to rejoice. Oh, I want to see him look up on his face and see on the streets of glory. Let me one more time. Yes. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face and they are to sing forever grace on the streets of glory. Let me lift my voice and gass to rejoice. Oh sing. Oh sh on the happy morning when all shall rise. Oh what glory hallelujah. When we meet a blessed savior in the sky some morning we shall see Jesus in the air coming out to you and me joy songs to share. What rejoicing there we sed for the jubile in the sky. Oh my. Oh my shing for the jubilee. Now he's just ahead and take me home and I turn into all my singing. Oh my sh in the sky. Oh my sh Oh sh all my glory. Hallelujah. single singing. Oh, I shall sing on the happy morning. Oh my hallelujah in the sky. Glory. Hallelujah. Good morning. We shall see Jesus in the air. Coming out to you and me. Jos to share. What rejoicing there we srise for the jubile blessed savior one more time is Oh my goal. We need a blessed savior in the sky. Soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. He's burning here in the church. Hallelujah. What a savior. My soul. Oh fire. Fire. Fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on [Music] fire. Hallelujah. What a savior. My soul again my soul sing. Hallelujah. One more time. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. His body red. Hallelujah. What a savior. My soul. My soul. My soul. Can we sing it again? Oh, fire. Fire. Fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is on fire. My soul is Oh, he's burning every Hallelujah. My soul. Hallelujah. Let's give a shout of praise to the Lord this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. Blessed be his holy name. Give a clap of praise to him. Hallelujah. Do you love him? Amen. Let's take our our seats. Hallelujah. Amen. I'll read a Sunday school report. They read from the book of uh Timothy chapter 2 Timothy chapter 3 verse one verse two inspiration God works through obedience the lesson character Esther's obedience she obeyed she obeyed anyhow without without questioning because of that because of that she was able to become a queen. Amen. Uh 15 children were present. Three three parents offering was 7,200. The teacher was brother Shim. May God bless you. Hallelujah. Amen. So special song from sister Fiona. Hallelujah. come and sing a song. Let's give her a clap as she comes. Praise the Lord. [Music] [Music] God bless you, church. Amen. As I sing this song, you are faithful. [Music] Lord of all the earth, how you care for me. You have made me. You will save and carry me always. You were faithful. You were faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my strength. You were faithful. You were faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my [Music] strength. Lord, you are my guide. I rely on you. I put my hope on things not seen. Your promises are true. You were [Music] faithful. You were [Music] faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my strength. You were faithful. You were faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my strength. Always. You're with me. Your hand will lead me. My trust is in your name. Always you're with me. Your hand will lead me. My trust is in your hands. You are faithful. You were faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my strength. You were faithful. You were faithful. You were faithful. Your joy is my strength. You are You are faithful. You are faithful. You are faithful. Your joy is my strength. You are [Applause] faithful. You are [Music] faithful. You are faithful. Your joy is worth a straight. God [Music] [Applause] bless. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. We are going to give in our offerings. Amen. Before we give in, there's a testimony here. The shalom saints. I want to thank God who added me another year on 3rd June that was last Tuesday. I want to thank him for the wonderful DVF family from brother Amram. God bless you brother. Amen. Let's sing that song. I surrender as we give you know our offerings. I surren to you. Everything I give to [Music] you. Oh, withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Oh, withholding nothing. Holy [Music] nothing. I surrender the whole to you. Everything I give to you. [Music] Oh, withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Oh, withholding. Withholding nothing. Oh, withholding nothing. I surrender. I surren to you. Everything. [Music] Everything I give to you. Oh, with holy. Yes. With holy holy nothing. Oh, with holy with holy. Oh, I surrender. My [Applause] story to you. Everything I give to you. We're holding nothing. We're holding nothing. Oh, holy, holy, holy. As brother Joel comes, the prayer was in the prophet. Amen. Oh, I gave myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use [Music] me. God bless you. Greet you all in Jesus name. Amen. This is our report from our land fund contributions for week 70. And this is how we have contributed uh starting with Iranas contributed [Music] 25,000. Amen. Then Paul 35,000. God bless you members of Paul. Amen. Then John Weasley 7 uh 42,000 call 72,000 then Martin [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] 43,000 William Brownham 130 [Music] [Applause] 30. Then Martin Luther, we have 43,000. God bless you. Amen. Then from the offering bag, we have 2,000. Then today we have a total of [Applause] 852,000. Amen. My God bless you so much for that contribution. And then from the 70 weeks we have 67,859,000. Amen. Then our overall total it is 94,678,000. May God bless you. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's get on our [Music] feet. Hallelujah. Do you love him this morning? Turn around once again. Shake somebody's hand. Say, "God bless you." Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I [Music] need your touch again. Lord, I need Lord, I need your touch again. your strength. Your strength. Oh, I need to you need your sing. Lord, I need you this morning. I need your time. Lord, I need Lord, I need your touch again. I need your peace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need your touch again. Oh Lord, I [Music] [Applause] need your time again. Yes, I need you, Lord. I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my [Applause] friend. I need your time. Lift up your hands and just tell him what I need. You need your Lord. I need Lord. I need your time to I need your [Applause] gra I need I your touch again. Open your heart to me this morning. I need your grace. I need your grace. I need you. I need to know you are my friend Lord. I need your touch again. Lord I need Lord I need your touch again. Lord I need Lord I need your Oh yes I need your [Music] rest. I need to know you are my friend. I need you. Tell me once again. I need [Music] you. Yes. Your Lord, I need you. your shaking. Yes, I need your grace. I need I need to know you are my Lord. One more time. Tell him. Lord, I need you. Oh Lord, I need Lord, I need your Lord. I need Lord your time again. I need your gra to know you are my friend. Lord I need you. Amen. In a few moments, just pray. Just speak to the Lord this morning. Hallelujah. Tell him, "Lord, I need your touch. I need your touch this morning." Oh, Father, just open your heart, your minds to the Lord. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] again. I need [Music] your strength. Need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need you. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need I need your touches. As our pastor comes this [Music] morning, I need to know you are my friend, Lord. I need your touch again. Oh yes, I need I need your touch again. Oh, I need Oh, I need your I need your I need I need I need to Oh, say one more time. I need I need your time. Oh, this morning I'm praying. I need your touch [Music] again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need your touch again. You are the God who was and is and is to come. [Music] Jesus, Jesus, and in you I trust. My life is in your hands. Jesus, you are the miracle working. You are your way. [Applause] Everybody I [Music] I you are Yes Lord. You [Music] [Applause] are glory only with our voices on the organ. Now you are your [Music] way. You are your way. Everybody lift up your voice to him now. You are your way. You are your way. You are Yah way. You are way. You are your way. [Applause] Oh yes Jesus, you are the Jehovah of the Old Testament, the Jesus of the New. We worship you this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, as the musicians pray, every everybody pray in your own way and worship the Lord. Amen. Thank him for what he has done for us this morning. Thank him for dying for us and for revealing who we are this morning. Amen. a part of him and we are here to worship him this morning. We are here to glorify his name because he's worthy of our worship, adoration and glory and honor. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah to the lamb. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah to the lamb of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus, lamb of God. Worthy is your name. [Music] Jesus, you are worthy, Lord. Your name. Oh, let us echo our voices to him now. Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Worthy. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you Lord. Worthy is your name Jesus this morningus. [Music] Oh, God. Worthy, worthy is your [Applause] [Music] name. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus, we approach you this morning to worship you. [Music] We have thanksgiving on our lips. Lord, you have done so much for us. We bless your holy name. We ask, oh God, you come and minister to us this morning. Share a few testimonies with the people, Lord, as they share the [Music] word. Lord, may we be blessed this morning. create a special day for each and every one of us as we talk about what you have done and what you're doing this morning and what you will do because you are Yahweh, the Jehovah of the Old Testament, the Jesus of the New. You do mighty things. For that we worship you, Jesus. I pray that you bless the congregation both here Lord and online. Lord, whosoever will be a part of this service, we ask your blessing upon in the precious name of Lord. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. I'm happy to see you, saints. I'm happy to be here this morning. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated for just a moment. A little longer moment this morning. Amen. Amen. I'm waiting for my my sound my sound is not uh well yet. I just want to greet you all in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I can see many are happy that I'm back home and only a few maybe are not but I'm happy to be back home. I can tell you there is no place like home. Amen. And being back there are three we have three babies. Brother Amram, happy birthday. Amen. Brother Julius, happy birthday. Just I think on Friday. Yes. When was yours? Is it today, brother Amram? [Music] Uhhuh. In your birthday week. And then we have somebody else. I think today is their birthday. Sister Sharon. Sharon, where is she? Okay. Oh, right over here. Today is her birthday. Happy birthday. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. I just want to say I have a lot of things to to talk about. And before we go to the word, I want to give you um a little mission report. Before I do that, I just want to appreciate uh God for keeping all of us, you know, in my absence. Brother Shem, can the sound be better? If it cannot, that's okay. Um uh and you know, the God the Lord that used the brothers to minister to you. Um I have a long list of them here. I tell you, people have been following the Even this morning, a brother from Australia told me he enjoyed the services and he specifically mentioned one of the brothers, a brother from Kenya. I heard from him from Kenya and I think from some other country they was specifically mentioning a few ministers that were a blessing to them. So thankful to hear that. Amen. And uh the brothers had preached brother Martin Julius Polin brother brother Shalom Shalom brother Amram was there were all these brothers we were on the pull pit. Brother we want to appreciate each and every one of them. Amen. You know, they kept the pull pit busy and they kept your heart fed and we we certainly appreciate God. But there are also others who have been doing a lot of work behind the scenes in the home sales, the homeale leaders. You know, brother is specifically doing a good work in his home. Where is brother? Is he here? I thought I saw him. Uh so I just want to say I appreciate him. Uh is um and and also I've always seen brother Luanga Brother Marvin preaching. Ah that's good preaching over at at the home sale in in that's really wonderful. you know, they turning home sales into um roadside evangelism. And I think friends, there there's no better way to preach the gospel, especially in places like our country here where we have the freedom and the liberty to do that and people can suffer us to do it. Really appreciate it. Amen. Um, you know, I was, you know, in Australia, they need to get a license to preach on the street. Brothers, you can still do it here without a license. Let us do it. Uh, the deacons, I appreciate you. Brother, you know, brother, brother Martin, God bless you. Um and the treasurers you know these have you know cons been consistent and really laboring uh the musicians. Huh brother Peter you are smart today. It should be like that every Sunday. God bless you all the musicians. I appreciate each and every one of you. Um um you know I mean I could mention names but you yourselves. I appreciate you. The media department, you know, all these people have been by the faithfully at their post of duty. Sometimes people out there think that DVF is a very huge church. We are very simple congregation but with a committed young people really want to serve the Lord. So the media department, we appreciate you so much. and um those DVF uh group land group leaders. I mean the the reports have continued coming through you know friends um and maybe next weekend we'll deal with that but we I believe we going to buy our land you know it many things might come in the way to try and obstruct and hinder But there is one thing that we should do. We should remain consistent in our burden and vision. The Lord shall accomplish it. And I specifically also want to appreciate the prayer group. There's a group here of uh sisters and brothers that really pray at every uh every day 3:00 a.m. in the morning. One day I tuned in and uh you know and I heard them specifically mention my name and I really appreciate that. All those that have been praying. May the Lord bless you so so much. Amen. Amen. Now because I I I am going to preach and I'm going to give you a mission report. I u I don't want to keep you long and I want to thank the song leader for keeping time. God bless you. I'll have the brothers put up the slideshows. Um, so that slideshows then you are able to see a little bit of the snippets of the trip and I can be able to highlight a few things for you. Amen. How many would love to have that? Amen. Amen. Wow. So, uh, brother brother Isaac, brother Marvin, I'm going to go right quick through it. I'll appreciate that, uh, you give me the slides as I mentioned them. Uh, brother Marvin, if you could give me slide two. So, right here that we we we we when we left, we landed in Qatar and this is the church in Katar. I was there not for long. It was not part of uh my my stop. It was not my part of my planned stop, but uh the Lord arranged it for us because I was there for more than 21 hours. And usually you would need a visa for Ugandans to enter a pre um a visa that you have applied before you you go through. I told them look I am just go going another place and I'm a minister of the gospel. The man looked at me, no doubt he's a Muslim, looked at me, said, "Okay, you are supposed to have a visa, but let me go and and see what my superiors will." And so, they gave me um a transit visa right away, which to me, I I feel that I felt that the Lord had a purpose for it. I uh went to the hotel and I did not know that there were any believers in the country. And so uh later on I I was led of the Holy Spirit to call a friend of mine, a brother, brother Ken in Nairobi. And I told him, hey, you know, I'm in Kata. He said, oh, you in believers in I said, for real? So you shared the contacts of a Kenyan brother. The Kenyan brother was he was working there but at the time he was in in Nairobi. He connected me with other believers believer connected me with the pastor. And if you give me the uh the next slide, you can see that that's the the lighthouse there. It's called end time message believers. End time message believers. And um I just wanted to show that this is a lighthouse in the middle of the Ishima. Lighthouse. There is a message church. Amen. Give me the next slide, brother. These are some of the brothers we are able to meet and fellowship with and others, sisters that we we don't I I could not put all the pictures for you really. The one next to me there on the other side is uh the pastor, brother Dandy and they were so happy to meet with me and very gracious and we shared a meal there had a few testimonies and talked about the Lord and speaking the same language of the message and uh and but believers of this message and later on the pastor you know dropped me off at airport. Um, and then we um, uh, Can you give me the next slide? Number five. All right. You see where is for those of you who don't have your geography very well. Right there in the Middle East. You see that small red dot there. So from there I flew to uh Brisbane Brisbane. Next slide, brother. Um and um number seven. Next slide, brother. Okay. Amen. On board the aircraft that was a 14-hour flight from Qatar to Brisbane in Australia. Brisbane, Australia. I met this young lady. Her name is Joy. Joy. She was seated next to my seat. So we started talking. Where is she going? What is she going to do? Oh, she's a student coming from Kenya going to Australia to study and so I started you know also. So who are you? I'm a pastor in Australia. Australia. You have churches? Yes. Oh yes, we have churches all over the world. Oh, I love this message. We we are identified with believers all over the world and um you know, so she it was her first time to fly. It was her first time to be at any airport. She did not know how to do things. I tried to help her, you know, and then finally we arrived and brother Gary was right there waiting for me. And so I introduced her to him. She was supposed to come to the meetings but it was a distance. She wasn't able to come in touch and I believe that that encounter will not leave her the same. So um I believe that she'll receive this message. All right. So then give me the next slide. So these are some of the pictures in Brisbane. We had a wonderful fellowship there with the believers and I specifically wanted to say greetings from brother Tim Reed. He he was here with us. Yeah. With Pastor Gary. I'm sure you recognize him way back. But this is at his home and that is uh his family, his son and his daughter. They sent greetings. Amen. Also, I specifically wanted to say greetings from brother Josh. Next slide. Brother um brother Josh the son-in-law to brother Gary says and brother brother Josh is a wonderful brother. He has a wonderful family. I was actually staying with them and he was telling me oh he has a burden to minister to young people. I told him then you are talking to the right person. I said we will surely have you come. So let us prepare ourselves for him his ministry. I believe he will be a blessing when he um uh that's also greetings from the congregation. Next slide, brother. You can really follow me. You can know when I have the I need the next slide. So this living word tabernacle tabernacle Brisbane Gary's church. Uh they sent they send a greetings. Um uh the next slide. Uh this is also I want to say greetings from brother Gary Walker's family. And when I say family, it's extended family. [Music] Um you know um there's only one sister missing here who is the wife of the son of brother Gary right now the brother who is behind me his name is brother Michael if I've not got so uh the rest are all grandchildren of brother Gary so that that this picture was taken um uh on the uh on The last night as they were dismissing me, it was a really good time we had with very lovely people. You know, I told the believers there in Brisbane that um you are genuine believers. The reason I told them that is because you know you find that these people are very busy. They work they they you know every one of them is employed and they work some of them late let you know either they're engineers or you know some this worker that they're very busy and for sure to serve God there you need to be really knowing what you believe you need to be genuine you need to be committed It is impossible to serve God with the way I know some of you. If you live there, you may no longer come to church. Why? Because some of you when you get a job, it becomes your God. You forget about church. Church becomes a burden. And you know, even some can't even think about going to church in during midweek. But these people they drive long distances they come from work. There is a particular brother I don't know his name but I specifically saw him every midweek service he was dressed in uh in um in in his overall very dirty but because he has to be at church he will always come and be in the midweek side. I love it. I I didn't talk about it, but I'm talking about it here because I was really touched by that. They are not poor. They have basic needs. Whatever they need, but they are coming to church. Some of us come to church only when we want to go to bless us. When he blesses you, you are too busy for God. Some I've heard even someone say ah let the ones who don't have anything to do going to church all the time to you who thinks like that. If you go to Australia you will stop going to church. It is a shame. These people are really genuine. I was touched. I was I thought I want to minister to them but they minister to me. But because they preached to me their life, I was able to see something that I could bring back home. So, brethren, we should be more serious. You know, brother Bam says that money can be a snare not only to those who have it, but also to those who don't have it. So you you be busy looking for money. You don't have time for God. Or you don't have money at all. You say I'm broke. I can't even. So really both sides. Only the people who know their God will really go to fellowship. So we don't come to fellowship because we are poor. We should come to fellowship because we love the Lord. We should not come to fellowship because we have money. We should come to fellowship because we love the Lord. Amen. And I I was really blessed by those brothers. They are genuine. I told them that you are genuine believers. And I and I told the the immigrants, the brothers that are especially African brothers, I said that look, you you come here when you're on fire and then when you arrive here, the fire dies. What happened is because life became softer and things became better. So really you should all of us we should take an inventory of our life. When are you on fire for God? when you have something in the pocket or when you have nothing. And these people don't have very much but they have what they need. But I noticed something. People are genuinely serving the Lord. So you should also we should also genuinely serve the Lord. You should have 100% amen on that. Amen. God bless you. 12. Number 12. So that right there in Brisbane, that's right at the red spot. That is Brisbane. That is where I was with brother Gary and his church. We had a total of six services in Brisbane. Brisbane. So on to uh the next stop. Go to the next slide. And then uh that is uh from Brisbane we traveled by air 2 hours and 30 minute flight to Melbourne and this is another city another place uh in Australia Australia. The next slide there you will see uh you know these are men of God there. Uh next to me is the pastor of the church in in Melbourne. Um brother is Ghanian by origin but uh he's more Australian than he is African. I mean he's been there for more than 30 years. And uh so really he's they're doing a a good work there. And I think their church is really the biggest in Australia. Australia. Right next to him is a brother Charles. He's um also originally from Zambia. There's a professor in one of the universities. He's a deacon in the church. Next is brother Keer. Now I've met good brothers, lovely brothers, but this brother is special. He has a special testimony. I mean, I got to know more about him because I was staying at their house. His wife is a Sunday school teacher Sunday school. I linked her up with one of the sisters here Sunday school and they're very lovely couple, very lovely. And I know brother Keer might might actually be following the service right now. uh you know he has I told him I would like you to come when your pastor is coming so you can share your testimony. I know it would be a blessing. He's a he's um a deacon there in the church. Next slide. Everywhere I went uh I noticed I found people that either knew of us or had met us. [Music] So when I arrived here, I was shocked to see that young man right there and next to me on the left, on the right, his name is Brotheras. This young man was with us in Ethiopia for about a year and a half and now they married and moved to Australia with so it was a wonderful reunion and this brother is um a lovely brother remember pastor Manda who minister to us he's very close with him and and so wonderful it was wonderful to meet people that know of us and people that uh somehow the bride is connected all over the world. Number 16 right there uh the some some of the brothers. I mean I can talk a lot about each of these brothers time of fellowship we spent but one thing to highlight in Melbourne I met somebody that was actually at my wedding in 2013. So when I was sharing the testimony, my testimony on a Friday service, I projected uh uh the my wedding picture. So this sister came up late and said, "But I when I saw you, you looked [Music] familiar, but when I saw the wedding picture, I knew I know you. Can you give me the next slide? That's a sister right there. And uh this is her husband. At the time she was living in the in Washington, I believe. But now she moved to Australia when she got married to this brother. So it was a wonderful reunion after how many years? 12 years. I was amazed. her father is um one I mean her husband's father is one of the ministers in the church there in Melbourne Melbourne. So next slide. So we had about three we had three services in Melbourne. Uh that family told me send greetings. So I said okay I'll put you on the screen. They are from originally from the Congo. In Australia there's a it's a really a mixed multitude because a lot of races because people most of them are immigrants. Australia. Most of the population there is immigrants from Europe, from Africa, Asia, from Asia. And that's brother Keer and his wife. And uh we really had they took good care of me. So when you're praying, remember brother Keer and his wife. Amen. and uh give me the next slide. Uh there's more I can talk about each picture but I don't want to take all the time. See I went from Melbourne I went back to Brisbane and then I flew from Brisbane. Now this is the east the east coast all the way to the west coast in path it's 5 hours 15 minutes I was amazed you know this is a large land mass you know Uganda can fit into the country of Australia 33 times Uganda Australia. Yeah. If you're going to be traveling by road, that's a journey of 4 to 7 hours. But there believers almost everywhere. Why am I saying these things? We're always saying there are people almost everywhere. I want you to see indeed. There are people everywhere that believe this end time message. Amen. People who stand for the Lord the way we do. So right here in um in uh Path is uh the church called Spoken Word Fellowship. Next spoken word Fellowship. Um the that's uh the pastor there is um uh a a wonderful brother that we spend a lot of time with. Give me the next slide. This is the founder of the work. Uh his name is brother brother Cloud Porter. Cloud. He started the church in the 1980s after he moved in this place and u he passed away I think a few years ago. Give me the next slide. Now the pastor of that place is this brother Michael from Zimbabwe originally Zimbabwe. This man moved to a he had been from Zimbabwe he went to work I think in some other country south and from there he went to Australia Australia in Path. Little did he know he was going to become the pastor of the church in part. So he he just fell into something he never prepared himself. But the Lord had prepared him for and he's been a pastor I think a few maybe a decade or so. Uh he's a really wonderful brother and u and wonderful spirited brother and uh we appreciated spending time with them wife and family. We stayed at their house. I mean he's still working very busy and uh but still having to find time for ministry family you know it's serving God is a sacrifice no matter where you are serving God is a sacrifice even here in Africa the sacrifices might be different in one way the other but it is a sacrifice and brother Michael I appreciated him and they are actually trying to purchase a a property of their own now and remember them in prayer. He's a brother that I really uh I mean like um I I I very much connected with in the in the future we will have him come. I'm sure he will be an immense blessing to us. Uh if you give me the next slide, now this is a testimony when we were going around with brother Michael. Um you know just moving around the park and you know he was showing me places. Uh we reached a certain place and we found this young man. He had a book in his hand but I felt as we were walking I felt let me ask him. So I said can I greet? He said yeah there you have to ask someone can I [Music] greet otherwise you are encroaching in a territory that is not yours. So I remember that I was encroaching in after contacting him. Anyway, here in Africa, everybody say, "Hey, from Africa, you can greet anybody. How are you?" Even when you have never seen them. So, well, he said, "Yeah, how are you?" Say, "I'm fine." What's your name? My name is Your name. Oh, is this a Bible? He said, "Yes." I said, "Ah, okay." Um, I said, "Are you a Christian?" He said, "Yes." I said, "I'd like to invite you to church." Sure, I would like to come. And so um long story short, he came to church that Sunday morning. I don't remember was it a Sunday morning or one of the services he actually came and I preached and I preached and preached and one of the things I was talking about was the godhead and then I talked about the serpent seat. So he said these words. He said, "Pastor, you are preaching. You had everything and it were it were like as if in the things you were the software you were downloading to me and I also had the same software in me and it kept on connecting and I kept on saying amen. And then he said and there is some other direction you take. And then I realized that software is not upgraded in my system. But you could clearly see it is an upgrade of the software I have. And he said pastor I want to meet you so I can talk more. I can upgrade my software. I'm sure he was talking about the serpent seed. Besides, you preach. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. I see. Not quite. But he's a wonderful brother, very well learned in the scriptures. And um I left him church age book and a few other student in one of the universities there. I believe we will hear of his baptism very soon. Amen. Amen. If the whole of my trip to Ethiopia was for him worth it. Amen. Can you give me the next slide? All right. So then um uh this is in Path. I said Melbourne. This is in Path. So in Path we had two services there. And the saints really sent greetings, very wonderful people, wonderful brothers and sisters there. And and um on we give me the next slide, we move to Singapore. Our stay in Australia was really a blessing. Then not only to them but also I believe to us. Uh and here is uh it was another 5 hours and 30 minutes flight going to to Singapore. Now when I arrived at Singapore, I realized I told the brothers later on we were discussing and they were telling me you know the the brothers that I was meeting they were in a bigger church. So they left it because the brothers original brothers there went into another teaching and the teaching was that they are already in the millennium. So I told the brothers and I told them uh I I don't blame those brothers for teaching that you are in the millennium because for sure Singapore looks like the millennium. It looks like everything is in the future. The place is so futuristic. If you look at the airport, I think it's number one in the world. All of the country island Singapore uh is filled in with high-rise buildings trained connected the whole city is connected. Actually most of the people there don't drive and then they go to where they are going and um so they told me well here what the people do is they eat and shop. That's the only tourist attraction that is there because I mean it's so small, so beautiful and and and so isolated on the island and and but you see the people there are very lovely and uh so but I told them uh because the people are are so comfortable. I told them those who think they in the millennium. Give me one of them. Let me take them to Uganda. They will change their doctrine. Amen. Amen. Give me the next slide, brother. And so this is the pastor there, brother Dave. Sister Sher, his wife. These are wonderful, wonderful people. Uh um I mean you could not even feel that you're visiting. You you would feel that you're like one of them. They look young. How how old do you think they are? 40 years. I told her sister, you look 45. They're all in their 70s. So I said, "No wonder you people think you're in the millennium because you don't even grow old." But anyway, the brother Dave and his wife and the believers that I was with don't believe that kind of doctrine. Very wonderful people and they believe what we believe and the right and uh give me the next slide. We spent much of this much of the time we spend doing this not eating necessarily as much as we ate. But we spent it sharing the word around the food. Every one of them would ask a question and we would get into the word and enjoy the word and there is a time as I was sharing I realized I was shouting. I'm sorry, brother, because when I get anointed, I shout. But you are the ones because I mean, we enjoyed the word until we forgot we were in a restaurant like wonderful, wonderful people. And right there, the next slide. Uh this is brother Joel Chong. That is a son of brother uh Dave Dave. I specifically want you to pray for him. I believe God has something for him in that country in if the Lord carries that is his family and um I just want you to pray for him. Um if you give me the next slide uh that is me right there ministering in the church and that is um a little bit of the saints. We we went out after the church. We were at the airport there. I mean the airport is like we went there to for meals and you know for looking around and it was a wonderful time after the Sunday service. Amen. And the saints there in Singapore send their [Applause] greetings. They they they are lovely people. Can you give me the next slide from Singapore? We had to fly to Uganda. Uganda through uh through Qatar and I was happy I was coming back home and I want to say this friends I've been in so many countries around the world when you go there only good because of the believers. Some places I was in Australia were hot, others were very cold. But in Uganda, Uganda, Singapore was very hot. But in Uganda, Uganda, you have the best weather in the world. I would want to be in those countries where I went because of the believers, their warmth and their their reception and everything and but I would like to say you should appreciate your country. We should appreciate your country because Uganda is a beautiful country and whoever is listening to this and has never been in Uganda. If you doubt me, come and see. Uganda. Amen. But we really appreciate the time we spent with the believers in those parts of the world and um you know uh by the time I was going to come I was already homesick. If you give me this quote very tired after ministering all those days says and I know I I I coped this from your status brother Julius. Any Christian will think of others before himself. Every Christian tries to put God first. his relationship with God, his family second and he is number three and I've tried to pra to I have tried to make that a practice in my own life. So what is second? What is second? God first I've been serving for about 5 weeks. Then number two should be I needed to say this is for the younger couples also for the congregation. Give me the next slide. So we had when I came back I was very silent. I did not tell anybody. Those who knew I told them please you are on oath you should not say anything to anyone. So I came back on Monday night. I whisked away the family and I gave them some time and you know you know you know uh for them to enjoy also my time before we be begin to become busy running up and down and I think we had a good time like Victoria River night the source of the night and and a few other you know activities here and there and you can see the children were really very happy. And I also think my wife was happy. [Music] Uh so I uh you can put that off. I just want to say uh I appreciate brother Gary who invited us in Australia Australia and arranged this trip for us. Brother Gary is one man that uh is really a very humble man and he loves this message with all his heart without ulterior motives. You know you want to work with someone like that. When your connection is not about money, power or anything but the gospel, the message, the people, those are the people you want to associate with. Amen. And uh brother Gary sent his greetings uh this morning. Brother uh Kea sent his greetings also and and few others that are that new knew that I I'm back home. They all sent us to the family to the family of God here in Uganda. We are so thankful has been faithful to me. I I want to also give my thanks to those who have been taking care of my family in my house. I I learned that there are some who took some sugar. My wife was saying I told me dear do you know what I was just wondering where are we going to get money for sugar? And then someone bought sugar. God is a provider. I don't even know who the person is. I don't remember. But I really appreciate you. And there I think about a few sisters who visited. May May the Lord bless each and everyone. Shall we now stand and go to the word or should they just go home? Amen. Amen. And I really I'm so thankful to the Lord for what he's doing and what he has done. This trip was a blessing to us in many ways. You certainly want your pastor to have a lot of experience. Traveling like this has a lot of reasons, a lot of purposes. The main one to me, it helps you to get exposure to know how to deal with things, see how others are doing it, you know, you learn a lot by observing, looking and and then you carry those things back home. So all our experience that we we garnered from that trip, it will certainly be imported down here for the blessing of the bride. Amen. Matthew chapter 16. I have a lot to speak about. So I'll just go straight away to the word. I don't know why you have a problem because I hear that your sound is okay. uh Matthew 16:13 um 1613 and we are going to read up to verses [Music] 18 there are a few believers who gave me a lot of candies here and there so I said I'll carry them and distribute to the children at church. So please don't if you have a child don't make the child go away without sometimes. Amen. Amen. Shall we pray? Lord Jesus, we want to thank you Lord for the uh opportunity you have given us to go and minister to the saints in other parts of the world. that we should go and preach the gospel to all the world and we have done just that. Now Lord, we are back at our post of duty and I ask you to give me utterance. Help me Lord that I will say something this morning that will bless your people. Grant me utterance, Lord. And everyone that has come here thirsty, hungering after righteousness, may you fill them, Lord. We ask this blessing in Jesus. Amen. Amen. When Jesus came into the course of Caseria Philippi, he asked his disciples saying, "Whom do men say that I, the son of man, am? [Music] and they said some say that thou art John the Baptist some Elias others Jeremiah's or one of the prophets he said unto them but whom say he that I am. And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon by Jonah, for flesh and blood has not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. And I say also unto thee, that thou at Peter, and upon this rock, upon this rock I will build my church, and the gate of hell shall not prevail against thee. [Music] So I got this inspiration that I'm going to speak on when I was in uh Brisbane Brisbane and I titled it our true origin. I noticed you can preach the same subject everywhere but it depends on the people how it comes out. I mean the needs of the people, it is them that pull out what what the minister is saying. I'm happy to see uh Sister Baka back there. God bless you and I want to say I appreciate each and every one of you. Uh my my my my brother here was uh sick, brother Neville. Uh but I'm glad to see you this morning. And uh God bless each and every one of you. Are we Can we now tune our minds to the word? How many are going to be 100%. Amen. As you know, I'm not a very long preacher, but I can be long if you are long. because you have a way of pulling sometimes and then you notice that you have gone longer. Praise the name of the Lord. If you want, God will fill you. If you desire, God will provide you. So can we place now our minds back here that God will speak to us. How many desire for the Lord to speak to us? Amen. So just um uh believe pray for me. I realize I'm feeling I'm still tired. I thought I'm back up but I'm still [Music] tired. But the Lord is good. our true origin. Now, the church is built upon the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. I'm the church. You are the church and you are built upon the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. And I warn you, there are many brothers who have been preaching here on the pullpit. We can never compare gifts. We appreciate every gift and every gift is different and every gift is useful and God has used each and every one of them and we appreciate each and every one of them but none of them can take each other's place and I realize that I cannot preach like them. They cannot preach like me. So uh if um you are desiring the Lord to speak to you this morning, just receive it as according to how the Lord has given it to me. Amen. So we need revelation more than anything else in the world. Revelation more than anything else in the world. The reason why you are the way you are still not overcoming certain things in your life is because you lack revelation. A person, a man who has revelation of who they are. They live an overcoming life. So you see that's why the church is built upon the revelation of who Jesus Christ is. And later we shall find out that if you know if you have the revelation of who Jesus Christ is, you will have a revelation of who you are. Without the revelation of who Christ [Applause] is, we cannot know who we are. If we do not know who we are, we cannot overcome the world. Jesus overcame the world. How did he overcome the world? Do you realize that Jesus was a man like you and me? How many understand that Jesus was a human being? He was a man with flesh with blood. He was just like you. But how come he overcame? Do you know he had a will? He had a choice to make. And in his will He never wanted to die. He went and prayed. He said, "Oh God, let this cup pass from me." But he realized God had another will. He said, "Okay, not according to my will, but according to your will." Now, when you have a revelation of who you are, you walk in the will of [Applause] God. Even when you don't feel it, even when you don't see it, but you walk in it by faith. Jesus overcame the world because he knew who he was. Period. That is the victory that overcomes all. Amen. To know who you are now friends. Jesus. Yes. Follow me. Follow me. Follow me. I don't want anyone sleeping. We are on serious business this morning. Here is Jesus gathering his disciples. And he he be began asking them, "Who do you say? Who do people say that I am? Who do people say that I, the son of man, [Music] am?" Praise the name of the Lord. Do you realize Jesus has three sunship in that ministry of a son in that dispensation as a son? He's a son three times and I want us to understand scripture tonight. If you can give me that second slide, that other slide. Yes. Thank you, brother. Oh, you're very good today. God bless you. Let us clap for brother Marvin. All right. So, we see here the three comingings of Jesus Christ. We see he comes first as a son of man. Everybody say son of man. Now, as a son of man, he is a human being. He's a prophet. He's a man but with a prophetic ministry. So that's why he asked the disciples, who do the people say that I the son of man am? Who do people say that I the prophet am? And the people say and the and the disciples say oh they know you are a prophet. They call they are saying either you are Jeremiah or you are Elijah or you are you know one of the prophets one of the prophets. Some even think you are John the Baptist because as a son of man as a son of man he was a prophet like the other prophet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You had to have extra revelation. See Jesus beyond the ministry he was in on earth at the time. Everybody saw him as a man. Everybody saw him as a prophet. Until today we have a full religion sees him only as a prophet and it is called Islam. And they are right. He was a prophet. But I want to tell you friends, he was more than a prophet. That's why when he asked the disciples, who do they say? And then the disciples say they say you are Jeremiah the Baptist or one of the prophets. But then Jesus changed the question and he said, "What about you? What about you? You the one that I've called. You the one that I've chosen. Who do you say that I the son of man? And then they open. Everybody was gazing and looking. But one of them had received something which was not from a school, something which was not from a church but came directly from God. It is called revelation. And when revelation struck him, he saw Jesus more than he was looking at the time. It is something I'm getting into this morning. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday. Everybody say yesterday and today and forever. Okay, let us come now. G this Jesus who is here at the time. The disciples said Peter by revelation said you are Jesus Christ the son of man. No he never said that. But he said, "You, the way I see you, you are Jesus Christ, son of the living God." Peter, listen, listen. You are about to get it. Peter saw Jesus as a son of God. That is a higher ministry. Son of God is a Holy Ghost ministry. God is a spirit. Son of God is God. Oh, son of pig is a pig. Son of God is a God. Son of of of sheep is sheep. Son of God is. So by saying you are a son of God, he meant Peter had received a revelation. The Jehovah of the Lord of heaven and earth had put on flesh and was standing right before him because son of God the Holy Ghost dispensation the same Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. And we know him is coming back again as son of David. Amen. as the judge now is coming as a king to reign. Amen. With his right with a rod of iron. Praise the name of the Lord. That's the kingship ministry. So Peter by revelation saw Jesus not only as a son of God. He saw him as a son of God. He saw him saw himself. He saw him as God filled in flesh. Hey, I want you to get it. He saw him as God flesh. He saw him as deity. He saw beyond the skin. He saw beyond the badger skin. Oh my my my. Amen. He saw beyond what they saw. They the Pharisees and the ones who had no revelation. He saw a man prophet like but you saw you know Peter Peter saw something else. By revelation you saw more than one. Amen. You saw that this one was not just a prophet on earth. He's not just a man, but he's more than a man. He's more than a prophet. God himself veiled in human life. Amen. And the church of Jesus Christ will see the same thing today. Jesus is the same yesterday and this thing is coming down to you. When you see me, what do you see? Hallelujah. Amen. Someone just go. When you see me, what do you see? Because Jesus Christ is the same as yesterday. Today. Today. Where is he today? Where is it today? It's right here. He's asking you a question. Where what do people say that I speaking in first person pronoun? Who do people say the son of God? Some say others say you a pastor. Others say you are a son of ro. Others say but what do you say I am? Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. But what do you say I am? Well others say you a sinner. Others say you did this. Others say you have this. Say you are a liar as your father. Would you say liar? Amen. If you have revelation say what others are saying, you will see I am a son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Amen. The Bible says, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God. It does not yet appear that we shall be shall be like." Amen. Amen. Who are we? We are the sons of God. You should see beyond yourself. You should see beyond your skin. Amen. You are not what they say you are. You are not what the word says. Not what your situation says. You are not what your body says. You are more than what your body say. You are more than what your eyes see. You are more than what everybody else. You are a son of God. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. You may think I've gone crazy. That's what they thought about Jesus. He thought he was crazy. They wanted to kill him, but he knew who he was. Hallelujah. He stood in one place and he never [Applause] [Music] wavered. Matthew 4:1. Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness. Jesus was led up of the spirit into the wilderness. Read the Bible in the present day. Don't read it as a book of history. Then was led up into the earth. Can you put your name right there? Hallelujah. Then you were led into the earth. Was Jesus led up into the wild? For what purpose? Why are you here? To be tempted of the devil. And when I want to tell you, temptation is not sin. Everyone that comes to God will be tempted. You know the Bible say everyone is tempted according to their lust. You see because why we have this body why we came here in this body to be tempted tempted and tried we are made of to wonder why there are many about us about us feeling so wicked they in the wrong things seem to be fine for them but for me I am here to be tempted I am not going to be happy with sin. I I am here to be tempted. After being tempted, I must overcome. I must overcome. The only thing that is going to make me overcome is realizing [Music] who. So in other words, the devil wanted Jesus to obey him. But you know God cannot obey the devil. Amen. But how did Jesus overcome the cannot overcome the devil? By shaking shaking doing miracles. Miracle cannot prove who he is. No. Because the devil wanted Jesus to do a miracle turn these stones into bread. Oh, thank God for this message because we've been told the devil can impersonate everything. The devil can do all the signs and wonders. That's why we are not Pentecostal by denomination because they look and seek for sign. But right here at this place, Jesus proved who he was without saying. But he answered, "It is written, man shall not live by bread. Hallelujah. [Music] Jesus knew who he was, but when he's talking to the devil, he calls himself a man. He didn't say son of God shall not live by bread alone but man shall not live by bread alone because the miracle wanted the son of God did not need it but man. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. We have another ministry. We have gone beyond the ministry of miracles. We fly in the ministry of the world, the revelation of Jesus Christ, the revealing of him. You know when he's revealed signs and wonders automatically follow him every but by every word a man that knows who he truly is. He's going to live by the word. By the word. By the word. By the word. Not by anything else. Amen. But Jesus knew who he was. The devil doubted change Jesus's understanding of who he was. All right. Amen. The devil doubts who you are. You see where I told you if you know who he is, you will know who you are. Oh, somebody preach with me this morning. The devil doubts who you are. Look at her. Look at her. She's going to fail. She's going to fall. He thinks, let me tell you, the devil will speak whatever he wants to. He will speak and prophesy and he speak the child of God that knows what they are. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. That's why Jesus said when when Peter said, "I know who you are. You are Jesus Christ of the living God." Jesus must have Jack and he said flesh and blood has not revealed it but my father in other words but the spirit flesh and blood has not revealed this to me but the spirit has revealed it to my father where in heaven where is heavenuru The Bible says heaven is not coming with observation of eyes. Heaven is right in your heart. Hallelujah. Peter, my father in heaven. My father right before you right out of you because the son of God has a revelation which comes from God rise out of their soul. The throne of God is in your heart. No one teaches a an eagle to fly. It is in it. No one teaches a snake to bite and to it is in it. No one teaches a child to cry for no one taught you from the moment you were born. Amen. You may not have known that is this one is breast milk, but you desired it. You wanted it because the deep was calling from the deep. Something that was in you had a revelation. There is somewhere for me. You are hearing them. And then when they [Music] put what's happening, they have found what they desired. No one teaches a child of God who they are. Hallelujah. You can't get it from a seminary. You can't get it from the church. You receive it by revelation. Amen. Revelation from God in you. There is a river of life. It flows out of where? Out of me. his gates and prisons. There is a river of life. God is the river of life. Flesh and blood revealed this. But my father in heaven upon this rock I will build my church of hell. Amen. Jesus built his church upon the revelation of who he was or rather let me say of who he is. And even today the church of Jesus Christ is built upon that. Amen. Children of God when they hear the word. Amen. When they hear the word they receive the revelation. Even now some of you are s just comes to you and I'll say it. It just comes to you by hearing the word. That's why he says go to all the all the world preach when the children of God when the sons of God hear the word recognize who they are. Hallelujah. Hey, I'm not poor. I'm not a sinner. I'm not what people said I am. I am not a thief. I am not an I am not. Soon when you realize who you are, you go back to your friends, you tell them I am sorry. I had forgotten who I was. But now I know I cannot be a part to this. I cannot go out and smoke with you. I cannot be defeated by when everybody's dressing the skimpy skirt. Oh, you would tell them I'm sorry, I can't have this anymore. But if someone has not received this re, let me tell you, brother, preacher men who are here, you can get this Bible. You bang their head and you tell them stop dressing. They will never stop. If they will help you, they will stop it in your presence. But when you are gone, they will show their true color. proof. That's why this is the most important thing that should be preached to the church. Hallelujah. The work of the ministry. Hallelujah. Is to remind you who you are. Don't worry. Some of you are taking too long to remember. But I tell you, keep coming to the word. Keep coming to the church. Keep hearing the word. One of these days you will remember. Hallelujah. But Jesus knew who he was. Amen. And the Bible says in 1 John 3:2 now. Hallelujah. Give me this verse. Now we are the sons of God. Did you get it? Brother Marvin, I'll come and shake you up. Listen. When did he say we are the sons of God? After the rapture. Now, come on, tell your neighbor now. Tell another neighbor now. Now, we are the sons of God. Oh, we are the sons of God. Okay, let's do something here. Amen. Tell yourself two times now. I'm the son of God. Now I'm the son of God. Did you believe it? Okay. Did you receive the revelation? You have not quite yet because if you have some of you have been jumping and shouting you are saying it but your mind is telling you you are I didn't come from there. I am not I am not a city. I am not a wake up. I am not au. Hello. [Music] Hello. I am not any of those. I have found out who I am. I am a son of God. Sons of God are gods. God can never be defeated. That's why Jesus said, "Those who receive this revelation, the gates of hell shall not prepare against them." Amen. Yes. Son will fight. You bring sickness. You bring many things. It cannot defeat the son of God. It cannot defeat the child of God who knows who they are. You tell yourself every day you wake up, I am not blind. I am not sick. I am not poor. I am not suffering. I am not sorry. I'm not feeling bad. I am an overcomer. Why? Because you know, you have received a revelation who you are. Amen. Amen. Amen. And the Bible says it does not yet appear what we shall be. Hallelujah. It doesn't appear yet because we are still wearing the robe of flesh. But tell the devil, don't be deceived by what you're seeing. I am not what you're seeing. I am beyond what you're seeing. And then he says, but we know revelation. But we have when he shall we, we we I shall be like him. For we shall see him as he is. You have to learn by revelation to put the devil. Enough of being a victim. The church is coming to a place. Amen. The bride is arriving at a place where she's realizing we are not a victim to them that will overcome. They shall sit with me in my throne. Hallelujah. You see, when you receive this revelation, you cannot live below privilege. You cannot eat with the pigs anymore. You would tell yourself, "How can I eat with the pigs anymore? I know who I am. I rather be a servant in my father's house, but I cannot eat with a pig anymore." Brother, sister, stop serving sin. walk away. How can I overcome? How you can the power to overcome is not coming from heaven. The power to overcome is right in you comes by the spoken word. What you are hearing right now is putting strength in your in your soul. Amen. to overcome the world, to overcome sin, to overcome what the devil thinks he has done in your life. It is a revelation. That's why even in the dark ages, some believers died suffering. They died by reaping their stomachs. But what made them do that? They had a revelation. They had a revelation that went beyond the flesh and saw what nobody saw. Why would Steven willingly allow people to stone him to death? He had a revelation and then he says he's right here on earth. But then he says, "I see the son of man." Amen. Standing up. I see the son of God standing up. Let me tell you, friend. Peter, Paul, Steven, and all these ones had revelation. They had a revelation of who they were and where they were going. They lived in another world. They do not live in this world. Oh, may God raise a generation of people, younger men, younger women who are going to have a revelation beyond this flesh, beyond this flesh. Don't allow your flesh to control you. Don't allow. It will try. But if you know who you are, it cannot prevail. It cannot prevail. The boy was in sin. And when the revelation struck him, he came to himself. He came to himself. That is revelation. He said, "I'll go to my father." And the father can never receive you as a servant. He can never leave you take a servant's place. No matter how much sin you have done in your life in this life, it does not count. The moment this revelation strikes your heart. When this revelation strikes your heart, all the past becomes [Music] wiped. Someone can hear these words and they will go back and see. Why? Because they have not received. But when you receive the revelation, you just come running. This deacon brother that I was speaking about. He was into a lot of things including drugs, many things and he was in prison and chained by it and for years. But one day he found he found a revelation of who he was. And the moment it struck him, let me tell you, it changed him so much that unless if he tells you his history, you cannot know it. When this revelation strikes you, it changes you. There is a power in knowing. And now he's a loving man, a family man, serving God. That's what I'm talking about. You might be here and you're a young man and you know you are bound by chains of darkness. Let me tell you, it doesn't matter how many times you come to church, you must pray for anything. Pray that God gives you revelation. If God gives you the revelation, you will stop seeing things the way you are seeing them now. Amen. Jesus know it by faith in the revelation of God's word in his own predestinated life. He is a predestinated life. in his oh my good Lord those whom he forneew he also predestinated to be conformed unto the image of his son. So what does it mean? It begins with fornowledge. How were you fornown? You were fornown in him before the foundation of the world. Oh, am I preaching to someone? You were in him before sin was, before temptation was, before the flesh was, before blood was. In him, you were perfect. In him, you were sinless. him. You are for no as perfect as he was. Hallelujah. And after you were fornown, you were predestinated. Hallelujah. predestinated unto confirmation to become into the image of a son. This image is a perfect image which Jesus was in. Hallelujah. Yes sir. That's revelation striking the sister. That's what happens. Listen, this image is the same image which was there before the fall. Before the fall. Before the fall. When Adam was perfect and the Bible says we were predestinated to be conformed to the image of sons now says Jesus knew it by faith in the revelation of God's word in his own predestinated life. I knew it by faith in my predestinated life. That is this life which came from my mother. But this is not my real life. This keeps fighting me. This keeps dragging me to hell. But there is another life that I had before I came here. In this life, I grown. I become sick. I become troubled. I have many issues. But in the other life, I am perfect, sinless. Because that is my true origin. Hallelujah. I came from God. go back to God. Amen. Yes sir. Jesus when he was on earth he was a man he cried he became tired he became sick maybe I don't know he he cried when Lazarus died his friend he had feelings he feared death but as God in the other in the other life in the other origin stood up and he said, "I came from God. I go back to God." Amen. And when things came, Amen. He said, "Lazarus, come out." Why? He had authority. He was an an adopted son. When things happened, he had authority. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sons have authority. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Sons of kingdom authority. Amen. Sons of God. You have kingdom authority. You have kingdom authority. Amen. To control the way events happen in your life. [Applause] right here. Right now, we have that authority. It does not appear what we shall be. But tell somebody, wait and see. Hallelujah. If you think we're just making some noise, just wait and see. Every son that comes to God, when they realize who they are, then the habits begin to fall away, the the wrong appetites begin to fly away and something in their heart begins to convince them. You are not made to eat with the pigs. You were not made to go out in this kind of parties. And the spirit of God begin to talk to them. You don't belong here. You don't belong here. You don't belong here. You begin to cool over them. And then revelation will build up in them. And then when they come to themselves, something will happen, something they can't explain, something they know. It it is all in knowing. And when they receive a revelation, this is who I am. They will turn their back on sin. Hallelujah. Jesus. Satan was wondering who Jesus was. But Jesus knew who he was and he knew he was a predestinated creature of God that God himself was manifested in him. Amen. Would you believe me, sister? If I tell you God himself is manifested in you, that's too heavy for the devil to take it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, I've spoken for 1 hour. Give me a few more minutes. He know that he was a secret that God himself was it wasn't him doing the work. You don't have to struggle. Let me do this so that God will accept you. Stop doing, stop trying, just receive the revelation. God will do the works. Hallelujah. Amen. Himself will do the works. way. I I received a testimony from a sister who said, "It came to a point where even when I came close to this man that I used to so love that their perfumes would drive me crazy and now when I come close to him, I just feel like for something in me can take a revelation. When he stretch your heart, it changes you and you become pregnant with the word and then you begin acting up. He knew the word Jesus did and Satan did also. You could even quote the scripture. Oh, just like a walking Bible. You could quote it like that. But Jesus just stood still for he knew where he was standing. He know he was the predestinated lamb that was before the foundation. He know he was that person. Listen to me church. Jesus knew he was the lamb of God that was slain before the foundation of the world. What about you? I know I am a child of God that the lamb was slain for [Music] before the foundation of the world. I was in him before the foundation. He know he was predestinated for that. I know I am predestinated to overcome And that's the way he knew the word. And it worked. Satan knew it by wisdom and it failed. Know the word by revelation. It will not fail. It will work. And like Job, if you're suffering in this life, you can say, even though the skin My skin is destroyed by once. I know I will see him. You see, you say it by revelation. You look beyond what you see. Look beyond what you see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let me try to finish up with this. I want you to go to John 8 vers 37. I want us to see how the Jews fail to understand Jesus's [Music] origin. They failed to understand it. Vers 37, brother, put it absolutely. I know that ye are Abraham's seed, but ye seek to kill me because my word has no place in you. I interpret this directly. I speak that which I have seen with my father and ye do not do that which is and ye do that which is which ye have seen with your father. Now now Jesus is speaking to the Pharisees. Pharisees are the people who had believed in the word according to the to the revelation of their day by wisdom. But also they were natural. They were the seed of Abraham according to the natural birth. So they answered and said to Jesus, Abraham is our father. Jesus said unto them, "If ye were Abraham's children, ye would have done the works of Abraham, but now ye seek to kill me, a man that has told you the truth, which I have heard of God." Abraham didn't do this. Now, now listen friend, here is Jesus who according to these people, they do not fully understand the origin of this man. They think he was born out of wedlock. They think he was born out of confusion. Not too sure. But according to them, they knew they were coming from the lineage of Abraham. Friends, listen to me. Your natural lineage does not speak so much about you, but your spiritual lineage does. Hallelujah. We have a spiritual lineage. That is our true origin. Jesus is telling these people, you are not coming out of the lineage of Abraham as he claimed. But yet naturally they were coming from the lineage of [Music] Abraham. But he told them, you don't that's not your true. So in this discourse, we are going to see the Jews versus Jesus fighting for their true origin. Each claim, the other one is illegitimate. But who was right? Follow me. And they answered and said unto him, Abraham is our father. Jesus said unto them, "If ye were Abraham's children, ye would do the works of [Music] Abraham, but now you seek to kill me. A man that has told you the truth, which Abraham did not do this, you do the works of your father." Then they said to Jesus, the Jews now turn to Jesus and they tell him, "Hey, hey man, listen to us. We are not born out of fornication. Our father and mother married properly and we can trace ourselves back all the way to Abraham. Children of nowadays what are you talking about? Do you can you even present your lineage properly? We are telling you we are not born out of fornication. We have one father even God. Now they have claimed God as their father. They have no idea that God is standing right before them. Oh may God always open your eyes to see God. Look around you right now. There he is. Hallelujah. There he is. God is in your brother. God is in your sister. Don't be like the Pharisees. Open your eyes and see. Jesus Christ is the same today as he was then. Oh, may God open our eyes. And Jesus said unto them, "If God was your father, okay, you would love me. For I proceeded forth and I came out from God. Have you heard that? I came out of from God. Neither came I of myself, but he sent me. Who is talking? The son is talking. But where is the father? The father is in the son. The father and the son are one. Where is god? God is in you and you and him are one. Hallelujah. Why do you not understand my speech? Even because you cannot hear my word. That's how we can know even today the true seed of God. Don't be deceived. The true seed of God will believe the word. The one who is not will not. And when they don't receive the word, don't follow them because they are serpent seed. The seed of God will believe the word. You just follow me here. Just follow me here. You will see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why do you not understand my speech? Even because you cannot hear my word. Uhhuh. Then now he opens the nuclear weapon and he shows them who they truly are. Do you want to see it? Ye are of your father the devil. People who came from the natural lineage of Abra Jesus just said their father is the devil. How come? Why is their origin now debated? It doesn't matter who your father naturally is. If you reject the word, you have shown your true color, whatever the word says, if you are a son of God, you will say, "Amen. Lord, help me to leave this world. But if you reject it, if you debate it, if you fast and walk away, you have just shown your true color. But right here, Jesus told them, what their true origin was and many of us know where to start from the garden. And the last of your father will do. He was a murderer from the beginning and he did not abide in the truth because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he speaketh of his own, for he is a liar and the father of it, but because I tell you the truth, you believe me not. Which of you convinces me of sin? And if I say the truth, why do you not believe me? He that is of God hearth God is what? He therefore hear them not because you are not of God. When Jesus said his word, he said, they swallowed. They swelled up swelled up like frogs and they began speaking and they said, "Say we not well that thou art a Samaritan?" If we say we are a Samaritan, are we not saying that? If we say that you are a Samaritan, They now calling Jesus a Samaritan. Read the Bible. You understand what this means. Samaritans were not an original race. It was mixed between the Jews and the Gentiles. And these people formed the Samaritans and the Samaritans were nonp Jews. Now they are calling Jesus a Samaritan. Because he has told them what they don't want to. The word will call you a Samaritan. The word will call you a car. The word will call you an audible. because they don't want to hear the truth you're telling them. Let them call us all they want. We know who we are. We are here. We stand. We stand on the word. We stand on baptism in Jesus name. We stand on one God. We stand on the rapture. We believe all these things. We believe in Malachi 4. God has sent a prophet in our generation. The seals are open. Let me tell you brother and sister they don't believe it but we believe it. They call us Samaritans. They call us false liars mixed. That doesn't change who we are. We are the sons of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are the sons of God. Come on young men. You need to be happy with that. We are the sons of Jonah. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. And then they continued and the way we are seeing you Jesus of Nazareth, you have a devil. The world will think you have a devil. You are possessed because you have simply asserted your true origin. And the world doesn't like you showing them their origin. If you preach like this, they will say you a judgment preacher. Don't judge us. Who are you to say I should not wear a pants? Pastor and so wears it. Even me I should wear them. Who are you to say not that wear skimpy dress? It doesn't matter what I wear. Leave me alone. Don't judge me. You a false preacher. You are in a car. You are deceived. That's what they told Jesus when he told them the truth. Brother, sister, open your eyes. And I want you to understand that. But even today, they will call you all sorts of things for standing with the word. Believers believe in abstaining until marriage. Do I have believers in div? Do I have younger people who who believe that abstaining until marriage and believers say amen? But the others, the true Samaritans who are calling you a Samaritan, they will say you are making yourself righteous. You think you're the only holy one. You think you're better than everybody else. Come on. I don't think I know I am because I know who I am. I'm not struggling to run away from such acts. I'm not struggling and I'm not struggling because I found a revelation. There is another nature. Amen. I'm drawing on it every day. And brother, sister, if you are here and you are struggling, don't pretend. Come on the altar. You don't have to do it right now. Do it every day until you get what I'm talking about. Because there is true experience. There is a true Holy Ghost. There's a true new birth. And when you receive it, it's a revelation of who you are. He will change you. He will change you. It's a power that changes. If you're too lazy to seek him, my friend, I can tell you for sure, you will not be too lazy. When that rapture happens, to be under persecution, when the judgments of God begin striking this world, you will not be too late then. You'll be up and about running seeing where you can get solace. All solace will be gone. Now you need to be sure of who you are. Yes, your name can be on a book and your name can be scrapped off. It is scary. That is a scary part. The name of Judas was on them. He came back and and Judas was with them. And Jesus told them, "Rejoice because your names are on the book. Not because you cast out demons, but because your names are on the book." But Judas's name was removed, became a son of pition because he rejected the word. Now friends, I know there is a section of those whose names are on the lamb's book of life that cannot be removed. I don't want to be overly confident and after all my name is on the lamb's section can't be removed. Let me do whatever I'm doing. Actually, you can't do whatever you're doing. If your name is on that section, I can assure you are not you are not wallowing in sin. Now, after hearing the word. But if you are in sin, your name may be on on the book, maybe not on that section and it can be removed. But I don't know where your name is. I'm preaching to a mixed group. All I can say make your calling and election [Music] [Applause] sure. Hallelujah. Versus 51. I want to try and finish now. Then say the Jews unto him. Now for saying these things you have said. You know Jesus, what did he say? He said I am I don't have a devil. I honor my father, but you dishonor me. Verily, I say unto you, if a man keep my saying, he shall never see death because the words of a son who is adopted is like unto the father's word. Amen. So then we see when the Jews heard that they said to him, okay, now we know, we are not doubting anymore. We know you have a devil, Abraham is dead and the prophets and thou sayest, if a man keep my They started mocking Jesus and you are saying if a man keep now we know you have a devil art thou greater than our father Abraham which is dead and the prophets which are dead whom thou makest thyself [Music] the world will ask You you are you better than everybody else? Are you better than all these pastors, all these big church, mega churches? Are you better than them? Whom do you call yourself? They asked the same question to Jesus. But how did he answer? The way he answered is the way I will answer. Let me see how he answered. Whom thou callst thyself? Jesus answered, "If I honor myself, if I honor myself, my honor is nothing. So I will tell them, if I honor myself, my honor is nothing as a man." Hallelujah. But there is another one that did not come from my mother and father. It is my father that honorth me of whom he say that he is your God. In other words, Jesus was telling them I don't honor myself as a human being but I do as a son of God. Hallelujah. Yet ye have not known him. You don't know my father. You don't know my father. Oh, hallelujah. If someone doubts your religion, tell them you don't know my father. You don't know what I believe because you don't know my father, but I know him. I know my father. Does anyone here know your father? Come on, shout it. I know my father. Do it again. Do it to God. [Music] I know my father. I know my father. And I can also say I know my father. I know my father. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. I know my father. And I keep saying hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I shall be a liar. If I told you, I don't know him. And then he said to them, "Your father whom you say is your father Abraham, you want me to tell you more about all right give me your ears you now natural father Abraham rejoiced to see my day and he saw it and was glad. My day. My day. This boy is not even 50 years old. The Jews were what? My day. Then said the Jews unto him, you are not even 50 years old and you have seen Abraham. He did not say you saw Abraham. He said Abraham saw his. The problem is people always misinterpret the word. Even now I can say I'm rejoice to see my day. My day he that is in me is greater than he that is in the world. Hallelujah. Oh my. We should get it. Jesus said unto them, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, before Abraham was, I [Music] Where are the stones? Let us kill it. Let us bring this man. Can you imagine the man? He's blaspheming. They think the world thought he was worthy of death. But the world did not understand that he was speaking of his true image, his true origin. He was more than a man. Even today, the world can't understand who you are. Hallelujah. They don't understand who you are because they don't know your true name. They think But let me tell you, your true origin like Jesus is from above. Amen. You have no beginning. You have no end. Amen. You came from God. You go back to God. The true you is eternal. Amen. That's why the Bible says we are pass from death and life. Amen. There's only one source of life that is God's own life. Amen. Where we are now, we can no longer die. We have found where we came from. And that's who we are. And that's where we are. We are basking in the presence of the true God. By this message of the hour, the way to the tree of life, has been cleared. When the seals were opened, the way has been granted and he said Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life, but not the Jesus of the denomination. The word, you remember who is Jesus? The word is the way, the truth, and the life. And we have arrived. We are right here. We are eating the body of the son of Christ. We are born again, not of the incor of of the corruptible seed. But the seed which is incorrupt. And what has it done? He said it. It the open book. What happens? Prophesy again. What happens? Something happens all of a sudden. And you cannot speak your words anymore. You speak the words of God. And you are able to tell them, "My words is life." By the way, when you go out witnessing and they reject this word, they don't reject you. They've rejected God. Any son of God that is speaking under inspiration. Never ever ever blaspheme by turning it down. And then you begin abusing your spirit. man come up, preach the word, take it as God's word because there's only one thing that can never be forgiven. Blasphemy of the Holy Ghost. And where is he? He's in me. He's in you. He's in you. Every one of you who is born again. And when he speaks, when you speak, he speaks. The bride is him. We are the representation of Christ today. That's our true origin. That's just four pages out of 10. Let us stand our [Applause] feet. Musicians can please come. Friends, I'd like us to read more of the message. Young people who have smartphones, download uh message applications on the word. Feed on the message. Feed on the message. I encourage you to do that because you see, brother, if you feed on the message, you will know who you are. I'm happy to see Sister John, you will know who you are and you'll be able to overcome the world. Hallelujah. May God help us that we might be able to stand with this message with this word we have received in our day that we might be able to overcome every day in our life. Oh to Jesus I surrender. Oh to my free brother Iranians come and help. [Music] I will live a life and trusting in his presence daily. Sing it now. I surrender now. Oh, I surrenedior. [Music] [Music] Oh to Jesus I surrenderly I feel my pleasure. Forsake me. Take me. Jesus. Take me. I surrender. I surrender. I surrender. Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh to Jesus I surrender. Would someone surrender [Music] today? Let me feel. Make me feel. I [Music] surrender. I surrender. Yeah. [Music] Oh to Jesus I surren I give I would you like to do that now? Yeah. Heat. Jesus. [Applause] Oh Jesus. Now I feel hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I got heat. [Music] Oh, sorry. [Music] Is there a heart that is [Music] waiting, longing for pardons today. Hear the glad message we bring you. Jesus is passing this [Laughter] [Music] way. Jesus is passing this way. [Applause] [Music] to Jesus is passing his way. Is passing his way to thee. [Music] coming in love and in mercy quick we now unto him. [Music] Open your heart to receive him. Pardon and peace you bestow. Do you believe it now? Open your heart. Jesus is passing this way. God is [Applause] way [Music] to Jesus is passing his way. Oh, he's passing this way to today. Listen to these words now. Listen, the spirit is calling. [Music] Jesus will freely forive. Why not this moment accept him? Trust in God's mercy and just believe. Trust in him, brother, sister. Oh Jesus, his passive is [Music] way right now to Jesus is blessing this way. Oh, he's passing this way to today. Do you know he is so tender and love? [Music] is so near you today. Oh yes Lord. Oh yes Lord. Open your eyes to receive. Oh hallelujah Lord while he is passing this. Oh my Jesus. [Music] Jesus is my way. Oh, this way today. Oh Jesus is blessing this [Applause] way. Oh is passing this way to right now. Open your heart. Open your heart and receive him [Music] now. Maybe you've not been, you know, You've been in a place where you do not even know who you are, why you are here, what you raised up to do in this hour. But you just want to lift up your hands and say, "Lord, I lift up my hands. I open my heart. Receive me, Lord Jesus. I receive you to my heart. Father, Lord, I want you to help me surrender myself to you. I now know what I am, who I am, and what I'm raised for. I'm raised to overcome in this hour. I'm a son of God. I'm a daughter of God. I'm not raised for this year. All the things and the darkness of this year, there is a better life. There is a better life. Lord, that's the life I want. That's the life I desire. Give me that life. Give me that revelation, Lord. Is there somebody here that can open their hearts? And you know if you don't have it, you know if you don't have that revelation, but God can give it to you. God can give it to you, sister. Lord, give me this revelation. Lord, I want to know as I known. I want to come to this place where I can boldly stand for the Lord and for his word a citizen of heaven. That's my true origin, Lord. Oh yes, [Music] Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Jesus. Oh yes. Oh yes. Lord, give them revelation. Lord, oh let it strike their hearts. I pray somebody who has been living under privilege. Lord living in the mar clay and eating the slope and living in the world Lord. Now they have had the word wicked that seed. They cannot sit in their heart, Lord. May they know who they are, Lord Jesus. May they rise above their failures. May they rise above their weaknesses, Lord. May they rise above their failures and problems. Oh God, may they come to a place of knowing that all things are possible to them that believe. Thank you Jesus. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. I commit your children Lord. These are the altar Lord into your hands. Father Lord may you get Amen. come down into their hearts. Let each of them have an experience of the baptism of the Holy Ghost by fire. By fire Lord. By fire Lord in each of their lives. Oh God. Yes, Lord Jesus. Someone struggling, oh God, with the world and with sin. Let the fire of God out the worldliness in the name of Jesus. Amen. Let the angel of God just come and come around about them, Father. Oh Jesus. Oh yes. May you come and do what no man has no idea about. what no man could not do. Oh, in this presence of the Holy Ghost, come and baptize them with come and baptize them with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. Amen. You're more than able, Lord. You're more than able, Lord. Fill them with your fire. Fill them with your with your spirit, Lord, that they may overcome the world. Oh, yes, Lord. Come on. Yes Lord. Yes Lord. Let them know who they are. Give them revelation Lord Jesus. Let them know God that they are sons of God, daughters of God who have overcome Lord this year. Amen. Brought into this place into this time to overcome. Oh thank you Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, we glorify your name. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Worthy is your name, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, just praise him. Praise him. Glory. If he has done something for you in your life, just give him glory. Give him praise. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. If you know you don't have it, brother, sister, while we have the moment, while we have the opportunity, press into it. Ask him to give it to you. He will remember you. He will remember you. He will fear you. God is more than able. more than faithful. He will remind you who you are. Maybe you are confused about your life. I am speaking to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Stand still and see the salvation. Oh, the Lord, Amen, is more than able to carry you out of your situation. Amen. And point you a better life than the one you thought you had. Amen. There's a God that can cool over your life you have character other than the one that is in this natural and he will show you the supernatural for you are a supernatural being. You are a supernatural being. You are a son of God. Listen in the name of Jesus, brothers and sisters. Do not listen to those voices that tell you negative things about you, about your family, about your life. I condemn those voices as a servant of God in the name of Jesus. I condemn those negative voices and I speak life into your life. fill you with the Holy Ghost, change your life, empower you with a fire that you will be on fire for God. Born again woman, born again son of God, they will be changed, eternally changed, never to be the same again. Sudden loses his grip on you in the name of Jesus. He has no authority as a son of God. I command him to lose and let you go and you will serve the Lord all the days. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you Jesus. [Music] I'm no longer a slave to see. I am a child. Hallelujah. I'm no longer fear. Oh, I am a child. I'm no longer no longer. [Music] Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I am God. Oh, I'm no longer I'm no longer a [Music] to God. You unravel me with a me. You surround me with a [Applause] song of deliverance. My enies all my fears all your fears are gone in the name of Jesus Christ. Glory. I'm no longer [Music] I'm no [Music] longer from my mother's womb. You have chosen me all born [Music] again through Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Oh yeah. Heat. I am [Music] surrounded. I am of my father. I am surrounded by my [Music] soul for we are liberated. Oh yes. Thank you Lord Jesus from up with the sons and the daughter. So now we sing our freom. Hallelujah. Freedom that we have in Christ in the open world of the day. Amen. Oh yeah. Rejoice. Heat. Heat. Now I'm your [Applause] ass. Heat. Heat. Heat. You're asking me Yes, I am. [Music] [Applause] I'm no [Music] longer Oh, yes I am. I am. I'm no longer [Music] sl I Oh [Music] God. Thank [Music] you. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Where would I be? You only know. And I'm glad you see [Music] through. [Music] kiss an [Music] empty amazing I [Music] [Music] see the [Music] Yes. Glorious Lord. Please take my hand and lead me and let me. Oh yes, Lord. Pracious Lordious Lord. Please take my lead. And oh [Music] my go sweet the I once was but now but right now but right now I'm [Music] found. Gracious Lord. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. empty [Music] grace [Music] gra the [Music] like me. was lost [Music] by now. I [Music] see. It was great. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My [Music] sous Praise how we [Music] are. My chains are gone. I'll be set free. I love [Music] my Oh, yes. I got Jesus in my [Applause] life. Amazing. Oh, come on musicians. Let us see one more time. My ch my lord, my savior. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amazing. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Mother Paul, come up and pray for us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. There he is. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, come on. [Music] a spirit. Precious Jesus, Lord, Father, we are nothing, but Lord, you're powerful, Lord. God, Jesus, as men, Lord, when we look at our men's side, Lord, we are weak and insufficient. But Lord, as sons of God when we speak the word, Father, nothing can stop it. Father, Lord, I come before you today, Lord. You know my life. You know my heart. Lord, I'm blessing Lord anyone Jesus here. Lord, oh father who needs deliverance, Lord. Father, anyone who is bound by chain, Father, let this word go straight in their hearts. Oh God, Lord, anyone who is bound, Lord, by the chains of hell, anyone who can receive this word right now, Lord God Jesus, as a son of God, Lord, I pronounce freedom over everyone's life. Lord, anyone who can take it, Lord. God, let all the chains go loose, Father. One thing I'm sure about, Father, is that Lord, your word can't fail. Father, it will never fail, Lord. Father, when it goes to the right place, Father, Lord, and it hits right there, oh God. Oh God, Lord, oh Jesus, Lord, if you just direct me, Lord, Lord, oh Jesus, I'll thank you, Lord. Father, Lord, we bless [Music] this service, Lord, in your eyes. Lord, those who hear it after, Lord, and the people who have been here, I ask you Lord that Father, you may bless everyone. Father, everyone who has Lord, Father, everyone, oh God, Lord, I know that there are some who are wandering around, Lord, they're wondering what is happening, Lord. What kind of a power is this, Lord? Father, I ask you to reveal yourself, Father. Lord, I know Jesus for I was once in that position. Lord, I was once in that condition. I was just looking around, Lord, wondering what is happening. But Lord, I ask you, would you touch the wondering soul? Would you touch them, oh God? Father, let them know who you are. Let them understand who you are. Father, let them never be failures in the name of Jesus. Father, Lord, God, I ask you to stretch your hand towards them. I ask you, Lord, to have mercy upon them, Father. Lord, even their thoughts condemn them, Lord. Their own actions condemn, Lord. They feel so hopeless, Lord, Father. It looks like they're in an open space, oh God, Father. They're just wandering around, Lord, from corner to corner, Lord. Nowhere to go, Lord. Would you make yourself manifest? Would you be there, God? Oh, Lord, I pray Jesus. Lord, today father while we go may we know father that Jesus you have spoken Lord Father Lord and whoever will listen to this later this this word is not a man's word Lord that they'll be blessed oh father Lord may this same anointing Lord follow everyone Lord Father who listen to this oh father Lord I pray oh God that Father even while we go out oh Father, would you would you take us safely? Oh God, would you bring us back? Oh Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you Lord. Father, we bless your holy name. All glory and honor is yours Jesus. Jesus name we pray. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] You may have your seats. I love him. If you can close your eyes right in your chair, sing it. Sing it to him if you love him. In the quietness of the spirit now. Oh, everybody now. Oh, if you feel that presence of the Holy Spirit, just sing it from the bottom of your heart. is my [Music] sales. One more time. I love him everybody. Lift up your hand if you can now. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] He [Music] goes around me. Hallelujah. and chase my [Applause] [Music] Oh, come. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Amen. We just remain in this atmosphere as the musicians got into play slowly. We dismissed uh receive greetings from brother Ephraim in Ethiopian manager can come and continue leading [Music] us and more songs of worship and you're free to dismiss when you want to go. [Music] Oh [Music] God, I love you. [Music] I love [Music] you. He goes on. He loves me. She's [Music] my [Music] all to you. Amen. Amen. I just wanted to make mention that we had uh some people that uh are here. Uh there's a sister called sister Morin from I don't know where but she's God bless you so much. Amen. Thank you for fellowshipping with us today. This is called Days of the Voice Fellowship. Days of the Voice Fellowship. We have no law but love. No book but the Bible. You don't even need any membership. We just have fellowship. So you're always welcome. Thank you so much. And brother David came with his entire family. Amen. Can they stand up the family his wife? Oh, God bless you so much. God bless you so much. What about the children? Are they [Music] here? They're outside. All right. We welcome you so much. We bless you so much. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] I for all those who gave the gift. I've been told it's a gift for me for my birthday. I really appreciate you. Thank you so much. God bless you. [Music] Jes. Oh, sing it again. My love is true. I love you. I love you because [Music] And by chance my [Music] sal one more time. I love you. I love you. I love him. [Music] I love you because he love me and I just my [Music] Salation. Oh, come raise free. You have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus, you have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me with Jesus. You have done me. You have done me. You have done me. You have done me well. [Music] Jesus children go to your gifts. [Music] Me Jesus [Music] ever [Music] long. Yes. Oh [Music] [Music] my lord Jes. Yes. [Music] Gosh. Yes. Oh. [Music] Oh, Jesus. Oh, you have done [Music] me well. You have done me well. You have done me Jesus. You have done me. Oh, you have done me well. You have done me well, Jesus. One more time. You have done me. You have done me well. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus, [Music] you have done me. You done me. You have done me well. You have done me well. Jesus friend. Sheep preach Jesus. [Music] Hello sheep divine. Oh, what a bless Tom. You know Jesus is a friend. Oh my friends. You friendship with Jesus and fed alone sheep divine. Oh. Oh, what a blessed sweet
