################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-29 - 25-1128E When All Hope Is Taken Away  Bro Ssemanda Julius - Ssemanda Julius.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-29
Title:   25-1128E When All Hope Is Taken Away // Bro Ssemanda Julius
Speaker: Ssemanda Julius
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D9CN6AxF7vk
========================================

I will go and you have called me. I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will go lead me low. Oh, I will follow. Lead me now. Oh, I will go. You have called me. I realize and lead me Lord. I will go. Lead me now. Now lead me, Lord. I will follow Lord. Lead me Lord. I will go and you have called me. I will lost her. Lead me Lord I one more time. Lead me Lord I will go. Oh lead me Lord I will fall. Lord lead me Lord and I will go and you have called me. I will answer. Let me Lord we go. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. only leading self secure from all leading holy leing on the everlasting God. Leing, holy, safe and secure from all la. Yes. leading holy on the everlasting God. And why I fellowship, why I journey divine on the everlasting God. Why I blessedness while I on the last singer. Oh, leaning in. Oh, say find secure from all leading. Oh, on the light standard. Oh, oh, how sweet to work in this priming on the everlasting ground. Oh, how brave the path draws from death to day. Leaning on the everlasting God. Holy, holy, from all leading. Yes. Tonight on the everlasting air. Why have I to dream and why have I to feeling on the everlasting God? My heart blessed peace with my Lord so nearly on the everlasting God. Oh Ling on the everlasting I'm leaning feeling. Oh, oh la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la la. Leaning le Oh, lean in on the everlasting God. Dear loving father, we want to thank you so much, Lord Jesus, for this precious time, Lord. Father, we are in your presence tonight once again. Father, we thank you, Lord Jesus, for your grace, Lord, for gathering us together, Lord. And Lord Jesus, uh, where you are, Lord, Father, there with the eagles, be gathered together, Father, Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord Jesus, we believe that you're here with us tonight. You're here to change, turn lives around. You're here, Lord, Father, to fulfill all our heart's desires. You're here, Lord Jesus, to make things happen impossible. Lord Jesus, possible. We thank you so much. We call on you, Father. Let your presence come down, Lord. Bless us tonight, Father. Lord, bless us in this service. Bless the service, Father. I commit into our hands, Father. And also pray for the needs, Lord Jesus, of your children gathered here, Lord. And Lord Jesus, I pray that you'll answer all their prayers. You'll answer all their needs, Father. Lord Jesus Christ, tonight, Lord, and all those who are still coming on their way, Father. May you, Lord Jesus, lead them safely, Father. Bless Lord Jesus, the minister who will minister to us, Father, tonight. Bless him, Father, and use him, Lord Jesus, in a special way, Father. Bless each one of us here, Father. Bless the song service, Lord. Anoint us, Father Lord. Anoint everything, Father Lord. I leave everything into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray and be. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a clap of praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Happy to be the house of the Lord. Amen. We are happy to be here once again. Thank you for coming. Amen. Praise the Lord. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with thee. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. down for the Oh, abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the narrow way and for the bid with thee. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I hold the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see and the reason all my glee. Yes. The secret all is this. The comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. With me I'm rejoicing as I walk the narrow way. And for the comforter I b with me. Oh, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within, till I had a Jesus died upon the tree. Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abide. Oh, he abide. Here abby. Oh hallelujah. Here abides. With me I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. And for the abides with me. Oh he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bad and just as free. Oh, for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me and he abides. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. For with me I'm rejoicing. Oh has I walk narrowing. Oh the comforter I b with me. Oh there's no pasting for the things on the wall they've taken wings. Long ago I gave them my hand and some key. All my night was turned to day. All my burdens rolled away. Now the comforter abides with me. He abides. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. And for the comforter abides with me. Oh, there's no thirsting for the thing of the world. They've taken wins. Long ago I gave them my pen instantly. Oh my badness roll away. Now the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Oh, with me I'm rejoicing and the comforter I dream. Just sing it one more time. Oh, he abides. Oh, he abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. As I wonder the comforter by dream me. Wonderful. Wonderful Jesus is through me. He's a counselor, prince of peace. Mighty God is here. Oh, saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. For my heart sings today, sings for joy and gladness. Jesus saves satisfies, banishes my sin. Guilt is gone and pisses my peace like to a river. Oh my to leave. Oh wonderful Jesus is to me. Mighty God is here saving me and keeping me. Oh, wonderful is my redeemer. Oh, and so slave now I'm free. Free from condemnation. Jesus gives liberty and the full salvation. All the sins of the past have been all forgiven. And my name is inscribed on the book of heaven. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus to me. Counselor, prince of peace, mighty God is here, saving me and keeping me from a sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. All living here with my Lord in a holy union day by day all the way. Calling sweet communion. Oh, I change. Stress has ro in my lawy since my soul has received full and free salvation. Wonderful, wonderful Jesus is to me, counselor, priest of peace. My God is here saving me and keeping me from all sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Wonderful. Wonderful. Jesus is to me. He's the counselor. Oh mighty God is he saving me and keeping me from my sin and shame. Wonderful is my redeemer. Praise his name. Oh, the devil never gave it to me. Oh, this joy that I have, the devil didn't give it to me. This joy that I have, the devil didn't give it. Oh yes. This joy that I have, oh my. Oh, tonight the devil never gave me. Oh, yes. Joy that I have, the devil never. Oh yes, this peace that I have. Oh my. This peace that I have, the devil never gave it to me. Peace that I have. Oh, the devil never gave me. Oh yes. This peace that I have. Oh my. This peace that I have. Oh the devil never gave it to me. Oh this peace that I have. Oh the devil never gave it. Oh yes. is power that I have. Oh my power that I have. Oh, this power that I have tonight. Oh yes. this joy that I have. Oh my joy that I heard. Oh, the devil never. Oh my joy that I have. Oh, the devil never gave me. Oh, this little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, tonight. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, yes. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let her shine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, this God that I have, I'm going to let him shine. This God that I have, oh, I'm going to let him shine. this Lord that I have. Oh, I'm going to let him shine. Let him shine. Let him shine. Oh, this little light. Oh my. Oh, this little light. Oh my. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Joy that I have, the devil never gave it to me. All my joy that I have. Oh, tonight this joy that I have. The devil. Oh, this joy. This joy. store that I have. Oh, the devil never gave it to me. Devil never gave it. One more time. Oh, this joy that I have. Oh, the devil never gave it to me. This joke that I have, oh, the devil never gave it to me. Oh, the devil take it away. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. We have something tonight that no man can effect. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, the devil deprise us all. Praise God. The joy of the Lord. Hallelujah. No man can take it away. Hallelujah. It's not the world that has given it to us. It's not the devil that has given it to you or to me. Praise God. And the devil can never take it away. Hallelujah. Praise God. Are you ready to serve him tonight? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; I will sing hosana. I will sing hosana. Singing round before the throne of glory. I will sing hosana. I will sing hosana. I will sing hosana. Oh, singing round before the throne of glory. I will sing hosana. I will sing hosana. Oh, I will sing hosana. Oh, singing round before the throne of glory. Oh, I will sing hosana. Oh, I will jump hosana. I will jump. Hosana. Oh, jumping ground. Oh, I will jump. I will jump. I will jump. Oh, I will jump. Hosana. Oh, jumping ground before the throne of glory. I will jump. Hosana. I will clap. I will clap. Oh, high will clap. Hosana. Oh, clapping ground. Oh, I will clap. Hosana. I will dance. I will dance. Oh, I will dance. I will dance. Hosana. Dancing ground. Oh, I will dance. Hosana. Oh, I will sing. Hosana. I will sing. Hosana. Oh, singing ground. I will. Oh, hey. In the house of the Lord, there is something today. In the house of the Lord, there is something today. Hallelujah. Today in the house. Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. In the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house. Oh, there is singing today in the house of the Lord in the house of the Lord. There is singing today. Hallelujah today. Oh, there is freedom today in the house of the Lord. In the house of the Lord. There is freedom today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is shouting today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is shouting today in the house of the Lord. There is jumping today in the house of the Lord. In the house of the Lord, there is jumping today. In the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. There is waving today in the house of the Lord. There is waving today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. One more time. Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. There is something today in the house of the Lord in the car. Praise God. Because the presence of the Lord is here tonight with us. Amen. Where the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. There is freedom. Amen. Hallelujah. You have to be here. Just turn around, shake somebody's hand, welcome them in the house of the Lord tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salana. Oh, blessed be the ro. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Oh, blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the ro. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my sal. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the ro. Blessed be the rock of my sal. Oh s againana. Oh blessed be the ro. Blessed be the rock of my sosana. Hosana. Oh, blessed be the ro. Ohana. Hosana. Blessed be the ro. Ohana. Ohana. Blessed be the ro. Oh my salary. One more time. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Blessed be the rock of my be. Hosana. Oh be the rock of my salone. Oh. Oh, I go get to. Oh, I see where she Oh, I go get this. Oh, I see one more. I go to Oh, I see more of I go to Oh, I see one again. Oh, I go get to. Oh, I see what. Oh, I go get to s. Oh, I see most. Oh, let us pray. Hallelujah. Everyone speak to the Lord tonight. One I go to the desert. Lord, prepare me. Be a son to You and holy ting with thanksgiving. I'll be a living sanctuary for Lord prepare me as the minister comes tonight in your sanctuary. You and holy tried and true we thanksgiving. Oh, sanctuary. Lord, prepare me. Lord prepare the sanctuary and holy God and true with this keeping. Oh sanctuary for oh Lord prepare me sanctuary p you and holy oh. Oh, with thanksgiving on the early be sanctuary. Oh, for you. Oh Lord, prepare me. It's right and true always thanksgiving be a living sanctuary for you. Lord, prepare me to be a sanctuary, pure and holy, tried and true with the seeding. I'll be a living sanctuary for you with thanksgiving. I'll be a livinging sanctuary for you. Reach up and touch the Lord. As he goes by, &gt;&gt; you will find is not too busy &gt;&gt; to hear your heart cry is passing by this moment to reach out and touch the Lord. I see the most. You will find is known to be to hear your heart cry is passing by this morning to your knees. to sound. Just reach out and touch the Lord. I see. Shall we bow our heads in our prayer? Kindly heavenly gracious father in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ we bless your name and give glory honor unto thee. Father we magnify your holy name for you are the only true living God. You are the almighty God the creator of the heavens and earth. You are the author of eternal life and the giver of each and every good gift. Father, we have not come here for a show or to show ourselves and to present ourselves uh before each other, but to present ourselves before you Lord God Almighty having needs that are different. But we know that there is only one that can help us that's not too busy and that's you, oh God almighty that is always uh uh looking upon your people. Father needs to supply. Lord Jesus Christ, I invite you Lord this night. I pray that Father, may you come and have pumminance in our ministry. May you come and take charge and control. Take the flesh aside, Lord, and sanctify each one of us, oh Lord, forgiving our sins and iniquities, taking all condemnation out of our hearts by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, I pray that may you consecrate us for to this hour, Lord. Open my lips in wisdom Lord that I may be able to edify your people by the preaching of the word by the gift and by your holy spirit. Heavenly gracious father I pray that may you come and move and touch each and every individual that father we may go back better Christians in each and every individual Lord receiving their portion. Lord we commit this service into your hands in the entire night Lord and whatever will follow after in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we also remember Lord our brother Enoch Lord that's preparing for his introduction Lord Jesus Christ that you walk with him Lord and that you go ahead of him father and that everything goes on well to the praise of the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father we commit him into your hands. Heavenly gracious father we pray that tonight may you come and anoint each one of us to break every yoke. Father we pray that let this be a night of a difference. a night, Father, where the power of God falls upon each and every person, Lord, that we may go a step higher and and and closer to the Lord Jesus Christ. Heavenly gracious Father, I'm completely insufficient, Lord. And I I I just feel, Lord, I'm not ready, Lord Jesus, for this hour. But I know that that that God, you are ever ready and ready to to to serve your people and and to do us according to their needs in the mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, may you come and break this bread of life that it may bless your people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let let us first read the scripture then you take your seats and uh we we we we share some few comments. Amen. God richly bless you. Amen. Let us read from the book of Acts chapter 27 13-2. Acts chapter 27 verse 13-2. The Bible says, "And when the south wind blew blew blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, losing this, they sailed close by. But not long after there arose against it a tempestious wind called Eurocitton. And when the ship was caught and could not bear up into the wind, we let her drive. And running under a certain island, which is called Cloud, we had much work to come by the boat, which when they had taken up, they used hopes and guarding the ship, and fearing lest they should fall into the quick sands, citric sail, and so were driven. And we being exceedingly tossed with our tempest, the next day they lightened the ship. And the third day we cast out with our own hands the tackling of the ship. And when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared, and no small tempest lay on us, all hope that we should be saved was then taken away. But after long abstaininess, Paul stood forth in the midst of them and said, "Sir, ye should have unto me, and not have losed from greet, and to have gained this harm and loss." And now I exalt you to be of good cheer, for there shall be no loss of any man's life among you, but of the sheep. For there stood by me this night the angel of God whose I am and whom I serve, saying, Fear not Paul, thou must be brought before Caesar. And lo, God has given thee all them that s with thee. Wherefore, s be of good cheer, for I believe God that it shall be even as it was told me. Amen. You may take your seats. Amina, we are not going to have a long night. We are going to have a short night after around midnight. So the preaching will not be also long and we shall leave a portion for the uh for some praying session and uh by midnight we shall be done. The reason most of the people here are going for the introduction tomorrow. So we had to make this night shorter short. And that's very fine. That's very fine. And uh this time this moment that we're going to have is uh is good enough to to to do something uh to do something to us tonight. uh because if if the rapture is going to take place in a moment in a twinkling of an eye that is the the translation the the change of these motor bodies taking on immortality if it is going to take place in a moment in a twinkling of an eye and it is that's I think the the greatest miracle so all of these other things we can do in just a few times and they can be accomplished. &gt;&gt; So God can do anything any time. No matter how the time uh no matter how it does not take it is not about how long how short God can do anything any time. &gt;&gt; It's not about how long we pray it's about how deep is our faith. It's not about how long we preach. It's about who is behind us when we are preaching. &gt;&gt; So it's the power that is driving the message. That's what makes the difference. That's what brings the manifestation and the life of the message into the people. Uh yes. Amen. Our subject today is uh when all hope to is taken away. when all hope is taken away. It's it's kind of different when you are preaching without an interpreter, but it is fine. It is very fine. So when all hope is taken away from where we have read here in this scripture just uh for I I like to encourage the believer. I like to encourage the believer because the believer can be encouraged. There is something in him that just gets cast casted down a little bit. But the Bible says where there is a casting down there is a lifting up. &gt;&gt; A believer can be encouraged &gt;&gt; and that encouragement can stand steadfast because he is a believer. He just needs you know when before we came here the prophet taught us that we we bypassed our theophony. So for God to take us back there, he just quickens us. So for me to get you encouraged again, I just quicken you by the word. So but an unbeliever, that one can't be encouraged. He will float about today. He says, "Yes, yes, yes." The next day he floats about he's just unstable. He's just unstable. He's just like tossed about like the wind upon the sea. He has no direction. He has no guide. But what a believer has is the guide. The guide of our lives. That's what keeps us steady fast. That's what keeps us steady. That's what brings us back when we are going off the lane. It's it's the guide that we have because the guide is the one that he knows the track. He knows the the way how we which we which we ought to go which we ought to go. So that's that's what keeps the believer walking in that lane. So in this scripture in the book of acts where we have read 27 it's it's it's uh let's take it like this. This was the time that uh when you go back to verses one it was determined that we should sail into Italy. They delivered Paul and certain other prisoners and to one named Julius. Now there's my name there but I didn't intend but there's my name there. So uh Paul was was to be taken to Italy. They had to he had to to appear before Caesar. Uh uh he had to appear before Caesar. But and when they set off for for this journey the the Bible gives this entire story when they they started to go off Paul told them uh the when they reached a certain island that was a crit Paul told them but I I don't think we should set off because I'm seeing that this journey is not going to be safe for us. The Bible says that when much time was spent and when sailing was now dangerous, it was dangerous for sailing because the fast was now already passed. Paul admonished them and said unto them, s I perceive that this voyage will be with heart and much damage. Not not only of the ladding and ship, but also of our lives. So the man of God warned them and he said that the voyage that we are taking is going to be dangerous. It is going to bring damage to the ship, damage to our cargo and to our lives also. But but the Bible says that the centurion believed the master and the owner of the ship more than those things which were spoken by Paul. So they believed more the controller of the ship, the captain than the man of God. &gt;&gt; And and this happens to the people that they tend to believe more what the doctor says than what the man of God has said. I believe the man of God than what your condition says. Believe the man of God than what your situation says. So &gt;&gt; because the man of God is is is God is mouthpiece but the doctor is using his is a knowledge of science. The the the the statics the statistics are showing the because of the conditions in the country the the the statist statistics will show that but the man of God is speaking from what God is seeing. So, but they could not believe what the man of God is saying, but they believed more the captain. &gt;&gt; That's the challenge we get when you you believe more of what the the other people are saying than what the man of God is saying. You know, if you can get someone to believe, God wants a believer, God wants, I mean, someone that can believe someone that he has sent. Babam taught us and he said that God molds the man of the age in such a way that he can attract the people of the age. We know when God molds the man of the area to attract the people of that area. There is a not everywhere you go that you will prosper in everything. There is where God has ordained you. &gt;&gt; You know there's where God has ordained you. And and if you go somewhere and you happen to prosper, it it was an easy plan also. But if you ever go out of that divine program, then you cannot prosper. You you cannot see the prosperity. So it says that Paul admonished them but they could not listen. And what does it say? It says that when the south wind blew softly supposing that they had obtained their purpose. So they saw that ah no we are just sailing on everything is going on right on where we are just going on. He says that everything was going on softly and the brother says that in the man running from the presence of God. He says that when you see that you are just floating down with the tide just going down floating or he says be careful you are just about to fall down the cataract you are about to get into danger when you are seeing that you are floating just about things are easy. So he says that they thought that they had obtained their purpose. So you reach a time that you think you have obtained a purpose but when it's out of the will of God you are not going to get there. &gt;&gt; So sometimes it will it will look like it will it it will be easy. It will be all right. Everything will be going on just well. But he says losing this they said cross by creed. But not long after there was it a tempestious wind called Euroon that what? So that that victory could not go on for too long. So why some people can't contain their victory. You see it's it's a it's not a true victory. It's not a true victory. So when the ship was caught and could not bear up in the wind, we let her drive running on a certain island and all these things. What happened is that they started to offload the ship. Offload the ship. Remove this, remove that. They removed threw away the cargo. They threw away the ropes that are carrying the cargo and and everything. And the Bible says that and being exceedingly tossed with a tempest. They they were just tossed about. So where and everything was happening and where every little hope that they had was being taken away from them was being wiped away. The Bible says when neither sun nor stars in many days appeared no smaller tempest on us all hope that we should be saved was then taken away. They could not see the sun at all. They could not see the stars at all. the it was all dark around them. It was night at that time. They didn't know that they could not see what what what time is it? You know, it was they say says all of hope the little hope that had remained in them was taken away. So it was a something that happened that took away the hope. It says all hope that we should be saved was taken away. It was something that happened. It was a situation that took away the hope. &gt;&gt; Now the one writing is Luke. Luke Luke is the one writing this book. He was there. He says all hope we should be saved was taken away. You you get to a point where even you know but there's nothing can take away Christ the hope of glory. There's nothing that can take away that hope out of you. &gt;&gt; It cannot be there. So it says that they lost all that hope and what happened is that uh Paul said I warned you of this had I known always comes last I warned you I told you about this but because of God's grace and kindness he says that don't be worried be of good cheer I believe God &gt;&gt; and I'm a servant of God and God did this because of Paul &gt;&gt; because Paul was in that ship. So it says the the the night the angel of God whose I am and whom I serve he sent his angel to strengthen his servant that was with the unbelievers in the boat that he may deliver him from that that which was happening. So, so it says that uh it says that uh fear not thou must be brought before Caesar and law God has given all of them that sell with thee. So no matter what happens, no matter what comes our way, it all turns out it works for our own good that they lost their ship but he he won the souls that were in the boat. So it it doesn't matter what the devil brings upon you, but God turns it around for our own good. Because Paul is commission was to to preach the gospel to the Gentiles, get them from darkness and to light. His purpose was to deliver souls. So all this what happened to the sheep, what happens to whatever whatever it doesn't matter as long as we get that soul. &gt;&gt; So when he got the souls, that was good enough for me. Now when God gets a man, a God called man that God has given a vision, God will always drive you sometimes contrary to what you are thinking. &gt;&gt; It will drive you to what you thought. &gt;&gt; It will take you the way that you you even don't understand because God wants that a vision that he has given you depend upon him. &gt;&gt; He says that God wants man to fully depend upon him. Sometimes we think that I can handle this. It's it's not a it's not huge. But God doesn't want that. God wants man to completely depend upon him. Bab says that when Adam sinned against God, &gt;&gt; he he tried to when he tried to put around those leaves around him and his wife Eve. He says that what he that's not what he was supposed to do. He was supposed to go back to God and ask him, "Father, I I've done what you told me not to do, and now I'm here lost. Show me the way back. &gt;&gt; As simple as that. God is a God of simplicity. But you complicate yourself. &gt;&gt; It's you that complicates yourself. You make it too hard when it is not too hard for God. You make it too complicated and hard to understand and hard to go through. But when it is not hard and not complicated, it is easy when it is in God's hand. There's nothing can take away that hope when it is anchored in Christ &gt;&gt; because that's the hope of glory and it goes from glory to glory from faith to faith. It just keeps on growing and growing. So sometimes God takes you through that the floods and and sorrows and the fires. But God is still leading. &gt;&gt; God is still leading. &gt;&gt; He has not lost control. He has not lost leadership. He has not given you up. &gt;&gt; So when all hope is taken away &gt;&gt; and you say I just have no more hope. We just just let's let's just leave this thing. Let's just leave this thing. Just remember as long as you can still help yourself, you don't need God's help. But God helps the helpless. You know the people tend to say that God helps the helpless and God helps you without your help. God doesn't need your help to help you. &gt;&gt; Let me give you an example. &gt;&gt; Look a little caterpillar. If if it is over right here and it is surrounded by fire all around. Now you tell me how is that? How should that caterpillar help itself to get out of that s of fire? It doesn't have wings. The heat is getting too much. Tell me, how can it help itself to get out of that circle? So God doesn't need any man's help to help a man. All that God wants is a man that can surrender to him &gt;&gt; and believe him and just put all their trust in God. Just all their trust in God. So it there there are those moments in life where your confession is completely changed. You start by saying you know God is going to do it. You know God is my God is a mighty God. My God is a living God. I believe God. But then something happens. It really strikes you and until all hope is taken away and you're like, I think this thing is not meant for me. I think I was doing a mistake. I am not certain even whether it's God's will. Let me just leave this thing. Ah God, I'm sorry. Maybe I was venturing without authority. No, you are just at the point of giving up. But when you are almost giving up, &gt;&gt; I always want you to remember our God won't give up on your case. &gt;&gt; God never gives up. You know, there's you can't bring a case and God says, "I've tried to handle Julia's things, but I've given up on this case. I've given up." But says that when the the it says that when when when when when the blood is applied, he says that you know let me give you something the accuser of the brethren is the devil. So when the devil brings the accusation and that accusation is and it is true you know you you did it why why God calls it an accusation because God is not seeing it. It because of the blood he says the case is closed the blood is a bumper then the sin goes back to its owner. &gt;&gt; You know God turns Satan cannot be sent to hell if he's not a sinner. So God he says brother says the blood is a bumper. So the sin goes back to its original owner that's the devil. So he bears every sin upon himself. Then he has got to go to hell. God is a righteous judge. &gt;&gt; So look brother he cannot say that this case this one have given up. &gt;&gt; God can't give up on your case until it is done &gt;&gt; until it is sorted. No matter how long it takes, God is working on your case. &gt;&gt; Our God does not surrender. Our God does not retreat. &gt;&gt; Our God doesn't give up. &gt;&gt; If God determines to do something, Paul says, "He that started a good work in you will accomplish it till the door of Christ." God has to finish what he has started. &gt;&gt; God has to finish what he has started. You go Moses says, Moses says if the Egyptians shall hear that their God brought them out of Egypt and he was not able to take them into the promised land that he says if you destroy these people because they have sinned, you know you are just God. But if you destroy these people because they have sinned, let me tell you, your sins, your sins cannot even separate you from God if you are a son of God. &gt;&gt; It's supposed to bring you close that to understand the power of the blood &gt;&gt; and that you may be able to extend grace to others. If you had no mistake, my brother, you would be uh a radical believer. But those things happen that you may have grace to others because grace and truth came through Christ Jesus. But Christ is now in you that you may extend the same grace. &gt;&gt; Look brother, sister, he says, then Moses says, you know, they have sinned. Yes. But if you destroy them just right now, what is going to happen is that the Egyptians will say they are God because he was not able to take them into the land he promised them. He destroyed them in the wilderness. And that will be a bad report about you. God doesn't want a bad report about him. &gt;&gt; And God doesn't want to be ashamed. &gt;&gt; God doesn't want to be ashamed. You know if you are certain of God, you just say God. Let me tell you, if you are certain of God, &gt;&gt; you know it's not you who's going to be ashamed. &gt;&gt; If I make my confession and I make my stand for Christ, if he doesn't stand for me, it's not me who's going to be ashamed. &gt;&gt; I just tell him, Lord, if you let me just sleep off, you are going to be ashamed because I have stood and confess that I'm a Christian. Amen. &gt;&gt; It is a God who is ashamed &gt;&gt; if your confession does not come into manifestation because you have trusted in him. Amen. &gt;&gt; He says the Egyptians are going to mock on you and you know and God says ah you Moses you are right that that one you are right these people but okay he forgive them because of the testimony of his name he had to let it had to stand on and on through the ages. Yes, he destroyed them. By the time he destroyed them, he already had those that will enter. So those who had they say Israel conquered all their enemies and they entered into that the land and they took over. Brother, sister, God cannot start it and just just leave it around there in the middle. When he starts it, he gets it to the end. So when all your hope is taken away, there's something within you that can't be taken away. &gt;&gt; There's something within you that can't be taken away. &gt;&gt; Listen, brother. God, he loves it so much when you are brought against the wall. &gt;&gt; When your back is against the wall, &gt;&gt; it works for God. It it works for him &gt;&gt; because he works in mysterious ways is wonders to perform. If if if you if you're back &gt;&gt; the children of Israel when they reached the Red Sea, there was the Red Sea standing in the way. That Red Sea was not going to be taken away. It was right in the way. But there was another way. The prophet says God brought them into I'm forgetting the word but you know God bringing you into a trap. He says you are passing here but there is already sea. There is already sea and behind them pharaoh is coming with the chariots. Then all hope was taken away. He said Moses you brought us to destroy us in the wilderness. between a rock and a hard place. In other words, you can't go back, you can't go forward, you can't retreat and you can't move forward. There's something in the way and behind you. You can't return back to that job, but there's no other one. You can't return back home. you but there's a lot of things happen you know but God says ah be still and see the salvation of the Lord &gt;&gt; he brought them right in that trap &gt;&gt; where they could all of their hope was taken away but God just wanted to show his power &gt;&gt; God just wanted to show his power remember brother sister any time that you ask God for a miracle when You ask to see God's power, you are asking for a certain problem because God is power cannot be made manifest without a challenge. There has got to be a challenge then there is a showdown. &gt;&gt; So when you say God I want to see your miracles. I want to see your power. You are asking for a challenge. Then when the challenge comes God wants to show his power. When you ask God for brotherly love, brother, he brings brothers that they are not lovely at all. They will mock you, they will step on your feet. They will I because brotherly love it comes with a challenge. it. You have to fight it. It's within you. But for it to come out, there has got to be a squeeze. If you want to get juices, squeeze that grip. So there's got to be a squeeze for that one to be manifested. It says the squeeze brings the power of God. When all hope is taken away, When all hope is taken away, you are when you are pressed between a rock and a hard place, you are you are just put within challenge upon challenge, trouble upon trouble, try upon trial, test upon test, failure upon failure, mistake upon mistake, and you feel like I cannot be a Christian. &gt;&gt; You are a genuine Christian. Amen. &gt;&gt; When you come to a point where I feel like I I think this is this one I think God have ashamed you too much. I think I really cannot live for Christ. You are the right person. &gt;&gt; Because now hallelujah. My grace is sufficient. And then say is power is great in weakness. &gt;&gt; When you are weak then you are strong. &gt;&gt; That's where strength is in weakness in brokenness. That's where a masterpiece is molded. Because God cannot take a vessel to use it unless he breaks it and molds it again after his own will. You come to Christ when you are molded in your own understanding, molded in your own desires, molded with your own visions. I had my own visions a lot. A lot. Far from this. None of these things I had. I didn't have any of these things. I was really had my own visions, man. But God had to break all those things until I all hope was taken away. I couldn't achieve any of them. I lost all the hope and it was taken out completely. Why? Because God wanted to bless me in that reality. &gt;&gt; In the truth of the matter of life, the reason as to why I'm here when you can't get under it. There's no way to get under it. There's no way to get over it. You You don't see any way to get over it. When you don't see any way to get around it, you can't jump this. You can't dodge it. It is your responsibility. It's you. It's just around you. You can't get under it. You can't get over it. You can't get around it. The only way is you either go through it or you let God take it out of the way. But trust me brother, sister, you are going to go through it. &gt;&gt; You are going to go through it and you are going to come out with the victory. &gt;&gt; God loves it when he brings you to a point where all your hopes is taken away. Where all your confidence in man is taken away because God wants a full trust in him. The prophet says in the message the mighty conqueror trusting in his word. God wants someone who can completely trust in his word. Your father can give you a word. You know your parents give you a word and say I am sorted. Now that's your parents's word. God doesn't want that. He will bring you where the the hope in that word is taken away. &gt;&gt; Where I give you my word and say these brethren are going to make it for me. God doesn't want that. God doesn't want what that he says trusting in his word. Believing everything he says, trusting him as my all, as my breath, as my life, as all that I have. You know, it's not that God wants you to be poor. It's not that God doesn't want you to possess things. It's not that God wants you to have nothing. But God wants you to have him first. &gt;&gt; Some people cannot think about getting God until they are emptied. But how can you you you have to be emptied then filled. So some people God God not but all but all. God empt. You can't come to a point where you say God is my all that I have where God says but I am your portion say but God can't you trust me with some riches or Roberts and all these others have got riches and God says but I am your portion and brother that satisfied him but but some people that doesn't satisfy because of the ignorancy that if I have God, then I have everything. &gt;&gt; Seek you first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. &gt;&gt; Then these are things shall be added unto you. &gt;&gt; It says, trusting him as my all, as my breath, as my life, as all that I have. All I have is Jesus. I don't have any other. He says, "Tonight I fully surrender myself to him. Both soul, body, and spirit. &gt;&gt; Tonight I fully surrender myself to him. Both soul, body, and spirit. Looking for his second coming in glory. When I am sad, I trust him." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Christ is my joy. When I am glad, I trust him. He is my gladness. When I am sick, I trust him. He is my healer. When I am lost, I trust him. He is my savior. Whatever befalls me, I trust him. &gt;&gt; Come what may, that the east winds blow. Come, whatever befalls me, I trust him. Job says that he says he says he says he says I though he slays me &gt;&gt; yet will I trust him. &gt;&gt; My mom says that even if he sends me I know that he's going to send me to hell let me tell you even if I know that Christ is going to send me to hell at the end of the road it is still good to talk about Jesus. I still feel good to serve him. I still feel good to praise. I feel good when I'm a Christian. &gt;&gt; Even if I know I still wouldn't go for the things of the world. &gt;&gt; I would still live for Christ. I would still talk about him as a savior. &gt;&gt; At least let someone else go there. If I know that I want to go there, let someone else go there because I believe that his word is true. &gt;&gt; Amen. When all hope is taken away, I have a certain hope that can't be taken away from me. Whatever befalls me, I trust him. I trust him. Whatever befalls me because he says there's nothing that can happen to a believer unless it has been ordained of God. Because a believer's life, whatever befalls him is ordained of God. And God never puts a trial or a test on you. Unless he has a confidence in you. &gt;&gt; You know babies in Christ have little trials. &gt;&gt; He first gets you out of Egypt then he bring you in the wilderness a place of trial. If you overcome that then you're a son indeed. Now when God brings a test a trial you know he has confidence in you. I have confidence. This one, this one, this job, that one. Job. Ah, there's no man like him. It It looked like as if Job was finished. It looked like all hopes was taken away because this one brings an evil report. Another one brings another evil report. Another one brings your sons are dead. The cles is stolen. Fires burnt the house. Then he boils strike job. All hope was taken away. Everything Job possess was taken away. But there's something the devil would not take out from Job. That is the faith job had in God. And the trust that Job had in God. He says though he me will I trust him. What kind of trust is that? Because Job had known the secret. Whatever befalls me, I trust him. &gt;&gt; When he says, I know my redeemer liveth, it means that the God I serve is not a dead God. &gt;&gt; He is a living God. &gt;&gt; God wants to reveal himself as the only true living God. God loves to reveal that. He wants to prove that he is the only true living God. That one he he loves to do it. The you know the three Hebrew children were brought God didn't did not move. You know he's not in a he's just he's not moved by circumstancy. God is not moved by circumstancy. He he just stood there watching looking at them and then they make their confession. Have you prayed? They say we prayed. Then they come and uh they reach the mouth the mouth of the of the furnace. Still God is not moving but is watching his eyes on the sparrow. They move another step into the fire. God is not moving. You know, God did not come and stand on the door of the furnace that they may not enter, but God went into the furnace &gt;&gt; and they found him there. You know God goes into your problem &gt;&gt; and he waits you to come into that problem. &gt;&gt; You enter said the waters are swallowing me. He says ah just come out of the waters. &gt;&gt; He just entered the problem and he was there in the trouble. He says through the waters I'll be with you. You know God but why do you let me go into the waters? He says, "I just enter the waters, I'll be with you." &gt;&gt; As long as I'm with Jesus, &gt;&gt; no matter what I'm going I'm going through. &gt;&gt; Whatever comes upon me and I feel so squeezed, I always say, "God, are you with me?" That's all I want to know. &gt;&gt; Are you with me? Because I want to know, is it me? I brought this upon myself. Oh, you are with me. Now &gt;&gt; touching Jesus is all that matters. &gt;&gt; I just feel it's now sorted. &gt;&gt; As long as says we are together in this jurious I say that's good enough for me. He entered into the fire when their hope was taken away. They said that our God will deliver us but they had a 50/50. But even if if now that was a point of doubt even if he doesn't deliver us there was a possibility it means they didn't have complete faith that they are going to be delivered from the furnace but they said God can deliver us but even if in other words we know he can deliver but we know he can still leave us in the furnace. There was a 50/50 when all hope was taken away. God was in the fire. &gt;&gt; I say the fire could not burn them. The troubles cannot consume you if you are with Jesus. Is it you are bound to go through it but it's not going to consume you. It's not going to consume you. He's just right there with you. The prodigal son as when he came back to his father just look into yourself. He said I'm not worthy to be one of your sons. Make me one of your servants, the hired servants, because I just want to eat food. He as long as I can get a job that can give me food. Uh-uh. Not that. He says just if I can get food just make one of your hard servants. All hope that he can be a son was taken away because of his own sins. &gt;&gt; Your sins drag you of the faith. All the faith they take it away. So he says, "I'm no longer fit to be your son. I'm just make me a hardy servant. Have no hope to be a son anymore." But the father says ah just bring the nice robe put around him bring the ring put around him because this one has always been a son. &gt;&gt; So it's God does not change his mind on the believer. &gt;&gt; A believer is not a believer because he wants to be a believer but he's a believer because God ordained him to be a believer. &gt;&gt; That one is just good enough. I'm not a Christian because I want to be a Christian. Uh-uh. I'm a Christian because God wants me to be a Christian. It's what God wants, not what I want. It was against my will. Amen. Lazarus, your friend is sick. Lord, come and heal him. But Jesus did not go. Jesus did not move. He just continue with his own things. Your testimony, our testimonies don't have to come the same. God is a God of miracles. But you read the Bible, each miracle had a different formula. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; So don't look and say as it was with Julia, so shall it be with me. You will get but not the same procedure. He is a god of different is a god of variety. It cannot become say ah you know God wants to make your testimony special say which color of eyes do you want blue eyes but others but m got eyes also others were born blind but he does not say you want which color of eyes he wants to specialize your testimony your testimony has to be special packed when you are giving gifts you you packed a You say this this one does you you cannot make for me. He said oh my good husband the the cake was blue for the graduation again you bring the cake for my birthday another birthday blue cake. is sister. &gt;&gt; It cannot be he has the way he makes the testimony look beautiful. &gt;&gt; He beautifies the testimony. So the the the miracles that God does for us come in different ways. All you have to do is to believe for a miracle &gt;&gt; but don't figure out how the miracle is going to happen. That's right. &gt;&gt; Do you know God can do anything for you as long as you need it? &gt;&gt; My bike. My bike. The front tire. I I I could pump in the pressure. The next day it goes out. I said, "God, I don't have money to fix this now in my heart, but fix it for me in my heart." Next time I bumped in, it was fixed. I didn't fix any. What am I saying? I needed the bike. Says, this sister says, "This this garment is too short. It doesn't fit. God increased it." What am I saying? If if if you need it, it supplies all your needs, &gt;&gt; not your wants. The problem you concentrate on your wants, not the needs. And God concentrates on the needs. That's why your mind is different from what he is minding about you. But if you look at the need, you will be testifying. &gt;&gt; You would be testifying. But you ask a miss to spend it upon your lust. Then he says that's why you don't receive. It means you are asking your wants. &gt;&gt; Ask your needs. &gt;&gt; Look brother, he didn't go there. Lazarus died. Now I can go there. brother, he can just leave anything happen. One thing I learned about God, he does to me whatever he wants to do. How do they call it? What they make out of clay? The vessel cannot say to the potter, why why do you make me like this? Why do you make me like this? Ah, come on. Come on. You are a vessel. God does with you whatever he wants to do. &gt;&gt; And it is not questionable. &gt;&gt; I show mercy to whom I will show mercy. Why? Come on, God. These people all need mercy. He says I I show mercy to whom I will show mercy. Period. No question. But all need mercy. All need mercy. All have a need. But he says I give to whom I want to give. God is God and he remains a God. When he makes a decision He doesn't question. He doesn't ask what should I do with this. He is a sovereign decision maker. Four days Lazarus has died. Then Jesus comes. Why? Why did Jesus just speak the word? say, "Oh, Lazalas is sick. Lazarus be healed." He was going to be healed. &gt;&gt; Why did he let him die? Then he comes after 4 days when all hope is taken away. Lord, he stinkketh. He can let your condition to stink. It becomes worse from bad to worse, from worse to worse. And God is watching, watching. And people are crying and people are mourning, lamenting, and God is watching. Do you know why? God knows what he's going to do, but the people don't know. That is cry. But when he came for days, he said, "Lord, he's thinking." There's no more testimony can come out of this. We can't no more testify because we were going to testify he was healed. But God was magnifying that testimony. &gt;&gt; That's why he says, Yet not yes David said I saw the wicked prosper and it grieved me but God showed him the end of the wicked and said I didn't know this is the end of the wicked coet not your yours is coming in a different way others he was healing but Lazarus he wanted to raise What difference does it make? It is all healing. But this one I want to raise him from the dead. When all hope is taken away, it is his time to show his wonders, his marvelous works. Remember, he does as he pleases. Abraham against hope. He believed on hope. God let him have no child over and over until all hope was taken away. Dead. The womb of Sarah is dead. Abraham is all gone. And now God says that now it's time to have this child. It's time to have the child. What was God doing all through his wonders to perform? his wonders to perform. So when it is as I'm getting finished here, when it is you can't get under it, over it, whatever it might be, you are going to go through it and come out with victory. &gt;&gt; When there is no hope for anything, when there is it seems like it can't come back to life, when it looks like nothing can be done anymore, something can be done. And God can do something. &gt;&gt; God can bring life to a dead thing. God can build a testimony from zero. &gt;&gt; Because by his word, things that are were made from things that do not appear, from things that are not. It's not about what you can do. It's about what he can do. If you can't do it, you a good candidate for a miracle. &gt;&gt; Therefore, you quit trying. Let God take over. Let go and let God. It's not about whether you are still holding. It's about him holding you. &gt;&gt; Remember, all things will fail, but his word will never fail. Our God knows not defeat. When all hope is taken away and you reach a point whereby you say, "Brother, that thing will change it. I think we can't go any further with this. I think we can't do this anymore. I think this one we didn't think well. I think this one when all hope is taken away, &gt;&gt; just remember, just remember God knows no defeat &gt;&gt; and God does not literate. Shall we stand on our feet? Be of good courage. God spake unto Joshua when all the river God pointed the way. Jordan and cross both things seemed impossible. W as divide as they march and oy rivers you think are uncrossable. Not any mountains you can't through. God special lies in things thought impossible and he will do what no other can do. Battles to win. They would meet with their obstacles. Jericho was who must fall to the ground. God never fed his stood back his promises as they mar. Oh God rivers you think are uncrossable. But any mountains you come. &gt;&gt; Oh God special lies in things impossible and he will do what other can do. God is the same and is why is dependable. He make a way through the world just for you. Life situations by him are menable. Mountains and hills they will part forth. My brother, sister, rivers you make are unosable mountain to God. God's special lives is all impossible and he will do what I can do. Golden River special. I wonder why I've been Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Let's give the Lord and clap for praise tonight. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, he made a way. You made a way. When a bow against the wall and it closes. over you made a way and we're standing here and we're standing here only because you &gt;&gt; Oh, you made a Will you make our way? You made our way. When I bounce against the wall and it looked as if it was over you made our way. We are standing here &gt;&gt; only because you Oh, you better you made a way. I wait when I bounce against the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made my way. only because you made our way mountain &gt;&gt; with your power with Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You are for me. There is nothing. I see every standing here. Only because you made you move mountain. One more time. You move mountain. You cause walls to fall. With your power upon me, there is nothing more and there is only because you made our way. You made a way to do. Oh, you made our way. You better way. And I stand here only because you may just speak to the Lord tonight. Lift up your hand, your voice, and speak to him. Hallelujah. Oh, you made a way. He makes a way when there's no way. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. I'm sorry. Heat. Heat. N. Bless you. Christ. Jesus. Heat. Heat. Change my heart. Oh God, make it true. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like you. Change, change my heart, oh God. Make it ever true. Change my heart. Oh God. Oh yes. May I be like you? You are the potter. Oh, I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. You are the port. You are the water. I am the clay. I am the clay. Mold me, Lord. Mold me and make me Oh, this is what I pray. One more time. Change my heart. Change my heart. Oh God, change my heart. Make it to change my heart. Change my heart, oh God. Oh, may I be like you. May I be like you. You are the port, dear Lord. You are the port. Oh Lord, I'm the grave. I am the grave. Mold me and make me. Hold me and make me. Oh dear Lord, this season I pray. Sing that last stanza one more time. You are the potter. You are the poor. Oh, somebody help me sing it to him now. I am the clay. I am the clay.
