################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - 25-0326E Compassions of God  Bro Busobozi Talemwa  Midweek Service - Busobozi Talemwa.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-26
Title:    25-0326E Compassions of God || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Midweek Service
Speaker:  Busobozi Talemwa
Church:   Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgwLY-8mG-g
========================================

Description:
Subscribe for our YouTube for Live Services: https://youtube.com/@dvfellowship?si=iBBxHyQNrA-tVU4w
Visit our website at: https://dvfellowship.org/
Listen and download our audio sermons at: https://dvfellowship.podbean.com/

#dvf #worship  #sundayservice #service #wednesdayservice  #sundaylivesermon #endtimemessages #worship #livesermon #livestream #daysofthevoicefellowship #endtimemessage #williammarrionbranham #ThemessageoftheHour
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. There is like Hallelujah. Good heavenly father, we are before you for the throne of grace. Lord, we want to praise your name. Lord, thank you so much for this great opportunity, Lord. You've given us Lord to be once again in your presence, Father. Lord, Lord Jesus, we dedicate ourselves, Lord, into your hands, Father. May you come and be with us, Lord, this evening. Your presence come down, Lord Father. Minister to our hearts, Lord, minister to our needs, Father. Lord, Father, may you come, Lord Jesus, and change, Lord, Father, everything, Lord, about us, Lord. Lord Jesus, we leave this is not the same. I pray Lord for each and everyone here. Lord, bless every one of us, Father. And those that are not yet here, Father, bless them, Lord Jesus, as they come, Father. Bless Lord Jesus, your servant, Lord, that will minister to your children this evening, Father. Bless him, Lord Jesus, and use him, Lord, in a special way. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. [Music] Amen. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord once again? Amen. Oh, let's talk about Jesus. The king of kings is he the Lord of the lost throughout eternity. The great I am the way that the light the do. Let's talk about [Music] Jesus. Let's talk about Jesus the king of king is he that lord of lord free throughout eternity. I great I am the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus more. Let's talk about Jesus, the King of Kings. Is he the Lord of laws free throughout eternity, the great I am the way, the truth, the life, the door. Let's talk about Jesus. [Music] Oh, let's talk about Jesus. The king of kings is here. The loss pre throughout eternity the great I am the way the truth the life do let's talk about Jesus spoken more let me walk blessed Lord in the way thou has gone leading straight to the line I bow Oh, giving you everywhere to the Lord. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with I heaven and down, it let me go all the while in a song and just in my way every day with love. Keep me close to the side of my savior and let me never in [Music] darkness free from wrath and my soul satisfied. My way every day with love. Oh, fill my [Music] way with love. And as I walk with our head and lead down. Oh yes, let me go all the while with a song and that's fine. Feel my way every day with love. Oh soon the rest will be over no more. I abide in my home, my [Music] ab. Oh, let me sing. Bless the king to the soul. Feel my way every day with love. And fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly [Music] det with a song and a smile my way every day with [Music] love my [Music] [Applause] brother our loved ones we shall we shall meet up on the god We have people in town. We are strangers here. We are seeking a city to come. The life soon is coming together. We are flinging down the stream of time. We have gone long to stay. The stormy clouds of darkness we turn to brightest day. Then let our soul take our for we are not left alone. Life god soon is coming together. So then you're my [Music] brother upon the garden show. We have big dreams on his city to come. The life of soul is coming to gather. Sometimes the devil tells me I say is all in vain to try to live a Christian life and walk in Jesus name. But then we hear the master say I'll let you help me. And if you only trust me, I guide you to then share my brother shall we shall we shall meet upon the cage show. We are penguins and we are strangers. Yeah, we are seeking a city to come. The lifeblood soon is coming to gather the Jew. The lifeb is coming by eyes of faith. I see as she through the water rescue and [Music] me in our friends we love so get ready cries. Oh, she's almost here. And my brother, I try. We shall meet upon the garden show. We are big on this window. We are seeking a city. The life god is time together. The Jew is home. Now's the time to get on board when she is passing by. But if you stand and wait too long, shout for [Music] every one in me to come and get up. Oh yes. My [Music] brother shall we shall meet upon the garden show. Yeah. We are seeking a city to come. The life of soon is coming together. One more time. Sing it. [Music] shall meet upon the good show. Free as the king has to [Music] do together. I've got my mind made up and I want back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind better and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind. I've got my mind made up and I want him back. See my Jesus someday. I've got my mind open and I want back forever. See my Jesus someday. Goodbye world. Goodbye world. Stand along with you. Goodbye of sin. I stand no longer with you. up my mind. God's way the rest of my [Music] life up my mind to go away the rest of my goodbye [Music] world. Yes, I saw with you. Goodbye pleasures of sea. I s no longer with you. I made up my mind to conquer the way the rest of my life. Oh yeah. To go goes away the rest of my life. Oh, born again. I know you're born again. Yes, I'm born again. Lord, I'm born again. Thank God I'm born again. Oh, born of the spirit of the blood. Thank God. I'm born again. Oh, born again. the spirit on the blind. I'm good. I'm born again. Oh, born born again. I'm going again. Born again. Born again. Thank God I'm born again. Oh, born of the spirit and the blood. I'm born. I'm born again. Oh, born of the spirit and the blood. I'm born. I'm born again. Hallelujah. Praise God. Once again, I greet you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Are you happy to be here? Praise God. Just greet the brother, the sister next to you. Shake their hands. Say you are welcome in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh, I've been happy. I've been happy since the Lord brought me out. If it had not been for Jesus, oh way, I'd be glad that the Lord broke me out. Oh, I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. If he had known me for Jesus, so I could be. I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. Yes, I've been singing since the Lord brought me out. Yes, I've been singing since the Lord draw me out. Oh [Music] yes, Jesus. Where are I? I'm so glad that the Lord brought me out. I've been dancing. I've been dancing since the Lord brought me out. I've been dancing. I've been dancing since since the Lord broke me out. It had no heart for Jesus. So where could I be? I'm so glad I know from I'm so glad. I'm so glad [Music] I Oh, I'm so glad from me. Oh yes it be for Jesus. Oh, I would I be so glad you for there is power, power, wonder working power in the blood. Precious life. There is power, power, wondering power in the most precious blood. There is [Music] healing in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is healing in me. Wonder what can be in the most precious blood of the lamb. There is miracles. There is miracles. Miracles. Miracles in the blood. Precious blood of the lamb. Oh, there is miracles. Miracles. know I can [Music] mirac there is freedom freedom I know I can in the most precious light [Music] Oh, there is blessing blessings. Wonder why can't I see Jesus lot of oh very blessing let's see wonder what kills in the most precious [Music] light there is power there is power power walking power in the Now they all use their release power when the working power in the most precious [Music] power. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Amen. God hallelujah. So good. Hallelujah. Stop. Oh my God. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worthy. Worship God. Hallelujah. Worship God. Worship God. Hallelujah. Worship God. Hallelujah. Oh, praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Hallelujah. Praise God. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name. Blessed be the name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. We have overcome. Oh, we have overcome. We have overcome. We have overcome. Satan's power. Oh, we have overcome. We have overcome. We have overcome Satan's power. Glorify your name. Oh, we glorify your name. Glorify the name of the Lord. Oh yes, we glorify the name. Glorify the name. Oh, glorify the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We glorify the name of the Lord. for the Lord. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We glorify the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We glorify the name of the Lord. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We glorify the name. Amen. Why don't you just speak to him in a moment? Just speak to him everyone. Bless his name. Worship him. Give him all the worship. Hallelujah. He has brought you safe. Bless. Just give him thanks and glorify his name. Thank him for this wonderful moment that he has given you and me to be here. Where would we be this evening if it wasn't for him? If it hasn't been for his grace and mercy. Just worship his name and praise him. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you Lord. [Music] Thank you. Thank you. [Music] [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Music] name of Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] James. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord and [Music] I told It's coming. [Music] Lord, draw me [Music] Lord. Draw me Lord. [Music] And I run after you after sing around. I'll tell you. Yes. Draw me. Oh, draw me Lord. Oh, draw me Lord. Oh, draw me, Lord. And I run after you. Yes. Around after you sing around. After you sing, draw me. Let it be a prayer this evening. Draw me Lord. Draw me [Music] Lord. Draw me Lord. And I run after you. Yes, I run the way down. After you run. After you draw me, oh draw me, [Music] Lord, draw me, [Music] Lord, draw me, Lord, [Music] And I'll [Music] run after you. And I'll run after. Yes. I run after you sing down. [Music] Once more time [Applause] [Music] around your touch again, Lord. I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my friend. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are afraid. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need Lord. I need your touch again, Lord. I need your time to give. I need your grace. I need Oh, I need to know. You are great. Lord, I need your touch again. Sing. Lord, I need you. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need I need your touch again. I need your strength. I need to know you are [Music] free [Music] to touch. Yes, I need you this Lord touch again. I need your grace. Your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are. Lord, I need your touch again. Sing it again. Your heart. Lord, I need your touch. All you [Music] need [Music] to [Music] do once again and hold I need your touch again, Lord. I need your touch again. I need your gra. I need your strength. I need to know you are Lord. I need your touch again, Lord. I [Music] need I need your touch again, Lord. I need [Applause] you. Your touch again. I need your strength. You know you are. Oh Lord, I need your touch. Give me your prayer. Sing it once more time. Lord, I need your touch again. Lord, I need I need your touch again. I need your grace. I need your strength. I need to know you are my dream. Lord, I need you to be Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Would I be you only know? I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless dream, an empty place. If not, where would I be? You wrote me how you see through eyes of [Music] love for gra. You walking on you see your eyes are [Music] open and [Music] empty for me. [Music] Amazing. How sweet the sound. I once was alone and now I'm found to [Music] be once again amazing. [Music] How sweet the sound. Once was now my hope is my [Music] deepest gracious. Please take my [Music] hand and give me. [Music] Oh precious Lord [Applause] Jesus my lead and Receive our lipst. [Music] Precious Lord we [Music] say we [Applause] are [Music] sing for like me. You are all you [Music] need. I'm glad you see me through eyes of love. A hopeless gate, an empty place. If God for me, who would I be? If you me know, I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless [Music] kiss, an empty place. Keep for grace. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Sweet sound. I once was alone, [Music] but now I'm found. Thank God for that grace. I [Music] hope he not for gracious Lord, please take my hand. Now lead me on and let me [Music] standless an empty place for [Music] gra an empty [Music] no. Yes, he knows my name. Let's sing that song as our pastor comes. Hallelujah. Do you believe he knows your name this evening? Amen. I have a [Music] maker before my [Music] heart. Before even time began my life for his. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees you thy voice and he hears me where I go. He knows my name. He knows my name. Knows my name. My [Music] every [Music] single I have a father. I have a father. [Music] He pulls me on and never leave me. Never leave me. Oh, no matter where I go. [Music] Oh, he knows. He knows my name. [Music] Hallelujah. I'm glad he knows. He knows my every thought. He see me fall and hear me. When I call, hear me when I go. He me when I go. Tell him once again, he hears me when I go. He me when I [Music] go. Let us call upon him to call him. Our kind, tender heavenly father. We are so honored to be in your presence this evening. Our hearts are desperate and longing after you as a dear pant after the waters. We are longing for you this evening, Lord. That as we have come in your presence, we know that you have our issues taken care of. As we have come in your presence, we know you have a table sprayed where we are going to be fed. We shall go back at home rejoicing and we will be saying that our hearts burn within us. as the Lord spoke to us tonight. Father, may you grant that for we have come thirsting and desperate for you. We want nothing else but [Music] you. Come and have your way, Lord. I pray that you bless those that have been able to make it to church tonight and also those that are streaming by the way of the internet. Lord, I pray that you will bless us all together. our hearts will be filled with your presence and with full assurance of your tender care towards us. We appreciate you Lord as we ask these things in God. Amen. Amen. There's a stanza that I would like us to uh start with in the one of the songs that we've sung for many years. [Music] It says, "Oh great compassion, oh boundless love, all loving kindness, faithful and true, find peace and shelter under the blood and I will pass and I will pass over you." Can we say that together? Oh great compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, faithful and true to oh find peace and shelter and the blood and I will pass. I will pass over you when I when I see the blood. See the blood. When I when I see the blood, I see the blood. When I see the blood, I will pass. I will pass over you. Sing it again. Oh with compassion, oh boundless love, oh loving kind, oh faith and find find peace and shelter under the blood. I will pass. I will pass. I want us to sing that stanza one more time. Amen. Oh great compassion. Oh boundless love, oh loving kindness, faithful and true. Oh find peace and sh. Oh I will pass I will pass over you. [Music] Oh, I see. I see the blood. I see the blood. See the blood. I see the blood of the lamb. I will pass. I will pass up. Oh, wait. I see the blood. I see the blood. Wait. I see the blood. See the blood when I I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Give the Lord a clap of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. We thank God for the blood. Amen. Shall we you turn to your Bibles? I want to greet you all of you in the name of Jesus Christ. Uh it's good to be in the house of the Lord. Can you say amen to that? Um we're going to to read once again in the book of Lamentations. We're just uh this is um something that we read but we did not have we do not emphasize on these verses. So I just wanted to for us to go through them tonight. Um chapter 3 22 23. It is of the Lord. It is sorry. It is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed because his compassions fail not. They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. Amen. You may be seated. Can I have a little more sound, brothers, please? Praise the Lord. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Let me tell you friends uh there are many things that uh come and go but the Lord and his mercies endure forever and that's why for us um it we should never take it for granted to serve the Lord to be in his house. David said that he was glad when they told him let's go to the house of God. So it is a blessing to be in the house of God and whenever you get a chance like this you have a reason to rejoice because this is the reason of our being to worship him to live for him and to be encouraged of him. There is more in Christ than you have received already. You can never hear enough sermons to hear more enough of him. You can never there is more in him. And so there is more for you tonight. And I don't want you to look like you're sad. When I look at your face, I want to see you smiling. I want you to to to to look as if you are a true genuine believer. The true genuine believer is not defined by the situations around them. A true genuine believer is defined by the word of God. Amen. Amen. Are we ready for the word tonight? I just want to speak to you on a little subject uh that I took from the verses 22. His compassions fail not. Um he called it grace there compassion. It is of the Lord his mercies that we are not consumed. Okay. He call he calls it grace there. But I think you'll need to find a better word because it's not grace. It is um compassion. M so I think compassion you'd like to say uh is something like pity or or or sympathy sympathy compassion. Yeah you can call it. Amen. So the Lord it is of the Lord is mercy that we are not consumed because his compassions fail not. Because his compassions fail not. Tell your neighbor, his compassions fail not. They are new every morning. Great is thy faithfulness. On Sunday we talked about the faithfulness of God. But tonight I want us to talk about his compassion and he says that his compassions fail. Now you know it is of the Lord's mercies that we are not consumed. The devil would have desired to destroy me to destroy you. He planned, you know, he planned to bury, like I talked to you on Sunday, he tried to bury us in many toms. And he has tried. He keeps trying. And he has not tried only us. He has also tried those before us who were walking in the path that we are walking in. Right from the very beginning in the book of Genesis, There have been those three those three things that the enemy has always wanted to capture us in. And I I I preached on that here some about two years ago on these three things, the lust of the eyes, the lust of the flesh, and the pride of life. These have become tombs or graves for many Christians. Buried in the last of the eyes, buried in the lust of the flesh, buried in the pride of life. And each of these things is different. And we we find it in the book of Genesis. That's what that tree was. it it was you know it is defined as a tree that would make one [Music] wise and good for food and and good for the eyes. So you see those three things are there still and when we come later on Jesus also is first with the same three temptations tonight I'm not talking about those but maybe just for a little highlight for you then Jesus when he is tempted by these three things because he was God he overcame you remember how the enemy tempted him and wanted to bury him in the lust for food and the lust of the flesh. You see, and also you wanted to bury him in the lust of the eyes. When he told him, see, all these things you see are mine. But if you bow down and worship me, I give it to you. What was that? It was the last of the eyes. But you see, Jesus overcame that, too. He overcame the lust of the flesh when he said you come do not tempt the Lord thy God. And you know then then the devil changed and he said he took him to the high pinnacle. And for your information it was not Jesus and the devil walking side by side. Sometimes you want to do imagery. It was not Jesus and the devil walking side by side. It was only Jesus but the devil coming in his mind. The same way he comes to you every day is the same way he attacked Jesus. And the same way Jesus overcame him is the same way we are to overcome him and so he took him to the high pinnacle. So what was that? Jesus was being tempted. Where was Satan? in his mind. So Jesus will began walking and went to the high pinnacle and Satan told him jump. Didn't he promise in his word that he would send angels to catch you that you not even dash your foot against a stone? But you see, he overcame that too. He never jumped. That was the pride of life. Friends, I tell you, Jesus overcame every one of these tombs and and whatever that the devil wanted to bury him in. And then he thought he had overcame him with death. But even in death, Jesus was still victorious because when he died, he still rose again. I am so glad we serve a risen savior. I'm so glad we serve a living God. And the Bible says his compassion fail not. It is of the Lord's mercies we were not consumed. Meaning we too might have been consumed like the many in the world are consumed by these things. But it is of the Lord's mercies you are not consumed. It is of the Lord's mercies I am not consumed. In Malachi 3:6 says, "For I am the Lord. I change not." Therefore, ye sons of Jacob are not consumed. Don't worry about what you're going through right now. Amen. He says, "I am the Lord. I change not." Meaning, because of who you are, you will not be consumed. You are sons of Jacob because you But I want to call you not sons of Jacob but sons of God because you are sons of God. You are not consumed. Amen. A believer stands in that shity knowing I cannot be [Music] consumed. That's what David was walking in. As he saw the things he was going through, as he saw what he had gone through in his life, then he began singing or he began rehearsing those words. And we have sung this. We have read this psalm many times. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. Amen. Just take your Bible and read it with me if you can. Praise the name of the Lord. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadth me beside the still waters. Are you there? I think we have the words here, brother. I'd like us to read these words together and remind ourselves of these things. If you're streaming, do the same thing with us. Psalms 23. The Lord is my shepherd. Are you there? 1 2 3 go. The Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures. He leadth me beside a still waters. He restoreth my soul. He leadth me in the path of righteousness for his name's sake. Yeah. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. For thou art with me, thy road and thy staff, they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of my enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over. Surely goodness and mercies shall follow me all the days of my life. And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever. This was a man that had revelation on who he was. Amen. He said, "Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil. Our adversary seeks to devour us. But you see, if you are a true genuine believer, you will always fear no evil. Does it mean evil will never come? Evil will come. Does it mean temptation will never come? Temptation will come every day. But you have no fear. You have no fear for those things. Why? Because you know where you are standing. I want you to see what uh Peter spoke in in 1 Peter 5. He says, "Humble yourselves there for the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time, casting all your care upon him. For he carth for you. He carth for you. Be sober. Be vigilant because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour whom resist steadfast steady in the faith. Brethren, we have to remain steady in the faith. You know what steady means? Steady means unshakable. Things come and just hit on you and go away, but you remain there like a rock of ages. Jesus is the rock of ages. He was hit by everything, but he remained there. We don't serve God when we happy because good things are happening in our lives. We are happy to serve the Lord because God is uh is our fountain of life and is our foundation where we stand. So the source of our life you know life or that life is unending. You know people in the world are happy because of situations and they are sad because of situations. If you think good things have happened that day, oh this day has been good. But if things have happened that have not been good for you, you you even don't want to pray. You don't even want to come to church. Even when you come, you look as if someone has slapped [Music] you. What is it, brother? Things have not been well. Let me hear and see if the preacher will say something me and I feel better. You don't know who you are. But if you know who you are, you are going to stand there as a rock of ages. things will just knock on you and fall aside because you know who you are. It is because of who I am that has made me to remain standing. Needs will come and they go. Temptations will come and they will go. Time will come and it will go. People will come and they will go. Money will come and it will go. School will come and it will go. Things will come and they will go. Houses will come and they will go. I I'm telling you, things change. Time is filled with swift transition. And friends, you cannot rely on things. You cannot put your faith in things. You see whether you are blessed or not blessed, whether you are you have received your prayer or you have not, whether you are healed or you are not, you have to stand there as a solid rock of ages. The Bible says be sober, be vigilant. By the way, this is how you are able to know a true genuine believer. Amen. When you are going through the storms of life, you know, but you you are holding on, you are not holding on the boat. It is the anchor holding you. There is an anchor that every ship has. When the waves come to beat the ship, you know, they will throw that anchor and that anchor will hold. So the storms will beat the sheep. But the sheep will remain standing because of that anchor because of that anchor. If a sheep has no anchor, it will it will just drown. But you are not drowning because the anchor holds. It is of the Lord his mercies. We are not consumed. What are his mercies? His mercies are the anchor to our soul. Be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, your adversary is not your husband. He's not your wife. He's not your enemy. It's not your friend. Your adversary is the devil. We are contending with the devil. Don't leave the ring. Stay in the ring. Stay in the battle. And you see, you're not fighting with your brother, with your sisters, with your friends. You are fighting with the devil. Stay in the ring. You see, the Bible says your adversary is the what? The devil. He is as a roaring lion. He's not a lowering lion. He is as a roaring lion. He is not a roaring lion. Jesus is the roaring lion. The Bible calls him the lion of the tribe of Judah. And I said he has prevailed. Amen. But we see that the devil behaves as a roaring lion. He wants to scare you. He wants to threaten you. But do not accept to be threatened. Do not accept to be moved. Don't look at me as if I'm preaching to a rock. Say amen to the word. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. He is as a roaring lion. He walketh about seeking whom he may devour. whom resist steadfast in the faith, steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the [Music] world. Praise the name of the Lord. The same afflictions that are afflicting your brothers that are in the world are the same afflictions afflicting. What is your affliction? Don't think it is only you going through what you're going through. Others in the world that are believers are going through the same thing. Some things what is your problem? Some some people want to always make others feel that they are the only one suffering. There is others going through the same suffering you're going through. The Bible said there are others other brethren in the world that are going through the same [Music] affliction. That's why he said resist the devil but be steady in the faith. Amen. Stand steady without wavering. Tell your neighbor not stand still. Hold on to the rock of ages. Amen. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. I'm here to tell you, brethren, we are going to wither the storm. You are going to wither the storm. Amen. We we sang a song here. He's the master of the wind. We are going to weather this storm of life. Oh, I will be so happy, brother. when we are beyond a storm and I will meet you and you will meet me and we shall see each other and amen we shall have overcome. I will rejoice and you will rejoice. I will hug you and you will hug me including you sisters who shall hug one another because you would have overcome the storms of life. I am so glad I'm going to go over there. I cannot wait to go over there across the bridge. But for now, I have to resist the devil steadfast in the faith. But the God of all grace, who has called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, After that you have suffered a while make you perfect. Amen. Amen. You accept to suffer a little while. Don't cuss Jesus. Love Jesus more in your trial. Love Jesus more in the storm. love Jesus more in the problems because I will tell you he's a compassionate friend. He understands where no one understands. He feels you more than anyone feels you. He's a compassionate friend. Amen. And after you have suffered a while, he is going to perfect you. He is going to establish you. He's going to strengthen you and he's going to settle you. He's going to settle you. Amen. Amen. Amen. He's going to settle you. To him be glory and dominion forever. That's why we should allow him to have dominion. Dominion in our life. Dominion in our life. You know until you get to that place where you understand you are the property of Jesus you will never have him to have dominion. I am his property. I am his. Let him do with me whatever he desires. I am willing to serve him. In suffering I will serve him in death. I will serve him in hell. I will serve him. If the devil scares me, I'll take you to hell. Even in hell, I would serve you. That's what brother Bam said that he would rather be found in heaven, you know, as a dat. It's not about self glory and lifting yourself. And wherever you go, you are going to serve him. If the devil scares you to take you to hell that should not threaten you. I am his property. If he has sinned, that's where he should take me that I should go and there for his glory. I'll go there for his glory. Then the devil will be out of ammunition. He cannot scare you with anything. He cannot scare you with anything. Meaning a believer is such a person that knows no fear. What is your fear? It is nothing before God. Amen. God said he will settle you. He will strengthen you. He will establish you. He will perfect you. Amen. And let him have dominion in your life. Hallelujah. Whatever he wants to do with you. And many times he takes us through hell on this earth and you feel like you're forsaken and you feel like no one understands what you're going through. Many times, many times believers think that a believer's journey is going to be very smooth. No, the Christian journey is the most rough journey. Because he is molding us for something better. I don't know about you, but he's molding me. I have a better home beyond the reason. our wealth is not supposed to be here on earth. Whatever we receive here down payment but what we are going to receive our payment our reward is beyond the reward and he says his compassions fail not. Now compassion in itself means sympathetic pity and and concern for the sufferings or misfortunes of [Music] others. Oh, when someone loses a loved one, oh sorry, you know, you're having compassion for them. Someone's house is burned. You know you, oh sorry. And then you bring money and oh sorry, oh sorry, sorry. If someone has been hurt by someone and you know you just come and maybe hug them or tap them on the shoulder, say sorry, sorry or maybe cry on for them. That is compassion. You feel for someone Now the Bible says here that his compassions they fail not. Now it is not exactly the way we think our human compassion is. But let's let's carry on. I want us to see the kind of compassion that he's talking about that does not fail because the compassion of Jesus does not fail. Whoever he has compassion on, he will settle them. He will establish them. He will strengthen them. He perfect them after they have suffered. He will have compassion upon them. And then he will make you know like on Sunday we're talking about Israel how they went through a tough time how they suffered how you know they had been taken away as captives from from you know to Babylon from Israel because of their sin. But then we see here in lamentation prophet Jeremiah crying and then we talked about God actually crying in Jeremiah. And then he begins to speak these words. And then he begins to say the Lord is mercies because of these mercies we are not consumed because his compassions fail not. So in other words, he knew because of the compassions of the Lord, Israel will not be utterly destroyed throughout their suffering. God will carry them and bring them back in their homeland. And in the same way, even as today in the New Testament church, the compassions of the Lord fail not. Now, to us as a church, but to you as an individual, what we are talking about today, it will help you in your Christian journey. I stopped years ago to preach sermons which will make you happy. I always wait upon God for something that will build your Christian life. So we just listen carefully. These these things are meant to build your your spiritual life for you to understand your personal by the Christianity. is not a collective kind of worship. Listen, it is a personal walk. If you in your personal walk with the Lord, you are not able to be a Christian, you will never be a Christian in your personal walk. the things you're suffering as an individual. Forget about jumping, clapping, and shouting and everything. I'm talking about when the heat comes on you. You are there in the world. You are there at home or you are you are there in the real things in the real life from the in about a few minutes you're going to leave this place. You know that's when you the heat is going to come on and then you realize that this is now your real life. These things that we hear here things supposed to take us through that life. I want you to look at John chapter 5. After this, there was a feast of the Jews. And Jesus went up to Jerusalem. And now and there is um at Jerusalem by the sheep market a pool which is called in the Hebrew tongue batha having five porches. In in these lay a great multitude of important folk of blind, hold withered, waiting for the moving of the water. For an angel went down at a certain season into the pool and troubled the water. Whosoever then fast after the troubling of the water stepped in was made whole of whatsoever disease he had. And a certain man was there which had an infirmity 30 and 80 years. This is real life. I'm talking about something really that someone experienced. When Jesus saw him lie and knew that he had been now a long time in that case, he saith unto him, W thou be made whole, the impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man when the water is troubled to put me in the into the pool, but while I am coming, another stepeth down before me. Jesus said unto him, Rise, take up thy bed, and walk. And immediately the man was made whole and took up his bed and walked and on the same day was the Sabbath. Now I I have many things to say on that but I'll just right away because of time read this quote for you in the message Jesus Christ is the same yesterday today and forever. He says, "Now into this pool where where you go to the pool and great multitudes of the impotent folk laid there of lame, hot, blind, withered, waiting for the moving of the water, waiting for an angel to come down in a certain season and trembled and troubled the water. Whoever stepping in first was made whole of whosoever disease he had." Look here. Come Jesus. Let's dramatize this just a moment. Here is a woman standing there with a little baby with a water head about like like that. Here is a poor old daddy with arthritis standing there an old blind mother screaming there. And anyone that's ever read the Bible history, the book of of the matters, the foxes books of matters, Joseph was writing that they even stabbed one another trying to get into that pool [Music] fast. When the angel came in the water, they would even stab one another, try and pull and be the first to get healed. Are you hearing me? So, so they would get healed of whatever disease he had. Some of them laughed at it. Said the wind just changed around the wall trouble the [Music] water. But they believed it was an angel. I believe it was an angel and they stepped into the pool. God has always had some resource of healing for the people. Amen. Since he fell from sin, oh, and and and sickness came into the world, God is had some way. God has always had some way of healing the people in every generation. You know, he put up a a brass serpent. He put up a pawn, a prophet, something somewhere and the people got healed. And this great troubling of the pool, the waters moving around being troubled. Then Jesus comes by this audience of people. Here he come now. The very was in Christ recognizing the world to himself. Here is God Jehovah dwelling in his son Christ Jesus moving by this pool of water. And now he asks a question. Do you believe he was full of love? Do you believe he had compassion on the people? Watch him pass that only crippled up further there. We screaming and begging for help. He passed and him passing through there and his garments full of virtue but passed right by him by just touching that man. That man would have been healed. That man would have been healed. That problem would have been solved. But he passed one by one. And this is a man full of compassion. And the Bible says his compassion fail not. But now here we see in the middle of all these people thousands suffering people. He never delivered any of them. This mother with a baby with a water head. passed by right. This poor old man standing there blind crying for mercy pass right there. He went on his way among that multitude of people until he come to a man laying on a [Music] pallet and watch now you will get say Jesus knew that he would been a long time in this case. If he had compassion, why did he catch some of those poor lame hold blind without waiting for the troubling of the water? And he moving right around every one of them. moving right among like that full of love, full of compassion, passing every one of them. I I got the Messiah looking like pretty dark before you now, haven't I? And then he says, look like if he was full of love, he would have had mercy. He would have healed some of those people. And that's what the critics of divine healing fail to see today. Their eyes are blind to the truth. Let's have a real talk. Why didn't Jesus heal those people? Yet he was full of mercy. Yet he was full of compassion. But he just passed. He just went through them. Maybe the problem is our definition of compassion. Maybe our problem is uh the definition of mercy. I wanted to hear what the prophet says and defines it in the message that this day this scriptures fulfilled. He was a man of compassion. But yet we fail sometime to understand what compassion is. and then you know God doesn't take you out of your situation after crying after praying after fasting and then you say God take me out of it and he doesn't take you out and then you get angry with God you say now I'm not even because he's not full of compassion the problem is your definition of compassion He left the blind. He left the the lame. He loved the widow. He loved the crying mother. He passed all of them. Yet he was so full of compassion. And then he went and when he reached this man lying on a palace, immediately he began speaking to him. Now, not human sympathy. It isn't compassion, but compassion is doing the will of God. Compassion is doing the will of God. The will of God. God, take me out of this fight. And he doesn't. Does it mean he does he doesn't mean he's not compassionate? Oh, he's still a compassionate friend. Even when you are in the fire in the fire, worship him. Amen. Because he's a compassionate friend. But then he will walk right out and then take someone out of the fire. Why? Because it is the will of God. The compassion of God is doing the will of God. When when Jeremiah was praying and speaking and he said, "God, his mercies are endless." What he says is the compassion failed not. But yet the children of Israel at the same time of lamenting they were in in in in in Babylon suffering. And it was the will of God for them to be there because they had disobeyed God. But it was not going to be forever. It was going to be for a season. The Bible says your suffering. which is for a season after it has finished. Then he will do what? He will establish you. He will settle you. He will grant you. You see, but there is a season. Why? Because he's molding something within you. And to them it was a season of 70 years. And a man of God jumped up and down and began talking about the mercies of God, began talking about the compassions of God. But yet God did not take them out because the season was not complete. The season had to be complete for God to now manifest that same compassion. But now before that compassion is manifested, there is something that he has promised. He said you will not be consumed. He says because of his mercies, we are not consumed. Yes, he knows what we are going through. But before he takes us out and he shows us his compassion, he gives us the mercies to stand and go through it. He says, "Don't you worry, my son. Don't you worry, my daughter. I know you can make it. I know you can go through this. I did and you can because I did, you can too. I am in you. You can make it. You can make it. Day by day we are fighting the good fight of faith. And because of the mercies of God, we are not consumed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And we see here. This man was lying on a pallet. He passed through the pool of based at the gate. There are laid people. Multitudes of them. Multitude is not just is not is not certain number. But there multit. And he had come, he had compassion on the people always. And he went to one person that was not lame. that was not blind, that was not whole, that was not withered. Maybe he had a prostate trouble. Maybe he had some little infirmity that was He had it for 38 years. It wasn't going to bother him. It wasn't going to kill him anymore. He was laying on a pallet. And he said, "Will thou be made whole? And a man said, "I have nobody to put me in the water, but while I'm coming, someone steps down ahead of me." So he could walk. So he could walk. He could see, he could get around, but he was just feeble. And Jesus said unto him, "Rise up, take up your bed, and go to your house." And Jesus was questioned on that. For you remember the scripture said this. No wonder if he would come to Jeffersonville tonight and make an act like that, they would still talk about him. If Jesus would come to here and do the same thing, you would say if he has healed that one, why didn't he heal the other one? They will never understand. But remember he came to do one thing which that was the will of God. Now that's found in St. John 5:19 you will get the answer. He said very verily I say unto you. The son can do nothing in himself but what he sees the father doing that do with the son. The preacher cannot do anything for you except what God has shown him. Jesus could not do anything for you. Except what the father showed him. It's not because of the prayers. As much as we must pray, it is because of his will. Even when you pray something that is not in his will, it will not always be answered. We have to understand friends not all prayers are answered. I know one time I say that every prayer is answered and I'm not contradicting myself. Every prayer is answered but not all prayers are answered. Let me explain. Every prayer is answered because he can say no and he can say yes. But even when he says no to us it is not answered. To him it is answered. Not every answer will be a yes. Let us learn to believe in the will of God. Jesus himself had prayers which were never answered. The time he came and prayed, he said, "Father, if it is possible, take this cup away from me." But God simply looked at him and he said,"And then Jesus heard what God said." He said, "Okay, Father, not according to my will. According to your will, a believer understands. Not all prayers are answered the way we want." Hallelujah. Not every prayer is answered in our favor. Surely God answers all prayers. A believer must stay in a place of of being solid in Christ. Stand in Christ in Christ. Unmovable. Unmovable. where people will question the very thing you claim to believe and they will see your farm. If he kills me, he kills me. If I die, I die. But here I stand. Are you sure you want to go through the fire? I will go through the fire because that's the only way. If I die, I die. But I know he can save me. But if I die, I die. There are many men in the in the years past that prayed for many people and those people died and they kept on praying praying and praying. He never said that we should do it. He said he will do it. He said we should pray and believe. has come to a point whereby we don't even believe in exercising God. We no longer believe in divine healing. The the very first sign of sickness, we run to hospital. Why does the Bible say call for the elders, let them anoint you with oil and pray for you? Actually, I think was it on Sunday? My wife was just so badly after the service and and I was what what am I going to do? I had to go to the other brothers and so what what I did I I just knew cuz you know maybe I would have taken at hospital but I didn't have time. So I quickly picked up the anointing oil anointed hand prayed for her. She's 100% well now. The little boy was sick. I didn't have money and no money taking. So I said, "Dear, what you going to do? Don't allow the enemy to make you fast. Bring the baby here. I pray for the baby." So we prayed for the baby and him with oil and God healed him almost instantly. Now let me tell you friends, God is still faithful to keep his word. But it is us who lack faith in his word. But you see it has to be his will. His will shows his compassion. And here this man shouted, "Sir, I have no man." When the water is troubled, he put me into the pool. I am coming and I must die. He cried and shall I have no man. It was the will of God for him to be here for 38 years so that God can show through him his glory. Sometime God allows your situation to persist. Even after going for prayer, even after praying yourself, the situation does not go. It is all right. God is preparing to show forth his glory. When God came down, he was that man. Amen. That he had waited for all this. At one point he said, "I have no man to take me." For the first year, I have no man. For the second year, 10 years, I have no man. 20 years, I have no man. 30 years, 38 years, I have no man. But now, I want you to see this image I'm trying to paint. Now when the man arrived, he did not arrive for everybody. He arrived for this man who cried out for 38 years. I have no man. How God had come to show that his compassion failed off that after 38 years he can prove he's a compassionate friend. After 38 years he can prove he is still a healer. After 38 years he can prove he his mercies endureth forever. Maybe you are here also shouting within your heart and grumbling and mumbling. I have no man to take me out of my situation. I have no man to help me in my problem. I have no man. But I want to encourage you tonight. He is on his way. He is on his way because his compassion fell off. Hallelujah. Amen. The man is on his way. The man is on his way and when is his time to come, he will not allow anyone to delay him. That's why he says, "I come quickly." And even he says, "I come quickly." When he comes to take us in the rapture, no one will delay him. No delay. His eye is on the bride. His eye is on you. No one will delay him. That's why he will not touch this one. He will come straight to you, straight to your address, straight to your condition. Amen. He is a kind and compassionate friend. Hallelujah. Hebrews 4:14. Seeing that we have a high a great high priest that is passed into the heavens, Jesus the son of God. Let us hold fast our profession. For we have not an high priest which cannot be touched by the feeling of our infirmities. It was in all points tempted like as we are yet without sin. Let us that come boldly into the throne of grace that we may obtain mercy. Let us come boldly. Never fail to come. Let us find grace to help in time of need. In the amplified version, it says, "In as much as we believers have a great high priest, who has already ascended and passed through the heavens, Jesus, the son of God, let us hold fast our confession of faith, and cling tenaciously to our absolute trust in him as a savior. For we do not have a high priest who is unable to sympathize and understand our weaknesses and temptations. But one who has been tempted who has been temped knowing exactly how it feels to be human. Are you hearing Are you hearing me? He knows how it feels to be human in every respect as we are yet without committing any sin. Therefore, let us with privilege approach the throne of grace. That is the throne of God's gracious favor. Let us approach it with confidence, with confidence and without fear. So that we may receive mercy for our failures and find his amazing grace to help in the time of need. an appropriate blessing coming just at the right time. That's that's the compassion of God. Amen. Jesus said unto him, "Rise, take up thy bed, and walk." And immediately the man was made whole and took up his bed and walked. And on the same day was the Sabbath. Rise, take up thy bed, and walk. You see, friends, I want to show you something here. As I approach to finish in Acts 3:6, the Bible says, Peter said to the man, "Silver and gold have I none. But such as I have, I give unto thee, in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. And he took him by the right hand and lifted him up. And immediately his feet and ankle bones received strength. And he leaping up stood and walked and entered with them into the temple. walking and leaping and praising God. And all the people saw him walking and praising God, I'm showing you is the same yesterday and forever. But there's something that I want you to see. When Jesus told that man, rise up, take up your bed and walk. That was not an easy saying. But a man had to have faith for it. The time he had spent had built enough faith in him. You know what manner of man speaketh is more than the man I've been waiting for. This one has authority. He he stood up immediately and he was made whole. He took up his bed and he walked. And now the disciples are walking on the street and as they are going by the gate called beautiful. They find this beggar and this beggar was lame. But you see Peter said silver and gold we have none. But what we have we give unto you. In the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and walk. Now that is the word. That is the word. How many just believe the word? Many times is a few. But when you hear the word, it is creating something in you. And then see this man. It was no longer Peter. Now, it was no longer John. Now, he went to that man. You know, when he spoke the word, he had the word, but nothing happened. He was still lame. So, he went to him and gave up his hand, pulled him up. The moment he did that, the Bible says the man got strength in his legs. He got strength in his legs and he began walking, leaping and walking. Is it the same yesterday than forever? Hallelujah. That's why we preach the gospel because the gospel is trying to take you to your from your place. Amen. Telling you, you can walk. You can walk. You see that little push I gave you? is the word. What the word does, it's what the preachers do. It brings faith to you. You see, let me tell you, it brings faith into your heart. Many times we hear the word, we can read the word by ourself. But when a preacher preaches it, that's why brother Bam called it a spanking. It is meant to energize you. That's the word and then it pushes you into your promise. Amen. So whenever you are hearing the word this is happening and then let me read this quote as I finish from the wonders his wonders to perform. And then there was another danger. This little company, just a young man and his little newly married wife going along the road. Many robbers was in the land in those days like Barabas and so forth. He's talking about Mary and Joseph. And what a parade that would have been to them to see just a little man walking along with a little woman to be mother sitting on a little donkey. and with a little stick in his hand and for a group of wild mean men to write down and throw her off of there and do evil. But you know, if God is leading the way, what difference does it make? God will protect you to your destination. Amen. I say amen Lord. There is no dangers when you are walking with the Lord. Can you say amen to that? I would believe easily that there was a host of 10,000 angels walking along there with that man and that little donkey. She was just as safe as she could be. But perhaps little did she know these things and little did maybe Joseph know that all this was just about to happen. But we don't know. We don't have to know everything. We just believe by faith and walk on. God doesn't have to tell us all his plans. Just how he's going to make the morning stars shine in the morning. God will not tell you everything. Just move on. Anyhow, God takes care of his own. But I know his compassions fail not. And when you are prayed for being sick, you don't have to worry just how God is going to move that cancer. How God is going to make that crippled limb to come straight. Just go forward in faith. That's up to God to take care of that. You don't have to worry whether you will you will keep your job or if you will accept Christ as your savior. You don't have to worry whether the boss will be angry or your neighbor will turn you down or your mother will say that you've lost your mind or your dad turn you away from home. Just go forward. God will take care of the rest of it. There are many things we have no explanations for. Don't worry about it. His compassions fail now. Just keep moving. Just keep moving forward. God bless your heart. You may stand on your feet as we Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Great is thy faithfulness. Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. All I have needed, thy hand has proided. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord, unto me. One more time before we pray. Great is thy faithfulness. [Music] Great is thy faithfulness. Morning by morning, new mercies I see. [Music] All I have need and thy hand has spine. Great is thy faithfulness, Lord. I [Music] receive. Let us pray. Lord, great is your faithfulness. Many times we do not understand how you will take us to the promised land. But we say great is your faithfulness. Morning by morning, your mercies are new. And Lord, your compassion is fail, Lord. You have us in in your mind and you have our lives in your control. Continue leading us, Lord. We don't know everything. We don't know how to explain everything, Lord. But we believe in you, Lord. Knowing how you will take us through. Knowing how you'll give us grace to overcome. Father, give each of us, Lord, patience. Give each of us grace to understand that you are faithful, Lord. And your mercies are new every morning. Bless each one of us, Father. Bind us together with the cords of love that can never be broken. Bless those who have been streaming also. Give the grand desires of their heart. Lord, Father Lord, we remember also to pray for the offerings and the tithes that are going to be given now. Bless every gift. I pray as we we do this as a part of our worship Lord in Jesus name. Amen. Brother Shalom, God bless you. God bless you. See you Friday night 10 p.m. Amen. [Music] Lord, I know I can make it. I know that I can stand. No matter what may come, life is in your hand. [Music] that I can [Music] stand in your head. You don't have to worry. You don't have to worry. [Music] comes in the morning. Hallelujah. And there's a Jesus who will [Music] wise broken. Hallelujah. and a slave to hurt. Lord, I know that I can make I know that I can stand. Oh my to come my way. My life is in your head. I know that I can Jesus I can in you Lord I can stand. No matter what may come my [Music] way. My life is in your [Music] hand, Jesus. I [Music] can [Music] also know that I can make it. You know that I can stand. Oh my [Music] god. I [Music] guess my [Music] mother is singing it again if you believe me. I know that I know that I can stand no matter what may come away. [Music] Jesus [Music] I know I can [Music] stand in your head. [Music] down to triars. [Music] Your heart is broken. Just keep your hands in know that I can make. I know that I can know my wife may come my way. Life is in your [Music] hands. Jesus I can take with him. I know I can stay. Oh my what may come my way. My life is in your hand. And I know that I can I know that I know my life may come my way. My life is in your head. Jesus I can Jesus I can take my stande [Music] holding my hand like you only can holding. Whispering peace like no other can. [Music] I want to [Music] wor if I only know that I and holding my hand like you only can hold. Please bring peace. Make your other king. I want to [Music] wor I only know of you. Lord, you gave me life without sorrow and the home where my problems [Music] are. But should it all fall tomorrow, I just want to know that I love you. and holding my hands like you only can hold peace like no other can do. I want to worry of [Music] fant you and holding my hand like you only come home. Whispering peace like no other can do. I want to worry about fame and if I only know that I hurt you. If I only know that I love [Music] You love me trials [Music] Your faithfulness has been so sweet and your mercy my [Music] soul to you. His health [Music] reach for and because of you. Heaven will give us our we [Music] It tors against my soul. [Music] lead you [Music] home. I return to you. Please help me reach the goal. I'm glad to know because of you heaven will be my [Music] home with love. Oh trials have made me cold. Your faithfulness has been so sweet and your mercies far [Music] Because of you will be my home. I'm glad to be because of [Music] you my Lord. [Music]
