################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-12 - DVFYAC26 CAMP FIRE SERVICE - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2026-01-12
Title:    DVFYAC26 CAMP FIRE SERVICE
Speaker: 
Church:   Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 56m
Language:English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2LE4Fa9ZQak
========================================

Description:
Welcome to this year's DVF Annual Youth Meetings that are starting on Jan 9th - 11th, 2026.
We look forward to a mighty outpouring of the Holy Spirit and all services are streamed Via YouTube. 
God Bless You Richly. 

Subscribe to this channel for Live stream & updates: @dvfellowship    
Visit our website at: https://www.dvfellowship.org
You can also listen and download the audio sermons at: https://dvfellowship.podbean.com/

Like, share, and spread the word
Engage in the live chat during the stream

#DVFYM2024 #dvfyouthyouthmeetings #dvf #youthservice  #worship #livesermons #livestream #daysofthevoicefellowship #endtimemessage
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
the way. Yes, I don't give away. I don't give away. I don't give away. Yeah. Oh my goal. &gt;&gt; THE FINAL DAY. &gt;&gt; I SAY WHO has the final day. Tell the final say. &gt;&gt; And no matter what the devil says. &gt;&gt; Tell the no matter what the doctor say. &gt;&gt; Tell us the final thing. Tell us the final day. &gt;&gt; The final day. &gt;&gt; Tell us the final say. &gt;&gt; And no matter what the landlord says, &gt;&gt; the final say. And no matter what the doctor says, &gt;&gt; listen around. Jehovah Jehovah life around the It's our way. Heat. Heat. as the pastor is going to give us the program as pastor is going to give us the program he's going to lead us but there's this song I want you Kenyan brothers and sister you learn Listen, hunger. BROTHER. OH. GO. GO. HEAT. HEAT. You You could Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Glory. Listen. How many appreciate brother? Let us give him an applause. Praise God. Let us have a seat for him. I'd like to greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Uh God has really given us a wonderful time and I think this can continue up to morning &gt;&gt; but uh many of you are going to be traveling and so you need to to to have some rest. The preachers that preached are sleeping here and they're tired so we cannot be here up to morning. But I'm not the bring of bad news. I'm the bring of good news. We're going to go for a few hours perhaps maybe one and a half or something like that and unfortunately you know we cannot be here the whole night but at least maximum two hours and then we go rest. Uh but what we are going is we are going to hear testimonies people who have testimonies and then there are some who had special songs uh they gave it in but it was not called. I know they are here. I don't know. Do you have some of those papers? Ah, okay. So, we're going to give them the the opportunity to hear the songs, but we are going to prioritize testimonies. There's already someone here. Actually, before I even sit down, I'll invite them. Sister Comfort, who says she has a testimony. I don't know whether she's from Uganda or Kenya, but if you're here, just come and give your testimony right now. So I'm going to hand over the program or the service to brother Brian who will run it and just invite you for the special songs and then uh the testimonies as well. We are record we are streaming this service. It is live. So you can always go back and watch this. Uh but I think the stream just started. Uh is the stream on brother Isaac? Yeah. So it just started a few moments ago. So uh there are many things you can see if you have not been at the at the camp from the beginning. There are many things that uh those who think a streaming would really miss because uh the first day on Friday many meetings were not streamed or we had streaming difficulty here and then of course when we came here I mean we've had almost one hour here of rejoicing and those people streaming of course missed all that and and so uh on the next camp. Don't plan to stream, plan to be here. How many appreciate God for what he has done for us. Amen. Ah, it's been a a real wonderful time. And everybody's happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. God is happy. &gt;&gt; I mean, because of what he has accomplished in our lives and never be the same again after this camp. So, before I invite brother Brian, I'm going to invite Sister Comfort if she's here. I'm hungry for testimonies. Wonderful testimonies. I want to hear. By the way, when you come here to give a testimony, you're not giving testimony of what God did for you in your village. You're giving testimony of what has happened. We want hot testimonies. What God has done for you in this camp. Understood? So if you you're writing that you have a testimony, we want a a live testimony. A live testimony. Is it a live testimony, Sister Conf? All right. God bless you. God bless you. &gt;&gt; Sorry, just a moment. Sister Abigail, where are you? Is she here? She left. God bless you. I thank God for providing for me in order to come for this youth camp cuz it wasn't easy. And uh I've attended so far, this is the third one. The first two, okay, I was blessed but there is something different about this one that I can't tell cuz the first two youth camps I attended, I went back the same person. But at least now I feel different. Um, I thank him for everything he has done for me. Last year was really hard and I came here with the baggage from last year, but I feel I'm now free and I feel like a new person and I'm grateful for all the things God has done for me. Okay. Um, last year was really bad for me. Uh, I lost three people, two uncles and a friend. One of my uncles, most of you know him, the late pastor Dipio. Then, uh, I also quit my job, went back home and started staying home. And, uh, things were not really easy. So, I've been drained mentally, but I thank God for this conversation. I was at the verge of giving up on coming here due to financial issues, but I thank him for giving me the grace to come. God bless you. &gt;&gt; If there something that I would say, this mic keeps breaking up, so I don't if you can get it sorted. uh if there is something I don't know how many here are from here not from out of the country raise up your hands please I want because I want to see if it is relevant okay so then there are also those of course who are streaming uh and maybe have been a part of the camp or maybe they're in the adomeries and so I want to just communicate this two things number one I've been asked by many why we don't do Q&A I know young People love questions and answers sessions. Uh but we do not do Q&A in this uh DVF youth camp because I feel it's not the burden a burden that God has given to us to do to run. I mean there are many youth camps they do that and in your local churches also that is done. Uh I've often found that um for example if you now ask a question and the reason why I'm explaining this is because we have received a lot of feedback some young people who wanted this to be done and so if it's not done then they're going to be disappointed and if they are disappointed uh we want them to know why why we are not doing it. So um if you you come here with a question and maybe it's a question from not even necessarily what the preachers have preached on then you will receive an answer but my answer or the answer of whichever pastor will be giving you an answer might not be exactly what your your pastor back at home would answer on such a such a matter and then it is going to cause trouble. is going to cause issues with your pastor and that's not the intention or the purpose of this camp. The purpose of this camp is not to indoctrinate you. The purpose of this camp is to encourage you on your walk with the Lord and you know get you established in the present truth and get you on fire for God. That's it. The the rest is not really our concern. And and so if you have any questions uh out of this camp or then you go and ask your pastor. And if you feel that you really have to ask then you can always write us or call us then we can always see if we need to really u but I think anything doctrinal I would really advise that you always take it to your pastor that's that's the best way that we can advise um I think that have I explained it well. Yeah. So we we we not do we don't do these camps to cause controversy. It's not our purpose. It's not our intention. The purpose is to be to edify the body. To edify the body. Then the other thing is um and you have to excuse me. I'm trying to remember because I'm tired. When I'm tired, things begin to to leave my mind. Uh the other thing that I wanted to talk about Yes. is the registration. Now many times now this is for the Kenyan group. You have really done well. Actually, let us all clap for the Kenyan group. The Ugandans clap for the Kenyan group. Yeah. And uh because uh they have uh Where's Brother Ken? Is he here? Yeah. Brother Ken over there. God bless you so much, Brother Ken and Brother Isaac and the rest of the leadership. this they have really been very very good in mobilizing and and you know telling you what to do and I I know as much as we also organize here but it is not easy to I mean put 48 not all young people I know there even the older ones but 48 people on a bus and by the way we were even worried this time because it's election period and you remember recently there was issues between Kenya and Uganda I don't know yeah so we were really worried what what will happen But if you stopped on the border and so but I didn't want to make it an issue so I didn't talk about it but we were praying and we talked about it to brother Ken and we were praying and and so we wrote a letter in just in case did you get any issues at the border brother Ken? No nothing. So really God is in this. God has been in this and we appreciate God for that. And so the Kenyan group has really done their part. I mean they pay their camp fee and you know they they they don't really give us trouble but the ones that give us trouble are the Ugandans. Uh and I I wanted to say this here because I have the time to do it and also it is streaming so the others who are not in the church can also hear or we are there and have left they can also hear now or later. The the reason please allow me to explain this and then I'll just leave the service to you to enjoy. The reason because I need to go and rest a bit. Pastor Maher is leaving very early in the morning at 6:00 and we need to uh drop him at the airport. The reason why we we pay fee. Now to some of you it is obvious but to others it is not. Trust me there are people here who don't know why we pay fee. They actually even think we are making money from them. That is what some of them think and they find it very hard. Why? These are just gospel meetings. Why are you asking for money? The gospel is for free. I mean preaching is for free. They they can't understand it. So allow me to explain it to them so they can understand why we always require h fee. Um we pay what we what we always um ask people to pay is just 50,000 shillings. That's not the cost for you to be here for three days the way we do. It doesn't cost us 50,000. It costs us an average of 80 to 90,000 shillings. Many of you did not know that. That's that's the cost. Of course, you you're going to begin some of you will just look at the food at the plate, the food you eat. But it's not only the food, okay? But because you look at the place where you are sleeping, it's not only that. It's the food. It's the place where you are sleeping. It's the venue which we are, you know, renting and and and and you know, we we also pay for it. It is the, you know, the ministers we have. We need to take care of them. We need to, you know, feed them also. We need to transport them. We need to pay for their accommodations. I mean, you can say, well, it's none of my business, but they are coming to minister to you. So, it's part of camp. And you know, you you're looking at all these other things that goes in the media, that goes in the music, that goes in this. So, all those are expenses of the camp. So, all that put together an average of uh say if we have 500 young people, then you look at um an average of about 80 to 90,000 shillings per person. So if you round that up, how much is it for 500 people? How much would you need to take care of them? A good mathematician here. 500 people times 90,000 shillings. How much is that? Huh? Is that a good mathematics? About 45. Actually, we have always spent about 50 millions. So I don't know how the other come in but that's how much which means the average is a little bit more we always spend that much now on top of that now many young people will come and say I don't have money and maybe it is true they don't have money but maybe they also did not bother to find money because they thought that ah this is just a youth camp I'll just be allowed in and others just want to sneak in and you know people have their own way about things but uh let's look that and now we're going to have another camp this coming January. Let's say if if you were saving uh just how much would you need to save to just 50,000 is a contribution. It doesn't even take care of you but it only contributes because since you are not the host we don't want to put the whole weight on you to say pay for it. You never plan for it. So well we plan for it we want to pay the bigger share of it but we are asking you to contribute only 50,000 shillings. So if you don't contribute that then you're putting the weight on us. Every after the end of camp um uh last year I was left with a deficit of about 30 million shillings which we took out of our land fund and we had to pay and we had to look for it afterwards because we needed to clear the other part and then this year I have a deficit that I know of. I don't know the rest of the I don't know the rest of the details. not received from the treasur's department but I have a deficit of about 10 million or so which needs to be paid you know so but that you can't explain to everyone so the only thing I'm asking you to do is do your part let's if everyone can do their part then we will always have a very successful meeting but if you come everybody's happy and then you leave the host wondering where am I going to get this money to sort these things you see God will provide Why didn't he provide to you to bring your contribution? You understand? So let everyone do our part and let everybody be happy and let god also bless each of every one of us. So I think I just took the trouble to explain that. I don't expect to explain it again. Then lastly regarding the registration, we need to always know before you come. Registration helps us to know before you come for us to have an expectation of how much resources we need to take care of you. Now that you know that we always even need much more than what you give us. So we need to know how many are coming so we can take care of you. So we we at least need you to register uh two months before two months before really so we can be able to know that you are coming even if you're not too sure but you think you might come register. So always whenever we open registration let's try to do that. The reason why I'm explaining to you is because you are not very old. You know, you are young, which means you can adjust. Adjust your thinking. Adjust your mindset and let everybody be happy. Am I communicating? God bless you. I think let me just leave the microphone before you get bored of me. Otherwise, I love you very much. I appreciate you. Thank you so much for coming this year. We we really enjoyed being with you. When you go back, send our regards to your church. And uh now I hand it over to brother Brian. Okay. God bless you. uh that there there is a key that got lost and they first found it but again it got lost again. So if you have it there's a key okay there's a key which got lost at first then they found it later on it disappeared again so if you have it please you can see brother Ranga or any deon that must have legs it keeps appearing and disappearing Now I wanted brother Asagget to invite you to Ethiopia. &gt;&gt; I'm not ready. &gt;&gt; Invite them to come to Ethiopia. You don't want &gt;&gt; Oh, you are almost all of you are invited to Ethiopia. We will sponsor every one of you by face. God will provide through you. So you will come, you will enjoy ina is our best traditional food just like what you call it here. Not m okay in is more like chapati. Yeah. But in is more nice. I really appreciate the Ugandians food and the way you accept the visitors and the way you worship. Yeah. Please clap your hands for yourself. So, so uh since I have got this mic on my hand, I don't think I will hand it over to anyone. But I would love also to appreciate my pastor, pastor Busobosi. He is my pastor. He is my father. I am really proud of him. You don't know what kinds of anointing is upon him. So please use him before he get old. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Use him. Hallelujah. So support him, support his vision. That's what I can say about Pastor Busoboi. He's an anointed uh man of God. Really that I can be proud of him. So you know back in Ethiopia almost more than I can say 80 85% all of the ministers and the other saints that have come to this message uh if you scratch their back uh you might find the hand uh uh what you call it uh stamp of pastor Tala. Yeah every one of us history with him. So I really appreciate him and uh this is what I want to say. Uh please don't forget your plan to come to Ethiopia. Don't you want to come to Ethiopia &gt;&gt; either on foot either on air either on bus you I can see that you have also a very nice experience in traveling by a big bus. So we will join you then. Hallelujah. Praise be the name of Jesus Christ. We are very lucky people. God bless you. Shalom. &gt;&gt; So, brother brother Asaged is also leaving &gt;&gt; on Tuesday uh morning uh whatever. So, just keep him in prayers. He has a great work ahead of him. He is only one of a very few ministers that are standing. Um he is having a church in uh one part of Adis Sababa. Um, brother Mogus is having another church in a little more central. Actually, brother Mogus's church was the one I was pastoring before I came uh back to Uganda with with my wife. We were there for about four or five years. And so, uh, brother Morg is also there in Addis and then brother Girma is also in Addis and brother Tesa is in Aasa. Brother Ephraim is in Aasa. These are one of the I think I might have forgotten a few but these are the first first believers there and now they are all pastors. So please remember them those names that I mentioned in prayer. All right now over to your program. Can we appreciate our pastor? Amen. So I think we're going to end the session of uh special songs. I kindly request you if you if your song is very long to give chance to your brother and your sister at least shorten it please in good heart. So this one says uh brother Victor Bamukama want to sing to sing a special song. Then uh the next person will be brother Joseph. So, brother, &gt;&gt; praise God. I greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and I appreciate the Lord for this opportunity. The song says, I'm going to hold on Jesus. So, be blessed as you listen to it. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus. Hold to the lamp of Calvary. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus and Jesus will hold on to me. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus. Hold to the lamb of Calvary. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus and Jesus will hold on to me. In this troubled world we live in. Nothing seems to make sense. Many looking for the way. Searching to and from. Sometimes this rope I'm holding seems to be sleeping. But I'm going to hold on tighter to the only hope I know. I'm going to hold on hold on to Jesus. Hold to the lamb of Calvary. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus and Jesus will hold on to me. Well, Satan keeps on talking, saying you can't make it, trying to convince me that there is no use to try. Oh, but I refuse to listen and keep right on going, trusting and believing in the Jesus. No time. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus. Hold on to the lamb of Calvary. May I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus. In Jesus will hold on to me. Hey, Satan keeps on talking, saying that you got to make it trying to convince me but there is no use to try but I refuse to listen and keep right on going trusting I'm believing in the Jesus but of time I'm going to hold on hold on to Jesus hold to the of Calvary. I'm going to hold on. Hold on to Jesus. And Jesus will hold on to me. God bless you. Amen. God bless you, brother. And then let's welcome sister Shon Rahim Rama. Hey, sorry, brother Joseph. I forgot. I'm sorry. And then next after that, sister brother Joseph you just want to do a song. You guys help me out. I'm little bit nervous. So if I play a wrong chord, just just bear with me, okay? Is it so glad? I can tell it's your do like one more time. See how you broke me and you can see I can tell and I know it's your grace I sing Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. You see how you What if I see and I know your praise I will sing. Oh my god. I can see. Miss you. God bless you, brother Joseph. Can we appreciate him? I'm always happy about him because he's a multi-purpose brother. He has a nice voice. He plays all the instruments. So, God richually bless him. So, let's welcome Sister Sharon. God bless you. God bless you again. I'm not sure how I'm supposed to follow that but I really want to thank God because uh this convention has meant so much to me and God has just taken me from glory to glory to glory and I am just so glad to know that God cares so much. Uh the one the song I want to sing is uh this is just what heaven means to me. It speaks about our future home and the hope we have for if all these things that have been spoken to us if they really become real in us. This is what we are hoping for. A country where no twilight, shadows deepen, unending days when nights will never end. I see you when no stones will ever gather. This is just what heaven means to me. What will it be when we get older to join the strong upon the glassy sea? We'll join our loved ones and crown Christ forever. Oh friends, this is just what heaven means to me. A place where there is no misunderstanding. There from all enamity and strife we're free. No unkind on words from the hearts I ra can. Friends, this is just what heaven means to me. Watch me lead me when we get all my own down and join the throng upon the glassy sea to join our love and crown rise forever. This is just what heaven means to me. When at last we see the face of Jesus and before his image at the last just flee. And when they crown him, Lord of all will be there. This is just what heaven means to me. Sing with me until it be when we get on my own. Enjoy the stronger one. the glassy sea to join our loved ones and run Christ forever. This is just what heaven means to me. This is just what heaven means to me. God bless you. Can we appreciate her once more? God bless you. How many want to be in that city? I want to be there. Amen. So, let's welcome sister Machet and then our deacon will come and sing uh brother after come and sing your song. God bless you, saints. The storm they were facing was fearful. The ship seemed so small in the waves and the wind just kept growing harder. And yet there was still so safe from out of the dark. He came walking. He had never lost them from view. He can see through the darkest of troubles. He just wanted them to see too that you never be filled till you're empty. Until you're broken, you never behold until the border has dried your vessel with fire. You never come forth as gold. I didn't know how much he loved me until I pass through the storm and looked. I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed. Until he was all that I heard that you never be fil until you're broken, you never behold. until the potter has dried your vessel with fire. You'll never come forth as you go. I didn't know how much he loved me until I pass through the storm and looked back. I didn't know Jesus was all that I need. Until he was all that I heard. Sometimes the storm that you're facing may seem like your whole world has changed and the fire just keeps getting hotter as the potter is shaping the clay. For Jesus, he knows what he's doing. Even though it causes you pain, he just want us to know that lay on his shoulder. His disciples is still the same. That you'll never be filthy. You're empty. Until you're broken, you never be home. Until the pter has tried your vessel with fire and never come forth. I didn't know how much she loved me until I passed through the storm and l I didn't know Jesus was all that I needed. Until he was all that I heard. I didn't know how much he loved me until I passed through the storm and looked by. I didn't know Jesus was all that I need until he was all that I heard. Bless sister. So this one's a sister. I don't know if I'm pronouncing the name very well. Willist. Wow. So I come and give you a song. God bless you, Saint. It's sister Will Kistister. Yeah. Uh I'm happy to have been here with you guys. It was such a blessing. I'm going to sing we are pilgrim strangers. I hope you know that song. We can sing together. &gt;&gt; We are pilgrim strers looking for a city and our hearts are to see the builder and the maker. We are pilgrim strangers working looking working for a city and our heart to see the builder and the maker. We say come Lord Jesus is covered in the wood. Say, "Come Lord Jesus, we pray." Say, "Come Lord Jesus. Your bride is covered in blood." Say, "Come Lord Jesus. We're ready." They say, "Come Lord Jesus. Your blood is covered in your blood. We say come Lord Jesus ready. You say come Lord Jesus is covered in your word. You say come Jesus. We're ready. We app strangers looking looking for a city in the house. The Buddha. We are strangers looking for a city and our hearts on seek Jesus. Say come to me. Say Jesus Christ is covered. Say Jesus. We say come Lord Jesus. is covered in Jesus. Jesus Christ is coming in. We say Jesus. We say come Lord Jesus. The bride is covered in your world. We say come Jesus ready. We say come Jesus is coming in. We say come Jesus ready. We say come Jesus is covered in your blood. We say come Jesus. God bless you. We appreciate you. Let's welcome brother Lu. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Praise God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm very happy to uh to this conversation and the campfire. I love it to push the fire. I love it. I'm so happy because I want to sing this song. H Christ our redeemer. Hallelujah. Amen. &gt;&gt; Christ died on the cross that for the sinners paid all his due. Sprinkle your soul with the blood of the lamb and I will pass. I will pass over you. Now I see the ground. When I see a ground when I see a ground, I will pass. I will pass over you. Cheapest of sin. Jesus will save each one. Wash in the far sing. And I will pass. I will pass. I see a way. I see a I will pass and will pass over you. Judment is coming. Who will be there? Each one is saving justice. I do not save and I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, when I when I see when I see I see Oh my god. We shall sh Happy I see I will pass. I will pass away. Oh, when I &gt;&gt; see the Oh, I see a bright I see I will pass. I will pass. Amen. Can you give a mighty hand clap to brother? He has really been so good to us. May God bless you. We are here because of him. because we couldn't be if there was no fire. Amen. God bless you, brother Lumu. So, let us welcome brother Gumar Brian and then from there, sister get praise God everyone. First of all, First of all, I just want to thank God for this opportunity of coming this conversion uh because because the biggest percentage of it I would not have been here. So I just thank God be blessed. My song is in Uganda. You must What is Wake up. I What city are generos? See the Laing Sing to one. for one. Oh wonder. Oh no. I will see you right I sort of Wake up. Gan I love the way Sing Break one. Oh. your to come you right bless you Yes, sister. You can come and sing this song. God bless you saints. Before we sing, I want to give my testimony. I want to thank God because I got a revelation of his word. Genesis 1 verse 27 that says so. manage in the image of God. God created he male and female created. I was so glad when say that the pigs produce pigs. The gods produce God's soap. God created me. So that means I'm God. I was so glad for that scripture and very many other scriptures that revealed to me because before coming to the conversion God led me to read Genesis and Revelation then and Exodus and Nehemiah. So I thank the Lord that what I've been reading is what they have been also reading. I really thank the Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And we are going to praise him. And so we thank him for this new year because it has been a blessing. We have started it with blessings. The new year is here. Christmas lights I choose your way. I walk you down. This road is new. Every step I walk with you through joy and pain. Through doubt and fear. Your love will hold me here by you. The winds blow yet my soul is still your presence surrounds me. Your words fulfilled. Each day I arise your life my way to honor you and all I say. Lord I need you now. Every step I walk with you through doubt and fear. Your love you hold me in my When the days feel long and faith feels sweet, you draw me close and I can't speak. Your mercy fl restoring me in this new year. Choose to leave. I need you now. This road is new. Every step I walk with you through doubt and fear. Your love will hold me where I am. Love me. It's the night all this road is new. Every step I walk away through our love will hold me sister. Sorry brother and then sister Sarah and Guts repair &gt;&gt; God bless you. I have a special song says God's love is upon me. His eyes are upon me. Bless us. Listen. Queen of for many bar Ybody. Anybody care? Well, she's just one fire today. I'm going to walk anybody. I'm going to walk with anybody. I'm going to walk anybody anybody. Hurricane the May the one the may well the way your way might be 451. will be parasy May your way might Oh y will be bless. Okay. God bless you. Are you happy this evening? Are you happy? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. So, we are going to sing a song that says, "Jesus, savior pilot me over life's temptuous sea." Hallelujah. Yeah, that's a slip of the uh as we had having the Holy Ghost not prevent you from having temptations and we always ask us lead us through. Jesus save the pilot me over tempest to see before me ro hiding rock and treasure show and call come from thee. Jesus savior pilot me as a man that steals a child. How can hush the ocean wra of the sea Jesus savior pilots me when at last I near the shore and the fearful breakers run twix me up the peaceful will rest then when thy gra say to me &gt;&gt; will pilot thee Jesus will pilot over to test your sin. Out on before me roll, hiding rock and treasure sh and cold must come from thee. Jesus saveior pilots me when at last I near the show and the fearful breakers run twix me up the peaceful rest and the living on my breast. May I hear this say to me not I will pile thee and my leaning on thy breast. May I hear you say to me will thee will bless you. God bless you. It seems some people are sleeping. Oh, rise up on your feet. Oh why? Oh my god. Oh my god. That's for the Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Always Heat. Heat. I don't know if you know that if you know that song. Oh way Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Amen. That it was just waking you up. So you can have your seat. Amen. So let's welcome sister to come and sing a special song. Please you should your special song. God bless you. First of all, I just want to thank God for his provision. God is the one who provided for me to be here. It was not my power nor my mighty but it was his grace and mercy for me to be here. I want thank God for his mighty servants he has used. I have been so much blessed. I have come to realize that I am the message. And when I go back, I'm going to show the world that I am the message. I pray that you'll be blessed with a song. If you know it, you can sing with me. It was against my soul, but my faith is guarding you, Lord. So things are in control. So many times I failed you, Lord, but still you hear my hand. I'm glad that I can talk to you for you always. You've never once quit me. Your trials have made me cold. Your faithfulness has been so sweet and my touched my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Please help me feel my go. And I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my home. I need your strength, oh God, each day. For I am weak and f was the wings and trust that have come my way. Lord, I have it handled well. My soul cries out, "Help me to stand upon your faithful one." Oh God, you know I still believe. Please bring me through the storm. You've never once quit loveing me. Your trials have made me cold. Your faithfulness has been so sweet and your mercies touched my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Please help me reach my God. And I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my home. Lord, I need your strength, oh God, each day, for I am weak and fail. Cuz the winds and trusts that have come my way, I haven't handled well. My soul cries out. Help me to stand upon your faithful word. Oh Lord, you know I still believe. Please bring me through the storm. You've never once quit loving me. The trials have made me cold. Your faithfulness has been so sweet and your mercies touched my soul. Oh father, I reach out to you. Please help me reach my goal. I'm glad to know because of you, heaven will be my home. Lord, I'm glad to know because of you, he will be my home. Bless sister. Let us welcome sister Irene Nasali and then sister Dorin from Kenya. Get prepared. We trying to wind up. &gt;&gt; Praise God saints. I'm going to give a very short testimony then I sing the special song. Earlier this week I got so so so sick and I was rushed to the hospital at night and um by God's grace I'm fine. But as a result of the sickness and all that I got some severe chest pain. By the time I came here, I was super super dying. But no one could tell. Meanwhile, I thank God for that. That even when I'm sick, you barely tell. But after praying and all that, the very first day I came, the pain disappeared. I could barely catch my breath. I could not even sing because of that pain. But I thank God that I'm free. I'm healed and I can now sing. And uh the special song we are going to sing it together. Uh I hope we all know about aunt Jamaima as the prophet talks about the testimony. I've been burdened to sing this song and I pray it blesses your hearts. So let's sing it together. Okay. My God is grounding another plane for antim. Auntie my teach my God is grounding another plane for my grounding of a plane. It's not an accident. There is a plain grounding prayer right here for my grounding of a plane. It is never an accident. There is a plain grounding prayer right now for my ant. My God is wanting another place. I'm changing my mind. My God is wondering in my mind and just step aside. Jesus is coming to comp. My God is grounding another place for antic. My God is bounding on another plane for I'm teaching my mind. My man, my God, my God, my God is born. Oh, I'm teaching my teaching my teaching my teaching my God is founding on the plane in my mind. Michael step aside step aside and just step aside. Jesus is coming to compounding another plane for teaching my land. Now listen to this praying prayer. Claim God in prayer. Push a prayer. Push a prayer. Push a prayer. Push a prayer. My God is wronging another plane. Oh, I'm teaching my I'm teaching my teaching my teaching my God is only my teaching my teaching my teaching My man is in my mind. My God is wondering your play for teaching my mind. But I say your prayer my teaching my mind. My God is grounding a plan for you. Oh, I'm changing my mind. I'm changing my mind. I'm teaching my mind. I'm changing my mind. My mind is in my eyes. Sister, so from Kenya wants to go. So I think Sister Dorin from Kenya, you can come and give your song and then the brethren from Kenya will be leaving. God bless you saints. God bless you once more. I want to sing for you a song that is always my favorite song because I believe it's an anthem for me. The love of God. The love of God is greater than tongue or pain. I never tell. It goes beyond the highest time and reaches to the lowest hand. The guilty pair bowed down with care. God gave his son to his child. He reconciled and pardon his sins. Oh love of God, oh love of God, how rich and pure, how meal and strong each of more endur The saint Sunday when glory time shall pass away and earthly throne and kingoms fall And then who here refuse to pray on rocks and hills and mountains. For love so sure shall still endure. All they shall live and strong. Redeeming grace through Adam's praise thy saints and the soul. Oh love of God. Oh love of God, how rich and you are, how many shall live and strong it shall for more endure the saints My name within the ocean field and while the skies of parchment were every stalk You're not the queen. And everyone has cry by dream to ride the love of God above. for drinking the ocean. Oh god. Stretch from sky to sky. Oh, how rich and th shall live and for it shall forever more and you as saints and day to soul love. Your love of God, how rich and pure, how me shall live and strong. each child forever. The more endure the saints and day to God bless you. God bless you. Sister Dorin, can we appreciate her? So I request this brother to give us a closing prayer as we are closing and we shall sing one song glory glory as we are going. Let us close our eyes and pray. Our dear heavenly father we thank you this evening king of all glory. We have had wonderful times here with our brethren king of glory. You have brought us safely lord we have enjoyed. You have fed us, Lord, oh God, with your word, king of all glory. And sad as it may be, Lord God, it is now time for us to leave. Heavenly Father, we are thankful. Heavenly Father, Lord God, we leave this place, Lord Jesus Christ, having been fed. Heavenly Father, we leave a blessing of all glory. For the Lord, we pray for each and every saint here. Heavenly Father, Lord, oh God, you know them, King of all glory. You knew them. Heavenly Father, we ask King of all glory that you may be with them. King of all glory, upon every step that they will take. Heavenly Father, would you be with them? Heavenly Father, Lord of God, we thank you, heavenly father. We worship you, King of all glory. Until the next time, Lord God, we shall meet King of all glory here again. Heavenly Father, may all the praise and all the glory, Lord God, return unto you, Father. For this we do pray, believing and trusting in Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Praise God. When we stand on our feet, turn to your neighbor and say, "God bless you. Thank you for coming. Hallelujah." I've been singing so much better since I lay my back down. I've been singing. Hallelujah. Since I lay as you're going in my B and glory, glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Since I lay my burden down, glory, glory, hallelujah, since I live my body. Oh, I've been singing. I've been singing so much better. So much better. Sister Kenyan brethren send our greetings. Oh, I've been singing so much better since I live my singing the Lord. Hallelujah. My God is ever. Hallelujah. My God is ever. Hallelujah. Yes. Oh, hallelujah. God is a hallelujah. God is a hallelujah. Yes, I'm going to sing. Oh, I've been singing so much better since I lay my body down. Oh, I've been singing. Oh, hallelujah. Since I live my body and I've been dancing so much better since I lay my body down. Oh, I've been nursing. Hallelujah. Since I lay my bing down. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Our God is there. Hallelujah. Our God is Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God is. Hallelujah. God is. Hallelujah. Yes. I'm going to sing I've got my back and I won't turn back because I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind and I want because I will see my Jesus. I've gone up. Oh, and I won't die because I want to see my Jesus. I'm there. I've got my mind up and I want Yes, I do. Oh, say our goodbye war I stand no longer goodbye pleasures of sin. I stand no longer with you. I'm on my mind to go that way for the rest of my life. I'm on my mind to go that way. Yes, I do. I made up my mind. I made up my mind to go that way for the rest of my life. I made up my mind to go that way for the rest of my life. Oh, I am under the rock. The rock is the night behind me. I am under the rock. Go tell my enemy. I am &gt;&gt; I am I am man Jehovah I am I am on the road to behind me &gt;&gt; I am not &gt;&gt; tell my enies my enemy &gt;&gt; oh I am around you. I am not Jesus name. So sweet. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus name. So sweet. &gt;&gt; Every rock rockus name. Every rock rock about Jesus. &gt;&gt; Oh, every rock about Jesus. &gt;&gt; Jesus name. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus name. So sweet. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus name. So sweet. &gt;&gt; So sweet. For every time I think about Jesus, I feel joy, joy, joy. Every time I think about Jesus, joy, joy, joy, I feel joy, joy, joy. I feel joy. Wonderful joy. Every time I think about you, I feel joy. &gt;&gt; Oh, I feel peace. Peace. Peace. I feel peace, wonderful peace. And every time I think about Jesus, I feel peace, peace, peace. &gt;&gt; I feel constant, dancing, dancing. &gt;&gt; Every time I think about Jesus, I feel dancing. I feel praising. I feel praising. &gt;&gt; Wonderful praise. Every time I think about Jesus, &gt;&gt; I feel praise, praise, praise. Oh, I want to see him. Look upon his face there and see forever. Holy s grace, all the sweets of glory, let my voice play.
