################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-13 - 2025-08-13 Bro Wendall Martin "Your Word Has Made Me Wiser Than My Enemies" - Wendall Martin - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-13
Title:   2025-08-13 Bro Wendall Martin "Your Word Has Made Me Wiser Than My Enemies"
Speaker: Wendall Martin
Church:  New Life Outreach Church Of Pawnee
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t3E9nb6BlU
========================================

[Music] The more I find you, the more I find you, [Music] Lord, the more I love you, [Music] I want to sit at your feet, drink from that cup, Open your head. Hear your word in my ears and feel your heartbeat. This love is so real. It's more than I can understand. I rest in your peace. Overwhelm me. [Music] It's overwhelming. [Music] [Music] The more I seek you, [Music] the more I find you. I find you [Music] more [Music] you [Music] find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. Just let me sit at your feet. Drink from that cup in your hands. Hear your word in my ears and feel your heartbeat. This love is so real. It's more than I could understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. Please let me sit at your feet. Drink from that cup in your hands. Hear your word in my ears and feel your heartbeat. This love is so real. It's more than I could understand. I rest in your peace. It's overwhelming. Overwhelming [Music] Lord Draw me Lord. [Music] Will you draw me Lord and I'll run after you. I need you now, Lord. I need you right now, Lord. I need [Music] me close. Never let me go [Music] closer to your heart. Draw me nearer, Lord. You draw me, Lord. Won't you draw me, Lord? Oh, draw me, Lord. And I'll run after you. [Music] I need you now, Lord. I need you right now, Lord. I need you now. Oh, come and take me away. Oh, draw me close. Never let me go, closer to your heart. Draw me nearer, Lord. [Music] Draw me, Lord. Draw me, Lord. Draw me, Lord. and I'll run after you. [Music] You taken me from the clay. You set my feet upon a rock. Now I know [Music] of soul [Music] Jesus you've never let me go from the mighty clay. You set my feet up on a rock. Now I know I love you and I need you. Though my world may fall, you'll never let me go. My savior, my closest friend. Lord, I will worship you until the very end. Jesus, you're the lover of my soul. [Music] Jesus, you've never [Music] taken me from that clay. You set my feet up. That's rock. Now I know. Jesus, you're the lover of my soul. [Music] Jesus, you've never [Music] taken me from the myy clay. You set my feet up on a rock. Now I know I love you. And I need you. And though my world may fall, you'll never let me go. My savior, my closest friend. Lord, I will worship you until the very end. Jesus, you're the lover of my soul. [Music] Jesus, [Music] you'll never let me go. taken me from that clay. You set my feet up on a rock. Now I know I love you. I may fall. My savior, my closest friend. I will worship you until the very end. Jesus, the lover of my soul. [Music] Jesus, you've never let me go. You've taken me from the mery [Music] world, you'll never let me go. [Music] [Music] will make a way for me. He will be my guide. Draw me closely to his side. With love and strength for each new day, God will make a way. God will make a way where there seems to be. He works in ways we cannot see. But he will make way for me. He will be my guide. [Music] Love and strength for each new day. God will make a way. God will make a way where there seems to be no way forever. He is faithful and he will make a road when you bear a heavy lo. I know that God will make a way. God will when there seems to be no way forever. He is faithful. He will make a road when you bear a heavy load. that God will make a way once again now. Oh God will make a way when there seems to be no way forever. He is faithful. He will make a road when you bear a heavy load. that God will make a way. [Music] Oh, shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till everyone has heard. Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till everyone. Can we sing that again now? Oh, I've been touched by a fire. Let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from the rooftops. Shout it till one has heard. Jesus blinded all my darkness. He sparked my heart within. His grace and mercy lit a passion. [Music] Consume my sin. Now like a city on a hilltop, I'll shine through the night. I am a lamp made for his glory. I will not hide. Oh, I've been hide. &gt;&gt; Let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it. &gt;&gt; Shout it till sing again now. Oh, can I get them just a little bit louder? Can you raise them up a little bit? The world come and watch me burn. [Music] Shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till one hand. Verse two. Now this love will never be extinguished. It's alive wild and free. I'm overtaken by his power. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. His spirit in me. Oh, &gt;&gt; can you say that tonight? Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Come and watch me burn. Oh, shout it. [Music] &gt;&gt; Shout it till once again now. Oh, I've been &gt;&gt; Yes, I have. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till one has heard. Jesus has changed my life. His baby lifted high. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Jesus has changed my Can you say that tonight? Thank you, Lord. His holy fire is burning inside of me. Oh, I cannot hold inside. I cannot keep it quiet. This holy fire is burning inside of me. I cannot hold inside. I cannot keep it. Why? This holy fire's burned inside of me. Oh, I &gt;&gt; thank you, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Shout it from the rooftops. Oh, shout it. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Shout it till without music, just the drums. Let me hear you now. I've been touched. Oh, I been &gt;&gt; Yes, I have. &gt;&gt; Let the world. &gt;&gt; Oh, shout it from the rooftop. Shout it till again now. &gt;&gt; Oh, I've been touched. &gt;&gt; Let the world come and watch me burn. Shout it from [Music] Shout it till everyone has her. Have you been touched by a fire? Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. I'd like to go to prayer if we can here tonight. Ask brother Mitchi if you would mind coming and leading us in prayer. We do have a few requests here. One from Sister Carol. says, "Uh, prayer request for my daughter Carlina. Tomorrow she gets results from cancer testing and she says the devil is still a liar." I believe that here tonight in ma let's remember sister Carol's daughter and then a praise report from this from brother Harry here says, "Brother David Gabman is recovering well and his test results have come back negative for cancer. He has been Amen. Thank God for that." Amen. says he has been referred to a cancer specialist for a second opinion, but he continues to claim that all is well. Amen. We're worth standing with him on that. Amen. Brother Mitch, if you have a need upon your heart here tonight, just make it known by the lifting of your hand. God bless you now. &gt;&gt; Amen to that. Cancer doesn't have a hold on any of us. Good. So glad we had a prophet to come in this day and tell us these things. So there's nothing that can stand before prayers of the saints. So let's just bow our heads and go before him tonight. invite him into our hearts today and just open up our hearts first and have them come in tonight. Speak through the minister and we all have needs. We all are needy people. But we have the power power to pray, power to believe. Let's bow our heads now. Dear Lord, heavenly father, we thank you for this day that you've given us, Lord, that you brought us all together and the ones that you brought back from Ohio, Lord, with testimonies. Oh Lord, just wash over each and every one of us tonight. Those that can't be here, Sister Denise, Lord, just be our portion now. We ask it in thy precious holy name, Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank you. And by, oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God is gred home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. and we'll understand it better by and by. One more time now. Oh, now by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh, now by and by. Oh, when the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome. As we sing it again, just turn around or greet somebody tonight. Oh now by and by. Oh when the morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand. Can we go up a key by and by? [Music] Oh, by and by. When the morning comes, when all the saints of God are gathered home, we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better. Can we do a verse and by? Oh, we are often tossed and driven on the restless sea of time. Summer skies in a howling tempest, often screaming in that land of perfect day. When the mist has rolled away, we'll understand it better by and by. Oh now by and by when that morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home we will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. Oh now by and by. Oh when the morning comes when all the saints of God are gathered home. We will tell the story how we've overcome and we'll understand it better by and by. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I am one of them. I'm one of them. Oh, I'm so glad I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad I can say one of the holy words long preserved for our walk in this world. They resound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. And words of life, words of hope, give us strength. Help us cope. And in this world where we roam, the word of God will guide. Singing out as the man of God comes. Word of God ever true, changing me, changing you. We have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God in part and holy words of our faith ended down to this age gave through us through sacrifice. Oh, he the faith. Can we sing the chorus now of God? Word of God ever true changing me. [Music] Oh word of God [Music] changing me. changing you. We have come. Let the word of God. Hallelujah. [Applause] His teach so wonderful today. Our love to him. Amen. It should grow greater and greater as as in any relationship. Amen. Our love for him should grow. You can be seated here tonight. And uh it's good to good to have our our uh young people back and um and uh so I've heard just uh such wonderful reports and uh a good a wonderful meeting and um so what I'd like to do is is uh give give these uh young people a a chance to testify and Um um if if there is a testimony, I'm going to go sit down and uh let you guys come up here and uh and and and share what's what's on your heart, what the Lord's done for you. And how many wants to hear a testimonies, some testimonies? And um Amen. So we're going to u turn then you can I'm g turn this on. Okay. All right. So, who's going to be first? Amen. Anyone got to test? Maybe the Lord done work for everyone else, but uh but for uh our kids, wouldn't it be bad? Amen. Our kids the only ones not blessed. And uh Okay, Haven. There. I've got I've got the microphone fixed for you right there. Amen. Give Haven a hand clap for being the first one. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Okay. I didn't really have anything planned to say. Um try not to. Uh, but all the services were really good. All the services were amazing. Um, I really got a lot out of all of them, but um, one of my favorite ones was like the last one. It just really spoke to me and I just, you know, I just I don't know. It just was different than all the other services. It kind of like I guess it gave me more understanding of you know what it is to be a Christian and stuff like that. But um it was it was a lot of fun and uh brother Nathan and all the preachers did amazing job in putting it all together. Um, the dorms were not very &gt;&gt; I like cars a lot, but um they were very loud though. It was it was it was fun though. It was a lot of fun. Yeah. Um but um they were just really amazing and you know when I went through the prayer line I really felt that God had really touched me in different areas that I was you know struggling with and stuff like that. But um you know they're just really amazing. [Applause] or any somebody else. Oh, we like that. All right. Well, I think uh my opinion is with the uh going to the camp every year, it just gets better and better. both the services and with the fellowship, it always gets better. I always come back with a a deeper understanding of the Lord and the message and just loving the Lord more and more. I think what I went to camp longing for most this year is uh I was recently going through a dry spell and I think what I was really needing was I needed a refilling of the Holy Ghost and I just wanted to feel the Lord's presence again. I was going through a dry spell and I hadn't really felt the Lord even in the services. So I was going there. I was wanting uh Holy Ghost and to be able to feel him again. Uh Thursday night, amazing service. Brother Andrew did an amazing job. I went up and got prayed for. Um got freedom from a couple little things and uh got the that refilling I needed. And then uh that uh Friday morning or Friday night was also really good. Brother Josh Bennett um he's not as much of a uh fireball as brother Andrew. Uh he he's still an evangelist, but his style is slightly more on the teaching side. So I really enjoyed that. Then I think my favorite service was the Saturday morning worship service, which wasn't even technically a service, but I think I enjoyed that the most. Just going in there worshiping the Lord. And uh I stayed after everyone was dismissed. I just kept worshiping the Lord. And I just felt the Lord's presence wash over me. Like you know that feeling when somebody pours a bucket of water over you, just feel the water go down you. It was like that except it wasn't cold and it wasn't wet. So yeah, I felt the Lord just wash over me like that and it was amazing. An amazing feeling. It's you can't describe how wonderful it is to just feel the Lord just basking in his presence was amazing. That Saturday night, I uh went through the prayer line and then after that, I went back to my seat and while I was there, I just got another little touch from the Lord. Was able to worship in his presence again. And the same Sunday morning, just more worship. And I think for me, this has probably been the best camp because I was just able to worship and bask in the presence of the Lord. And I just say I have grown to love him even more than I did before. &gt;&gt; Uh God is good. That's why we uh so encourage every one of you young people to go to these. There's there's a lot of camps, but there's a few of them that we want you to go to, and that's that's one of them. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, all right. The testimony. Somebody else. You and And you don't have to be a camper or you you can you can be an adult, too. I don't care. But you have to be there, Jesse. Amen. &gt;&gt; I don't know why you're making us get up here. Um I know that it, you know, it's a youth camp and it's all about the youth and um but I'm still a youth so I get to take my kids and it's such a blessing. And um like Luke said, I was really just um struggling a lot to feel the Lord. And I mean, there's times I could feel him still, but there's just that where you want to just be in his presence and feel him just pour over you. And um that's really what I got in these services. And it just hit me on Friday night. I was just like crying out to the Lord and just thanking him for feeling him that way again and realizing like what a blessing that is to me. That means more than healing in my body. It means more than everything because I know he's with me and it's just indescribable. With God, we can do anything. And um that was just so wonderful for me. And the sermons, the sermons were phenomenal. Sunday morning was just um like the cherry on top. And it really reminded me how um special and needful and powerful that our prayers for our family are. Um, so many times I kind of find myself getting into I guess just kind of um used to the way things are and I don't pray as fervently for my family who's not serving him. So that sermon meant a lot to me. um the services in general. I mean, the whole the whole time the Lord was just so um was just there and blessing all of us and and it's so wonderful to see our young people being blessed and um it just brings me so much joy and I was really really happy to be a part of it. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hey, us older young people, we we need a renewing, too. Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh so this was uh definitely a different camp than what I'm used to because this was my first time not being a camper. And so, uh, it's definitely like a whole new different feel to youth camp because I'm used to like you get to bed and you're going to bed with a bunch of screaming teenage boys and then you wake up with a bunch of screaming teenage boys and hanging out with those screaming teenage boys all day and then your time to relax is only at church. But, uh, it was it was a just good meetings. um you know they they gave me the privilege to play the drums on a few of the services. And so you know sometimes when you have those services where you play music a lot of times you you you know like you get into the service but you know that you still have your post of duty that you need to you know need to help out and but that Saturday night they normally last year uh I didn't play on Saturday. this year I didn't get uh that I didn't play on Saturday. And so going to that service just hoping, you know, the Lord just this was the service I really just want to just push through. I want to go into the prayer line and things. And there's a couple things that me and Rose were praying about. And uh I just feel like the Lord just gave us our answer. And so I just want to thank the Lord for that. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. Such wonderful. Amen. Sister was asking why why we're having y'all to testify because we're licking the honey off. Amen. Y'all been in the honey bucket. Praise the Lord. It Anyone Anyone else have have a testimony real quick? We don't want to drag it out. But if you're wanting to testify, then you need to testify. We want to hear you. Amen. Brother Devin or Yeah, Sister Len. Amen. Well, um, the services are really great. Brother Andrew and brother Josh did so good. Um, probably one that standed out to me the most was Saturday night. It just like made me feel like it was it was really good. um in the prayer line I went through him but um I felt over touch with the Lord and brother I've been claiming my the Holy Ghost I've been like wanting it really bad but then just certain like things told me just when it happened but um I went in and brother Josh he um um he grabbed a hold of me and he told me to like he claimed it and then he like rebuked the devil that was holding me against it and just talked to me and I believe that's when I really felt free and got the Holy Ghost. So, I came out claiming that and just seeing my friends um be delivered and get a touching was really good and great. So, yeah. [Applause] You think coming back from hundreds of people would be a lot easier to uh talk in front of uh 50, you know, but yeah, I'm still kind of nervous, you know. But um my testimony begins about like two weeks before Ohio camp. It was uh Ben Puit's meetings, you know, and I didn't even know why we was going there. I just woke up. Lois says we're going to Arkansas. you know, and uh and so on the way there, you know, I was listening to brother Andrew. What brother Andrew, what brother Andrew said, what what really stuck out was stop begging God and just believe it. And so, well, I come back. So, no, we don't come back. Uh we go we're in Arkansas meeting and you know you know Friday go by and then Saturday night you know what really stuck out you know brother uh brother Brandon was playing and you know it was deep call into deep it was playing on the screens and he was calling people up who wants the Holy Ghost has come up there and I was like man what you know they're kind of lucky you know living with the with, you know, in a prophet age where you can just go up there and you can get it. And so and and then I was thinking about that and I was waiting for Ohio to, you know, like get the Holy Ghost and I was like, "Okay, I'm going to get it in Ohio." And you know, but um but then something changed and I was thinking like I can do that today, you know, without even with the prophet you go you got God and so I was like man and then and then so I was like all right then this is the night and I was claiming it and uh and I was like I'm going to get it tonight. And so I went to the prayer line and And I was telling everybody, you know, telling my head, I was like, "I'm going to get it tonight. I'm going to get it tonight." And closer to the player line, you know, the devil was like, "You're not going to get it." You know, closer to it, you're not going to get it. But and I was fighting. I was like, "I'm going to get it." You know, and I got there and even make it past three preachers. I fell down and I felt everything. It came into me and I got it that night. [Music] And so, you know, you know, first day after that felt good. I was like, man, that was good. You know, and I was like, wow. And then, uh, next day after that, and I was, you know, devil came up. You're like, how do you really know you got it? You know, how do you know? And so it got so bad where it wasn't during night. I was crying. I was like, "Do I really have it?" And I was praying, you know, and we went to Ohio and I I was like, "I got to get delivered." You know, I know I have it, but you know, he just he kept on coming at me. He was like, "You don't have it." You know, I come back and then I don't remember what night it was or something. I don't know. But I felt God and and now I know I have it. you know, he has not been he hasn't been after me. You know, I haven't I believe with all 100% with all my heart I haven't and he hasn't, you know, come attack me ever since. So, [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Somebody else real quick. Amen. Sister Mary, we sure appreciate those who drove the bus. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I just want to um say how thankful I am for, you know, camps like this that, you know, the Holy Ghost could just get completely free and touch our young people like like like it does. And um even the uh there had a snack shack and there's you know people that just work the the camp there and they're just saying how you know these young people are just so so different. You like there there's like the drinks that are on an honor system now. People come up and just you know oh I got this drinks I'm paying for it. You know they're like we don't see that. And I just say how proud I am of young people. And I know our young people aren't perfect and they have mistakes, too. But I'm just so proud of them and so thankful that I can, you know, have the place to take my kids to. So anyways, just want to thank the Lord. [Applause] They had got back with me, the the brothers up there that runs the camp, and they they were uh they were bragging on our group, say, "Man, you guys just got topnotch and so so glad to have Oklahoma." So, that was really nice. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Applause] have a testimony, brother Michael. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hi. Um, you know, going going to camp, my wife was like, "Why do you always want to go to the youth camps?" You know, and I'm like, "Why not?" You know, I was like, "I'm I'm part of the original campers, you know. And um but I uh I like going to those youth camps and you know we we do get to see a lot of u I guess uh a lot of the campers that were around for some of these camps when I was in camp and now they have children and they're going to camp and and um the reason I like to the reason I like to go is because you know I just need I just got to be doing something you know I need to be doing something for the Lord, whether it's just whatever, you know, and um whether I can drive or whether I can buy a meal or whether I can pick up trash or uh or night guard. That's one of my favorites, you know, midnight garden. Get to try to catch little bad kids running around, you know. Um you know, doing things like that. And and then like to be able to be in service and be able to push during the services, you know. um you know because sometimes in youth services it can be a little clammy you know because everybody's you know afraid to mess up you know and so but um I really enjoyed being there because being there seeing you know Ohio's got a lot of people just hands down there's like there's like 1,200 people in that church like whoa that's a lot of people you know and um and being there I don't feel I don't feel excluded But I feel like I'm a part of something, you know, and we're all part of something. Um, you know, they were talking about how that there was 66 churches represented in that meeting and our church was included in that. You know, um, the youth that we have here, you know, I think that you should take advantage of those kinds of services because they'll be monumental. You know, they'll be something that you'll always remember. Um, like our brother was, you know, talking about receiving the Holy Ghost, you know, at at the camp and, uh, you know, now, you know, it's not just like me and the brothers that are here that are just in the camp, but our children that are in the camp now and seeing them really press and get into the service, you know, um, makes me feel good about the next generation that's coming that, you know, it's just not going to die with us, you know, so no pressure, you know, but, uh, but it's just not going to it's not going to just end with us and seeing and them, you know, uh, really latch on to the anointing and how brother Josh and brother, um, brother Josh Bennett and how brother Andrew Glover, you know, they were preaching it and they were preaching it like they would to adults, you know, and they were preaching it in the way that they had said it was. It's not a the message isn't there's not a young person's message. There's not an old person's message. This is just the message, you know, that's being preached. And to see the level that the even the younger is at that they can catch that kind of preaching tells me that the message in as a whole is being preached in a way that they un they can understand the tapes and they can understand you know the pastors are preaching it you know and that right now that we're you know just speaking with some of the brothers and just talking with some of the youth and things that we're in the middle of a big move at the moment. I feel like the Lord's really sweep sweeping across congregations and sweeping you being sweeping in churches and things and it's important for us to be be there you know and to really push that move you know to to have those those style of meetings and and also kind of you know looking at our youth meetings and things that we have that you know we're right on track you know we're not we're not just out there just kind of doing our own thing you know but we're we're right on the track with this with the preaching that we have and the way that the way that we're doing things, I feel like the Lord's, you know, being there vindicates what we're doing right here in Oklahoma, you know, it's just as profitable anywhere else. And to see everybody come together and just praise the Lord and and to see all the unity and just and to see, you know, the brothers and sisters just just being there and pushing for the move of God was really just a a help to me. And so, um, but yeah, I enjoyed my time there at the Ohio camp. So, [Applause] Praise the Lord, Sister Elelliana. Okay, so I'm not very good at this, but uh I just want to thank the Lord for his presence and being so good to me at the camp and um thank you for refilling the Holy Ghost and just the prayer line was so good and all the service is really good but brother Andrew said that um don't think of it as a prayer line but as a testimony And I went in there and I just thank him for freeing me from everything that the devil was telling me. And I just love him so much. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Aren't these just wonderful testimonies? &gt;&gt; Amen. Anyone else? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. All right. Amen. Let's give the Lord a wonderful hand clap. Praise the name of Jesus. Well, we're we're so thankful to to know that the Lord is is is calling us and uh that his grace is upon us and he'll never leave us nor forsake us. And um so we appreciate all of you, you young people. Um let's let's stand to our feet here and we'll just do a little Bible study and um we're going to read here in the book of Psalms 119 and um 97 and the 90 we'll start the 97th verse. Praise the Lord again. We appreciate the drivers. appreciate uh just just everything that that the Lord has um the Lord has done this past weekend. We also thank the Lord um for keeping those guys safe. They we had some tires go bad and so uh we're going to have to replace, you know, I guess those tires that dry rotted looked good. We had them inspected and everything and um we made it back but uh we're missing a little bit of rubber. Amen. But there in Psalms 119 and 97, oh how I love thy law, it is my meditation all the day. Thou through thy commandments has made me wiser than mine enemies, for they are ever with me. I have more understanding than all my teachers, for thy testimonies are my meditation. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Father, again, we thank you, Lord, for confirming hearts, for filling with the Holy Spirit. We thank you for your grace upon our young people, Lord, how we love them and how we love their parents. And we're so thankful, Lord, for the gift that you have given us through Jesus Christ. Now, Father, we're just asking that you would be with us as we uh uh teach a little bit out of your word and just ask that you would bless it. Anoint me and anoint uh the congregation, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Can the church say amen? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. God bless you. You can be seated. Amen. I want to uh speak a little bit tonight on on the importance of the Bible and uh um Bible Bible reading and um because the devil's going to the devil's going to he he'll he he he'll whoop you around the stump um and and he's going to do it again. You know, I'll just tell you right now, the devil's going to fight you again and tell you that you don't have the Holy Ghost. And and it he does that to every one of us. I'm an elder. And now I see there's some people code. I don't know what that AC is on, but uh but I see a lot of ladies shivering here. Amen. So uh um so the Bible is is important. The word of God, our feelings change. They're going to go up and down, but the word of God is must be our absolute. And so, Brother Brandham would would tell us, "A Christian reads his Bible and he prays every day." Amen. Because God's word is of the utmost important to us. As we just read here, Amen. I I am uh your word, thy commandments has made me wiser than my enemy. So So Satan, this this is just saying that Satan can come at you with with every which direction, but the Bible has is such an incredible force that it can defeat any lie that Satan would bring against you. So, I want us to examine the Bible for just a few moments here this evening because it first of all, it tells us who God is and it tells us who we are. And and I I believe uh number one, we need to know what the Bible says. So, that's the reason why we need to read it. &gt;&gt; Amen. You You need to know that when your preacher is preaching that it's coming out of the Bible. Amen. We you'd never you never uh you never believe something just because it's from behind the pull pit. You you don't do that. You you believe it because it's in the Bible. There's too many people believing things that's behind the pull pit and and it's not even in the Bible at all. So we believe what we believe because it's found in the Bible. Amen. So the Bible is the is the believer's absolute. It's our It's our absolute. If it's in the Bible, it settles it. Your opinion don't matter anymore. My opinion don't matter anymore. If it's in the Bible, it's the end of discussion. &gt;&gt; That's that's just it's the absolute. Amen. All of our truth, all truth. Amen. Any truth that you have, everyone's got truth. So, Amen. Uh uh in in the world today, your truth is your truth and my truth is my truth. But a Christian's truth is based right here in in the Bible. So, so then then also we we want to get into the Bible to familiarize ourselves with the promises that God has given to us because this Bible is is supernatural. So, so as we as we look here for like this this evening uh that you you've got the you've got the two you've got uh two covenants. You've got the Old Testament. You've got the New Testament, which is covenants. You've got the Old Covenant, Amen, under the Mosaic law. Then you've got the New Covenant under grace through Jesus Christ. So you you you've got the Old Testament, which consists of the first five books is called the Penetuk. Uh and it and it's Genesis, Exodus, uh Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy. This is the law. This is what this is what God gave Moses. Moses was not as you know Moses wasn't there when Adam and Eve was created. But Moses was a prophet that God revealed this to. So Moses was living many many many years after the fall. But the book of Genesis is a vision that God gave the uh the prophet Moses. Moses told us about the beginning of time. Moses told us uh uh about the uh uh uh uh the flood. Moses, this is all done uh through vision. God spoke through a prophet. And so, and then you've also got you've got the historical books. The Old Testament is is going to have um many books like Joshua, Judges, 1 and 2 Samuel, 1 and 2 Kings. You're going to have Esther. You're you're going to have such books that that sort of gives a history of of the uh of the Jewish people. But it is also a type of what God was going to do. And we'll get into that a little bit further here in a minute. But it was like a it was like a living human uh canvas that God was going it was going to be a blueprint for what God was going to do through the message of grace. So So the law, the Old Testament was a type of that which was going to come in the future. And um and so then you've got the books of wisdom and and I love reading those. You've got Proverbs and uh you've got Ecclesiastes. These are these are uh words that were spoken from uh uh Solomon and and so there's a lot of things there. Then how many have you ever read the book of Psalms? Amen. The book of Psalms is is actually it's it's u it's it's a book of songs. These were these were songs that or or praises that that uh David would write and different ones would write. And so uh so we we've got that. Of course, you've got the the New Testament. Uh you've got your first four gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. This is the account of Jesus, his birth. This is the account of his ministry. This tells about uh everything about about Jesus and his calling the disciples. Amen. Then you've got the book of Acts. The Acts that the book of Acts is is named that because it is the acts of the Holy Spirit through the church. So Jesus came. Amen. He paid the price. The Holy Ghost is poured out upon the church. Now God is not living in Jesus. He's living in you. Living in his church. And the church is fulfilling uh uh the same works that Jesus done. So, so when you look there in the book of Acts, you can see that the church is doing the same signs, wonders, miracles that Jesus was doing uh when when he come in those first four gospels. &gt;&gt; So, so you you can see that then then you've got your other books. The Apostle Paul is the one who wrote uh who who wrote the the basic the the New Testament. um he wrote most of the books and the teachings and and dividing law from grace and and and and bringing a lot of those kinds of things out. So the Bible is is an incredible it's an incredible book and I think it's so important that we get established with reading this book and I want to encourage everyone that is here uh not just the young but I want to encourage everyone amen to make let's let's make a note let's read the Bible clean through amen let's let's set it on our calendar from from today on and this by this time next year, have the Bible read all the way through now. And and and you say, "Oh my, that that's that's that's going to be hard." You've got the apps on your phone these days. It will it will tell you exactly what and how to do it. They'll give you the scriptures to where you can have your your your uh uh the Bible totally read in one year. So, I think it's important. You say, "Well, the Old Testament doesn't I don't I don't know if we need to read the Old Testament." The Old Testament is very important. The Old Testament was the blueprint for what God was going to do in the New Testament. It was a type of what, amen, God was going to do for real. So, so I think I think it's important. Now, the Bible is more than than a book of systems or moral codes. Now we do get our moral codes from here. We we get our uh uh we we we get our history from it. Amen. Uh but but the but the Bible is not altogether a book of history. We we get our theology from it. But but um but it's not a book of theology. The Bible is a living it's the living logos. It's the living word. It's the revelation of the invisible God. Now, this is what God thinks about his word. There in Matthew 4:4, he says, "And he answered and said, it is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God." Everybody say, "But by every word," &gt;&gt; word &gt;&gt; that proceeds &gt;&gt; proceeds &gt;&gt; out of the mouth of God. Amen. So, God gave us his word for a specific purpose. I want you to look and think about the power of scripture. Sister Keys, if you would bring up uh Revelations 1 and3. Let's listen to this. It says, "Blessed is he that readeth and they that hear the words of this prophecy and keep those things that are written therein, for the time is at hand." So you and it's not just something for us to hold on to, but when you read the Bible, you are blessed. When you hear the Bible, so Amen. If you've got a if you've got a a phone app, you you can you can listen or you can or you can read it. Amen. Even for you elders that, you know, maybe your eyes are getting a little bit dim, hey, you can you can turn it on and and and listen. So everyone, there's not an excuse. You're blessed whether you hear it or whether you read it. It is a blessing. Amen. Now, uh, of course, many in the Old Testament could not read. And so, uh, uh, the priests would read the Bible to them, and they were just as blessed to hear it as they were to read it. Amen. there there in there in um Revelations 22:18, the Bible says that if any man would take away from the Bible or add to the Bible, you're under a curse. So if you hear it or read it and do it, you're blessed. But if you take away from it or you say, "Well, it don't matter." Then you're under a curse. So, so this Bible is really important to us. Amen. Revelations 22:18. For I testify unto every man that heareth the word of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in the book. And if any man shall take away from the words of this prophecy, God will take away his part out of the book of life, out of the holy city, and from the things that are written in the book. So if you are deliberately going against the Bible, Amen. Hallelujah. If God says for a woman not to wear pants, and you wear pants, you're under a curse. If you're cutting your hair, ladies, and the Bible says not to, you're under a curse. You say, "Well, you know, God just not a god of curse." You're all cursed. We're all under the curse. God's given us his word to take the curse away from us and to bless us. It's not God going to send you to hell. you're going to go to hell because you're a sinner. &gt;&gt; But God gives us his word so that we can come under that grace. Are y'all understanding that? So, so it's all it's all in whether we want to submit to God or rebel. If you want to rebel against the word, you're a loser. If you want to accept the word, you're a winner. &gt;&gt; I say, "Let me be a winner. Now, so how how many believe it's just that simple? Brother Brandon would explain it this way. He say, "Now you know why it says anyone who reads or even hears it is blessed. It is the revelation of God that will give you the authority over the devil." You can see why they who would add or take from it would be cursed. It would have to be so for who can add or take from the perfect revelation of God and overcome the enemy. It's that simple. There is nothing of such prevailing power as the revelation of the word. Are are you catching that? So if I'm going to win and and and and the devil's going to fight every one of you kids and and he's going to fight us all. Amen. whether we've got the Holy Ghost or whether we don't have the Holy Ghost. He's going to tell us and he'll beat us around the stump on our feelings. &gt;&gt; But you see, the word is our absolute. &gt;&gt; The word's our absolute. It doesn't matter what I feel. It's what God's word says. And if God's word says, "I'll never leave you nor forsake you," that settles it for me. &gt;&gt; If God's word says, Amen, that if I adhere to his word, I'm under his blessing, then Satan, I don't care what you say. You can you can flap your jaws all you want to. This is my absolute. &gt;&gt; I don't care about my daddy. Don't care about my mama. It don't care about my grandpa. Don't care about this preacher or this one or that or my opinion. My opinion don't matter. I have I have surrendered everything to what this says. And I want to know what this says because I want to be blessed. &gt;&gt; Somebody say I want to be blessed. How many want your marriage to be blessed? &gt;&gt; How many wants your children to be blessed? &gt;&gt; Amen. There's only a few of you. How many want your marriage to be blessed? &gt;&gt; How many wants your children to be blessed? &gt;&gt; How many want your parents to be blessed? &gt;&gt; How many wants your parents to be blessed? &gt;&gt; Amen. Now, so this is this is incredible. Now, I'm I'm I I'm want to just take a hopefully just another 15 minutes. This Bible is not a regular book. Again, it's not it's not theology. It's not it's it's not a um um it it's not like a how would I put it, man? Um, you know, you you could you could write a you could write a book uh um that would um well let let me just Okay, so the Bible is is um is comprised of 66 books. So this Bible has 66 books new and old uh covenant. There are 40 writers in this in this Bible. So there are 40 men who wrote books for from Genesis to Revelation. This Bible was written over a period of 1600 years. That's 1,600 years from start to finish is how long it took to write this Bible. &gt;&gt; All right, everyone say it with me. 66 books, &gt;&gt; 40 writers, &gt;&gt; 1,600 years. And when they canonized it, when they put it all together and put the the the the binder around it, there was not one contradiction from the start to the end. In the Muslim, in the Muslim world, the man Muhammad wrote the book. He wrote the Quran. That is one man in his lifetime writing the Quran. In the Mormon movement, there was one man, Joseph Smith, who wrote uh uh the the what is that book anyway? The Book of Mormon. Hallelujah. And and there was so all of these these all of these religions, one man, one writer, one lifetime. Our our religion, the Christian religion, 60 books, 1,600 years, 40 writers, Come on. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. Let's Let's think of this. We Let's just say let's just say you what what what has what transpired in 1,600 years? Can you get somebody that wrote 1,000 years ago to agree with somebody who was writing something today? Okay, let's just let's let's just put it. Okay. 150 years ago, there were no cell phones. 150 years ago there was no cars. 150 years ago there were no rockets. There were no jet airplanes. 150 years ago uh uh uh man we were stuck we were stuck with a horse and buddy now. So, a man that was writing 150 years ago would not know how to even halfway understand a guy that is living today. &gt;&gt; He don't know. &gt;&gt; Are y'all hearing me? &gt;&gt; So, so, but but I'm not I'm not talking about 150 years. Let's go 150 years plus 150 years plus 150 years plus 100. Are are y'all I mean, we're we're we're going way back here now. And when the Bible all come together, they all agreed. Brother Merrl, these men did not even know each other. &gt;&gt; That one's already been dead. They're all dead. No one ever met each other. And yet, when the Bible when all their writings were put together, they were all saying the same thing. &gt;&gt; Why am I making a big deal about this? Because the Bible is a supernatural book. It was written by God. &gt;&gt; Men didn't write the Bible. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Now, if you if you were to look Amen. The Bible, the Bible says, now here's here's the re here's the accuracy and I want you to understand God. The Bible says in f first John or just put John 1 and one. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. So in the beginning was the word. The word in the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. But yet the Bible wasn't wrote in the beginning. It was the living word or it was it was it was the the the the invisible word, the invisible God. It was God himself. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. God is a living word. In other words, God knows the beginning from the ending. Anything that you can put together, God sees in the very past. God sees in the very Nothing is new to God. God is all knowing. So we we refer I don't know what you kids refer to these days in school, but we we refer to everything in Webster. You'd have to go to Webster. You know Webster, the dictionary. &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, God was the God was the first Webster. God knows it all. God, every word, every event, everything, God has seen it from the beginning to the ending. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then the Bible says there in the 14th verse, "And the word was made a man." If you'd put that up there, verse uh, "And the word was made flesh." the word, that invisible word that knows all things. He knew you millions of years before you got here. He knew this church would be He knew you'd be sitting right here and he knew you'd be picking your your your your neck right now. He's seen that millions of years ago. And I'm not picking on you. I'm just saying God seen it. God seen you scribbling on your little tablet right there. See that? That's God seen it. God seen you looking at her saying see God seen God knew nothing's by accident. God seen every knat every time it bats its eye. God knows it all before there was ever a world. &gt;&gt; He's the word. He's all knowing. He's all sufficient. And God has been so good to take out of that invisible rim of all knowingness and to bring it down in pages so that human beings can know what he knows. The one who sees it all, knows it's coming, knows all about the devil, knows what the devil's going to try in every which direction. And God puts it right here so that we can have a perception of what God does. &gt;&gt; Now, how does he do it? He has to have specially built men. The Bible was written by prophets. The Bible says, let's let's let's look here in uh am I doing okay so far? The the Bible says there in second Peter 1:20, he says, "Knowing this first that no prophecy of scripture is of any divine interpretation." In other words, I can't say, "Well, well, well, I I I I believe it's like this." And you say, "Well, I believe it's like this." No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You're not the word. You're not the all knowing. God's the logos. God's the all knowing. Isn't that you? You can't wrap your mind around it. So we don't have any interpretation coming. We believe what the Bible says. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, so, so let's read it. Knowing this first that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of men, but holy men of God spake as they were moved upon by the Holy Ghost. We went through that this last Sunday. What was that Holy Ghost? Amen. That was the breath of God. That was that living word. That was that anointing, that messiahic anointing upon the earth. Now, amen. So, so, so you understand what I'm saying? there there are approximately 2500 prophecies in the Bible. Now you go look at these other other prophecies. I know I know Muhammad was a uh was a prophet and um you know there was there you know Mormon was a prophet and there was you know that we we've got all of these things here but we're talking about and and and to each their own what whatever I you know if they were prophets we but this here is 25 over 2500 prophecies that we're not saying one of these days something no we're talking about prophecies where God would come down hundreds and hundreds of years before things would happen and would prophesy. There are events taking place right now that was prophesied thousands of years ago &gt;&gt; by his prophets. I would tell you right now, if you're going to be a winner, it would be a good thing for us to read the Bible every day &gt;&gt; and be serious about it and say, "Lord, I want to know. I want to know." Amen. So, now we we've we so we can we can see those things. Now once again, if we were together, medical books written by 40 different doctors over the span of 1600 years, do you think all those medical doctors would agree? I was reading in history yesterday. Uh I I I I was reading in history. Do you know Do you know what killed George Washington? George Washington, you know, he was he was in he was in great health and uh uh you know, he it was it was a cold cold winterry day and and he had to get out and do some chores and and and uh well, they said he didn't want to uh you know, he had that they were going to go to a dinner later on and he didn't want to change his clothes and then so he just kept his clothes clothes on for a little bit and and and uh uh you know, for to the road to the dinner and this that and the other. Well, they get home and he's feeling he's feeling bad and and and he's and he's telling his wife and and so you know what they done? They bled him. They cut the what they call bled. They cut him and and made blood come out of because this is the how because he was he he had some kind of a pneumonia or something and so they were going to try to get the stuff out of his blood. They said that that that his uh uh whoever was there cut him and and and and uh so that he could feel better. And then when the real doctors got there, they cut him some more. They said he lost 40% of his blood. And this was by the best doctors in the country. Well, he died eight hours later. I wondered what from. Right. &gt;&gt; So, so they were trying to cure pneumonia by bleeding. Now, this this is only a couple hundred years ago. We're not talking about 1600. We're talking about a couple too, right? You think that our science that our doctors today would agree with? Do you think if that doctor wrote a book that bled him and the doctors has been writing book for the last 200 years, would they agree? No. Because they're growing in knowledge. God is the word. There is no growing in knowledge. He is all knowing. &gt;&gt; He's everliving. He knows the beginning from the end. God is not a word on a book. He's living word. He knows all things. He's everywhere through his divine understanding. &gt;&gt; Amen. How about science? You think science would change? I wonder what science would have been back 150 years ago when all the all we had was donkeys and cows and horses and and buck boards. You think those scientists would agree with our scientists today? But our Bible, 40 men, 66 books, 1600 years, and they all say the same thing. I say word bless. Now, now it's it's it's incredible because when you read the Bible, it all has one message. One message. The Bible from front to the back is one message. Any Can anyone tell me what the message is? What is the message? Redemption. Redemption is its message. Brother Brandham says, "If you can't see Jesus from the front of the Bible to the back of the Bible, you need to go back and read again." Then he goes down about five minutes later and he says, "If you can't see yourself in the Bible from the start to the end, you need to go back and read it again." &gt;&gt; The purpose was redemption. So the Bible, when you're reading the Bible, don't just got to read. I'm going to try to get this done in a year. No, no. This is all about who you are, who God is, and what he's wanting you to know about him. The prophet of God says when we read when we read the Bible, we our our number one prayer should be revelation. Lord, reveal yourself to me. &gt;&gt; Open my eyes. I'm just a human. I can't remember what I can't remember what happened yesterday. And I sure don't know what's going to happen tomorrow. So God may I I need your help. I need your help for me to understand this supernatural book. So we pray and that's why we need the Holy Ghost is to ask the Lord to help us in in in this regard. Now so so you remember Jesus was the Christ. Jesus was the logos. Jesus was the living word embodied. Okay? Jesus had a time where he was born. Jesus had a time when he left the earth. &gt;&gt; The Christ, the logos, the Messiah, the living word, never had a beginning nor an ending. So that logos that came upon Christ, Amen. that great pillar of fire. That's the reason why Jesus would say when he appeared to the Apostle Paul and and and now you know he when he when when when when the light appeared to Paul and and Paul says who art thou Lord who art thou Jehovah and then and and and Jesus and the pillar of fire answers back I am Jesus because once the pillar of fire come into the body of Jesus Christ it was now uh uh uh synonymous with Jesus. So now any time that you would see that pillar of fire, you can say Jesus. But the the Christ, the anointing has been here from ages to ages. Are y'all catching me? So when the Holy Ghost comes upon the church today, it's that same pillar of fire that is that is split up that same logos that is upon us to do what purpose? To live and fulfill his word. Now, all right. So, let's let's just read a few things here and then we'll we'll get we'll start winding it down. Now, let's look Hebrews 1 and one. God, somebody say God. &gt;&gt; Who at sunundry times and diverse manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets. So the logos, the the great God, he spoke in times past to the fathers, to the people by the prophets. God was the author. The prophets were simply Amen. the the used the pen. The prophets could see ahead. The prophets could look back and tell us. Moses could tell us what happened in the garden and Moses had never been there. But as God was showing him this, Moses was writing it. So who wrote it? Moses or God? God's the author. He was simply Amen. He was simply the man that pinned it down. Amen. Am I making it clear enough? &gt;&gt; Now listen to this. God who at times in diverse manners spake in times past unto the fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken unto us by his son. Now I think this is this is wonderful because brother Brandham would would would let us know amen that okay he prophesied there's a lot of prophecies all through those Old Testament but when Jesus come he was the vindication. So when Jesus came, he was the fulfillment of all of these prophecies. Amen. So when we looked at Jesus, we could see all of those things that God had already been saying is going to happen fulfilled in his body. Brother Brennan would put it this way. The Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ. It was wrote by the prophets. Hebrews 1:1 God in new sunundry times spake to the fathers by the prophets in the last days speak to us through his son Jesus Christ which was the prophets all of them put together Jesus was Malachi Jesus was Jeremiah Jesus was Isaiah Jesus was Elijah all that they were is in him now now catch that because the Bible is living. So God is calling those Old Testament men and he's living his life through them to show what the Messiah Jesus Christ was going to look like. &gt;&gt; Are y'all catching that or no? So, so instead of just putting it on a on a blackboard and God saying, "Okay, this is this, this, this, this, this, this, you get that. Give you an A+ if you got that." That that's that's not the way God done it. God is living. God's a spirit. God ain't got hands. God ain't got feet. So God would choose a man to come and move upon and act himself out as to what he was going to do. &gt;&gt; What's no in the flood? God was proving that judgment was going to come on the earth and that there had to be a safety. There had to be an ark. &gt;&gt; There was going to be a prophet saying, "This is the ark. Get in." Here we are in the last day before judgment and God has sent us a prophet and said, "Get in to Jesus Christ." It was all there. God showed it by example for us to see what it is today. The lamb of the Old Testament, the priests of the Old Testament was simply to show us that Jesus would be the one who gives his life for me and you. And when you can identify it, the Apostle Paul says, "This is him." &gt;&gt; You see that? Okay. All right. Now, so, so let's just look here real quick. I'm going to I'm going to give you some I'm I'm going to show you some words here, some scriptures just real quick. Philippians 2:16 it says holding forth the word of life that I may rejoice in the day of Christ that I did not run in vain neither labored in vain. In other words, I am declaring the word of life and I want you to grasp it and hold firmly to it. You're listen I'm I'm I'm declaring you're hearing. I want you to take hold of it. All right. Now, let's look here at First John. He's going to give us another vision of it. 1 John 1 and1 that which is from the beginning which we have heard which we have seen with our eyes which we have looked upon our hands have handled of the word of life for the life was manifested and we seen it and bear witness and show unto you that eternal life. Now, so one here's you got the declared word and then you've got the living word. Paul is saying, "I'm declaring the word and I want you to really take this word to heart." And then John says, "I seen the word. I seen it living in a literal body. My hands touched him. My eyes beheld him. I seen the word in a body. Now you say, "Now this is crazy, brother Wendle." No, let's just go back. Let's let's read a few more scriptures. Let's let's look here real quick. All right, let let's let's look here. Uh uh uh there in uh of course we don't have to turn to Romans 19 or Revelations 19 when Jesus comes and the Bible says he he's going to be called his name will be called the word of God. Jesus is going to be called the word of God. Let's look here at Hebrews 4:12. The word of God is quick. And that word quick is is not really it. It it literally means living and active. So the word of God is living and active and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even the dividing a sunder of the soul and spirit and of the joints and minds and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Now watch this. Neither now now if you're looking at this you're thinking word Bible word. Watch. Neither is there any creature that is not manifest in his his person his sight. But all things are naked and open unto the eyes of him who we have to do. The word of God is not a book. The word of God is the living Christ that was exempl that was exemplified in the body of Christ. And as you read the Bible, you're going to understand and you listen to the message, that's what the prophet was trying to tell us. Now, that word is living in your body. Now, when I'm looking, I don't have to go say, "Well, I I wish I I wish I was John. I I like what Devin said. you know, the the the prophet age, if the prophet, oh, it'd be nice to go up there to the prophet where where where where I could get the Holy Ghost. But now I can truly say, "Amen, I am handling the word of life." &gt;&gt; You're the word of life. You've got the same. If the same spirit that was in Christ lives in you, it quickens your mortal body. So now you're the word. So now that you're looking when you understand that when you read the Bible, you're reading about yourself. You're reading about redemption. You're reading about what God Are y'all understanding? So So this is so beautiful. Amen. Now, now and and and then just a few more. Look, look here at First Peter 1:23. being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God that is on pages, &gt;&gt; by the word of God that is preached behind the pullpit, &gt;&gt; by the word of God, which lives &gt;&gt; and abideth. forever. Now we know why this prophet 1600 years ago was saying the same thing that this prophet because it's the living word different vessels. &gt;&gt; I'm not William Brham. I don't have the gift of William Brandom. I'm not a prophet. But I can believe it the way he said it because the same spirit that was in him is in me. &gt;&gt; And the same spirit that is in me was in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Can Can you say amen? &gt;&gt; So So we So the Bible is important. So, so those that say, "Ah, it don't matter what, you know, I understand God, you know, I just," and you don't want to line your life up and clean your life up according to the word of God, and you just want to keep on going the way. Oh, you're under a curse, and you can't win. The word has made me wiser than my enemies. Satan wants to destroy me. The word, the living word, the word that knows front, back, in, out is in me. Now that word is, that's the inside teacher. Now, when I read the pages, the inside teacher is showing me right here. &gt;&gt; And it all lines up with that vindicated prophet. &gt;&gt; All right. Well, I just figured that y'all would be a little bit more excited about this teaching tonight. Amen. Now, I want us to to to think just real quickly and and I I I want to show just a few things here just uh in in the life of um um Okay, so here's David. How how many how many how many knows who David is? David was a man after God's own heart. David was one. Now the living word as I say would overtake the prophets and he would act himself through them. Moses threw himself between God and the people. He throws himself and he says you'll have to destroy me before you destroy them. You you you you cannot you cannot uh uh what you know uh uh I can't remember the exact words but he but he's saying you know uh your testimony throughout the earth if you were to destroy them. Brother Brandham says, he said, Moses didn't realize it, but it was the spirit of Christ that was upon him, that was standing. He says he was simply talking about Jesus that was going to come hundreds of years later. &gt;&gt; He says when when when these guys would would would stand, he said, and it was move upon him. Now, Brother Brandham would teach us and and that that David, he he would say he said, "David must have been so weird to so many people." and and uh uh he said, you know, like like Psalms 22:1. Now, y'all get this. I want y'all to catch this. Now, David in Psalms 22:1, he says, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? Why art thou so far from helping me than from the words of my roaring?" Now, Brother Brandham said those around David was looking at him thinking, um, we're sitting here in the palace. Um, you've got friends all over. Whoa. what um the logos would come upon him and he was repeating Sister Clea if if you'd put that at Mark 15 and 34. Amen. 15 and 34 the the end the the the end of that be amen. And here Jesus Jesus is being crucified there at the end he says he says my God my God why hast thou forsaken me? This was a prophecy of that which was to come. Look, look, look here, look here at Psalms 22:6. But I am a worm and no man, a reproach of men, and despised of the people. How they that see me laugh me to scorn, and they shoot out the lip, and they shake their head, saying, He trusted on the Lord, that he would deliver him. Let him deliver him, seeing he delightth in him. The logos was coming upon an Old Testament prophet and was speaking through him of something that was going to happen in the future. Are are y'all understanding this? So what I'm trying to tell you the Bible is not just are man this is this this is totally cool. We we understand Luke 23 and35. Amen. The exact thing happened. Psalms 22:13. They gaped upon me with their mouths and their ravening and a line, a roaring line, and I am poured out like water. All my bones are out of joint. My heart is like wax. It is melted in the midst of my bowels. My strength has dried up like a poture, and my tongue cleaveth to my jaw, and thou hast brought me unto the dust of death. For dogs have compassed me. The assembly of the wicked have enclosed. They've pierced my hands and my feet. May tell all my bones. They look and stare at me. They part my garments among them, and they cast lots upon my vast. But uh but be not thou far from me, oh Lord, my strength. Haste to help me. What was David doing? It was God not writing it here. It was God living it through his. &gt;&gt; Now, why is that important? Because the finish of redemption, God is still writing his Bible. &gt;&gt; God is still moving himself through you, overcoming through you, defeating the devil through you. Isn't that just beautiful? &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Psalms 34 and 20, he keepeth all his bones, and not one of them is broken. Not one of them is broken. Now here he is now and David just the top part, the bottom part. I mean, he's just writing a nice little song and then all of a sudden he keepeth all his bones and not one of them has broken. Those guys would look at him and think, David, do you see? But it was so important that scripture there was so important because it was that it the Passover lamb could not have his bones broke. And God wanted this be in the holy rit because there could not be a broken bone in Jesus because he was going to type the Passover lamb. And the p it had already been said, you cannot break a bone of that lamb. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. And then and so here they come. The the the Bible says that the the Bible says, "Amen." You know, of course, Jesus was Jesus was crucified during Passover. Paul wrote, "He is our Passover lamb." John the Baptist says, "Behold the lamb of God." The Passover lamb could not have a bone broken. There in Exodus 12:46, in in one house shall it be eaten. Thou shalt not carry forth ought of the flesh abroad out of the house, neither shall you break the bone thereof. Look, look there in John 19 and31. The Jews therefore because it was the preparation and the bodies could not remain upon the cross on the Sabbath day for the Sabbath day was on the high day besought Pilate that their legs might be broken that they might be taken away. Then the soldiers then came the soldiers and break the legs of the first and of the other which way they crucified him. But when they came to Jesus and saw that he was dead already, they break not his legs. &gt;&gt; This book is This book is This book is crazy incredible. This book How could he How could David know that? How could David know that all those many many many hundreds and hundreds and hundreds years ago? What was going? Well, it was easy. The word, the living word fell upon him and the same one came upon Jeremiah and the same one came on Isaiah. The same God came on every one of them and they wrote the book and it all says the same thing. So when we read this guys, I know there's a lot of you that like to read fairy tales and like to read novels. And listen, if you read that stuff more than you read the Bible, I I'm just not much in I I don't I don't I don't like you girls reading love stories. I think it puts a lot of mush in your head. I think it puts stuff up there that that's not in reality to the world to to to to to what's here and it puts a lot of junk in your head. Uh you you have high expectations about your Romeo. But this right here puts expectations that are real. this thing right here. If you can catch a hold of what God's trying to tell you in this thing right here and you understand that you are the bride of the God of heaven. Come on now. If you boys could understand how incredible you are in the sight of God, Brother Brandham said, "Then this would become the greatest love story because this truly is a love letter." This truly is God making it to you. It was the son of God in a body. Well, can you say amen? Look at the predictions of M and and this is this is an easy one. We we we like this. We we we do this every Christmas. They're in in musicians can come. They're in Micah 5 and one. Amen. It says, "Now gather thyself in troops, oh daughters of troops. He Rome hath laid siege against us. They shall smite the judge of Israel Christ with a rod upon the cheek. But thou Bethlehem Euphr, though thou be young or or little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall he come forth unto me, that is to be the ruler in Israel, whose goings forth have been from old and from everlasting. God was declaring, I'm going to create a body And who is this body? Who is this going to be? This it's sad in the message. We got we got people that still trying to separate Jesus from God. Still trying when you understand that God God created that body. And yes, the flesh had to pray. And yeah, but Jesus was God. Jesus was Jesus will never be separated from God again. God. God and Christ are one. And right here declares it, man. This one that's going to be born is going to be from everlasting. Who is from everlasting? There ain't an eternal son. It's the great eternal God living in that body. Can you say amen? Isaiah 7 and 14. Therefore, the Lord himself shall give you a sign, and behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son, and thou shalt call his name Emmanuel. What is Emanuel? God with us. &gt;&gt; What it's showing here is the living word is going to take on a body. It's going to take on a body. It's going to be God. Look, look there at look there at Isaiah 9 and6. For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given. And the government shall be upon his shoulders, and his name shall be called Wonderful Counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father, the prince of peace. This great eternal God was going to be living in a body. Doesn't that isn't that just beautiful? That's redemption. That's redemption. Well, I sure wish some of you was more enthused about the word of the Lord because this this this could really be a game changer for you someday because what I've shared with you tonight will really it'll really help you to defeat the enemy. But if all you're interested in is, "Well, I'm tired and yeah, I've heard that message." You're missing the whole point. You're missing the whole point. The living word is here. And if you're not willing to get out of that tiredness and say, "Lord, yes, yes, do it." Then you're going to go back home. You've heard some words. So, you're going to throw your Bible back on the on the on the on the uh table and and it's and it's going to be done and God's not living in your body living his word. Just another read your Bible, when you come to church, the same living God should be doing something on the inside of you if he lives in you. the that that living God inside is he's been doing every he sent a prophet to make sure that you get it right. &gt;&gt; And that that that Holy Spirit should be saying yes. Yes. I've got some men that are preaching it exactly the way the prophet brought it. Oh, take it. Take it. Take it. But if we're lukewarm with it, right? I don't want to be lukewarm with it. I don't want that. I want the word to be living. &gt;&gt; Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh man, isn't he just wonderful? &gt;&gt; He's just wonderful. Praise the Lord. I I just love him. I love him. I I I do. I I I as as I've just been thinking along that, of course, you know, thinking uh you know, I I' I've enjoyed just just looking over some of those scriptures and and and um and and and thinking, you know, just just just that little bit there. If I could get the new converts to understand that and really get serious with about this, it'll change lives. If I could get mas and daddies really to see this and you kids really to see this, right? The Quran says you better, you better, you better. Buddha tells you you gota, you got to, you gota, you gota, you got to all of these other but but this one here is the great God Almighty living in us and making his work to live. I love him. I love him. Praise the Lord. Isn't he wonderful? Wonderful. Wonderful is Jesus my Lord. Wonderful [Music] eyes not see ears have heard what's recorded in God's word is Jesus our Lord [Music] is and wonderful. &gt;&gt; Oh, you're so wonderful. You're so wonderful. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Eyes have seen. Oh, watch recorded in God's word. Isn't he my Lord? Wonderful. Isn't Jesus my Lord? [Music] thinking of an old song. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. We lift our hearts before you as a token of our love. Holy, holy, holy, holy. Let's try it again. I don't know if you're all right. You got it on on on a lot of it. Holy, holy. Then go up to the minor. Holy, holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. We lift our hearts before you as a token of our love. [Music] Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You know what that does? I I as as I was thinking of that word and I I thought it was an old song, but as I as I was looking at it, I thought, "Oh, God, what caused that reverence? because that what caused that deep sincerity in that prophet. It's because he seen the living God. He seen he was convinced that he is the great and that he is with us today. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy Lord God Almighty. We lift our hearts before you as a token of our love. Holy, holy, holy, holy. Let's try another verse. Precious Jesus. Precious Jesus, we're so glad that you've come to redeem us. Precious Jesus, we lift our hands before you as a token of our love. Precious Jesus. Precious Jesus. Precious Jesus. Oh, a precious Jesus. We're so glad that you have come to redeem us. Oh, we lift our hands and walk before you as a token of our love. Precious Jesus. Precious Jesus. You love him. Holy Spirit, Holy Spirit, come and fill our hearts a new. Holy Spirit, we lift our voice before you as a token of our love. Precious Jesus or Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I love you, Lord. [Music] Oh, I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, yes. Here's another older song that I was thinking today. Jesus, [Music] what a wonder you are. You are so gentle. Yes. Yes. Yes. So pure and so kind. [Music] You shine like the morning star. &gt;&gt; Oh Jesus. Jesus. What a wonder. One more time. Can we just sing it from our heart? The living word. Lord Jesus, [Music] what a wonder you are. [Music] You are so careful. [Music] You're so pure and so kind. You [Music] Like a bright morning star. Jesus. [Music] What a wonderful [Music] Thank you, Lord. We thank you for your choosing us. There are certain scriptures you put on the printed page that was meant for me, that was meant for this people, this generation. And your prophet would say, "Well, you might not see Orman Neville or you might not see this name." [Music] But the mystery of it, there's something about that word that is saying, "This is you. [Music] You're the human canvas. You're the one that I'm going to use to fulfill this word." That we say thank you. Oh, let us walk with you and talk with you. I ask that this revelation of this word would be so precious to this people. Let this message be so dear and so rich. I thank you for it, Father. We thank you. Thank you for such wonderful young people. Thank you for mas and daddies, Lord, who's got one goal, and that's to raise warriors of the cross, willing to teach them how to surrender and give themselves, surrender themselves to that great logos. Thank you for the ministers that still preach this gospel. Thank you, Lord, for the prophet that you sent us. Thank Thank you, Lord. Thank you for giving us eyes to see and ears to hear. Now, Lord, we want to respond by just giving ourselves to you and say, "Use us. Let my let my body reflect your word. [Music] Let me never bring you shame, but let me bring you glory." Now, Father, we give ourselves to you and we ask that you would forgive us of our sin. Make us pure. If you show us in your Bible, Lord, we want to be very quick to obey it. Help us, Jesus. Thank you for your Holy Spirit, that great breath of God. Now Lord, before we close, I thank you for being with sister uh sister Denise today. Thank you Lord for bringing her through that surgery. Thank you for helping her now. Lord, we just ask that you would help her as she was in a lot of pain earlier, Lord, when we were when she came out of the surgery. and just ask, Father, that you'd be with her and give her peace and let her rest really well tonight. Give her a speedy recovery. Father, we thank you that all cancer is gone. Will you just we accept it, Lord, that when she goes back for her for her appointment, Lord, that they'll not find one speck of cancer in that body. We thank you for it. We love you today. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. We love you tonight. God richly bless you. Amen. So glad to have all of you back from Ohio. So glad for the great report and uh we're we're just we're just thankful uh for for these all these wonderful testimonies. Praise the Lord. None of us are subpar. None of us are subpar when we can find oursel in Bible. When we can find oursel in Bible, let the devil do what he wants to and say what he wants to, nothing can take that away. God richly bless you. Amen. We'll just sing that song. Yeah. Oh, G, you can dismiss yourselves. We love you. Press the battle. looking forward to the um the the uh the sale, you know, the rib sale for for um this this weekend. And I think we're going to start uh cooking to tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow at 5. And so do do we need help for that? [Music] So, if if anyone wanted to anyone wanted to come over and um you know, I know Kobe usually helps with w with that. And um but man, he's he's sick and uh and so uh of course he might be changed tomorrow, but I don't know if we even want him around it. and and so uh uh I noticed I I tried to get him to stay home and he he he he kind of led songs but uh he he just wasn't feeling good. And so uh so let's pray for brother Kobe. Um so any you know some some of you brothers that want to come and help. It's it's it's quite uh it's quite an event. And then uh then then we've got Friday uh where we're going to be delivering and things. And so there, you know, uh there'll be plenty of things to do for so those that aren't doing anything and you want some good fellowship and and want to I love these kind of days, man. We all get to rub shoulders and and uh brother Merl was was going to be here, we'd make him buy us all a rack of ribs or something, you know. But he's heading out tonight. Got a graduation to go to. Actually, these guys are all getting back from Ohio and he's going to Ohio and, uh, his wife is hijacking him again. Amen. And so, um, but so, uh, those that want to be a part of that, we we say we'll take all the help we can get. And, uh, and even if you're not a help, you can just sit there for moral support. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Love y'all. Amen. You're dismissed. Jesus, [Music] what a wonder you are. [Music]
