Date: 1950-04-09
Title: Baptismal Service
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville
Duration: IN, no audio
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 50-0409

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ...?... Lived in the hearts of the apostles and opened the eyes of the blind, shall be saved. And he that believeth not shall be damned. These signs shall follow them that believe: in My Name shall they cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. If they take up serpents or deadly things it shall not harm them. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] ...?... And after He had said this, He was taken up into heaven, and set at the right hand of the Father to watch over His church. Whatever you confess that He is to you, that's what He confesses before the Father, from whence He shall come in His power, and His glory... And His disciples went forth everywhere, preaching, the Lord working with them confirming the Word with signs following: Saint Mark 16.

L-2 How Wonderful He is, how Glorious He is. There's no greater time in the world than this for baptism. Just remain right there on the... The boys will be out in few moments...?... candidates has heard the Voice of the Resurrected Christ. There was a woman stood in her head for... Seen Grant come in to take Richmond. She was a foreigner. She said, "My eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord." Someday He shall come. All of our sorrows will be over then. This is a marvelous day, a day for the resurrection. If there's any of you...?... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-3 While He was... The Spirit of the Lord said, "Go near to the chariot," and here was the eunuch reading the Scripture, Isaiah 40: "All we like sheep have gone astray and God has laid upon us the iniquity--upon Him, the iniquity of us all, but He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon Him. With His stripes we were healed." And Philip said, "Understandest thou what thou readest?" He said, "How can I 'less someone teach me?" So Philip got up on the chariot and o--taken the same Scripture begin to speak to him of the resurrection of Christ and His power. I believe Christ is with us, don't you? And the eunuch said, "Here's water. What does hinder me from being baptized?" as soon as he heard the message. He said, "Thou mayest, if thou believest with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind." He said, "I believe with all of my heart, soul, and mind, that Jesus Christ is the Son of God." He stopped the chariot. It was done. When you truly, in your heart, believe that He is the Son of God, He that believeth shall not be condemned. He stopped the chariot. Philip and the eunuch went down into the water. Philip obeyed his commission by baptizing him. And when he did, the Spirit of the Lord caught him away. They didn't see him any more; he was two hundred miles away. Stand him...?... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Here...

L-4 To the dying one.... Now saved and filled with the Spirit. They were all shouting and screaming and carrying on. The Holy Spirit was falling. Next thing was baptism after conversion. Acts the 2nd chapter, the 37th verse: And when they heard this, they were pricked in their heart and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent, and be baptized, every one of you, in the Name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost; for the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." Heavenly Father, nineteen hundred years since the Scripture has been written, and Your promise is still moving on. And now, Lord, here these young people, these two young ladies standing here to my right, they've accepted You as their Saviour; they believe the Gospel story. To my left, Lord, is my little nephew Melvin, and my own boy. O God, if it's possible this morning that two mothers could be called to look over the banister, to look down and see their boys now... Oh, how happy I am, Lord. Oh, to know that You, You answer prayer. That poor little mother Ruth, she's gone on years ago, but her prayer is answered now. She prayed that he would love You and serve You. He's making his stand this morning. To these others, their mothers maybe has gone on, Lord, we don't know; Thou does, but whatever, answer prayer. 50-0409, Baptismal Service, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, no audio And now, dear Father, as Your humble servant, a minister of the Gospel, I bring forward to perform my duty, as a priest. God, have mercy. And as I baptize them with the water, may the Holy Spirit seal Christ into their hearts. And may as they come up out of the water as You come up on the Easter morning, and may they raise from the watery grave of this chilly cold water; may someday, if they go to rest in the grave, may the clay clods break, the tombstone roll back. They'll be reunited again, Lord, with their loved ones in the kingdom with our Lord Jesus Christ Who made all this possible. May each one go with a full memory, the full assurance of what they're doing, moving--that they're moving forward now, believing this story to be true. He said, "He that believeth shall not be condemned. I am the Resurrection and Life. He that believeth in Me though he were dead, yet shall he live. Whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die." Here's their faith, their testimony. Lord, as I baptize them into the fellowship of this church, Lord, baptize them into the fellowship of Thy beloved Son by the Holy Spirit, for we ask it in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. God bless you each as you go to your room. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-5 ... confessing your faith, going down in the Name of the Lord Jesus, believing that Jesus died and rose again this morning, going...?... and may God bless him and make a preacher out of him is my prayer, to carry the Word of Life to a dying nation. Let us bow their heads. O heavenly Father, have mercy, dear Father. Look at this poor little boy standing here. If it was possible, we don't know the...?... Lord. If it's possible, Lord, may his mother, in the lands there, re--realize this morning that her dear boy now is turning to the Lord Jesus; going into an old chilly grave, knowing that someday the clods will move off his face and she'll come forward, the resurrection. God bless him and make a great man out of him, Lord, let him glorify Your Name. Now...?... Lord, I seen that he would--You'd call him someday. And I pray that You'll give him, oh, Eternal Life, Lord. And if it be Thy will, make a minister out of him to preach the Word. Hear my prayer, Lord, as Thou has commissioned us to go into all the world, make disciples of all nations, baptizing them into the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Upon the confession of your faith and your faith in the Son of God, I baptize thee, my beloved brother, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-6 [The people sing, "Where He Leads me I will Follow." Brother Branham speaks during the song.--Ed.] Praise the Lord...?... Everyone knows Brother...?... I know how...?... his family back yonder, here's the answer to your prayer. Here's one of God's... Here's a man that's been to me like a daddy. Many times I've coldly turned him down. That's right. No matter how much I turned him down or what I did, he was my buddy just the same. That's a real friend. That's not a dry weather friend; that's a friend who sticks by you in right or wrong. I'm happy this morning for Brother Nelson. I'm happy that he's chosen this day. I... Little did I know that he would do it, but he has chose this day, the resurrection, accepting Jesus as His Saviour, believing in His resurrection, and testifying before the people this morning, that he believes in the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ, accepts Him as his Saviour, and now to be baptized. I didn't know standing out there, that he would be baptized. Brother Mack, God bless you, my dear brother. I pray that God will fill him with the Holy Spirit. ...?... one ...?... His place down there is just one constant place for ministers. Anything... Ministers just come by and just help themselves to what he has. Good hearted, good natured, him and his wife and his children. And I pray God will just bless abundantly more now. While we pray now, you bow your head. You turn right around this way...?... Almighty God, there's never been a charitable deed this man has done but what You knowed about it. You've got it all recorded up there in full. But the greatest deed that he's ever done in his life, the greatest thing, is accepting Thy beloved Son as His personal Saviour, hear the prayer of his loving wife and his children and everyone praying for him that they walk here to the pool to make a confession before this audience and testifying of being baptized with water, believing this Easter story is true. Almighty God, fill him with the Holy Spirit. Give him a long, happy life, and in the world to come, Eternal Life through Jesus Christ. O Jesus, Son of God, Who taught us to be... Go into all the world, make disciples of all nations, baptizing them into the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit... Upon the confession of your sins, and your faith in the Son of God, I baptized thee, my beloved brother, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-7 Now, we're all praying that God would fill Brother Billy, here, full of the Holy Spirit. I call him Brother Billy, 50-0409, Baptismal Service, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, no audio because we're personal buddies, friends. Just put your arms around now, your body. Heavenly Father, look down upon this scene just now. And as our Brother Jason is standing here with confessed faith in Jesus Christ, believing in the death, burial, and resurrection, standing here in the chilly cool waters represents death that took our Saviour away from here Who died in our place, we go down into a commemoration of His death, burial, and resurrection, to rise to new life to serve Him. Almighty God, bless my brother; bless his talents, make him a great man, Lord, for You. Hear the prayer of Your servant. As Thou has commissioned us, Lord Jesus, that we should go into all the world, make disciples of all nations, baptizing them into the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit, and upon the confession of sin and your faith in the Son of God, I baptize thee, my beloved brother, in the Name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-8 One of the greatest moments of my life. Looking across somebody's shoulder, my mother. I led her out here in the Ohio River and baptized her in the Name of the Lord Jesus. Now, my own boy. O God, if possible, let Hope look down over the banister this morning, look across the veil, hangs between earth and glory. I pray, God, will make a preacher out of my boy. I pray that God will anoint him and give him a double portion of the Spirit. May God bless his life. Thank you all for your prayer. Prayer changes things. I'll pray for your children too. Billy, boy, some of these days, honey, we, if Jesus tarries, we got to go down in one of these, they'll throw dirt on us. But, sonny, God will bring us up. "I know my Redeemer liveth, the last days He'll stand on this earth." I pray that God will bless him, keep the enemy from him. Give him a free access, way down this long road, son. There's many souls dying down there, but throw out the lifeline to them, bring them. I trust, Billy, that you'll stand and baptize literally thousands times thousands for a testimony for the remission of their sins. God, bless my boy, I pray...?... O Master, Oh, how I...?... My boy, Lord, that I've raised for thee. Here's my boy, Lord; he's all I got. I bring him to You this morning. I'm so thankful, Lord, that he believes this...?... So thankful that he's repented, God. O Lord Jesus, O Christ, anoint him with the Holy Ghost. Grant it, Lord, that the power of the Spirit of the resurrected Christ; hold my boy. Grant it, Lord. May he be filled with God's Spirit to preach the Word, unadulterated Gospel of Christ, to all the ends of the world. Grant it, Lord. Bless him and use him. Here he stands by the grave before him, Lord. I think of that morning out yonder, we're going there like mother laying there and sister. O Christ, this will be recorded in Heaven. Have mercy, God, grant my boy faith during his life and on his journey home, bless him in that life, bless him Lord. May he have a great ministry, saving souls. Here he is, Lord. As Thou hast commissioned Thy servant to go into all the world and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them into the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost; therefore, Lord, upon this commission, why, my the heart bleeds to You. My son, upon the confession of your sins and your faith in God's Son, Jesus Christ, I baptize thee, my beloved son, in the Name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Ministry Explained
