Date: 1955-06-08
Title: Abraham
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Porter Stadium
Location: Macon
Duration: GA, 94 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 55-0608

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Thank you, brother. Good evening, friends, very happy to be here tonight. I was just presented with some kind of a present. I believe it's a talking machine. Well, I'll--I'll use it a little later on. Can you hear me upon the platform all right, up and around the balcony? Okay? No, I guess, maybe, I'll have to get this thing around me. (Thank you, brother.) Now, is that better? Can you hear up there now, around the side? All right. That's fine. All right, sir. So we'll set this one back. Well, we're happy to be here tonight to greet you again in the Name of the lovely Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God. And I am happy tonight that His grace to--extends even to me. And by His grace, I one day came to Him and He saved me from a life of sin. And He give me the opportunity to preach the Gospel to the--His people everywhere, calling them to a life of salvation, out of a life of sin. Along with that He gave me the great privilege of praying for His dear beloved sick children. And I'm happy for that opportunity to be here tonight to do that for you.

L-2 And I'm very sorry... Billy... They come got me a few moments ago, and our manager isn't here yet. So I may have to hire somebody sure enough. And at this time, our Dr. brother, Brother Thoms here from South Africa will... Tomorrow night, if Brother Moore isn't here, will you give us the message before coming in? It'd all right. that's fine. And it makes the meeting a little hard on me to try to stand up here to--to speak to you, and then go ahead with the other service too. I'm not used to it, and it throws me out on the line of praying for the sick and so forth, 'cause it's a--it's a dual anointing; it's something different. And Brother Thoms is a very forceful speaker. I've knowed him for a long time, and--since we were in Africa. And I understand that his wife's here. I don't know whether I ever met the sister or not. I hope to get to do that. And Sister Thoms, Mrs. Branham is looking for you to come by, soon as the service is over, and you all come that way. And I want to see that little boy that was named after me, little William. And so, we'll probably, maybe be able to see you before going to Zurich. We just got one day to leave here and get to Zurich, to New York to go to Zurich.

L-3 Now, tomorrow, didn't... You know, this is... Half the meeting is already gone, would you think of it? This has been one of the shortest long meetings I believe I've ever had, so far. Seem like I just started couple days ago. You're such a lovely people, come out at nighttime, set out in the open air, listen. And--and the manager not here to preach to you, and put up with my slobbering and going on... You know, I eat a lot of new grapes out of Canaan, and it causes you to slobber a lot, you know. But...?... So I trying to take his place, and so forth, and then hold the prayer lines, and it certainly makes it kindly hard. So you pray for us, and tonight I'll try just to speak a few moments to get aligned up with the meeting, just the feel of the Spirit and where it's all seated at, and then I'll--I'll... We'll form a prayer line then, and start praying for the sick.

L-4 And I just wonder, while we're speaking this way, don't you think that one night we ought to just come in and--and... Usually when--come in of a nighttime, and not for discernment, just line up everybody that's got prayer cards and pray for them. And I think that would give everybody a good chance to get into the prayer line that wants to have... cards, a holding them. And we just have to take a few each time in these kind of lines. And then, it'll give everybody an opportunity to come and--and be--and be in the prayer line. And soon, we're looking for something to happen, that when I'll be able then to just go and pray for the people right out. If you only knew, my dear beloved friend, what it is to go through what you do under a vision... I brought it on myself; it's not--not... I don't operate it myself, but it come on. I just... The people rallied for it, and I kept going; and now I can't even hold a meeting without it hardly. But if you only knew what you go through with. Just imagine going into another world, back down the line, thirty, forty years in somebody's life, looking at somebody... And you know your voice is coming in here at Macon, Georgia, and yet you're away, somewhere else, in maybe some other nation.

L-5 You know, Daniel had one vision, and he was troubled at his head for many days; just think: one vision. See? And you--you don't realize what that is. And there's no way to explain it; you just have to believe it; that's all. Someone asked me, said, "Why is it you get weak when you get off the platform?" 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min It isn't while I'm standing here that I feel weak; it isn't after I'm out from under it that I feel weak; it's between the two places. And that's--that's just when you're coming out of it. 'Course, it's hard to explain that, but if you'll read the Bible, you'll see that it's true; it's--it's absolutely true.

L-6 So now, tonight coming over, I thought maybe if Brother Moore... Billy said he wasn't here. So I just got a little text of Scripture here that I might read, if God willing. And talk to you just for a few moments to kindly get the crowd settled down and on the thoughts of the Bible. See, after all, whatever I say, is just a man. And now, whatever God says, that's God. Mine will... Mine can fail 'cause I'm just a man, but what He says is the truth, and it won't fail. And now, like the visions, what is that? Yes, sir, that's the Word of the Lord, but it's secondary. If it's contrary to this here, the Word, then it's wrong. See? It has to be... Now, here's the Word of God to the whole world. The foundation, the plan of salvation, everything, this is in the Word. But as an individual who's did something, or something they might not have done, and should've done, now, a vision or a Word from God is absolutely the Word of God to them, but it must line up with this Bible. If it doesn't, it's not of God.

L-7 So I'm so thankful. And in these... Ever since I can remember as a little boy, visions come to me, just a little baby boy. The first thing I can remember was the vision when I was born in the state of Kentucky, and told me I'd live in Indiana near a city called New Albany. I've lived in three year--three miles of it all my life. And I wasn't but eighteen months old when the vision came. And the very time when I was born, that Angel that you see on the picture here was hanging over the little crib bed, where I was born in.

L-8 And my people, of course, formerly, the beginning, are Catholic. We... They emigrated from Ireland to come here. And then, but my father and mother didn't go to any church at all. And they was raised up in the mountains; my father, a logger. And when that Light come in that morning at six o'clock on April the fifth, or April sixth, 1909, and that Light hung over that little crib bed there, a little trundle bed... I don't know what you all know what a trundle bed is or not, a straw tick, a shuck pillow. How many ever seen a shuck pillow or a straw tick? Well, would you look. Now, I'm not the only country boy around here, am I? There's just plenty of us. Well, my, that's mighty fine. I feel like I could come without a tie on now. That's just--that's just fine. Well, that's... My mother, it liked to scared her to death. My dad... My mother was fifteen years old; my dad was eighteen, just kiddies. And so, since then there it's been, nothing--nothing that I had, nothing that I merited, it's... Now, it's just a little gift that God gave, sovereignly give. That's the only way they are given is by the sovereign grace of God.

L-9 And now, let us turn to His Word and read just a few moments. Be reverent, and we know that God will add His blessings to His Word. Now, over in the Old Testament... I love to go to the Old Testament because it's a type of the New, a shadow of the things that's to come. And now, if I speak just a little long, will you pinch me on the leg, or something, here, brother, and let me know that I've spoke too long; 'cause I want to try to pray for everybody I can before leaving Georgia. My first time in your state, and I sure fell in love with you, your first night here. You're just... such a welcome feeling. I don't say that because you're here. If I'd say that just because I was in your presence, I'd be a hypocrite. And I--and I don't--I don't have to say that. I say it because I mean it from my heart. You're very nice.

L-10 And now, in Genesis 22:7 we read a portion of Scripture, and then, they read some of the 14th verse also; 7th, 8th, and 14th, we'll make it. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I, my son. And he said, Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for the burnt-offering? And Abraham said, My son, God will provide himself a lamb for the burnt-offering: so they both went on together. Now in the 14th verse we read this: And Abraham called the name of the place Jehovah-jireh: as it is said... this day, In the mount of the LORD it shall be seen. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min Now, shall we bow our heads just a moment while we speak to the Author of this Word. Our heavenly Father, we come to approach Thee in the all sufficient Name of the Lord Jesus, knowing this first, that He's promised to hear us, and give us a hearing, when we ask in His Name. Now, Thou has said, that wherever two or three are gathered in Your Name (the Name of the Lord Jesus), You would be in our midst. So we know beyond a shadow of doubt that You're here tonight. And we pray, now, that You'll give us a few words, Lord. And encourage us tonight, Lord, from Thy Word.

L-11 And we pray, now, not knowing why that Brother Moore hasn't showed up in all these nights, and I pray, Father, that You'll help him and bless him, wherever he is. And I ask Your blessings upon all that are unsaved tonight. May something be said or done here tonight that will cause the unsaved to believe You and receive You, the backslider to come back; those outside of Christ to be baptized into the Body of believers. And may every sick person here tonight, Lord, every one that's cancer ridden, TB, whatever it might be, may they be perfectly whole tonight. And may there not be a feeble person left among us. May ever crippled person walk out without crutch or support. May those on cots rise up and walk. And may the Lord Jesus just throw out His arms of power and grip every heart in such a way that they'll know that He's here, granting these blessings. And when we leave tonight, may we say like those who came from Emmaus, "Did not our hearts burn within us because of His Presence." For we ask it in His Name. Amen.

L-12 Now, in the speaking, of the reading, setting forth of the Scripture tonight, we're speaking on Abraham. And in the Book of Genesis, God gave or appeared to Abraham in five, or seven compound redemptive Names. One of those Names was Jehovah-jireh, the one that we have under consideration tonight. Then He was Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord will provide a sacrifice," Jehovah-rapha--"the Lord the Healer," and the shield, the Buckler, and so forth, on down, of the compound redemptive Name.

L-13 The night in the discussion at Houston, Texas, when this Angel's picture was taken... Many of you've heard the story perhaps, of how it happened about. We were having a lovely meeting in Houston, and sponsored there by many of the churches. And a certain minister said, that wrote a piece in the paper, and said that I was a religious impostor, and imposing myself as a servant of God, and I ought to be run out of town. And he'd like to be the one to do it. So He challenged me to a debate on the Scripture. Said that I could not support Divine healing by the Scriptures. Well, Mr. Bosworth was managing that meeting. And here he come in the room, you know, real excited, said, "Looky here, Brother Branham. Looky here." Said... Caught--caught his hand, and I said, "Now, look, Brother Bosworth, all the fussing you could do with that man, he'd walk away with the same belief he had when he come in." You don't get nothing by fussing. Jesus didn't come to fuss; He just done what the Father told Him. If they believed it, all right; if they didn't, all right anyhow. So after all, if God confirms the Word... Jesus said, "If you can't believe Me, why, believe the works I do, that the Father sent Me."

L-14 And he said... But Brother Bosworth said, "But, Brother Branham," he said, "I tell you," said, "I--I--I think you ought to take that up." And I said, "Oh, no, Brother Bosworth, just let it alone." I said, "Look. We're having about eight thousand people now, and there's about seven thousand of them want to be prayed for, and give one of the nights to fuss with that preacher, and the only thing you go away..." I said, "If he's born an unbeliever, God made him an unbeliever, and how he's going to be anything else but an unbeliever." I said, "God predestinated a man... Men of old was foreordained to this condemnation." I said, "The Bible said so." So if they can't believe, just like pouring water from a ducks back; they can't believe, ain't got nothing to believe with. And I said, "Then, you never heard a man that was ever born again with the Spirit of God say such a remark as that." I said, "Because he's got God in him; he believes all things. What God wrote, he just believes it." But I said, "Now, the man don't believe so just let him alone."

L-15 And he said... Next day he put it in the paper, said, "It shows what they're made out of, because they're afraid to preach Divine healing in the light of God's Word." That was too much for Brother Bosworth. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min He said, "Brother Branham, if you won't do it, let me do it," at eighty years old. And I thought... My, I looked at him, and I thought of Caleb you know, saying, "Let me take this city." You see? And I said, "Brother Bosworth, that man's just out of the cemetery, or seminary." (Excuse me--about the same way.) So I said, "Brother Bosworth," I said, "Brother Bosworth, that--that... You're eighty years old nearly, and that man's just about thirty-five years old." He said, "That doesn't have anything to do with the Word of God." He said, "Will you let me do it?" And I said, "No, Brother Bosworth. No. Don't fuss with him. Just let him blow or toot his own horn, and go on." And he said, "Well, Brother Branham," he said, "you know, to the public I feel like I'd just like to--to show him that he's wrong." He said, "If you'll let me do it, I'll promise you I want fuss one bit." So I said, "Well, all right. Go ahead."

L-16 And down the stairs he went to the reporter, you know, and so he told them... And then the next day, great headlines "Ecclesiastical Fur Will Fly." You can--you can imagine how the paper prints it, you know. So here they set. And that goes to show... I seen something that night that'll make me believe that someday all born again Christians will be one. I don't care if they fuss down there, like they do everywhere else. One's a Trinitarian, one's a Unitarian, the other's a oneness, and a twoness, and a fiveness, and all these ups-and-downs, the scruples, and their baptisms, and so forth, all these things. But that night, when they come, twenty or thirty thousand packed in the auditorium. They didn't care whether they was oneness, or threeness, or drinking from one fountain, two fountain, or riding one hump camel, two, three, or four, or five hump camel; there was one thing on stake, and that was Divine healing. They all believed it. And here they come by trains, planes, and everything, packed out the big Sam Houston coliseum. And so, I wasn't going down, 'cause I just don't like to hear people fussing around the Word of God.

L-17 So that night Something kept telling me to go down. So a couple of policeman come and got me and I went. I went way up in balcony thirty. And so then when they got started, why, they come out there, and so after he... He wanted Mr. Bosworth to take the first part. So Mr. Bosworth said, "Well, I have written here a six hundred questions, six hundred Scriptures that proves that Christ present attitude towards the sick is just the same as it was the days that He was here on earth. And God has never changed His attitude towards the sick. And if Mr. Best here can take one of these Scriptures and disprove it by the Bible, there'll be no debate. I'll just set down." So Mr. Best stepped in, "I'll take care of that when I get up there." He said, "I'll ask you one question. If you'll answer me "yes" or "no," I'll set down and give you the rest of it." He said, "Was the redemptive Names of Jehovah applied to Jesus, yes or no?" That settled it; that was all.

L-18 If it wasn't, then He wasn't a Saviour, He wasn't Jehovah-jireh. And if He was, He's Jehovah-rapha, the same yesterday, today, and forever. So he couldn't answer it. So when he got up, he preached a pretty good Campbellite sermon (That's right.), just talking about the resurrection when this mortal puts on immortality, and Divine healing would be in the millennium, when we're immortal. I don't get it. So now he said it was a Baptist sermon. I was rocked in a Baptist cradle, I know what Baptists believe. But it was no--was no Baptist doctrine connected with it. And then, afterwards, he kept saying, "Bring on that Divine healer. Let me see him heal somebody. Then let me see him... He could work them up in their psychology, and so forth, and let me see them in a year from today and I'll tell you whether they're healed or not. Bring that Divine healer forward." Mr. Bosworth said, "Aren't you ashamed to say that?" So he knew I was up there. So he said, "Now, if the debate is settled," he said, "all right." Said, "Now, if Brother Branham wishes to come down and dismiss the audience," said, "I know he's here, but he don't have to."

L-19 So my brother was standing by me, and he said--said, "Now, you set still." I said, "Well, ain't I setting still?" 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min And so, my wife was standing there, you know. And he said, "Now, you ain't going down there." I said, "I never said a word about going." And so, I was setting way up. And so he said, "Now, if he wants to come..." And about that time I heard something go... [Brother Branham makes a whistling noise--Ed.] that circle of Light come down. I don't care who says anything then; that settles it. I said... Raised up. And Howard said, "Set down." My wife said, "Looky there, Howard." So my brother set down.

L-20 About five hundred ushers put their hands together and made a line, come up to the platform. I said, "I'd like to shake hands with Mr. Best." I said, "Don't know one thing hard at him." I said, "We got boys over in Korea, fighting, that we can have freedom of religion, free..." I said, "I don't believe what he believes. But I said, "I differ with him in theology, but after all, this is America. He's got a right to believe what he wants." I said, "Don't none of you think hard of him, because his mother loves him the same as mine loves me." I said, "Now, I was reminded though, when he kept saying, 'Bring that healer forth,' the same spirit that said, 'Come off the cross and we'll believe you.'" Christ saw visions, and one day they put a rag around His head and hit Him on the head, and said, "Now, if You're a prophet, tell us who hit you and we'll believe you." I said, "That's the same spirit," but I said, "I'm sorry that our brothers anointed with it." But I said, "Now, as far as healing anybody," I said, "I--I don't claim to heal anybody."

L-21 I said, "If preaching Divine healing makes me a Divine healer, then preaching salvation makes you a Divine Saviour." So I said, "I only preach it by the Word; that's all." And I said, "Now, as far as the visions, God speaks for His gifts." I said, "That's--that's questioned." And about that time when he said that, the Angel of the Lord come above, whirled back and made a great big whirl, and here He come down through the building like that, coming down. People been screaming." I said, "He speaks now." I said, "If I tell the truth, God's obligated to speak for me. And if I don't tell the truth, God will have nothing to do with a lie; you know that." And just then here He come. And they took the picture of It there, and he took it down to the--the Douglas Studio; shot the picture of it, took it down... A Catholic boy took the picture, and a Jew. And so they went down to the studio to look it over. And he said, "I don't believe it'll show. I believe it's just... We just imagined that too, 'cause everybody's pointing to It, and so forth."

L-22 But when he took it down, and pulled it out of the acid, and... He was up there to take Mr. Bosworth's picture. And when Mr. Best was holding debate with him, he'd hold it like this, and put his finger under Brother Bosworth's nose, and say, "Take it like this." He said, "I want them to hang up in my... I want to take that old man and skin him, and take his skin and tack it on my study door for a memorial to Divine healing." Could you imagine a brother talking about one like that? So he said... And that night when he put his finger under his nose, and he'd draw his fist up, and had the studio set that big camera out... Oh, there was several cameras there and so to take the picture. Well, then, you know what happen? God wasn't willing that His servants should be taken with a picture like that, and every one of them was blank. Not a one of them showed up. But when they pulled this other one out, there was the picture of the Angel of the Lord on it. And they sent it to George J. Lacy, FBI fingerprint and document, he kept it in this place for several days, and then, it was copyright in Washington, DC as the only supernatural Being that's ever been scientifically proven. And that's right, in Washington, DC, now, copyrighted.

L-23 And then, they come and said, "We'll give you an analysis of it." Mr. Lacy said, "Whose name's Reverend Branham?" I said, "Mine." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min He said, "Stand up." I stood up. Kind of a red-headed fellow, kind of hard-boiled eyes. I hope he's not setting present to hear this. So he... Hair hanging down in his eyes. When he seen it, first, he was very hard about it. He said, "Reverend Branham, come here." Said, "You'll die like all men do." See? I said, "I'm sure of that, but I prepared for it." He said, "But as long as there's a civilization here, a preacher will never go out of his business." He said, "That's the only time a supernatural Being was ever photographed." He said, "The Light struck the lens. It's the truth," like that. And he submitted it me, and I give it over to the Douglas Studios in Houston, Texas; they're the ones that own it. And he said some little thing there to me, something, said, "The testament unto the testator..." something. Said, "Well, as long as you're living that picture will never be in force, but afterwards," said, "wait till you're gone, It'll be on ten-cent stores, and things like that."

L-24 So what it is, is... What it is to me, if I... If this is my last night on earth, if this is my last night to be on earth, my testimony's the truth. The church knows it, millions around the world; I've come in personal contact with just more than ten million people, and around the world. It's been seen by thousands times thousands of people, everywhere. I trust to God that It will come visible here in Macon before I leave, before the audience. And they see the works and signs of It, that's the Truth. And the scientific world can't say there's no supernatural Being any more, 'cause it's scientifically proven it, God's here without an excuse, now. So we're thankful to the Lord tonight to know that our great Jehovah God was with Father Abraham, and He's still here tonight with His Church, moving on, just the same as He was in the days gone by. To my opinion, the same Pillar of Fire that led the children of Israel, Jesus Christ, the Angel of the Covenant, the same yesterday, today, and forever, scientifically proven.

L-25 Now, Abraham... to speak for--about him for about ten minutes, or so. Abraham was come down with his father from in the land of Chaldea and the Shinar valley, and dwelled in the city of Ur. They came out of Babylon, the people did, after the... Babylon was first called the Gates of Paradise, later called Confusion, because languages was broken up there. Abraham, after coming down into this land of Chaldea, the city of Ur, Abraham was no more than anyone else. I want you to notice this tonight, Christians, and get this real good and deep, that, God calls His people by sovereign election. God only calls by election. "It isn't he that willeth or he that runneth, it's God that showeth mercy." And every man and woman here that ever had God to tug at their heart, ought to be ashamed if they never heeded to the call. And there's many people in the world today that--that's gone and passed the line of conscience and will never--never come to God.

L-26 But God called Abraham, not because he was good, but because God chose Abraham. Jesus said, "Ye have not chosen Me, but I have chosen you." Jesus said, "No man can come to the Father, or come to Me accept My Father draws him first." Why are you out here tonight? Is because you're interested. Why ain't you at the ball game? Is because you love God more than you love ball games. That's the reason you're here. God called you and put a different desire in your heart. Now, the election of God--God calls man by sovereign election. Do you notice it? I wish we had time to go into details. When you go to talking about the Word, the Holy Spirit just starts getting it right... just wonderful.

L-27 Abraham was election. Isaac was justification. Jacob was grace, but Joseph was perfection. See? As you get them moving, and Abraham being called... God saw Abraham and called him by sovereign grace and election and told him, "Separate yourself from your people and among your kindred, and I'll bless you." You notice today, that God always calls a separation. People today, when you're choosing your pastors, usually people today want mixers. I don't know how it is with you people down in here, but up in the north the people want mixers. Oh, we want a fellow that's a good sport. We want somebody that can, oh, set in a pulpit, and can... Oh, he wouldn't hurt if he did a little things on the side, you know, just so he could mix with all crowds. People want mixers, but God wants separators. The Holy Ghost said, "Separate Me Paul and Barnabas." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min There's some people, in choosing their pastors today, get a six-footer with shoulders about so wide, black wavy hair to present, make hisself... dressed in a tuxedo suit, and everything, and an after dinner suit, or something another in the platform, because it's a psychological effect. God don't care a ounce for that.

L-28 Listen. Listen to the Scriptures. God told Samuel one time, said, "Go up and anoint one of Jesse's sons to be king." Jesse thought the same thing that our modern thinker believes today. He sent his great big son out there, a six-footer, you know, with his black, shiny hair. Said, "My, what... He will look like a real king," great big husky fellow, fine looking fellow. And said, "Look what he will look with a robe on him, a big gold crown setting on the side of his head." And Samuel got the oil, and the Lord said, "But I've refused him." That's right. No matter how six foot he was and how striking he looked, God said, "I've refused him." So he brought the next biggest one down and showed him. God said, "I refused him too." And he went on till he showed the sixth one. Then he said, "You... Have you got another one?" Said, "Yeah. I got a little old scrawny, ruddy-looking fellow out yonder in the sheep pen, out yonder somewhere, taking care of the sheep, but I'm sure he'd never make a king." "Well, go get him." And as soon as David came forth, a little ruddy fellow, stooped shoulders, perhaps, with a little sheep coat around him, Samuel run and poured the oil on him, he said, "This is the king." That's God's choice. Amen. Man looks on the outside, but God looks on the heart. Sometimes you get a great big church with a lot of crosses, and statues around it, and plush seats, and a ten thousand dollar organ in it, that don't attract God. Sometimes there's more salvation in a little mission down on the corner, than you can poke into the place. That's right. Man looks to the outside, but God looks at the heart. Always remember that.

L-29 Now, Abraham, called, out of the land of Chaldea, God met him down there. Probably a little old fellow, seventy-five years old when God called him. Probably a little bitty fellow, long whiskers, bald-headed, and stooped shoulders, but God found grace. Abraham had found grace in the sight of God, and God called him by election. Amen. Through what? Someone that would follow him, would listen to Him. And he had a wife sixty-five years old. He told Abraham said, "Now, separate yourself from among your people." That's the best thing to do: come out from among it, get away from it. Someone said, "Well, I still go to the pool room. I think maybe I could win some of the boys." Stay out of the pool room. Stay off the devil's ground. That's right. You'll never do it that way. Separate yourself and show your color. Be a Christian. Act like it. Live like it. Talk like it. People will believe it. Notice. Jesus said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men to Me." Lift Him up in your life, in your living, what you do.

L-30 Then God called Abraham and he separated himself from his people to go into a strange land. Isn't it strange, when God calls a man, he calls him from among his associates to dwell among strange people, speaking strange languages? Kind of strange how God does that, isn't it? But He still does it. Come out. You don't talk like the old crowd no more. You come over into a crowd... out there where you got whooping and a hollering and carrying on for the devil, you're shouting and praising the Lord in this other crowd. You have to go amongst a strange people, separate yourself from the crowd you once associated with.

L-31 How God in His mercy called him, and He said, "Abraham, I know you're an old man now, you're--you're seventy-five years old, Sarah sixty-five, but I'm going to bless you and give you a baby. And out of this baby the whole world's going to be blessed; all nations is going to be blessed by this baby." Now, Abraham never wondered about it; he just simply took God at His Word. I like that: Just take God at His Word. And he--he went right on testifying that the baby was going to be born. I can imagine seeing him getting everything ready, buying up all the diapers, and the pins, and everything, getting ready for the baby. Nothing wrong, "Sarah," he said, "how do you feel?" The first week. "No different." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min First month passed, "How do you feel, Sarah?" "No different." "Well, Glory to God, we're going to have it anyhow." First year passed, "How are you feeling, Sarah?" "No different." "Well, Praise the Lord, we're going to have it anyhow."

L-32 He took God at His Word regardless of circumstance. He said, "God said so. And no matter how you feel, or what about it, we're going to have it anyhow. God said so." Amen. And if we be the children of Abraham, we've got to have that kind of faith, regardless of what symptom's says. God's Word... We look at the unseen, what God says about it. So many people rely on symptoms. "Oh, if I could look..." "If my hand was just a little straighter." "If I felt just a little better with my stomach trouble." "If my head would quit hurting." That has nothing to do with it. Go right on, glorifying God, testifying about that, things that you don't even feel, or see, or taste, smell, or hear. Believe it anyhow.

L-33 Why, if you tell about... There was a man by the name of Jonah, had the worst symptoms I ever seen. He was backslid, first. That's right. He done something God told him not to do. And he was on a stormy sea, caused a lot of trouble, had his hands and feet tied, throwed out; and a big whale swallowed him and went down to the bottom of the sea. Now, you talk about some symptoms--backslid in his heart, and in the belly of a whale, seaweed wrapped around his neck. And anybody knows, when a fish feeds, it eats--eats his belly full, he goes right to the bottom and rest its swimmers on the bottom. Feed your goldfish, and see if they don't do it. Goes right down to the bottom, and it was probably, forty fathoms deep there. And here this preacher was, backslid, and his hands tied behind him, in the belly of a whale, in the bottom of the sea, and this--this storm up at the top. You talk about symptoms, he looked this way, it was whale's belly; he looked back that way, it was whale's belly; everywhere he looked it was whale's belly. But he had some symptoms. But you know what he said? "They are lying vanities. I don't believe a one of them." He said, "Once more will I look to Your holy temple," not to the whale's belly, but to Your holy temple. You can't hide a saint from his prayer. That's right. I want... There ain't nobody near that bad off tonight. That's right.

L-34 But he said, "Once more will I look to Your holy temple, Lord." For he knew when Solomon dedicated that temple, he'd prayed, and he said, "Lord, if Thy people be in trouble anywhere and look toward this holy place and pray, then hear from heaven." And he believed the prayer of Solomon. And if Jonah, under those conditions, could believe the prayer of Solomon, under a temple that was dedicated here on earth, how much more ought we to believe tonight by a resurrected Lord Jesus setting at the right hand of God when He tells us; making intercession following of our confession. Refuse to see any symptoms, and say, "They're lying vanities," and walk away from it. Amen. Don't pay no attention to circumstances. What God says is the truth, not what you see, what you believe. Jesus never said, "Did you see it?" He never did say, "Did you believe it? (or, I beg your pardon), never said, "Did you feel it?" He said, "Did you believe it?" That's it. So you act on what you believe, not what you see. Not what... just what you believe. And if you believe God will keep His Word, then go acting like it. Take Him at His Word and go ahead. Then you're going to get somewhere. I know It's the truth. I've trusted It, brother, in the hours of death and I know It's the truth. If It worked for me, It worked for Abraham, It worked for Jonah, It'll work for you. Just take Him at His Word and believe it.

L-35 And Abraham refused to see any symptoms of Sarah not having this baby. Oh, they told him he's a little off at the head. Now, you'd imagine what a doctor would say today if an old man seventy-five or eighty years old going down say, "Well, here's my wife. She's seventy and I'm eighty, and we're going to have a baby." Well, they'd say, "The old man's a little cracked in the head." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min Sure, they did then; they would now. But Abraham wasn't cracked in the head; he took God at His Word. That made the difference, and God honored him for it too.

L-36 I can see him as he goes on, he said, "Lord, will You give me a... How would you confirm this to me?" And He took him out there that day... I wish we had time to get into it; it's time to quit now. But I wish we had time to get into all those things to bring us up to this little point; but we'll jump, just hit a few high places. Look out there that day when He told him He would confirm it. And watch how it was to Abraham. He killed that little heifer of three, and the sheep at three, and the goat at three, and he cut them apart. And he put a turtledove and a young pigeon there, kept the birds off of them. And the evening time, or when the sun went down, watch what happened first: a real deep sleep fell over Abraham, showing, "Abraham, now, I made a covenant with Adam. 'Adam, if you'll do, I'll take you in partners with Me. If you'll do certain things, I'll do certain things.' And Adam broke his promise." Man always breaks his promise. "But Abraham, this is not what 'if you'll do,' this is what I'm going to do. This is My covenant with you (Amen.) unconditionally." Oh, brother, if you ever see that, your eyes will come plumb open. That's right. It's not what you done; it's what God did for you in Christ. That's right. Nothing of yours, it's what He done.

L-37 And there, He said, "Abraham..." Put Abraham to sleep to show that he--he had nothing to do into it. "Now, Abraham, you haven't got one thing to do into it." And then, before he went, a horrible darkness, showing death, every man through the valley of the shadow of death. Beyond that was a smoking furnace: every man deserves to go to hell. But beyond that went a little white Light. And that little Light went right between each one of those covenants--each one of those beasts, like that, every one that was cut together. Each one was sacrificial beast, except the turtledove and the pigeon. Now, if you'll notice, the turtledove and pigeon, the reason it wasn't cut apart, because a turtledove and pigeon represents Divine healing. The covenant was broke from grace, from law to grace, but the covenant of healing lasts always. From always to... There's no cutting it apart at all. That's right.

L-38 Now, He made the covenant. And notice, He went between those, proving, showing to Abraham what through his seed He would do, Christ Jesus, in the years to come. That He'd make a covenant through Christ to the Gentiles, for every man in the world. Everybody that would come, this covenant would be... It's with you tonight, unconditionally. If you become a Christian, every redemptive blessing of God belongs to you. It's your personal property. You got a right to claim it. If you let Satan push you over in the corner, well, that's up to you. But, brother, stand up there toe-to-toe with this Scripture, and say, "It is written." That's right. That's the way your Lord did it.

L-39 Any man, I don't care, you might be a weak Christian; you don't need people coming through with gifts of healing; you don't need these things. The only thing you need do, is take God at His Word, and stand toe-to-toe with Satan; you'll defeat him on the ground. Jesus brought it down to that picture, when He... Satan said, "If thou be the son of God, do this." Jesus said, "It's written, Man shall not live by bread alone." He took him somewhere else, said, "If thou be the Son of God, cast yourself down. Perform a miracle here before me." That spirit still lives you know. "Let me see you do it; I'll believe it. You jump off this building here and show me you can do it, and I'll believe you're the Son of God." He said, "Satan, it is written." Right on the Word of God. Took Him up on a mountain, showed Him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment, said, "These belong to me." So you see where the kingdom of the world belong to? He said, "I... These belong to me. I do with them what I want to. If You'll worship me, I--I'll--I'll give them all to you." He said, "It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone. It is written, Thou shall not tempt the Lord thy God." And He kept showing the Scripture to him, and defeated Satan with the Father's Word. And any man or woman tonight if you're here sick and needy, stand toe-to-toe with Satan, and say, "It's written, 'By His stripes I'm healed.'" Stay with it and watch what happens. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min There'll be a difference around Macon here with the sick folk. Take God at His Word. He will do it.

L-40 Now, in this covenant... When he made the covenant with Abraham there... Now notice, in the Old Testament... Now, when we make a covenant with one another here in America, how do we do it? We walk out and shake one another's hand, say, "Let's shake on that." That's the way we make a covenant. Down in Japan, when they make a covenant, they take a little salt and pitch it on one another, like that, to make the covenant. But in the Orient, how they make a covenant, they kill a beast. And they stand between this beast, the pieces of the dead body, and they write out their covenant, whatever they make, sign their name to it. They tear it in half, give it to one man, the other man keeps the other half. And then they take an oath over this dead beast's body. If either one of them breaks this covenant, let them be as the dead beast.

L-41 And that's what God was showing that He was going to do in the days to come. That when God came down here on earth in the form of the Lord Jesus Christ, walked among men, and He was taken to Calvary and tore apart. And God taken the body up to His right hand and sent down the Holy Ghost upon the Church. And when we come together again, them pieces, just like the old covenant, it's got the dovetail one with the other. And if you ever go in the rapture, you're going to have to have the same Spirit in you that was on Jesus Christ. That's God's covenant with His Church. Amen. Don't you take a cold formal handshake. You take a heart-warming experience from God of being born again. Don't care where you belong. Yes, sir. 'Cause God... Remember, when these two met together, if these didn't dovetail, it was throwed out. It had to be the same thing. And the same Spirit was upon Christ has to be on the Church. God taken the body of Christ and set it on His right hand of power above, and He sent the Holy Ghost back. And It's going around, looking out the Church. And when they come together, it'll have to be the same body, same signs, same wonders, same baptism, same signs and wonders, same Gospel. Amen. That's right.

L-42 Notice. When He made the covenant, and He confirmed it there, later on, Abraham went on. Glory to God. And after that experience he really had the victory then. He got to be ninety and nine years old, almost a hundred. God appeared to him in the Name of the "Almighty God." The word comes from the word, the Hebrew word, "El Shaddai," which means "the breast, the bosom of a woman." El Shaddai, the Almighty, the Strength Giver, the Nourisher. Like the mother to the baby. When the little baby is fretting and sick, the mother pulls it up to her bosom, and it nurses her strength and her life into it. And another thing it does, it means He's a Satisfier. While the little baby is nursing, it's satisfied while it's a nursing. It ain't well yet, but it's satisfied as long as it's a drawing from the mother. And God is El Shaddai, the Bosom, not one breast, two breast. He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed. He is God of our strength for spiritual. He's God of our strength for our physical. And no matter which one you need of it, move up to the breast and take a hold of it, God's Word, and go to nursing from It, you'll come back to health and strength. The strength of the Holy Ghost lays in God's promise...?... Take up there one time and take a hold. Brother, I'll tell you; you see a little baby crawl up in his mammy's arms, he's just as satisfied. I don't care how his little tummy's a hurting; it's all right as long as he's nursing from mammy.

L-43 And I'm telling you, a believer that once takes a hold of God's eternal Word for a promise, if anything come or goes, he's satisfied. He's laying right there, nursing away, pulling the strength right out of God. "By His stripes we were healed. "Wounded for our transgression; with His stripes we're healed," pulling down the blessings of God, satisfied as he's laying there. Come by, and say, "You don't look any better." Say, "Glory to God, He healed me." Amen. Stay right with it. Say, "You ain't got the Holy Ghost." "That's what you think." Amen. If you was only pulling from where I am, you'd think he--you had it too. That's right. Amen. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min

L-44 "I'm El Shaddai, the Almighty." And He is still El Shaddai, the Almighty God. The pacifier to the saints. If a saint is sick, if he can hear the Word of God correctly, if he's a seed of Abraham... We are, being the seed of Abraham... when we are dead in Christ, we take on Abraham's seed and are heirs according to promise. But first you got to be dead in Christ, borned of the Holy Ghost. The same Holy Ghost that led Abraham back there, leads you then. Then you believe like Abraham, what God said is truth and nothing else is going to work. Don't care what anybody else says, what the bishop says, or what the pope says, or what anybody else says; if God's Word says it, that's truth to the believers and Abraham's children. The covenant's to you. When you're circumcised... Abraham was circumcised by flesh as a confirmation. You're circumcised, the heart, by the Holy Ghost as a confirmation. Oh, my, I feel religious right now. I feel like I could almost shout too. You know Baptists shout also? Yes, they do. When it gets right down to God, they really get into it. Notice, brother, nursing from the breast of Almighty God, the Nurser, the--the Life-giver, our Mother, our Father, the nurse Father. My, my, what a--what a picture we got here. Wish we could stay with it longer, but we have to hurry on.

L-45 Anyhow, after the little baby was born, little Isaac, as God promised, they was a hundred years old when the baby was born. Think of it. Got to hit another little point here; might take me... If you'll forgive me for taking your time. It's just a little encouragement to you. You might not agree with this at first, but you look it all over. This will give you something to do tomorrow in--in your spare time. Look this over in the Bible. Now, when Abraham... When Lot took his choice, and went down to the plains down there in Sodom and Gomorrah, we realize how he was a lukewarm believer, and what happened to Lot. But God never did bless Abraham until he fully separated himself from Lot. Lot kept hanging on. It was a hair in the soup. And he--he just absolutely couldn't go on.

L-46 And that's what's the matter today; we got little old Lot's hanging around, and the reason that we can't go on with God. Somebody, one of the church members, said, "Well, if he preaches that, I'll get out of here." That's... Put the hair out of the soup, and go on; that's what we need to do. Preach the Gospel (Amen.), regardless if you have to preach It to four posts. I'd rather lay on my stomach, and drink branch water, and eat soda crackers, and preach the true Word of God, than eat fried chicken every day and ride in a Cadillac. Amen. I'd rather do it, and know that you're right in the sight of God. Amen. I don't say that for a joke. This is no place for joking, and I don't believe in joking, but that's the truth. Amen.

L-47 Now, I want you to notice. Then when this Angel came down, God Himself... Did you notice, Abraham talked to God in a body, a physical body, had dust on His clothes, eat the meat of a calf, drinking the milk from the cow, eat some corn bread that Sarah baked Him there--God Himself. What did He do? He knowed He's going to be made flesh sometime, so way back here, to prove to Abraham, He just jumped up a bunch calcium and a bunch of--of atoms and throwed them together and lived in that body. Come right down and had a appetite. Amen. Abraham called him the Lord. That's right. He was. And as soon as He told Abraham what was going to happen, He vanished. Sarah laughed when she thought, she was nearly a hundred years old was going to have a baby. Hundred years old and going to have a baby, could you imagine that? Now, brethren, let's say... We all know that Sarah give birth to the baby. We'll all admit that. Look what God did. Now, here's some encouraging for all us old folks. Now, I want you to notice this. What it is... And to you young ones that's coming on, to get old one of these days, watch what God did there. I was up on a lake here about six years ago, when that revelation come to me. And I'll tell you; they thought they had the Salvation Army out there. Oh, my. I was the noisiest guy they ever heard in their life.

L-48 Now, I'll will tell you what--what God did. If you'll notice real close (See?), the Bible is this... That's where preachers miss it. That's where these big schools miss it. See? The Bible is read between the line. The Bible said... Jesus... The Scripture claims, "I have hid it from the eyes of the wise and prudent and will reveal to babes such as will 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min learn." See? It's between the line. I got a little girl tonight that I married a few years ago; she's the mother of my three children. And she can write me a letters, she'd say, "Dear Bill, I'm setting here tonight thinking of you and I'm praying with you." Now, that's what she says on the letter. But between the lines, I love her and she loves me, so I know what she's talking about. See? I read between the lines. And if you want to really read the Bible with a spiritual understanding, get in love with the Writer. Amen. Then you can read between the lines, see where God pulls it out.

L-49 Notice. I can see Sarah there, a little grandma, you know, great, great, great, great, great grandma, hundred years old nearly, little dust cap on, little shawl over her shoulders, walking on a cane. And you know, something happened. Now, you know it would be hard for that woman to give birth to a baby; anyone knows that. The first thing, Abraham had lived with her since he was about seventeen years old, and she was about forty-five years a past menopause. Now, the impossible... But notice, Abraham, the longer it went the stronger he got. Now, today, if you get prayed for tonight and tomorrow you ain't perfectly well, you'd say, "Well, they ain't nothing in Divine healing. I never got it." Then you're not a child of Abraham. That's right. 'Cause Abraham, the older he got the greater miracle it was going to be. So he was strong giving praise to God, said Romans 4. The longer it went, the more blessing it would be, the more miracle it would be, longer it took. So Abraham just kept getting stronger and stronger, giving glory to God. As his shoulders went down, down, he kept giving more praise to God.

L-50 Here's Sarah. Now, we know that God would have to make her womb fertile, we know that. Now, you're a mixed audience. You listen to a doctor; I'm your brother. Look. He'd have to make her womb fertile, because she was forty-five or fifty years a pass menopause. Think of it. When she was a young girl, and healthy and everything, then she didn't have babies. But here now, she's nearly fifty years a pass menopause, and now she's going to have a baby. Now, He'd have to make her womb fertile. And besides that, if He was going to... She was going to go... And they didn't have caesareans in those days, you know. So it'd have... In order to give birth to that baby, to go in labor, she was going to have to have a new heart put in her, 'cause an old woman that old couldn't stand labor pain, you know that. All right. Then she's going to have to go in labor, so she has to have another heart. And in order to do that... The milk veins was dried up, so they just to have new milk veins put in. Now, God don't patch up anything like that. What God did to Sarah, He turned her back to a young woman. Now, that kindly struck you a little bit, but just hold on. Now, don't--don't jump up and run. See? Let's--let's hold on just a minute.

L-51 He turned Abraham and Sarah, both, back to about twenty-five years old, like He's going to do everybody one of these days that's His children. He showed in them what He was going to do to him and his seed after him. Notice. Sarah and Abraham immediately took a trip and went plumb to Gerar on camels. Follow it... Separate them out and see how far it is; about three hundred miles. Quite a trip for an old couple like that, don't you think? A hundred years old, little grandma in her shawl, running along like this, and Abraham, and his beard hanging way down.

L-52 My, went on down with a three hundred mile trip... And above everything, there was a young king down there named Abimelech, and he was looking for a sweetheart. And all of those pretty girls around there, and he fell in love with this old grandma, wanted to marry her. Nonsense, brethren. Abraham said, "Sarah, you're fair." She was the prettiest woman there was, in the land. And that man, with all them young women like that, wouldn't have wanted that old great-grandma with a little stick in her hand and a little shawl over her shoulder, little dust cap on, you know; and he wouldn't wanted to take her for a wife. But God had turned her back into a beautiful young woman again, like He's going to do all the seed of Abraham someday. But what does old age or that going mean anyhow. Hallelujah. Doesn't mean a thing to the believer. Hallelujah. We'll laugh in the face of death some glorious day.

L-53 My wife looked at me the other day; I was combing what hair I had. She said, "Honey, you're almost bald-headed." I said, "Yes, but I haven't lost a one of them." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min She said, "You haven't." I said, "No." She said, "Well, where are they at?" I said, "Where was they before I got them? If you'll tell me where they was before I got them, they are there waiting for me in the resurrection." Hallelujah. Amen. Every item, every thing that once...?... are waiting. I've got the blessed old promise here in the...?... on Calvary's cross, and the Holy Ghost confirming every Word...?... some glorious day when He shall come. Let's...?... people, if it won't do--it don't make any difference to me. Amen. I know in Whom I have believed, and I'm persuaded He's able to keep that I've committed to Him against the day. Amen.

L-54 Abraham...?... I can Abraham couple of mornings after that the Lord had met him there. I can hear him say, "Sarah, honey, why your gray hair's turning black again, and your little withered out brown eyes are coming becoming just as black and shiny again." Wife said to Abraham, "Your shoulders are straightening up; your beard is turning black again." And the first thing you know, there they was back sweethearts again. Exactly. Wished I had time to go a little farther in it. But just before you get it, I want to show you grace again, brethren. So this might kindly squeeze my Arminian brother's toes just a little, but I don't mean to do it. You see? But now look here, that you might know truth. Now, Baptists, if you don't saddle with this, I'm going to say, "You're backslid."

L-55 Notice, what he done. As soon as they got down there to Gerar, and Abimelech looked out and said, "Well, of all I've waited for, there she is." A little grandma now. See? Why, it couldn't have been, brethren; that's--that's silly to think such a thing. See? But she was a beautiful young woman. He took her over there and put earrings in her ears and fixed her all up. That night... Now, he was a very good holiness brother. Now, he went to bed that night, and said his prayers, and stretched his big feet out like that, and thought, "Oh, tomorrow I'll marry this beautiful girl I've waited for all my life, and there she is. Her brother setting out there in the tent, but he--he said that was his sister, and she said, 'That's my brother.' So, oh, they're fixing her all up, and tomorrow's the wedding." My, my.

L-56 He dozed off to sleep and God appeared to him, said, "You're just as good as a dead man." Brother. He said, "Well, what have I done? I'm just as--just as innocent as anything." He said, "You've got another man's wife." "Why," he said, "well, Lord, you know the integrity of my heart." He said, "Didn't that man tell me that was his sister? Didn't she just say that's my brother?" Said, "I know the integrity of your heart; that's the reason I kept you from sinning against Me. But if you don't restore her back, you're a dead man." Now look, a good boy, a good--good fellow, but it show you the sovereign grace of God. Said, "Her husband is My prophet. Now, I'll not hear your prayers, but you go back."

L-57 "My prophet..." God told him not to leave Palestine, and he left; he's backslide. Not only that, but he's setting out there telling a lie. Saying... A man cared no more for his wife to do something like that... But He said, "That's My prophet. Take her back and restore her, and let him pray for you." That's Scripture, brother. I know that's... Where you at, Baptists? What's the matter with you? That's right. There he was, him backslid, running from God, setting out there telling a lie... Now, that don't give you license to lie, or anything, you remember that. We'll straighten that out in a few minutes. All right. God made him pay for it. But there he was setting out there in that condition, and God said, "He's My prophet. Go, take his wife back to him, and I... let him pray for you and I'll heal you." So he went out and did so.

L-58 Abraham when he become older, first thing you know, the little fellow was born, little Isaac, age about twelve years old. Here he goes out. God had met him again and said, "Abraham, I know through this child you're to have--be the father of a nation, but I tell what I want you to do. I want you to take him out yonder to a mountain that I'll show you, and I want you to take him up there and offer him up for a sacrifice." Well, how is he going to be the father of nations, now about a hundred and fifteen years old, and here's the only child 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min that he had, and take the little fellow out there and kill him? But you notice, Abraham took the boy and some servants, didn't tell his mother. So they went four day's journey out into the wilderness.

L-59 Now, a ordinary man can walk a good... Why, I patrolled for about seven years walking thirty miles every day. And then in them days, you didn't ride in automobiles like we ride today, so they could probably easy go thirty miles, or take twenty-five miles. But they... Four day's journey would be a hundred miles back. And then he lifted up his head and saw the mountains far off. And then when he got close to the mountains... Watch, this is sovereign grace here, watch him. He said to his servants; he said, "Now, you stay here while the lad and I go yonder to worship. And the lad and I will return." Oh, my. Oh, my. "The lad and I..." "How you going to do it? You're taking him up there to kill him. But how are you going to do it?" "It's not my business to figure it out." would say Abraham. "God gave the promise, and I received him as one from the dead. And God's able to raise him up from the dead." Amen. That's the children of Abraham. That's the hope they have in Him tonight.

L-60 So they took the little fellow, put the wood on his back, very type of Christ (we're hitting just the high spots now), and he walked up the hill. And when he got up top of the hill, way up in the top mountain there, where he's going to offer the sacrifice, little Isaac, he said, "Father?" Said, "Here is the sacr... Here is the wood, and here is the altar, but where is the lamb, the sacrifice for the altar?" And Abraham with trembling voice, the old man looked around to him and said, "My son, God will provide for Himself a sacrifice." He took his own son, bound his hands. Look, a double proof of our salvation tonight. God gave him a double... We don't have... God proved it twice through Abraham and swore to it with His own hands (That's right.), that He keeps His covenant. We don't have nothing to worry about, if God called us into His loving grace. Brother, I'm telling you, if you've ever been born again of the Spirit of God, you ought to be the happiest person in the world, 'cause you have Eternal Life, Everlasting Life, cannot perish. Amen. Your sowed with the incorruptible Seed of God.

L-61 If a seed goes in the ground, a grain of wheat, it cannot produce anything else but a grain of wheat. So if you go around, say, "Well, praise the Lord, I--I've been saved. I've got the Holy Ghost." And living any kind of a life, you better get back to the altar of God again, 'cause the incorruptible Seed of God cannot be one thing. You cannot be a wheat and a cocklebur at the same time. You've got to either be a wheat or a cocklebur. You all got cockleburs down here? All right, greenbriar then, ever what you want to call it, some other weed. You see? You can't be a weed and a wheat at the same time. If you got the spirit in you of the life of wheat, you'll produce wheat. If you've got the spirit in you of the life of a cocklebur, it'll be a cocklebur. And if the Holy Ghost is in you, you'll believe God, love God, and act like a Christian. That's right. If it isn't, you'll know them by the fruits they bear. Oh, what we need today is a good old time Holy Ghost revival. What we need today is an old time shaking again of the power of God, a moving of the mulberry bushes to go forward to battle again. God's giving the moving, if people will just listen to it and believe it.

L-62 Now, up on the mountain there, he took his own son, tied his hands behind him, laid upon the altar, reached down and pulled out the knife, pulled the little fellow's throat back, and raised his hand to stab his own son to death. And about that time, the Holy Ghost caught his hand and said, "Abraham, stay your hand." Don't be scared to walk right down to the last row of life with Him. God will be there on the scene. He's Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord will provide a sacrifice." He will make a provision. And about that time, he heard something bleat, and there was a little ram hooked in the wilderness by his horns. Where did that ram come from? They was a hundred miles from civilization. And they was up on top of the mountain where there's no water. How did that ram get there? God is still Jehovah-jireh. No matter what the circumstances is, He can provide the sacrifice at any time. Amen. No matter what the circumstance is He's Jehovah-jireh.

L-63 Now, look, it wasn't a vision. He walked over and picked up the ram, laid it upon there, and stabbed it with a knife, and blood run out of it. It wasn't a vision he saw; it was actually a ram. It was Christ, the Lamb of God, slain from the 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min foundation of the world. Hallelujah. There He was, Christ. It wasn't a vision. That lamb was spoke into existence in one minute, and went out of existence in another minute, the same way that God made Himself manifested in flesh before Abraham, and went out of existence in another minute. He's the same God, that someday these atoms of ours will break and go out, life will go out of this body, and He will speak it back into existence someday in the resurrection. He's Jehovah-jireh. How will He do it? I don't know. That's His business, but He said He'd do it, and I believe Him. Jehovah-jireh, "the Lord will provide for Himself a sacrifice."

L-64 No matter what it is the lamb was there. He provided a lamb when He needed a lamb. When you're sick and you need healing, He will provide for you. If you need salvation, He provides for you. If you need a revival, He will provide for you. If the meal barrel's empty, He will provide for you. Amen. If you're all downhearted and drooped over, God will provide for you. "For He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity; the chastisement of our peace was upon Him; with His stripes we were healed." Amen. The Lord's provided Sacrifice, the Lord's provided Lamb...

L-65 Here not long ago I was taking a little story on old blind Bartimaeus. It said that he was a blind man for years and years. He... During the time of his married life, while he was blind, he had a little girl born in the home. And the little girl, he'd never seen her in his life. So one night, he used to... Well, he used to set up at the gate at Jericho and different places. He had two little turtledoves that done little tumbles, like that, back and forth, to entertain the tourists that come by, so they could give him a coin to make his living. And the poor old fellow, one night his wife got sick; he goes out and he prays. He said, "Jehovah, if You'll only let her live, I promise You tomorrow I'll offer these two turtledoves for You for a sacrifice." And his wife got well, and kept his word and went up and offered the turtledoves.

L-66 Not long after that his little girl got sick. And she was ready to die; the doctor had give her up. He went up and he said, "Jehovah, if You'll only heal my little girl, tomorrow, I only have one thing to give You and that's my lamb." And today they got dogs that leads the blind around; them days they had lambs that led the blind around. So he said, "I've got a lamb here that leads me, where I'm blind. That's all I got. But if You'll just heal my little girl, I promise You I'll give you this lamb tomorrow." He went back in, the fever left the little girl. The next morning he was on his road up to offer the lamb for a sacrifice. When he passed by Caiaphas, the great high priest was standing there, said, "Blind Bartimaeus, where goest thou this morning?" It was a beautiful spring morning. Said, "Where you going, blind Bartimaeus?" He said, "Oh, high priest," he said, "I'm going up to the--the altar to offer this lamb." He said, "My girl was sick and God healed her, and I promised that I'd offer--give this lamb today." "Oh," he said, "Blind Bartimaeus," Said, "you can't offer that lamb, blind Bartimaeus." Said, "I'll give you some money and you go buy a lamb." He said, "Oh, high priest, all that's appreciated, but I never offered God a lamb; I offer Him this lamb." And this is the lamb. God have mercy, the lamb. And he said, "I offered Him this lamb. I promised Him this lamb." And he said, "Blind Bartimaeus, you cannot offer that lamb; that lamb is your eyes." He said, "That is right, oh, high priest, but if I keep my promise to God, God will provide a lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes."

L-67 He went on and kept his word to God. On one cold November day, setting by the side of the gates of Jericho, shivering in his rags, with no turtledoves, alone, they heard a noise. Usually, Jesus is around there's a lot of noise. They said, "What's the matter." Said, "Jesus of Nazareth comes by." He screamed, "Oh, Jesus, Thou Son of David, have mercy on me." God had provided a Lamb for blind Bartimaeus' eyes, because he kept His promise to blind Bartimaeus. Let me say this tonight, my dear brother, sister: That same Lamb that was provided for blind Bartimaeus' eyes is provided for yours tonight. "For He was wounded for your transgressions, bruised for your iniquity." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min You say, "Can this be applied at this time?" He's Jehovah-jireh. He will provide if you will believe. Shall we pray.

L-68 Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for the provided Lamb. Praise the Lord for sinners slain, give Him glory all ye people, for the Blood can wash away each stain. We're so thankful for that Lamb of God that was provided back there, come from the foundations of the world. All down through the ages they've drawed remunerations from His great supreme sacrifices, and tonight, Lord, we pray that You'll let every blind man, that's blind in sin and trespasses, walking around and stumbling in darkness not knowing where he goes, may he tonight look to God, to the Lamb of God, and receive his spiritual sight at this time. Grant it, heavenly Father. For we ask it in the Name of the Lamb of God, Thy beloved Child, the Lord Jesus.

L-69 While we have our heads bowed, I wonder if there'd be a sinner here tonight say, "Oh, God, pass me not, O gentle Saviour." [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-70 Father... the boy run to Him, said, "Lord, have mercy on my child." Said, "I brought him to the disciples, and seem like they can't do nothing for him." Said, "He--He's has a bad spirit that throws him the fire, and makes him pine away, and he froths at the mouth, and falls into the water, the devil trying to kill him." They call it epilepsy today, but then it was a devil. It's still a devil. And said, "And I took him to the disciples, they couldn't..." Said, "Lord, can You help me?" Jesus turned around and said, "I can if you believe. For all things are possible to them that believe." The father said, "Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief." Oh, is that our cry tonight? "Lord, I believe. Lord, I believe, help Thou my unbelief."

L-71 Now, in this back audience here I realize that there's many peoples, and many I don't know. Frankly, there's none that I know expect my own associates that's here with me and this minister. I can't call his name, but he was with me the other day at the hotel. I--I... He's one of the chairman, or something, on the committee. He's the only one that I know of. There's another minister with him, but I believe that I don't know who the man was. Now, if Jesus, the Son of God, has raised from the dead, He will do the same things in His resurrection, if He is the same, that He did when He was here on earth. Is that right? When He was here on earth, He did not claim to be a healer. He said, "I do nothing of Myself. I... The Father shows Me what to do, and then I go do it. I do what the Father shows Me." Is that right? "I do nothing of Myself. Verily, Verily I say unto you, The Son can do nothing of Himself; but what He sees the Father doing, that doth the Son likewise. The Father worketh, and I worketh hitherto."

L-72 Now, to make that plain to some of you, you new converts. Jesus said, "I can't heal the sick; I can't do a thing. First the Father shows Me a vision, and then I go act it out in drama, and do just what He told Me to do." Look at the grave of Lazarus. Look at all the places through the Bible. He did just as the Father showed Him. He passed by the sick, the afflicted, dead, died on ever hand, and everything, but when the Father showed Him what to do, He went and done it. Now, he said, "The things that I do shall you do also. And a little while and the world, the unbeliever, won't see me no more. Yet you shall see Me, you'll see Me." He promised that He'd be with us through the end of the age, the end of the world. The world hasn't come to the end yet. "Jesus Christ," the Bible said in Hebrews 13:8, "is the same yesterday, today, and forever." Is that right? Well, my contention is here in Georgia, as it has been three times around the world now, that Jesus raised from the dead, and is alive tonight among men. And He's here in the same principle, same power, same signs, same wonders, working in His Church, continuing the work with His Church that He paid for while He was here on earth with His supreme Sacrifice. I believe that with all my heart. I believe it because the Bible said so, and because God comes and confirms it to be so.

L-73 What do you think Jesus would do if He was here tonight? He'd be doing the same thing He did then. He looked out; there's a fellow named Philip got saved. This is for the newcomers. A fellow named Philip got saved. He went out and called his friend, Nathanael. He found him under a tree, praying. Now, listen close. So he said, "Come, see Who I found, Jesus of Nazareth, the Son of Joseph." 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min Why, the man was a very good church member, real aristocratical sort of a fellow. He said, "Could there come any good thing out of Nazareth?" It was a mean little old city, cutthroats and things lived there. He said, "Come and see." That's a very good answer. "Come and see."

L-74 Well, he came. And when he walked up, perhaps, maybe as many people as standing here, was standing around where our Lord was speaking. And when He was speaking to people, well, the first thing you know, why, up come Philip, walking along, with Nathanael with him. Nathanael looked over to see Him, Jesus standing in a prayer line. He might've been in a prayer line for... Anyhow, he was in the Presence of Jesus. And He looked over and said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there is no guile." Now, if I'd say it in the words today, I'd say, "You're a Christian, a honest man." Quite astonishing. He said, "Rabbi, when did You know me?" Why, He said, "Before Philip called you, when you was under the tree I saw you." He said, "Thou art the Son of God. You're the King of Israel." He said, "Because I told you that, you believe? You'll see greater things than this." Because then, he just become a believer. You see? He could see greater things. And he did, and his name's immortal tonight. What did the educators, and Pharisees, and religious of that day say about Him? They said, "He's a fortuneteller. He's Beelzebub, the prince of the devils. And He casts out devils by the prince of the devils." Jesus said, "Now, if the devil cast out devils, then his kingdom's divided and can't stand." The devil cannot heal the sick.

L-75 Someone stopped me the other day on that, and called me up on the telephone, said, "I'll different with you." Said, "Look, when Job... When Moses and Aaron went out," and said, "those magicians done everything that Moses did." I said, "Whoop, wait a minute. The magicians could bring the curses, but they couldn't take them away. Healing lays in God alone." Amen. That's right. They could bring it. When boils broke out, they broke out too. That's right. They could bring the curse, but they couldn't take it away. 'Cause God, "I am the Lord thy God that forgiveth all thy iniquities, Who healeth all of thy diseases." Comes through God alone.

L-76 Now, I want you to remain seated. Now, in--in the line there, the prayer line, I suppose I'm strange to each and every one. Is that right? If you are, raise your hand. If you are a stranger to me, raise your hand. How many out in this audience that doesn't have a prayer card, and you want God to heal you tonight raise your hand, regardless... Oh, it's just a solid mass. I'll say this: If I have correctly represented Jesus Christ to you, and I claim that this is a Divine gift sent from Him... Then if Jesus, standing in a crowd, and a woman touched His garment, and He looked out in the crowd and found her, if blind Bartimaeus, and all that mass over there, could be in such agony... Jesus couldn't hear him, of course, that distance is from here to the other end of the place down there, and thousands of people standing around. But his faith touched Him. He said, "Thy faith has made thee whole." See? "Thy faith..." He looked upon the people, perceived their thoughts; the woman touched His garment, went out into the audience. He looked around. He said, "Somebody touched Me. I got weak; virtue went out." And He looked around over the audience to see who it was; directly, He seen the little woman. He said, "Now, your faith healed you and your blood issue stops." See? Because she believed.

L-77 Now, Jesus is alive tonight making Himself manifested in the spirit of man. He did even before the cross. That seems to be a hard thing for people to understand, somehow. Before the cross Jesus was in Moses. Jesus was in David. Jesus was in Joseph. Look at his life, carried out, just exactly portrays the life--the life of Christ, two thousand years even before He was born. See? And He's here after the cross; He died that He could come back and be among men. So He's among men tonight alive. How many believe it? God bless you. Of course, you know I'm talking, waiting for something. I'll tell you just what it is. It's this Person right here, the Angel of Lord. It's exactly, the Pillar of Fire of the Lord. I'm just as you, a man, a poor--borned a sinner, saved by grace, just like you. And many of you old-timers here tonight was back yonder preaching, you old Baptists, and Methodists, and 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min Pentecostal, and Nazarene, was back yonder preaching when I was a little boy. I respect you, my brother. You've made the way, hewed out the stumps and things, so when these things come along, they could run clear. I respect you and so does God. If there's any credit to be given at the day, I want to stand and see you get it. God bless you.

L-78 Now. Now, His Presence is here. Now, in the Name of Jesus Christ the Son of God I take every spirit here under my control. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Now, listen. Be quiet. Don't move around, just set still, pray. Be in prayer? Look this a way, you without prayer cards. And you with prayer cards, when you come here, if He goes to speaking to you, don't say... Just wait, let Him get through talking, and then you'll know what He's speaking of. See what He tells you to do. Sometime when you break up, then you break the vision (You see?), and that--that stops me. 'Cause I hear you talking, and back here, maybe you are as a little girl or little boy talking, and then it brings me out of the vision. Just let Him get through talking, and hear me ask you, and then the vision's over. See? Now, be reverent everywhere.

L-79 Now, is this the lady? Now, if you will, someone watch time. And Brother Wood, you watch real close tonight if you can; don't let me stay too long, and... But let me stay as long as possible. Now, everybody real reverent, and be in prayer. Now, you can imagine my position standing here before this, I suppose, three thousand people, right on it, maybe more. And standing here, to this woman, a stranger... Would you like to walk up and take the place before the audience? See? Neither would I, but I'm depending on Him, the Lord Jesus. He promised, said, "I'll be with you." And He has been to this time, and I believe He will, and will help me now, 'cause I believe Him and I trust Him. And I--I believe that He will do it. Jesus Christ, the Son of God, surely will help us tonight. And let's just keep in prayer. And if He talks, believe on the Lord with all of our heart. And I trust that the Lord Jesus will bring these things to pass each one.

L-80 All right, sister. Now, just a little talk with you. Now, the first thing I see you is you're wearing glasses. You see? So now, being that you're the first patient here, are we strange to each other? We don't know each other, our first time meeting tonight? Just so the people will know that, would you raise your hand, so that they'll know it. We...?... Not no way at all, I ever know you; you're--you're a perfect stranger to me. But God has knowed you since you were born and before you were born. He's knowed me the same way. Now, if I was... If you need healing of your body, I don't know. But if you do (See?), if I could do it, I would. But if I wouldn't, I'd be a brute (See?), if I could do it, and wouldn't do it. But I can't do it, because it isn't in man to do it; it's God, diagnosing. Now, if He will let me know, just like you and I talking, like the woman at the well of Samaria talked to the Lord Jesus. He talked to her just long enough to get a conversation to strike her spirit. And that's what I'm doing, the same thing. Just to know. And if He will reveal to me what you're here for, will you accept it as His Presence, and Him doing it, and will believe then? You'll accept it. If it's--if it's for finances, you believe you'll get it? If it's for salvation, you believe you'll get it, and if it's... Whatever you ask Him, you believe you'll get it. If God will reveal it to me what you're here for, then it shows Him then, what you want. Will the rest of you all do the same, believe with all your heart? All right, just believe.

L-81 Now, as I look to you, as Peter and John set at the gate called Beautiful, to the crippled man, "Look on us." See? 'Course, he was trying to see, perhaps the vision struck at it does for all things, showed him that the man could walk. He just picked him up, 'cause he knowed that he could walk, after he'd seen the vision that he could walk. Now, to you, your trouble... You've got a hernia in your back. It's in your back, where your trouble is. Then also, you've had an examination of some sort, and it's a growth on your spine. You have a growth on your spine. And then I see him looking at your wrist. You got a growth on your--your right wrist, got a...?... with a little knot. You can't see it here, but it's there anyhow. That is truth. Then you're not from here. I see you come from the south, this way. And you're passing a street, walking; it's got a lot of great big palm trees, and you're by a seashore. Where... You live in a city where the sea rolls in and out like this, and it's a... It looks like I ought to know it. It's...?... You're from Miami. That's where you're from. That's right. There you 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min are. Now, go back home and be well. Jesus Christ will make you well, in the Name of the Lord Jesus. See?

L-82 Have faith in God. Don't doubt. Believe. You shall have what you ask for, if you can only believe. Now, oh, if I could only, my audience could know what a feeling that there puts on you. I just feel like I shaking to pieces right now. See? It's because of that woman's healing. Now, it--it just seems like there's streams from out in there, just pulling every way. What is it? Your conscious now that Something's here besides man. See? And your spirit... See, it isn't me that does this. You're the one who does it. See? The woman... It wasn't Jesus healed the woman; the woman caught this, pulled it through Jesus. It's God's gift, but your faith is pulling God's gift. See? God can use His gift or you can use it.

L-83 Now, see this woman standing here. I suppose we're strangers to one another, lady? Well, God knows you, doesn't He? I don't. But if God will reveal to me, just for His glory, which you know that He receives all the glory, for man cannot do those things... Now, if He will reveal to me what--what you're--what you're here for, will you believe it, and accept, that you believe that you'll get what you ask for? It's some contact with somebody else. You are... You suffer with a trouble that upsets your stomach, but it's under your right side, which is a gallbladder. You have gallbladder trouble. And you have, I believe, it's a blood condition, diabetes also. You have sugar diabetes. And I see someone standing near you. You're... It's--it's a young man, kind of husky. It's--it's... Your son's a preacher. And he's--he's with somebody that's got wearing straws, or something another, that's got a...?... No, it's Foursquare, a Foursquare preacher. And he's kind of a husky fellow, and he's red-headed. That's right. Go home; you have what you ask for. Your faith makes you well. Amen.

L-84 Come. You believe? God bless you, lady. We're strangers to each other. 'Course I can see your trouble; it's this place on your nose. Now, you look to me just a moment. Maybe, seeing that's your trouble, maybe God will tell me something else that you can see... Anyone can see that. You see? Like, if you can go out here and say, "This man setting here crippled in a wheelchair." Anybody sees that. "This man here on the stretcher, this man here," sure, anybody sees that. But the thing is somebody looks well, and then the mysterious part, what about that? That's the part. Now, you look to me...?... You realize that Something's come over you now. That is the Spirit of the Lord. Now, that is a growth that you're a afraid of being a cancer. And that was caused... You got it hurt. You hurt your nose sometime ago, and it's been coming like that, growing up to this place. And somehow or another, between you and I, there comes great roaring waves, like water roaring. And you're leaving... You're going to some... It's a--it's a sea. You're a missionary. And you're from, I believe, it's Bermuda Islands, or somewhere. It's one of those places where... off of a... [The sister says, "Bahamas"--Ed.] Yes. Where you're... And you're trying to go back, aren't you? God bless you. Have faith in God. Believe.

L-85 Lady, are we strangers to each other? We are strangers to each other. I don't know you, but God knows you. Now, quickly, I begin to see like a little dark shadow moving, and it's a--a wearisome spirit, causing you to be nervous. You get real nervous, don't you? You have a nervous condition, especially... I see you in kind of late of the afternoon, like that, you get your most nervous, and sometimes you set down from your work. That's right. Then you have something wrong in your back, kidney trouble, that's in your back. Then you got... You're wearing your glasses, and that's from weak eyes. And that was caused from some kind of a something that happened, like a--as in smallpox, or something, settled in your eyes long ago. That is true. You believe you're in His Presence? You believe that that's Him speaking through me? That wasn't my voice then, that was His. Now, this is mine. Do you believe then, if He's...?... present to lay hands on you, what'd He say would happen? They shall recover. Is that right? Come here. This I do in obedience to the commandments of our Lord and Saviour, Jesus Christ. Let this woman be healed. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go rejoicing now, and God be merciful and bless you.

L-86 How do you do, lady? Do you believe with all your heart? We are...?... strangers to each other, I suppose? Oh, it's... You want to get healed of that...?... trouble? You was healed then. Jesus Christ made you well, lady. Amen. Amen. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min See, you don't need your prayer cards. You don't have to have them. You just have to have faith in--in God. Just look this way and believe that I told you the truth. See, that's all I ask you to do. The lady was setting there praying. And as she was praying, said, "Lord, let the man turn around and call me and I'll accept it." If that's right lady, wave your hand, raise up your hand and wave. See? Just quoting your prayer to you. See? You're in this dimension; you're--you're not in this world; you're somewhere else. See? Oh, isn't He wonderful? He's raised from the dead. Oh, won't you say, "Praise be to the living God, the great Jehovah." He's not left His people without a witness. He's come to us in this day, and we worship Him and praise Him with all of our heart. Amen.

L-87 Now, look this way just a moment, lady, that I might be able to say something to you, perhaps that would help you. I hope so. It'd have to come through God; you know that. I see you... You've been to a doctor, and a doctor was examining a left eye. And it was in some sort of a place like a... No, this is... Yes, now wait, there's another vision moving into my--that's far back behind you. You was in a place where they operated, a growth something or another, pulling a growth off your eye. And then it's come back again, and this doctor tells you it has to be cut out now. That's the truth. You believe that Jesus will let you get well? Come here. Almighty God, in the Name of Him Who sees between us, God be merciful to the woman. May she be well and live a long life. In Jesus' Name I ask it. Amen. God bless you, lady. Go now, and be healed. Have faith. Don't doubt.

L-88 You believe, lady? Now, we're strangers to one another. But there's one thing that's sure; God knows us both, doesn't He? You're suffering with a hideous thing called cancer, and then a death spirit hanging near you. And then this one thing you need worse than that, it's salvation to the soul. That's right. Will you accept Jesus as your Saviour now? You're a sinner. If you will repent now and give your life to Christ, Christ will heal you. Do you give Him your life? Almighty God, her sins be forgiven her. And I pray, God, that You'll take ever sin away and--and heal her tonight and make her well. I condemn the devil that's bound this woman. Come out of her in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen. All right, little lady, you've cried hard. You know you've been condemned. On your road to here you were praying that God would do something for you. You was ready to repent. Is that right? And your sins are forgiven now. Go on your road rejoicing and serve the Lord Jesus. Amen.

L-89 Now, I didn't read the woman's mind. And this woman here, lay--lay your hand over on my hand just a minute. I won't look her in the face. If God will reveal to me what's wrong with you standing here like this, never looking at you, will you believe that Jesus sent me? Will you do it, lady? You have diabetes. Jesus Christ makes you well. Is that right? Go on your road rejoicing. You don't have to do that, just take... Let me have your hand a moment, lady. Here I see you trying to get out of a bed, lady. You're sick and in your body, it's arthritis. Is that right? Go off the platform; Jesus heals you and makes you well. Come, will you, lady. Come. Just a moment. Where's the colored people? You on the cot, do you believe me as God's prophet? You have no prayer card, do you? You believe that God can tell me what's wrong with you? Will you accept me as your prophet and obey me? Then get up from the cot, and go home, and eat your supper. Jesus Christ will make you well. Amen.

L-90 Lady, you believe that God heals your diabetes? Go on your road rejoicing and be made well. Jesus Christ heals you. Amen. Let's say, "Praise be to the living God." Let us say, "Praise be to God." All right, sister, do you believe me? Jesus makes you well. Believe with all your heart. Jesus Christ heals you. Go on your road rejoicing, saying, "Thanks be to God." Sir, what if I told you, you was healed standing there in the line? Would you believe me? You are, my dear brother. Go on your road...?... You believe, lady? Go eat your supper. Jesus Christ heals you of stomach trouble now. You can go be made well. You believe?

L-91 Come, lady. You believe with all your heart? Do you believe me to be God's servant? The kidney trouble leaves you then. Go on your road rejoicing, and your back's made well. You can go on home made well in Jesus' Name. 55-0608, Abraham, Porter Stadium, Macon, GA, 94 min Come. Watch. You believe? Just a moment. Do you believe me, lady? Look at this foul, black streak coming across this way; can't you see it? Here it is. It's them two women setting right back there in that second row. Both of you are suffering with female trouble, lady's trouble. That's right. You have the same thing. All three of you stand up. Jesus Christ heals all three of you. There goes the streak away from you. Go on your road rejoicing and be made well. Have faith in God.

L-92 The lady setting right back there with back trouble, do you believe Jesus Christ makes you well? Do you believe me with all your heart? If you do, you can receive it. God bless you. Go home and be made well, if you can believe. Amen. You want to get over that hay fever? You believe that God will make you well? You do? All right, be healed then. Lay your hand on that lady next to you there; she has heart trouble. Let's see if she gets healed too. Lord Jesus, I pray that You'll bless her also and make her well. Amen. You know the reason she was healed... Lady, with the baby, that heart trouble you been having, this lady here had heart trouble too. You was both healed at the same time. So you can go home and be made well. God bless you. And now, you had the same thing; it left at the same time it left from her. There's that...?... up right like that. You're healed, go home rejoicing and be made well. Hallelujah.

L-93 You believe? Have faith in God. Your arthritis is gone. Go home. Amen. You want to get over that phlebitis, setting back there? Do you believe that God makes you well? Your faith healed you just then, lady. Rise to your feet, Jesus Christ makes you well. Come, lady. Your anemia condition is gone also. So you can go on your road rejoicing. Amen. Just a minute, just a minute. Here's my...?... You believe? All right, your female trouble's gone from you. Have faith.

L-94 Is this one of the patients? Are you the patient, sir? Do you believe? You believe on me as God's prophet? I believe you're telling the truth. You've been hurt. You've been struck with a piece of steel or metal, and you've had a brain operation. I see something like trains, or railroad. You was... You had an operation. You're a Catholic also, by faith. You're a Catholic. And your--your name is Davis; your first name's Walter. You live at 909 Second Street. Go home, sir. Praise the Lord Jesus, He makes you well. Jesus Christ grant it to you. Why don't you get up, with the gallbladder trouble, laying on that cot, lady. Rise up, in the Name of the Lord Jesus...?... Amen. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ A Greater Witness Than John
