Date: 1956-04-01
Title: The Mighty Conqueror
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Branham Tabernacle
Location: Jeffersonville
Duration: IN, 100 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 56-0401M

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 Baptismal service... I believe they have the pool filled up and communion and foot washing. How many people in here ever was at a foot washing? Let's see our hands. Oh, my, look at the Baptists that's--that's in here this morning. You know they say, "The foot-wash Baptists," and thing though when I used to go to the foot-wash Baptists, they only wash one feet, just one foot, and now here we wash both feet. So we have a double blessing. You see? So that have two blessings than one. If it's a blessing to wash one foot, you ought to try both one time. The foot-wash Baptists... [A brother speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Well, it depends on what kind of service we have this morning. That's right. We don't know just what it will be tonight, because we... Of how the service is this morning.

L-2 I kind of tired. We just come from Mexico where I had one of most marvelous meetings we've ever had, and I know many of you are interested to hear of it so I... Well, we was down there for three nights, had three nights of service and the... Our blessed Redeemer certainly did do the exceeding abundantly down there. The last night we had twenty thousand people that had never come to Christ in any manner, received Jesus as personal Saviour at one time: twenty thousand at one time. A resurrection of a little baby had died in its mother's arms while standing on the ground, and the doctor had said day before it was going to die, and she'd brought it to the meeting to be prayed for, and the people were standing like they are around here. Now, you think it's pretty bad here, for we Americans have to stand an hour, but they would come in sometimes at six o'clock at morning and stand till eleven that night, and it was so jammed together till they estimated how much ground we had for them to stand on, and they were standing six people every three square feet, six people just standing jammed together leaning against each other.

L-3 I said it reminded me of sheep. You know when the heat of the day is on, the sheep all get together, and they stand against another, and they make shade for each other, and they support each other. So that's the way the sheep of God should do. Kind of stand together so it places and support one another with our faith. Now, every person in your own way of praying... Whichever way you pray at your church, you pray this morning, and we're going to read some of God's Word, and because of those who are standing, as we come up they was just turning the people away and away and said they'd been turning them away for quite a long time. So now, we're going to be real quick and speak on the Word so you can have a ground for faith, and then after that then we're going to pray for the sick the way the Lord will.

L-4 I've been wanting to have our first opening service to take the people the way the vision had just showed. But I don't know whether I'm going to be able to do that or not. The rooms are jammed full in there... to get them away from the public. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Trust that you'll try to hold on just for a little while and pray. Now, the first thing, I believe that all doctrine must come from God's eternal blessed Word, for faith cannot rest upon the shifting sands of theology of man. It must be based upon the unmovable Rock of God's Word. Therefore, a person can rest assure that if God has said it, God will perform what He said.

L-5 In the message this morning we were talking on how that God before, perhaps ten thousand years before there was ever a world, Jesus Christ was slain before the foundation of the world. God spoke It, and that settled It. As long as God speaks It, that makes It right. And in God's mind when He speaks the Word, It's already confirmed in heaven. That's how perfect It is up There. So how much ought we mortals who have been redeemed by His grace trust His Word. If His Word said so, that settles It.

L-6 Now, first the Word, the Bible said, "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God." Now, before It could be a Word, It had to be a thought 'cause a word is a thought expressed. And God, when He seen that the enemy of this world had--was going to do what he did, God thought how He would send the great plan of redemption, and when He thought it, then He spoke it, and It was as good as done right then. And thousands of years 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min later came the Lord Jesus Christ and died for sins and rose again some nineteen hundred years ago this morning for our justification, setting at His right hand now, as a High Priest making intercession upon our confession. See it's already finished, and any word that comes out of God's Bible, you can rest your soul upon It. See? That's the reason down in Mexico the most of the people down there are Catholic. And being interviewed by Catholic man, he said, "Brother Branham, do you believe that--that our saints can perform miracles?" I said, "If they're living, not dead." And he said, "Well," he said, "Well, you..." I said, "I..." He said, "What church are you with?" I said, "The Church of the Lord Jesus." And he said, "What denomination is it?"

L-7 And I said, "It isn't a denomination. It's the Body of Christ. By one Spirit we all come together to believe, and in there, no matter what the man thinks, it's his personal faith in Christ." He said, "Of course, that Bible was the ancient history of the Catholic church." I said, "Well, I'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt. I have... I read many histories, and I don't see where the Catholic church ever come into existence for three hundred years, and something after the death of the last apostle; but however, I'll--I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and say it was. Then you can call me a Catholic of the old type, 'cause I believe the Bible." That's right. All right. And I believe that every Word can never be changed if God has once spoke It, and It's forever the Truth. See? See? You and I keep learning more wisdom. You know more now than you did a few years ago.

L-8 A little girl setting here, now, she's just a child. Her parents has to lead her. After while she'll grow up and probably in her day she progresses, she might be smarter than her mother is now (See?), 'cause she keeps progressing, but God is infinite. He can't change. He has to... He--He was--He was perfect to begin with. He will be the same at the end. He--He can't change. So whatever His attitude was towards anything in the Bible, it has to be same now, or He did wrong the way He acted then. See? So He's got to never change. So before we open up His Word, let us speak to the One Who wrote It, the Lord Jesus, while we bow our head.

L-9 Our heavenly Father, today is one of the greatest days of the--on the history of the Christian calendar. It's the day of the resurrection. We pray, heavenly Father, that He Who is alive today, and alive forevermore, will visit with us in these next few moments of speaking and praying for those poor people who are sick and needy today. I humbly ask that You forgive us all of our sins and trespasses. We do wrong. We realize that, because we're living in a wrong world with wrong motives, wrong spirits, wrong emotions. But, Father, Thou knowest all these things, so we are so thankful that we have Jesus Who sets at the right hand of the Majesty to make intercessions upon our confession that we are wrong; and He promised to forgive us, and we believe it and trust Him. Get glory out of the service today. Circumcise every heart to hear the Word and the lips who speak it, for we ask it in Christ's Name. Amen.

L-10 In the Book of the Ephesians I wish to read these words. I just love to read God's Word. Wherefore... (The book, 1st chapter beginning with the 2nd, 15th verse) Wherefore I also, after I heard of your faith in the Lord Jesus, and love with all the saints. Cease not to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers; That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the Spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him: The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that you may know what is the hope of the calling, and what is the riches of the glory of the inheritance of the saints, And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power, Which he has wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min places, Far above all principalities, and powers, and might,... dominion, and every name,... not only in this world, but also in that which is to come: And hath put all things under his feet, and given... to be the head over all things to the church, Which is his body, the fulness of him that filleth all in all. And then over in the Gospels of Saint Mark, or Luke, rather, beginning about the 25th verse. Then he said unto them, O fools, and slow of heart to believe all things the prophets has spoken: Ought not Christ to have suffered these things, and to enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them... all the Scriptures and the things concerning himself. And they drew not unto the village, where they went: and he made as though he would have gone farther. (What?) They constrained him, saying, Abide with us: for it is towards evening, and the day is far spent. And he went in and tarried with them. And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake it, and gave it to them. And their eyes were opened, and they knew him; and he vanished out of their sight. May the Lord add His blessings to His Word.

L-11 Enough Scripture has been read till it would take us weeks and months to even halfway go to the context of this text, but my subject this morning, or text is: "The Mighty Conqueror." And now, we begin where we left off of the resurrection where it proved what He was. There's many men's who can make statement. There's been many philosophers in the world: Buddha, Mohammed, Confucius, many other great philosophers. They've all made statements that they were great people, but death settled the question forever with them, but never has there been a man outside of Christ Who said, "I have power to lay My Life down and to take it up again," and could prove it.

L-12 That's the one beautiful thought of Christianity that even today, that as we speak of the Gospel, we do not have to take a hearsay, or a historical thing about it, because it could be proven right here this morning, that Jesus Christ lives and reigns, and is raised from the dead, and is alive forevermore. After two thousand years, He's just as present as He was when He was walking in Galilee with His disciples: doing the same thing, performing the same miracles, showing the same mercy, preaching the same Gospel. He is not dead but alive forevermore. What happy hearts that ought to make Christians be today to know that it's not some curious philosophy that we're understanding, but it is the power of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus.

L-13 And as the great Saint Paul said in his days, being the only educated one among the disciples, he said, "I didn't come to you with the excellency of word or with the speech of man that your faith would be trusting in such things," but said, "I come to you with the power and demonstrations of the Holy Ghost that your--that your faith would rest in God," something to that order. How we love that, and to know that the same thing that Paul preached in the days after the resurrection of Christ, is just the same today and can be proven right here now, infallible proofs that Jesus is alive today.

L-14 What a marvelous day it must've been for Cleopas and his friend. It was a beautiful Easter morning, the first Easter morning. Brokenhearted as they went along the road... The Bible said they were ignorant and unlearned men, His apostles was. They may not have knowed much about botany. They might not have much about mathematics, or--or algebra, or anything of that sort of our modern education. They might not have knowed much about that, but they knowed Him, and that's the main thing. To know Him is Life. Remember that, Christian friend and sinner friend. To know Christ is Life. Many people go and they learn a catechism. They think that's life. Many people got and learn the Bible. They think that's life. Many people know the doctrine of their church. They think that's life. All those things are good, but to know Him, personally, as your personal individual Saviour; that is Life and that alone, to know Him.

L-15 It's good to know your catechism. It's good to know your books. It's good to know your doctrine of your church, 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min but all of that is a sideline, but to know Him is to know Life, and to--to have Life is to know Him. "For he that heareth My Words and believeth on Him that sent Me hath Everlasting Life and shall never come into condemnation, but has passed from death unto Life." Jesus made those statements and those are Words that after there's no more moon and stars, those still... Them Words will still be in effect and just as powerful as they was the day that He spoke them. His Words cannot fail.

L-16 Now, if you will listen closely... On this Easter morning as they went along, they were brokenhearted. The Man that they had trusted in, the One that they'd thought was going to be the Saviour of Israel, the One that they had trusted to be the coming King had been miserably mistreated, dead, crucified, buried, and a seal put upon His grave with a daresn't of the Roman garrison to ever touch it or the penalty of all Rome resting in it. And if any man would break that seal, they'd be put to death immediately. Mary, His beloved mother, though she stood and seen Him stripped down naked before the people, beaten to a pulp, bones in His hands parted by the cruel Roman nails, and all these things and disgraced and heard Him screaming for mercy as He died, thinking surely that no Man of that caliber could ever die such a death...

L-17 But God works all things together for the good. He had to bring Him that. As I said this morning, how would you have confidence in your loved ones ever raising from the dead if--if we only had Enoch who was translated, Elijah who went home to heaven in a chariot. If we only had them, we'd be miserable, but this Man died. He died until the sun knowed He was dead. He died until the moon and stars knowed He was dead. He died until everything in earth and heaven knew He was dead, that He might die the death of every mortal that ever lived. Because He died, is because we live. He died. He was mistreated. He came into the world by the way of a barn, no place to lay His head when He come on earth.

L-18 And He was so rejected by the people, He didn't have a place to die. The earth refused Him, and heavens couldn't have Him because He was coming a sinner, not with Own sin, but with our sins upon Him. He was bearing the sins of the world upon Him, so He was rejected in heaven. And the earth didn't want Him, and they had to lift Him up between heavens and earth, and let Him die outside of heaven and outside of the earth. What a Saviour. How could you turn down such a Person as that for modern theology, or for the persons of people when you know that you've got to stand in His Presence in that day of judgment to give an account for your life? God won't hold you responsible for being a sinner. He will hold you responsible for rejecting the way out. You can't help being a sinner. You were borned... Your nature's a sinner, but you can help it. Jesus made the way for you.

L-19 And there He was, after seeing all of that, "And surely how could a person," thought Mary, "that not knowing a man, I was packing water one day from the well, and the Holy Ghost spoke to me in a big Light, then said, 'That Holy Thing which will be borned of thee shall be called the Son of God,' and how could God ever permit to see His Own Child hanging there, suffering, bleeding, twisting, dying? How could it be?" They were looking at any time for Him to turn from the cross, pull His hands loose in triumph over the enemy's... But they didn't realize if He did that, then we'd be left sinners this morning. He had to do it.

L-20 They paid Him the greatest compliment, them Pharisees did that--that crucified Him. They paid Him the greatest compliment He was ever paid when they said, "He saved others but Himself He cannot save." They didn't realize that if He saved Himself, He couldn't save others. He had to give Hisself in order to save others, and it was a complimentary to Him, them not knowing it. They were guilty of putting Him to death, but on Easter morning when God proved above a shadow of doubt that Something more than a philosopher died, Something more than a prophet died. Man today in modern theology tried to make Him preaching a social Gospel as just a philosopher, or a good man, or a fine scholar, a teacher. He was more that. He was God Himself made flesh among us. He was Divine. His Blood did not come from any mortal man, but It come from the created power of Jehovah God, His Father, and He was Divine, and He proved it when He broke the seals of death and rose on the third day.

L-21 Here was many of the disciples all disheartened. Many things had come up in life just like we get ourselves. Along this journey they were on their road home, going over to Emmaus, Cleopas and his companion, walking along the road. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min And how little did they know on this beautiful first Easter morning that Jesus Christ was alive and among the people. They thought He was dead. And as they did then so, is it now. Many people who really love Jesus fail to understand that He's right with us, living resurrected here among us. They teach it as a historical affair of something, and it is a history. The Bible's not only a history but It's a Prophet also. He's not only dead, but He raised again. He died, truly, but He rose again from the dead.

L-22 And there's many fine Christian people this morning who belong to fine churches who doesn't realize that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever, and is alive among us today with the same powers, the same principles, the same acts that He did when He was here on earth. Little does people know that. And as they journeyed along on their way down to Emmaus about a Sabbath's day journey, about a couple of miles, I guess, on their road down, walking along the side of the road, they were speaking of His death. I want you to notice. Just when they were speaking, "Oh, why could it ever happen? How could it ever happen to us? We've left our church now to follow this Man Who we thought surely would be the... Why, we seen Him raise Lazarus from the grave after he'd been dead four days, and how could a Man that could raise a dead man from the grave ever die?" But God works in His Own way. He was just... Just like a seed goes into the ground and dies and brings forth again... "Except a corn of wheat falls into the ground, it abides alone," says the Bible.

L-23 So they was wondering. But while they were thinking on Him, He appeared to them, and that's the way He usually comes to us. When you usually find your greatest blessing, you housewives? When the children's all gone to school, and you're out by yourself washing the dishes or something, when you're running the sweeper on the floor or something. When do you men? When you're setting eating your lunch, maybe by yourself, and reading the Bible on the side, somewhere where you're on your road going home in the car, and you're meditating on... If we would let the thoughts of our heart, and the meditations of my mind be upon Him, He would appear often to us. But the trouble, we're thinking about where we're going to make the next dollar, and what we're going to do here, and how this is going to be. Jesus said, "All these things will be taken care of, but seek ye first the Kingdom of God."

L-24 But as they went along on the road that morning, I can just see them... Oh, my. The greatest blow that ever happened to them... Here they was on the road. They'd left their church, excommunicated for following Him. They thought surely He would do something triumph there at the grave. Then they were taken from their church. They couldn't return to church any more, and they'd be branded and mocked at, laughed at, made fun of. That's the way a man does when he really sells out for Christ. He has to cut every shoreline to walk alone with Christ, Him alone. And men and women of this world who's ever amounted to anything, are men and women who has predominately taken Christ for their Saviour and stood alone in their decisions. It'll be the same way with every man here this morning or every woman, boy or girl. If you ever wished to amount to anything, go forward with God. Don't trust your church. Don't trust your preacher, your rabbi, your priest, but stand alone in Christ Jesus. It's the only way you can do it. Don't...

L-25 If you're here to be prayed for this morning to be healed, don't say, "Oh, if I can get to the... Up there to be prayed for. Brother Branham can pray for me. Somebody else do this, that, or other." Put your trust alone in Him, and then know He raised from the dead, and has made the infallible promise, and it can never fail, God's Word. You see it? Notice. And as they went along thinking, He appeared to them and walked with them, and they didn't recognize Him. Why, there's been many times God's walked right with you, and you didn't recognize Him. Who kept you from getting that wreck the other day? Who did this? Who--Who was it out there at the hospital when the doctor said, "Well, there ain't hardly anything no more I can do." And you got well. Who did that? Where did it come from? You didn't recognize it, but it was His grace. It was He that did this thing for you.

L-26 A little lady may be present now; I don't know. She lives just across the street there (She should be present if she can get in, unless she's give some outsider her place.): a Mrs. Reese. I remember the time that when I went down there at the corner, when Mr. Andrews lived next door to me, across the street... 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min And that man laughed at me on the corner, when I went that night when she was laying there right across the street here on the corner. That's where she lived when she was in sickness, and she'd been taken from up at here on Silvercrest to die with TB, and her lungs were all congested up. When Miss Grace Weber right second door here, first door above the church was healed with TB, right in the same time... I believe I see the sister setting here that was healed with cancer, wasn't nothing but a skeleton when the doctor turned her down, a Miss... setting here with a pink flower on you, what... Weaver, is that right? Yes. Several years ago cancer had went all through her, eating her up. Healed with cancer because the Lord showed a vision down at her house and said, "THUS SAITH THE LORD, You'll not die."

L-27 I baptized her here in this pool of water when I had to hold her, her arms wasn't over that big around. Here she is alive yet today, and that's been years ago. How many more could I say in here: the deaf, dumb, blind, cancer-eaten and so forth that God has healed because God made the promise. That night while praying for the lady over on the corner, the Holy Ghost came down. She had her little children around her, and her husband was setting there; and the Holy Spirit said, "THUS SAITH THE LORD, she's going to be made well." The next morning Mr. Andrews, that perfect infidel, met me at the corner and shamed me, said, "Preacher, aren't you ashamed of yourself?" I had on an old pair of ragged overalls, coming from the store to get some buns for breakfast, and he was going over. And he said, "Shame on you. Would deceive that family like that, that poor little mother laying there with those children dying, and you telling her under a falsehood that she was going to be alive." Said, "Sir, I never told her that. God said that, and His Words is true." Oh, he said, "Shame on you. There's no such a thing as God, only your mental workup and emotion." Oh, my.

L-28 A few days after that when his wife was stricken at the hospital here, you know the story, most of you. And he had to come to me to go pray for her, very renowned Christian woman. I said, "Sister..." Laying... My wife was just here somewhere if she got in the building this morning, and we went to see her, and there was she was swollen, didn't ever know nothing. The doctors of Louisville said that a great blood clot would run to her heart, and she'd be dead in an instant, any minute. And he come with his hat pulled down, crying. He said, "Preacher, I've been an unbeliever, but if God can help my wife..." He said, "That woman that you said that about is up...?... doing her housework." I said, "Sure." She lives yet today, and that's been eight or ten years ago, and she's still living. And the woman said as you come across this commons a crying, he said, "Will you go pray for her?"

L-29 I said, "Yes, sir, but I want you to pray here first." And let Him see, and we went out to the hospital, and there she was laying there dying all swelled up, her lips turned inside out like that, and my wife loved her, and we knelt down. She was a Chris--member of the Christian church in Virginia, and we went and knelt and prayed for her; and when we was praying a vision come over her. I seen myself setting leaned back on that porch right there, eating a big apple pie like this in my hand, for she was a famous cook. I raised up, and I said, "Honey, THUS SAITH THE LORD, she's going to live." And when she did.. And two hours from then they had to call the specialist from Louisville; all the water had passed from her and everything else. And the specialist said, "Somebody's been here besides the doctor." What was it? Christ lives. Two weeks after that I was passing a man on the same corner. (I'm looking at the tree right now.) He stopped there. I said, "Mr. Andrews, we met here before." He said, "Yes, we have, preacher." He was a scientist, a botanist. And I said, "What do you think about it now?" He looked over at that big tree that I'm looking at. He said, "Preacher, build me a tree." Oh, it can't be done, but because God, 'cause Christ raised from the dead... That's it. He's with us.

L-30 Mrs. Reeves, if she's present, she was telling me here. Recently her and her daughter was over the river, and this poor old woman begging on the corner. She had a dime to get back on. So she passed by and the Holy Ghost said to her, 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min "Go back and give that poor old woman that dime." "Why," she said, "it's all I got to cross the river." He said, "I'm the Lord." Amen. She went back and said, "Sister, forgive me." Put her arms around her and said, "The Lord told me to come back and give her--give you this dime." Her mother said, "Mother, how are we going to get home?" She said, "That's up to God. We can walk the bridge maybe." And when he turned around and walked about a half a city block from there, just before they come to the station to where they was to get on at, her daughter said, "Looky here, mother. Here lays the dime on the street."

L-31 What was it? Christ. He's with you many times and you don't know it. That's Him. Just follow the way He leads you. Where He leads me, I will follow. I'll go with Him all the way. Though through valleys dark and shadowy, He'll be with me every day. That's right. And as He moved down, Cleopas and them... Watch. When Christ begin to speak, He never went off on some kind of a tantrum. He never went off on some kind of theology. He opened up the Scriptures. That's the way He does it yet today. And He begin; He said, "O foolish of heart." Said, "What are you so sad about?"

L-32 Said, they said, "Are you just a Stranger, sir?" All men looked alike; He didn't dress like a rabbi or a priest. He dressed like an ordinary man. So when He... He walked among them. They'd been with Him for three years and a half, and they still didn't recognize Him. He said, "Well," He said, "why are you so slow of heart?" Said, "Well, are You a Stranger?" Said, "Don't you know that Jesus of Nazareth Who we expected to be the King has been killed and buried, and this is the third day." He said, "And now, we even had some women come to us this morning, said they'd seen a vision of some Angels, and we just considered it not," and said, "all these things a going around Jerusalem like it is."

L-33 He said, "Why are you so slothful of heart? Why are you so foolish? Didn't you believe the prophets?" Oh, my. "Can't you believe the Word?" Said, "Don't you know that all the prophets said that Christ must suffer first and then enter into His glory?" And He begin with Moses (That's Genesis.) and explained to them, as He walked along the road, all the precepts of the Old Testament, what was to take place. Wouldn't you like to been in company there that morning? But you are this morning. He's just as alive today as He was then. He said, "I am He Who was dead and is alive forevermore, and because I live ye shall live also."

L-34 You're... Not only is He here alive, but you're alive with Him. The great hope that you have within your heart makes you alive. Well, even death itself has nothing that can shadow that beautiful hope that rests yonder in Christ Jesus to every believer. "Though he were dead yet shall he live, and whosoever liveth and believeth in Me shall never die," He said. Oh, when He went to the grave of Lazarus these words was spoken in Saint John 11. Now, as He walked along, and after while He made out like He was going to go on a past the little place. You know, sometimes He does that. Have you ever thought of that, mother, you in the wheelchair, it looked like He was just going to pass you by? You ever think of it, brother, sister, you people out there that's turned down today by cancer? The doctors turned you down; nothing they can do.

L-35 You that say, "Well, if that woman setting there was just a shadow, and the best of doctors and the cancer was in the uterus, first," wasn't it, sister? Went into the spine and even the holes was eat through her intestinal tracts and things. "How could she live?" That's what her doctor said to me, "How can she live?" I said, "Because He lives." That's why. It isn't for me to question. It's for me to believe it. That's right. Said, "THUS SAITH THE LORD, sister, I've never been in your place, but there's a little chicken house back here. In 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min three days you'll visit it." She did. That's right. She's here yet this morning because He lives. He made out like He was going to let her die. When I come to her house, she said, "Preacher, I'm not worthy that a minister would come into my house." Said, "I'm a sinner."

L-36 I said, "That's what Jesus died for, for you sinners." His reputation's made where sinners are. That's right. His reputation's not hurt by sinners. It's made by sinners. It's self-righteousness where He is hurt (That's right.), if you won't humble yourself to Him. Notice. And He made like He would pass by. Dad, you with the heart trouble, mother you with the cancer that's going to die. You know you got to die. Maybe... You say, "Well, I've been a Christian all my life, Brother Branham. Why would it happen? I've asked Him." But maybe He just made like He was going to go by. That's what He done to Cleopas and them. He said... Made out like that... He knowed all the time He was going in. He knowed all the time He was going with them. So He said... They act like He was going on by, and they constrained Him. "Come in. We love You." That's the way. "Come in and abide with us."

L-37 Can you do that today? Can the Methodists do that? The Baptists? The Presbyterians? The Nazarenes? The Pilgrim Holiness? The Catholics? The Lutherans? Can you do that? Regardless of what church says. "Come in, and abide with Me." Just ask resurrection morning... "Come and abide with us." He's never asked unless you receive. He said, "Ask, and you shall receive. Knock, it will be opened. Seek, and you shall find, for everyone that seeketh findeth. To him that knocketh it shall be opened. That's right. Ask, and you shall receive." No, maybe you will. You will receive. And they asked Him, "Come in with us." He turned, come back, walked into the little hut. It might've been a little adobe on the side of the road, as many of the Assyrian countries there have those little adobes made up with mud and so forth, sticks, poor. Why would the King of glory ever stoop to come into a place like that, but there's never a place too--too little. There's never a church too small. There's never a person too rejected by the world. There's never a woman too fallen. There's never a man too drunk, but He will come when He's asked. Certainly. Ask Him and find out.

L-38 May I say this, leaving it for last? There's never a person who's too sick, never a person who's too far gone. Ask, and you shall receive. "Let Me come in, make my abode with you. I'd like to talk to you a few minutes." And they invited Him. He came in, and when once inside, and the door's of the world shut out, alone with Jesus... There you are. If He can only get you to yourself once, if He can only get you away from the crowd, the pleasure seeking crowd; if He can only get you away from the doubters that says, "The days of miracles is past"; if He can ever get you away from the people that says, "There's no more feeling of religion. The heartfelt religion of our fathers, bled on the battlefields for, there's nothing to it." If He can ever got you alone one time, and your, all your ideas shut outside... If He can ever get a group of people together like that, there'd be a repeat of Pentecost. If He could ever get a church like that, there'd be a revival that would sweep the nation. Get alone with Him.

L-39 And while He was alone, the doors shut, the world outside, He picked up some bread and He broke it; and just the way He done it, they knew it had to be Him. Their eyes were opened. They'd talked to Him all day. They'd fellowshipped. They'd heard Him preach along the road through the journey of the heat of the day, but when once alone, He made Hisself known to them, and their eyes come open. Oh, if He could only get this group of people at this hour, if He could only get you to a place alone where you wouldn't notice... Say, "I'm setting by a Methodist this morning, and I'm a Baptist." See, you mustn't do that. You must shut the world out. Shut the other people out. You must walk alone with Christ. If He ever gets you alone, then your eyes come open; say, "Why, that was Him all the time." Then He will do something here this morning the way He used to do it, and the way He does it today; for He has to do the same thing today that He did then, act on the same principles, or He isn't the same yesterday, today, and forever, and He did wrong when He acted there. If Christ in the...

L-40 Here it is. Get it. Christ at the first resurrection, and made Hisself known to these apostles by something that He did when He was here on earth to prove to them that He was risen from the dead, and It was He, He's under the same obligations to move this morning in this tabernacle: to do things here in this church, this morning, that He did when He 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min was here on earth in the same manner; He is obligated the same way to act when the same crisis arrives. Now, for another few moments. I... If--if you'll stand it. I--I want to say--come to my other Scripture. Quickly. He is arisen from the dead. The highest of heaven became the lowest to earth. He passed through a city, Jericho, the lowest city in the world, and the littlest man in the city had to look down to see Him. That's right. How low did He come? Did you ever think of it? He become me, that I through grace might become Him. He become sin, knowing no sin that I, by sin, might be righteous in the sight of God. That's what He did for you. That's what He did for you, sinner friend, this morning. How could you turn Him down?

L-41 Now, notice. Now, that was His... His earthly work was finished. At the resurrection He proved everything He said. Now, He's got another work to do that the world knows little about. That's right. His next work in His ascension, we want to speak on that for a moment. After He's risen from the dead, after He's already here on earth, and proving Himself alive by infallible proofs, that He's doing the same thing that He did when He was here in flesh... And here He is walking, breaking bread, and eating with them. Oh, the same Jesus, He's proved it. Now the ascension comes. Now the time comes. Did you ever know the Bible said that He ascended upon high far above every, every through every heaven. This earth belonged to the devil. Through the fall this earth was given to the devil. Every kingdom of this world is governed by the devil. We hate to think that, but the Bible says it is.

L-42 That--that's the reason we have wars, and shooting, and fighting, and trouble is because the kingdoms of this world is the kingdoms of the devil. The Bible said so. And in the great millennium which is to come, the Bible said, "Rejoice all ye heavens and you holy prophets of the earth for the kingdoms of this earth have become the kingdoms of our Lord, and it--and He--He shall rule and reign forever. Now, they will become. We'll have no more war then when He comes, no more sickness, nor more trouble. Now, notice. When He had died... There's so little spoke of this ascension. It's one of the greatest days when He ascended up, 'cause all over the earth since the day in the garden of Eden that sin was committed, all heavens was shut off from mankind. Satan is the prince of the power of the air. That's right. "Why art thou fallen from heaven, O Lucifer?" No man could see into glory. No man could understand because the power is just above us. Heaven means "atmosphere above" and then all these powers was shut off from mankind because of sin.

L-43 But when He had died, and had rose again, and come up, He... The Bible said, "No one has ascended up, but He that came down first." When He was in heaven, He was the Logos that went out of God in the beginning, and He came down on earth, and was not to be made an Angel. He came down on earth and took the form of a bondsman, not an Angel. Not come down in the great Jehovah glory, but He came down as a Man to redeem man, to die for man, to die for--as a man. He never died as God. He died as a man. The sin of man was upon the Son of man, and He had to become a man in order to pay the penalty. What did He do? The Bible said He was made a little lower than the Angels in order for death that He might take away and abolish sin and take away sickness from the world. Now, when He came down from the highest, Logos from God, He came down through Angels, and came down, and was made a man, and He said, "I am not even a man. I am a worm and no man," for He was despised and rejected.

L-44 There was no beauty we should desire Him. He was marred above every man. He was probably a little skinny, spindly looking Fellow, didn't look like the King. Many times that people judge people by the way they dress or by their statue. Man is not judged by how big he is and how strong's his muscles; man's judged by character and character alone. I've seen men that weighed two hundred pounds and didn't have an ounce of man about them. Man is judged by character, what he is in his heart. And Christ was not judged by physical strength, but He was judged by character. And never a man ever lived like Him, or never a man could ever die like Him. Never a man could ascend up on high like Him, because He was God. "I am a no man." He made of Himself no reputation. Did you ever think? The man that made an artificial eye, made a reputation. The man that made false teeth, made a reputation. The man that made a wooden arm, made a reputation for himself, but the Man Who made the original eye, 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min the Man Who made the original arm made of Himself no reputation, but become a Servant, a Bondsman unto men who were sinners that He might win them back.

L-45 How could a man in his right mind know the Gospel truth of that and reject the Man, reject that offer God has give to save the man from a life of sin? How can he do it? I just can't understand it, how that you could reject such a One, when He's not here to make anything that you have to do for Him, but just offer you a way of escape from the things that you're going to, and became that for you. When He did... When He was dying yonder at Calvary, everything had rejected Him. They'd spit on Him. They'd... His--His face was full of mockery spit. They had a rag around His eyes, and hit Him on the head, and said, "If you're a prophet tell us who hit you." A little woman run into the midst of them and said, "What has He done but heal your sick, and raise your dead, and done good?" They smacked her in the mouth and said, "Would you listen to that woman instead of your priest? Away with such a person."

L-46 And His own dear mother, walking in His Bloody footprints (God, let me walk the same way,) as He went yonder to Calvary, down in her heart was a wondering. And when she seen her darling Child die yonder, a Man thirty-three years old and looked like fifty, the Bible said, of His strain, where He'd probably turning gray, and the grim look on His face to where He was suffering, not so much physically, but as it was agony. The Bible said that His Blood and water separated from each other, and any doctor or anything can tell you, that knows the chemistry of blood, that only sorrow will do that. He never died from a Roman spear; neither did He die from a nail drove in His hand or His feet, but He died of a broken heart, being rejected. "He came to His Own, and His Own received Him not." Said, "Brother Branham, I wish I could've stood there that day at Calvary." Brother, you're standing in a better place today. You're standing in the Presence of a resurrected Lord Jesus Who has proved Hisself triumph.

L-47 Look at Him as He stands there. And after He arose from the dead, then we notice here that as He went on then, after He talked with His disciples, the Bible said, "He ascended upon high." What did He do? He took the... He was here come down, the Logos from heaven, when He went back He took with Him... The High Priest, being a High Priest anointed with the torch light of His Own Blood, when He went down there over these powers here that accused, wouldn't let God and man fellowship. It'd been broke in the garden of Eden. Sin done the thing. Satan had a... The domain of this earth was Satan's. It belonged to the devil. But when He come the anointed High Priest... As the high priest Aaron went into the holiest of holies behind the veil anointed with the precious anointing oil, walking a certain way, playing, "Holy, holy to the Lord," as he walked in as a type of Christ with the blood of the lamb before him, and if He went any other way, He would died...

L-48 Christ with His Own Blood as a High Priest anointed with the power of God, raised from the dead, and tore down the dominion of Satan. As He broke the domain, He went to heavens beyond heavens and He was--come to the lowest on earth and received up in heaven, and God set Him on a pinnacle until He has to look down to see heaven. Amen. No wonder He's the mighty Conqueror as He stands yonder today in the domain forever and ever. Isaiah said, "Unto us a Son is born, unto us a Child is given: and His Name shall be called Counseller, Prince of Peace, mighty God, the everlasting Father, and of His domain there shall be no end forever and ever." He will reign on the throne of David, seated in the heavens of heavens, far above every Angel, Archangel. Every principality and power He tore down and spoiled at His crucifixion and resurrection. Everything Satan had... He had broke through the veil of sin. He tore it apart with the High Priest Blood of His Own body. He come to the next... What was it? It was a veil of sickness that held over the people. He tore it apart. "For He was wounded for our transgressions; with His stripes we were healed."

L-49 He went through the great veil yonder of sickness, the great veil of sin. He went through the great veil of worry. He went through the great veil of fear. He tore every one of them down and ascended so high and received the Name 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min above every name that's named in the heavens above, or in earth below, or in the world to come. God taken that lovely One Who stooped down so low, that even He didn't have a place to be borned or a place to die. God exalted Him on high, and give Him a crown of glory yonder, and a Name above every Name. There He sets today, the mighty Conqueror, since He rent every veil in two. The veil of sin was rent in two. The veil of sickness was rent in two. And every veil that kept man away from God was rent in two. "I am the Way, the Truth, and the Light."...?... He broke every power. He scattered every devil. He made a search light from glory...?...

L-50 And oh, the old prophet when he laid down there on the--on the bed of stone that night and his pillow of stone, he saw the Angels ascending and descending. Notice in the first place it was descending and ascending, but this time it was God and man, ascending and descending on the ladder of Jacob, as we would call it, when He broke every power, fought every domain, and sets at the right hand of the Majesty on high, far above everything... The channel of the Holy Ghost in this dark world is laying open for whosoever will may come and be baptized into this great channel of His blessings and receive the redemptive blessings that He died for. Men and women, how could you turn such a One down when He's setting there clothed in His Majesty? How He sets in His glory this morning. What do you do?

L-51 He came here to the world homeless to make a way for homeless men and women, for men and women who has no hope, for men and women who has no place to go, for a homeless wanderer who are pleasure crazy walking you down the streets today, and horse races, gambling's, and so forth trying to find a comfort. He made a place for them, every man, and it's just as free as the water runs. Whosoever will let him come. You can't walk outside of this veil. You've got to come in here to find out. You've got to get here where there's nothing between you and God, where the Angels of God can descend and ascend, back and forth, bringing the Messages of God back and forth to the individual. "There's nothing between my soul and the Saviour," the poet said. There He sets, the mighty Conqueror. He rent every veil in two. He rent the veil that you could be saved. He rent the veil, that if you've committed adultery, if you have cursed, if you've done anything wrong; He rent that veil for you. That stick that Satan holds over you, He rent it if you'll only receive Him.

L-52 If you're sick today and the doctor says you can't get well, He rent that veil in two, and everything is broken before God. He rent every veil. He tears down every domain, and He sets there today the mighty Conqueror since He rent the veil in two. Look just a minute, my friend. Not only was He then, there appeared to Cleopas on his road to Emmaus, him and his friend... But one day when a little martyr, the first martyr the Bible, the New Testament, was dying--little Stephen, because he stood there stern... Brother, Stephen had been brought into that channel where he knowed God. "He was filled with the Holy Ghost," the Bible said, and when they accused him. and the Sanhedrin Court stood there and accused him...

L-53 And he stood like a angel-face stern, knowed where he was. and he said, "You men of Israel," begin to speak to them, "which one of your fathers hasn't persecuted the prophets." Then he said, "You stiffnecked, uncircumcised of heart and the ears, you always resist the Holy Ghost: like your fathers did, so do you." And to revenge that blood of that righteous martyr who was standing there telling them what was right and wrong, and they to avenge that blood, they dragged him like a bunch of wolves dragging a lamb, and when they throwed him on the ground, and took great big clods of rocks, and begin to beat him on the head with it like that, little Stephen being full of the Holy Ghost, the Bible said he looked steadfast towards heaven, raised his hand, and said, "I see heavens opened, and I see Jesus standing at the right hand of God."

L-54 When a high priest... When any man has finished his works, he steps down. When I quit preaching, I set down, but not until I quit preaching. When you're a working, when you set down, you're work is finished. Jesus set down at the right hand of glory, but when He seen this first martyr dying for the cause of Christ, the resurrected Lord Jesus brushed back the skies, and He must've raised from His Throne to give a special welcome to little Stephen to bring him home. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min There He is, raised from the dead. His domain reaches from eternity to eternity. He is far above every Angel, every principality, everything there is in Heaven. Why, His--heavens His throne is far above the heavens of heavens, God raised Him up. Saint Paul, when he was still Saul of Tarsus, on his road with a letter in his pocket to persecute all those people who were shouting and making all that noise down on--on his way to Damascus... He was riding upon his horse that day with a threat in his own throat. "I'll lock every one of them holy-rollers up. I'll put a stop to all this Divine healing and this nonsense going on here." But on his road down thought, and riding on his steed, he fell from the horse to the ground; and over he went, and he raised up, and there was a big bright Light standing before him that even blinded his eyes, saying, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest Thou Me?" "Who are You, Lord?" He said, said, "I'm Jesus Who you persecute." He saw Him in His everlasting endless domain.

L-55 When the aged old seer, John, the beloved, standing out yonder on the Isle of Patmos for preaching the Word of God, for preaching Divine healing, for healing the sick, and for doing the things that Christ had told him to do... And they took him out on the Isle of Patmos, a little island out in the Aegean Sea, about fifteen miles in circumference around it, full of rocks like in Alcatraz now. Snakes and things laid on the island, and he was exiled out there because of preaching the Gospel. And when the aged beloved old seer in his ninetieth year was setting out there on a rock one beautiful resurrection morning, he saw Him. He saw Him. He said, "I heard the Voice of a trumpet, and when I turned to look behind me, I saw one like the Son of man." Look the way the... He didn't have any... His eyes, they were not full of tears." He says, "His eyes shined like the sun in the middle of the day." The middle of the Syrian sun could not outshine His eyes.

L-56 He looked as He gazed down, no more tears in His eyes; He's glorified this morning. His feet looked like pillars of brass; no more spikes will ever be drove into them. Never a bloody lock, but it was as white as the snow. He's glorified. He lives forever more. He's a mighty Conqueror. His dominion is from everlasting to everlasting; His delegates are those who love Him and are willing to die for Him. He's raised from the dead this morning and living among us. Do you believe this? Shall we pray. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... Pianist, if you will go to the piano. Down from His glory, the ever living story, My God and Saviour came, and Jesus was His Name. Borned in a manger, to His own a stranger, A man of sorrow, tears and agony. O how I love Him! How I adore Him! My life, my sunshine, my all in all! The great Creator became my Saviour, And all God's fullness dwelleth in Him. Our heavenly Father, when holy times shall fade and fall, when men's kingdoms and shall diminish and be no more, when all... If all the sea with ink and every stalk on earth a quill, And all the men a scribe by trade, To write the love of God above Would drain the ocean dry; Or could the scroll contain the whole, Though stretched from sky to sky.

L-57 Today we're a happy bunch of believers, Father. We are Your servants. We're so happy to know. Yet poor, yet here in a little humble church, You just come in here the same as You did with Cleopas and them on their road to Emmaus. The place cannot be too humble, too little for You to come, and yet You fill all space and time. And I wonder today, Heavenly Father, after them hearing You have raised from the dead, and knowing that in a few 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min moments a challenge will be made... I pray, heavenly Father, that if there be men and women in here today, boys or girls, who has never received You as personal Saviour, that this they will do now, saying, "Lord, I now forsake all my earthly pride. I turn aside everything and give to Thee myself. I have nothing to give but myself, but if You can use me, O God, here I am. And use me, and from this day henceforth may the Holy Spirit lead me, and guide me, and make me a Christian." O God, may that be the prayer of many people here today.

L-58 And while we have our heads bowed and our eyes closed, I wonder if there's someone inside or out, would raise your hand to Christ and say, "By this uplifted hand, I now believe the Lord Jesus Christ, and now I accept Him as my personal Saviour. And today, from this day henceforth, I'll serve Him with all my heart because He's risen from the dead and I believe." Would you raise your hand, anywhere on the inside? God bless you. God bless you, and you, sister, you, you, you. That's wonderful. God bless you. Making your decisions, the Holy Spirit's there. He's the One Who does the work of God. Someone way back in the hall, on the outside, raise your hand high. God bless you. See you way back. The Lord be with you, my brother. God bless you, my sister. Someone else? God bless you, my sister, way back in the hall. I see you out towards the outside. Some... God sees you; if even if I don't He sees you. Jesus, that lovely One, that Fairest of ten thousands, He that come down from heaven made sin, died, rose again, ascended up, and setting at the Majesty of God now glorified.

L-59 The Angels of God in their positions in the building today speaking to the hearts of the people... Will you this day, after twenty-five or thirty has raised their hands, will you be another one to raise your hand, say to God, "God, this day I want to be wholly Thine as I raise my hand to Thee in confession of my sins and my wrongs; I want to live for You Who died for me." God bless you, my brother. Would someone else? Think of it while you're praying. The blood of disciples who died for the Truth, This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood. The first one to die for this Holy Ghost plan, Was John the Baptist, he died like a man; Then came the Lord Jesus, they crucified Him, He preached that the Spirit would save men from sin. It's dripping with blood, it's dripping with blood. (Do you want to take the place now?) This Holy Ghost Gospel is dripping with blood, The blood of di...

L-60 Someone else raise your hand? I want to take my place this morning positionally. Not asking you to join church; we don't have any members here. I want you to come to Christ. ... is dripping with blood. Our heavenly Father, Thou did see the hands of the people. I pray this prayer of faith for them, that from this day henceforth, that they will live a new life; and may He Who is present now, Who's watched over them, fed them, done the things that He's done for them, and brought them to church this morning... Now, they've received Him, going back like Cleopas and them. They returned back just in a few moments after taking them a Sabbath day to journey over. They returned back light hearted, not to argue their religion but to know that He lives. May they return to their home today light hearted to know that He lives, for we ask it in His Name. Amen.

L-61 Now, after the message and you people have received Christ as your Saviour, the great resurrection morning... Now the time is at hand that I must either be a false witness or a true witness of Christ. If I have told the truth, as I believe this Bible to be the Truth, and no other book, and anything contrary to this is not the truth. I only believe that this Bible contains the Truth of God. And if this Bible said that He has risen from the dead, that He is the same yesterday, today, and forever, then He's got to be the same in resurrection, got to be the same in power. He's got to be the same in principle. He's got to be the same in every way except a cardinal body. This body, the corporal body of His is setting at the right hand of God Almighty in glory. Do you believe that? He's setting at the right hand of God Almighty in glory making intercession. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min

L-62 Did you ever think of it? That when the children of Israel was in Egypt, they know they were going home someday. Why? Because that they seen Joseph's body laying there, the bones of Joseph, and they knowed that was a sign that they were going to go home someday. And then when we go out of this earth, when we die and are going into another type of body... That's not the kind of body. We wasn't made for heaven. We were made for earth. We're earthen people, and do you remember the Bible, souls under the altar crying, "How long?" They--they were--they were crying to get back to a body again, shake one another's hands, and eat, and fellowship. That's what we were made. That's how--what we were made for.

L-63 And then they have a sign there that they're going back. What is it? The corporal body of the Lord Jesus Christ setting on the throne of God, and when we pass by that one... If we go today and He don't come for a hundred years, I'll meet you there. I'll say someday we're going back. See there? That body will rise from the throne again. He will come back to the earth; and when He does, every spirit that's borned again will come back to a corporal body, young man and woman, and live forever in the Presence of God. What a... What.. How could we reject such things? I'm thankful that you have accepted Christ.

L-64 Now, Jesus when He was here on earth, before He went away in Saint John's 14:7, He said, "A little while," or He said here, He said, "the things that I do, the works that I... He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he also. Even more than this shall he do, for I go to My Father." Now, what was the works that Jesus did? He never claimed to be a healer. He said, "It's not Me. It's My Father that dwelleth in Me. He doeth the works." Saint John 5:19, He said, "The Son can do nothing in Himself, but what He sees the Father doing." When Philip went and got Nathanael and brought him to Him, He said, "Behold, an Israelite in whom there's no guile." He said, "How did You know me, Rabbi?" He said, "Before Philip called you, when you were under the tree I knowed you."

L-65 A woman at the well that day, He talked to her till He found where her trouble was. He had trouble one day getting some coins to pay for some debts, or tribute money, and He told Peter, "Go down, and catch a fish, and look in its mouth, and you'll find a coin." Perhaps, Peter if he'd caught the fish otherwise, he'd never have opened the fish's mouth, but Jesus knew the coin was in its mouth. The Father had showed Him. Many other things... He stood in the audience of people. He turned and said, "Your faith has healed you. You had a certain thing." Now, if that Jesus has raised from the dead, and this a beautiful resurrection morning, if He will appear here at the platform, then you... Can you appreciate what I'm saying? If Jesus the Son of God out of all these two thousand years of churchanity and everything else, all the scruples, and one church saying, "This is it, and this is it, and that's it."...

L-66 Let's look it right in the face. If He's Jesus, He's alive. If He isn't, He's not; and if He is alive, He's the same. And if He isn't the same, then It's not the same Jesus. But if It's the same Jesus, His promise is, "I'll be with you, even in you to the end of the world; and the things that I do shall you also to the end of the world." Now, how is He here this morning? In the form of the Holy Spirit. No one has come down but He... No one has went up but He that come down. "A little while and the world sees Me no more," He said, "Yet you'll see Me, for I'll be with you. I'll be in you to the end of the world." And He's here this morning.

L-67 Now, how many people inside or out wants to be prayed for, raise your hand? Well, it's a-- is couple hundred or more. Now, we can't bring all them people up here at once. We have to bring them one by one. It's the only way we can do it, and I believe that Brother... Or Billy Paul, I believe, has given prayer cards out. How many, Billy? Hundred? All right. Now, we have to have cards, so the people can be numbered to come up and take their turn. If you don't, it causes a turmoil. I don't know, but what... A man called me last night by long distance, which was thirty or forty called yesterday afternoon alone. But look. Want to ask you something. The main thing that you want to know... Now, there's nothing in me that can heal anybody. There's nothing in no other man. There's nothing in a doctor can heal you. He will tell you the same thing. He don't heal you. No, no. You broke your arm, say, "Doc, heal my arm right 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min quick. I want to finish cranking my car." How silly. See? Why, say, "Here, I broke my leg, doc. I've got to--I've got to take a long hike this afternoon. Heal it for me right quick." Well, he'd say you was crazy. He can set your leg, but it takes God to heal you. See? That's right. See? He does it in His own way. See? So he's not a healer. He can't heal.

L-68 What if you would cut your hand, say, "Hey, doc, I want you to--I want to sew this up right quick for me and heal it right quick, 'cause I don't want that scar on my hand." See? All right. It's sore. "I got to work this afternoon." He couldn't do it. Certainly not. He might--he might clean it with some medicine. He might clean the germs out of it, but God is alone can make life and build tissue. You see? He's the only One can do it. We know that. You don't have to be a scholar to know that. You just have to look at God's Word. And Satan has no power to heal. I give anybody anything they wish that I could do if you'll show me one Scripture says Satan can heal. It's not... "I'm the Lord Who heals all thy diseases," said, Jesus. Now, now, they... Satan can't heal. It takes God. And it's upon the basis of your faith that God heals.

L-69 Now, I want to ask you something. A man called me, as I said yesterday, and he said, "Brother Branham, I want to come to the Chicago meeting over at the..." begins day after tomorrow. He said, "I--I want to come to... I want to make contact." I said, "What contact do you mean, sir?" Said, "I want my brother healed." Said, "He's got a bad leg." And said, "We live in the country," and said, "we've been two or three meetings, and we never could contact you." I said, "Now, what do you mean by contact, brother?" He said, "Well, I mean this, that I--I--I want you to do something for my brother." I said, "Well now, sir, you're trying to contact the wrong person. See?" I said, "Contact with me would be to see the manager and see what," but I said, "that isn't healing your brother." He... I said, "Do you mean a contact for his healing?" He said, "Yes." I said, "Now, here's how you do that. You go to the meeting. You set down out in the audience, and then I'm just His servant. I just yield myself to It, to the Holy Spirit. Then you make contact with the Holy Spirit, and He speaks to me and tells me what to tell you. See? That's your contact, not me, Him. And as long as you're trying to contact me, you're just off all the time (See?); but as long as you try to contact Him, you contact Him, and He just uses me for a mouthpiece to tell you. See? That's it."

L-70 Brother Head, I see you setting back there by my friend, Mr. Lee. Mr. Head was a dying man with cancer. He belonged to the Roman Catholic church in Louisville, dying with a cancer in the rectum, I believe it was, or something; and he came to me over here one day when I lived across the street and asked if there was mercy for him to be healed. Prayed a prayer of faith there, and the Lord showed a vision. And Mr. Head, I guess that's been at least ten years ago, hasn't it? About nine years ago, and here he is a living today. Healing is real, isn't it, Mr. Head? He don't care who He heal. He will heal Methodists, Baptists, Catholic, whatever you are, don't make any difference; He heals. See? Now, you just believe. I just happened to see. Wonder if Margie Morgan's in the building this morning? If she would, raise your hand? Margie, did you get in? Are you here, sis? Well, way back in the back. Yep. Another woman, a nurse out here at the hospital on the dead list in Louisville with cancer. And She's healed right there, just nothing but a bunch of bones laying there. There she is. Poor girl can't even get a place to set down, and she's way back standing in the hall back there this morning.

L-71 How--how I remember how that the doctor said, "Oh, my. There's nothing can help her." How her dear husband, a bosom friend of mine, come right out here, and I was ragged, coming tearing through them thickets on patrol. Said, "Can anything help my wife?" I said, "It's not for me to think, sir. What about you?" He said, "I believe." 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min I said, "Bring her over," and right here where she was prayed for that night, the Lord came down and told her what was going to happen, and that's been years ago. Here she is today a strong, healthy woman. And go to the cancer research in Louisville and find out if she wasn't--if she didn't die about ten or twelve years ago. See if she... There's a dead woman raised then back there. See? Certainly. Oh, Jesus lives. Jesus reigns. Jesus is all. Now, would you start from 1 to 100? From 1 to 100? All right. Now, who has prayer card number 1, would you stand right up here on the side? We kind of left... You--you got prayer cards. We'll have to line you all up, but we--we'll--we'll line up over here on this side.

L-72 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... woman, I don't know. I've never seen her. She's somebody's mother perhaps. I don't know her. Now, this is just the same as it was when Jesus set by that well that day and sent the disciples away. Now, Jesus talked to her, and when He spoke to her, He said, "Bring Me a drink." And she said, "The well's deep and You have nothing to draw with, and we don't have any customs with one another, Jews and Samaritans. He said, "But if you know Who was talking to, you'd ask Me for a drink." And so the conversation went on, and she talked about worship and so forth. Then after He talked to her awhile, He found where her trouble was. Is that right? How many knows that? He found what was wrong with that woman, and her--her wrong was immoral living. Is that right? He said, "Go, get your husband." Says, "I don't have any." He said, "That's right. You got five."

L-73 Now, watch what He--she said. Now, listen to what she said. She said, "Sir (closely), Sir, I perceive that Thou art a prophet." She said... Now, listen. "But we know that when the Messiah cometh..." Who was the Messiah? The Son of God. She said, "We know when the Messiah cometh, He will tell us these things, but Who are You?" Jesus said, "I am He that speaks to you." And then she run in the city and said, "Come, see a Man who told me what I did. Isn't this the very Christ?" See? When Christ comes, He will do these things. Now, listen, for this last quotation. If that what that woman said, "We know that when the Messiah cometh, He will do these things," now, if that was the sign of the Messiah then, and He--He was the Messiah, and He's raised from the dead, isn't it the same thing today if He is the same?

L-74 Now, here's a woman. I don't know her. God knows that. Now, I don't know one thing. I've never seen the woman in my life as far as I know. She's a stranger, but God knows her. Now, the woman's here for something. I don't know. She might have a loved one she's standing for. She might have financial trouble. She might have a sickness. She might be a sinner and come here to be saved. I don't know. But if Jesus Christ the resurrected Son of God will come down here, and tell this woman something that she knows that I know nothing about, will you, audience, believe that that same Jesus that raised on that day is here, and He--He--He is breaking the bread to you like He did to them at Emmaus?

L-75 Now, now, sister, I want to look at you just a minute. I want you to talk to me. Now, may the Lord do it. Now, I wish you would be real reverent now during the time of this especially, in this--this--line. Now, I don't say... This is my home town. It's been two times since I've been in the ministry that it's worked here at the Tabernacle. Why? Jesus said that a prophet in his own country, among his own people is not without... That's the only place he's without honor. Is that right? When He went to His own country, they said, "Who is this guy anyhow? What school did He come out of?" See? And Jesus could not do many mighty works because of their unbelief.

L-76 Said, "Isn't that the carpenter's son? Isn't His mother here with us? Isn't Joseph the carpenter? Isn't His brothers and sisters here with us? Well--well, where'd He get this? What church does He belong to?" He didn't belong to any of them. Said, "Well, when did He get this wisdom?" And Jesus made that statement, and it'll be the same thing today, and He said, "A prophet from then, will be without honor except among his own." Not you people here, but it's the environment of Jeffersonville where I was raised up. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min Every one knows all my good and bad points and everything, and most of them's bad. I'm sorry. But Jesus knows--don't know it. God doesn't. Jesus taken it all away, so God don't know nothing about it. He put them in the Sea of Forgetfulness when I confessed them twenty-three years ago, and He don't know no more about it now, does He? So it's--it's--it's God's blessings.

L-77 Now, I want to talk to our sister. Now, lady, this audience is a great thing. Here's two or three hundred people, or whatever it is here this morning. And you and I, being strange to each other, not knowing one another, never seen one another as far as I know, but... You--you have seen me? Yeah. Where was you at in meeting though? Down in Kentucky. Well, I mean I don't know who you are. No, that's right. No. Now, can you hear the lady all of you? I know nothing about her affairs. She was in one of my meetings in Kentucky. There we are then perfect strangers to one another. Now, if the Lord Jesus... If I can get myself yielded to the Holy Spirit, and He can tell me something about this woman, or what she's here for, whatever it is, like the woman at the well or so forth, all of you has promised that you'd believe.

L-78 Now, lady, you in the wheelchair, do you believe that? Will you, Sister Edith? Will you, ever who the little lady, is can't get up over here, will you believe, sister, with all your heart? See? Now, will all of you in here that's got sicknesses of all kinds, will you believe? Now, then if you do that then you touch Him. See? You could touch me all day; it wouldn't make a bit of difference. See? You come, touch me and I wouldn't know it, but you just touch Him once, and watch Him turn around, and tell you about it. See? Just touch Him one time with faith. It's not... I'm not the one that's raising the dead. He's the One raised from the dead (See?), and I'm just His servant.

L-79 Now, be real reverent. Look this a way. And in a few minutes ought to prove it beyond any shadow of a doubt. Now, sister, us being strange, I say to each other, speaking... You're seeing I'm having a battle getting myself yielded to the Spirit. That's exactly right, 'cause it's home. It's here in the Tabernacle. It just doesn't work the way it should work and... But God knows all things. He can do all things. If God will reveal to me what you're here for, will you accept your...? Whatever it is, if you're here for sickness, you accept your healing? If you're here for finances, whatever it is, it'll be a supernatural act, won't it? Now, now, in the Name of Jesus Christ, the Son of God, I take every spirit in here under my control. The woman is moving from me. Yes, she's not from here. She comes from somewhere else, a humble home. And she--she's suffering, and she's shadowed. She's shadowed by death, and it's a cancer. That's right. But only God alone can make you well, and you know that. It's on the bosom or on the breast: cancer on the breast. I see him examine. That's right, lady.

L-80 When you, on your road here was praying that you would be able to come up here where I was. Before you left you prayed to that extent, that you'd be able to come to this platform. That is right. I'm not reading your mind. That is true. And when you turned then, the sun shined into that window on you; you know that... When God was speaking to you, let you kind of have a faith that you knowed you'd get this prayer card. And here you are here on the platform this morning. That is right. I'm not reading your mind, but that's true. Now, if that's true, raise up your hand. Now, do you believe? Do you believe in the audience? [The audience says, "Amen."--Ed.] Now, have faith, sister.

L-81 Come here, sister. Now, look. There's Something here that you're in the Presence of now, that you know it's not a man. It's not your brother. There's Something here that knows you. Isn't that right? Knows all about you... Now, it's your attitude towards That. Do you believe that was Jesus Christ Who permitted me to do that? You--you do. You believe then that God will heal you? Bow your head. Our kind heavenly Father, Thou art the God of Abraham, Isaac, and of Jacob, and this poor woman here under this dark shadow of death, knowing that she must go soon if You don't touch her; here she is this morning walking around here in this building with the resurrected Lord Jesus abroad in the world, walking around among the flowers, the people today, alive forever more and speaking through His servants, trying through the Word, then through prophecy to reveal the secret of the woman's heart, that she might know that He loves her. And, Father, as His servant I put my hands upon her, and condemn this evil, that it leaves her, in the Name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

L-82 Now, go, believing, and if you can believe with all your heart... It's gone from you now. See? Now, if you can 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min believe... 'Cause it's all light around you (See?), where it was dark. Now, if you can believe with all your heart, it'll never come to you again. Go, give Him praise, and you'll set like them people back there who had cancer and is alive now. You'll be alive with them. Amen. Do you believe? Every one just be faithful, believing. Don't doubt, but have faith. God knows all things, can do all things. Now, our sister here, of course to me is a stranger. Is that right, lady? We're stranger. You've been to our Tabernacle twice, while I was preaching here. 'Course I wouldn't know you, you know. I don't know... You just strange to me. Now, do you believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God is here to help you? Do you believe the message that I preached of Him out of the Bible? And you believe, that if He was here now, and He had on this suit that He gave me, that He'd say...

L-83 Have faith in God. Now, be real reverent. Stand quiet. Be reverent. If--if He had on this suit that He gave me, and You'd come and say that you were sick... I don't know that you are. But say if you were sick, and you'd say--you'd say, "Lord Jesus, will You heal me?" You know what He'd say to you? He would say, "Child of Mine, I've did that when I've died for you and rose for your justification." Do you believe that? He can't do it no more. He's already done it once. You see? Now, He saved you when He died. Now, He rose and then you--for your justification, same thing for your sickness. Now, but He might be able to tell you something about yourself like He did the woman. That's the only thing left that He can do. See? He never left us without a witness. He put the Witness here, the Holy Spirit to continue witness for Him. Is that right?

L-84 Now, you are--you're not from here. You're from another place. That's right. Hilly country... That's right. Lot of hardwood and things, perhaps Kentucky. Right? And you come here for a purpose, and I see you in your home. You're very nervous, upset. Yes. Get nervous, can't hold yourself together. That's a horrible thing. I see you walking back and forth, doing something, look like going out from the kitchen to the other room all the time, going back and forth. You get real nervous. That especially in the afternoon when you get real weak. That is right. You know Something here that knows you, don't you? It's infallible. That's right. That's true, isn't it? See? Now, what standing here will let me know what you're doing in your home? There's Somebody here is more than a man. That's Jesus. That's right. And I see you've got something inwardly. It's growth inside of you. That's right. And you've got one that's external. That's right. And it's under your arm. It's a knot, and it's under your right arm. That is right. Isn't that right?

L-85 You believe? You believe He raised from the dead? Come here. Dear God, upon this our beloved sister, we condemn the diseases of her body; and let her go home to be a well person. This we do in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, go rejoicing. Be happy. Believe with all your heart, and God will do for you the exceedingly. Little lady looking at me, little pink coat on, wearing glasses, dark hair, she has a wonderful contact with the Spirit at this time. She's suffering from a sinus trouble that's bothering her. That's right, lady, you with the pink coat on there. That's right. Have faith. Believe. See what I mean? You don't need to be here. You need to be there. Have faith.

L-86 How do you do, lady. Do you believe with all your heart, with all your soul, and all your mind? You're extremely nervous too. Yes, ma'am. You got a trouble that actually be with a lady at--at your age which makes you nervous. But you also have a growth, seemingly, and that growth is in the stomach. Then you have a little trouble with your side. It's your liver. And you have on the other side a kidney trouble. That's exact. The doctor said so, so that's--that's right. That's what he told you, wasn't it? Now, do you believe you're going to be well? Something struck you, didn't it? That was His healing power, if you'll believe Him. Amen. Our heavenly Father, in the Name of Thy Beloved Son, the Lord Jesus, I pray You heal the woman, make her well. Amen. God bless you, lady. Don't doubt. Have faith and believe.

L-87 Everyone should believe Him. That's right, Sister Wood. I ain't going to say, 'cause you know I know. See? Have faith, but you have no more tumor. That's right. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min Sister, weeping there, praying about your eyes, wasn't you? Setting right here with the brown suit on... Yeah. You're believing now, aren't you? You was praying to God. "O God, let me be in too." Is that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. May I say to you this? You believe that God can reveal to me the secret of your heart? You believe it? You're wanting something from God too besides your eyes' healing. You want the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that's right. If that's right, raise up your hand. All right. You can receive It now. May the Lord Jesus, give you the baptism of the Holy Ghost. No, I'm not reading her mind. No, no. No, no, no. That's not what... Don't say that. Huh-uh. That's the Holy Ghost. She wasn't... She's just kind of getting herself in the Spirit of God. You have faith and believe.

L-88 How do you do, lady. We're stranger to each other. God doesn't--doesn't keep secrets. He can reveal secrets. And we being strangers one to another, don't know each other, never seen one another, I guess, in life, but God knows us both. He's fed us both. And here you are standing here a woman, me a man. And here... You're a Christian believer and you--and you... 'Cause your spirit feels welcome. You actually believe. And, 'course, you're wearing glasses. I see that. Anyone would know there's something wrong with your eyes or you wouldn't have glasses on. Maybe He will show me something else that's wrong. I don't know that He will. I have to ask Him, but if He will, will you accept it? Will the audience accept Him? Yes, ma'am. You also have a growth, and you're up for an operation. I see the doctor says you must be operated on. He was looking at your tongue. The growth's on your tongue. That's right. That's right, in your body. That is true. Now, do you believe He's here? You believe that He can take the life out of that, and it'll go away? Come here. O God, Author of Life, Giver of Eternal Life, give Thy blessings to this woman, who I bless in Thy Name, for I ask it in Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you, lady. Go, believing now, having faith.

L-89 I see a vision here before me. It's a lady, and she's got a girl with her. The woman's got a diabetes, and the little girl has hurt her arm. She fell off of a bed or something and hurt her arm. That person's present. Amen. There you are. Raise up your arm, honey. There it is. It's all over now. Your faith touched Him. Amen. How could I be reading your mind looking this a way and them's in the back? You're all right now. It don't hurt now, does it, honey? It's all gone now, going be well. Let's say, "Praise the Lord." [Congregation says, "Praise the Lord."--Ed.] If thou canst believe, if thou can believe, all things are possible. Now, the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, Who raised up the dead, He does whatever He wishes to. He's the Almighty One. Now, I can't get to the people on the platform. They're in the audience. Now, your faith is moving right.

L-90 Sister Wood, I thought it was to you, but it's that man setting by you there. You believe with all your heart? Comes from Michigan to be healed, from Sturgis, Michigan, and that's right. I never seen you in my life, but that's right. All right. Go home and be well now. Your faith make you well. O how wonderful. Why can't you believe Him? You of the Tabernacle, you've watched these things for years come and go. Won't you have faith? That's your husband praying for you, lady. That's right. He's trying to contact God. You are too. You got a prayer card to come in this line here. If you'd believe what I tell you... You're praying, wasn't you, sir? If you believe, you won't have to. Your nerves has give away on you, can't sleep at night, in a terrible shape. You're not from here either. You've come from the north coming south. You come from a big city where there's a river runs through the city. That's right.

L-91 Oh, you've been a long time this way, haven't you, lady? And you've been healed once too, a cancer or something (That's right.), some kind of a condition that was with you, and God made you well. Now you have... You called preachers and things to pray for you, and things like that, to make yourself rest at night. You come from Ft. Wayne. That's right. You believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ make you well? You believe that His power will now heal you? You've got to take a hold quickly, sister. If you will with all your heart, Jesus Christ will make you well. Brother Wood, lay your hand over on that lady setting there. O God, raised up Jesus from the dead, the devil has bound this poor woman, troubles on top of troubles, the poor husband. O Father, I pray that in Jesus' Name if their faith could 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min contact You, God, I pray that You'll dismiss that condition from her body just now, and may from this very hour, may she be healed and made well.

L-92 O God, in Jesus Christ's Name I rebuke that devil and give the woman faith to believe in the Son of God, and to leave this tabernacle this morning with both hands in the air, rejoicing and praising God through Jesus Christ the Son of God. Amen. God bless you, sis. It's all over. Call right, right and wrong, wrong. That's right. Amen. Have faith in God. "If thou canst believe..." said Jesus. There's a dark spirit that hangs in the corner to my left. The person setting back there is suffering with epilepsy, over in a corner. Raise up, sir, got black hair. Do you believe Jesus Christ make you well? All right. Then go. May Christ make you well. Your faith will do it if you'll believe. Have faith in God. There, watch. If you'll believe. Have faith in God. Can you believe? Any of the rest of you, look this way and believe. If you can believe with all your heart, you can receive what you ask for.

L-93 Here sets a man, setting right here on the outside row, way back towards the back. He's suffering with headaches. He--he isn't from this country. He come from Montana. He's a light-headed man. He's wearing glasses, got his hand up now. That's right, sir, migraine headaches. That's a beautiful country you come from. I've hunted in that country. May you return home, and the headache's in the Sea of Forgetfulness; migraine headaches leave you, my brother. Go and be made well through Jesus' Name. What's the matter with you Jeffersonville people? Can't you have faith? I'm your brother. Have faith in God. Believe. Do you believe, lady? I'm a stranger to you. You believe, sir? You're not from here either. You're from Ohio. She's from Ohio too. That's right. You're from Hamilton. That's right. Mr. Allen, you can go home and be well. You have your hearing. Amen.

L-94 You say, why do I know his name? Didn't the Lord Jesus tell Peter his name was, his was named of Cephas, and he should be called Peter, a little stone. Certainly, He knows your name. He knows where you're from, all about you. Hallelujah. That bronchitis go away from you, the Lord Jesus make you well and bless you, heal. Do you believe He's here now to make you everyone well? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Someone's praying for a child. It's a little girl's got a rupture on the navel. That's right, sister. Amen. What more do you want? Jesus, the Son of God, is here. He's raised from the dead.

L-95 You, sir, standing back there got prostate trouble, real nervous. You believe that God will make you well, heal you? All right, sir. Your faith healed you. You can go home now and be well. You don't have a prayer card, do you? No prayer card. All right. You don't have to have. You don't need any prayer card. You need faith. Do you believe Him? He's raised from the dead. He's here. This is Easter, the resurrection. How many wants to be healed? Will you do what I tell you? If God lets me know the things that's in your life, and the things you have done, who you are, where you come from, all about you, if that isn't the resurrection of Jesus Christ, what is? Certainly it is.

L-96 Diabetes, arthritis, you believe Jesus Christ make you well? If thou canst believe, you can receive. Have faith in God. Now, the Holy Spirit tells me, the Angel of God Who's appeared here at this platform, the One Who made His first appearance on the river down here among you people, the One Who's telling you, He's here now; and He's proved that He's arisen from the dead. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. Your healing is in God's hand. He's already did it. And how many of you believe that Jesus is now going to make you well, that your faith is sufficient now to say, "I believe Lord. Brother Branham, if you'll pray for me, I'll be healed right now, if you'll pray for me"? Will you do it? Raise your hand. Then I'll show you the glory of God. Amen.

L-97 Believe me, people. I'm your brother. I've been raised up here among you. Not one time has It failed and It never will fail. I'm telling you now: The Holy Ghost is moving through his building like a misting fire, moving around over the audience. It's here to heal you. It's here to give you faith if you will accept it. Now, put your hands over on each other. 56-0401M, The Mighty Conqueror, Branham Tabernacle, Jeffersonville, IN, 100 min O God, our kind heavenly Father, I pray that in Jesus Christ's Name that Your Spirit will move over this audience just now and heal every person in Divine Presence. May the Holy Ghost take away all this blackness of Jeffersonville that hangs over this audience, and may He sweep His Glory across this building and heal every person here in Jesus Christ's Name.

L-98 Now, with your heads bowed, with your heads bowed, say this to God, "God," say it out loud, "God, [The audience repeats after Brother Branham as he prays--Ed.] I now believe. Nothing more You can do, Lord. You've proved by Your Word. You've proved by Your signs. You proved by Your Bible. You have proved by Your servant, You are here, and now I believe. Now I accept my healing. I believe right now that I have faith, and God has made me well. And from this hour I'm going from this tabernacle, rejoicing, praising You for my healing, in Jesus' Name." Now, with your heads bowed, your eyes closed, now think this, "O God, now You're coming into me. I feeled Your Presence. I know You're moving into my soul right now. You're here, Lord Jesus. I'm like Cleopas. I've walked with You a long time. I didn't realize it was this a way, Lord; but here You've done something right here in the building and proved to me that You're the same Jesus. You've raised from the dead, and I believe You. I believe You, Lord, that You're right here now with me, and I'm being healed right now. I feel stronger. I'm getting better. I'm getting better. My strength's coming to me. The cancer, the diseases are leaving me, and I'm coming to Christ right now." With your heads bowed, people rejoicing, keep praying while pastor keeps leading in prayer. Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Easter Sunrise
