Date: 1956-10-02
Title: Elisha The Prophet
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Lane Tech High School
Location: Chicago, IL
Duration: 111 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 56-1002E

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 ...?... Shall we pray. Our heavenly Father, we thank Thee tonight for the opportunity to talk to Thy children, the purchase of Thy Blood, once more this side of the coming of Jesus, the end of all things on this earth. So we thank Thee tonight that they have come out, and I am so happy to know that Thou has promised to meet with us wherever two or three were gathered together. And now, O Lord, move afresh with the Holy Spirit upon us. Bathe our souls in His power and in His beauty, and let nothing be seen except Christ. And may I be able to speak words that would cause the sick and the afflicted tonight... As this night is set aside for them, may they see that Jesus is willing and waiting their coming. And may many be healed and even many saved, for we ask it in Christ's Name. Amen.

L-2 Now, we are happy to be back in the service of the Lord tonight and since... Kinda held the crowd a little late this afternoon and in the speaking at the Philadelphian Church, but we really had a wonderful time at the Philadelphian Church this afternoon.

L-3 The lady that's going to hear me say this might smile just a little, but she was raised a Methodist. And there was a message the two gave in unknown tongues and interpreted. I've seen that just ridiculed. I've seen that just not put in order at all, but this afternoon the way it come, not a whole big conglomeration of it, just as the Bible said, three... And two of it went to the--the people, the laity; and the other was directly straight to the ministry. And the lady come out; she said, "Hey, wasn't that marvelous?" And so I say, "Amen, it was." It was marvelous to see the Lord come right back down, moving in the same type of Spirit and done just exactly. That's living... That's setting together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. I believe that with--with all my heart.

L-4 And now, tonight we have set this time aside for a prayer line to pray for the sick. And tonight, God willing, I want to pray for the sick just like Brother Roberts does, and Brother Tommy Hicks, and Brother Valdez, and--and Jack Coe, Brother Osborn and them, just take them and pray for them.

L-5 So I had a pretty good South supper, an overgrown hamburger, a great big one and--and all the trimmings that went with it. So I--I come in to usually under the--the--the discerning of praying, I come constantly in prayer so that there won't be... just have to watch every moment... But tonight, just to be free to speak awhile and then bring the people through and talk with them and pray with them, and see... I believe the Lord's going to do a great thing here tonight; I just believe it. And I kinda got a little fleece before the Lord. If that seems to work just right, well, then maybe the Lord would permit me then to go ahead and pray for the people like that every night, whole groups of them. So as Brother Joseph said a few moments ago, he--he's a fine little Swede. He sure is. I love him, but, oh, my, he--he says such nice things. And I don't want him to say it, but he says it anyhow about not wanting popularity, never wanted pop... I want to be honest, not popular, honest. And I don't say nothing to be popular. I don't mean to be that way. That isn't... The only one place I want to be popular is when Jesus comes. I--I want to be real popular then, Him say, "Well, it was well done, My good and faithful servant. All these is come now, all of you come together." Oh, my. I just want to walk right close to Him as I can, don't you? So that's when I want to be popular.

L-6 When the late Mr. Roosevelt come to the little city (my city's too small for him), but when he come to New Albany, just below me... I think we got about twenty-one thousand; they got about twenty-seven thousand. But he stopped there in one of his elections and electioneering, and, oh, my, everybody just filled the whole country around there to see Mr. Roosevelt. Well, I was like Zacchaeus, I was too little. So I... to look over the crowd, so I got way up on top of the hill. And the train stopped near the river. And he stood on the back po--or the back part of the train to make a little speech. And so I backed my truck up to a shed and climbed up on top of the shed to look. I thought, "Well, you know, nobody knows I'm here now; probably Mr. Roosevelt doesn't either." Doesn't make much difference. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min But I want to live so that when Jesus comes, that He will say to me like He did to Zacchaeus, "Now, come down off of that shed." I'm sure we all feel that way, don't we?

L-7 Not long ago, a brother that used to be with me and managed my campaigns, Brother Baxter, he's preached right here in Chicago to you many times. He was speaking at when the late King George and the Queen came by Vancouver... That was before he was healed. And he had ulcers in his stomach and he had a multiple sclero--sclerosis and he just could hardly set up. But yet with his royal blood, he set like nothing was wrong with him as he passed down through the streets. And Mr. Baxter said he just stood there and wept, because there passed by his king and queen. I thought, "Oh, if that would make a Canadian feel that way about an earthly king and queen, what will it be when Jesus comes?" My. When I see Him, when we crown Him King of kings and Lord of lords, and I hear all the "Hosannas"; when all the redeemed of all ages stand on this earth, a singing praises and songs of redemption... And around the earth there will be a circle of angels with their heads bowed, don't even know what we're talking about. They've never been redeemed. They don't need to be redeemed; they never fallen. But we, who have been the fallen race of Adam, we needed redemption. So that's the way we can sing what it means to be a redeemed. He has redeemed us back to God by His Blood.

L-8 Now, I'm looking forward for that day, putting every effort I can and know how to the good of the Kingdom of God. Misunderstood? Certainly. That's right. But I expect that. If I wasn't misunderstood, why, I guess I'd have to check up and see what was wrong.

L-9 Now, tomorrow night, the Lord willing, if God is willing, I wish to preach on a--a salvation message, and we'll expect... Bring your sinner friends in tomorrow night for an altar call, and then we'll just see how many that'll serve--get to serve the Lord tomorrow night. 'Course, tonight too, or any time you want to serve the Lord, that--we're ready to show you the way, the best that we know how, to introduce you to the Lord Jesus. And then, 'course, tomorrow night we'll have prayer for the sick just the same. And then the next night is my last night, but the meeting continues on with great servants of the Lord to be here, great men, great forceful speakers. And I'm sure you'll enjoy them very, very much.

L-10 Now, tonight just by way of text and to get out just a little early, if the Lord willing, and to give a little extra time for the prayer line. I wish to read a text out of the Old Testament in the Book of II Kings the 4th chapter and the 21st verse. And she went up, and laid him on the bed of the man of God, and shut the door upon him, and went out. And, now, may the Lord add His blessings to His Word.

L-11 Just one more word to Him before we speak, shall we pray. Heavenly Father, now, this is Thy Word. And we're so happy tonight that--to know that we have the freedom of speech yet in this our beloved country. And, oh, how it grieves our hearts to see it just gradually, like termites under a house eating it up... And, oh, how we love to speak of Thee, and to speak to the people of Thee, and to see them that loves You, their faces light up and tears of joy run down their cheeks, knowing this, that someday we will receive a Kingdom when Jesus comes and sets upon the throne of His father, David. And there'll be a thousand years that peace shall reign in every heart. Oh, even nature's groaning, waiting for that glorious time, that day. And we're looking for the coming of the King. And as we're here tonight 'lectioneering for Him, O God, I pray that in some way, in Thy Own way, that You'll speak tonight to every heart, and let those hands that hung down be lifted up. And I pray that You'll bless the feeble, the ones that's sick and weary. May they be strengthened tonight, going out across this school yard with their hands up in the air after the meeting, rejoicing and singing praises to God, those in wheelchairs be walking, and shouting, and leaping, and jumping for the glory of God. Father, grant it, for we ask it in Jesus' Name and for the Gospel's sake and the fulfilling of the Word. Amen.

L-12 Our subject tonight is about an Old Testament prophet. We... How many was at the Philadelphian Church this afternoon? Let's see your hands. That's fine. And now, we were speaking on an Old Testament prophet this afternoon, 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min Micah. And the Bible, or the Hebrew letter tells us that, Hebrews 12, that all of these things of the Old Testament were shadows and types and were signs, mileposts, that we could look at, and they're examples. We see when men failed to serve God, what happened. We see men who stood out like real soldiers and served God; we see what happened. So we can take from there a choice. And I trust tonight, if there be any here that's out of the way, that you'll make Christ your choice tonight before the services is over. And may God in some way give us words to say or something, that would cause your attention to be turned from the things of the world to the Lord Jesus Christ. To know Him is Life; not to know the church, or not to know the catechism isn't Life. Not to know the Bible, though as good as It is, not to know the Bible is Life. Satan knows the Bible real well. But to know Him is Life. To know Christ as personal Saviour, it's Life to everyone.

L-13 Now, the prophet we're speaking of tonight is Elisha, and he is the successor of Elijah. Elijah was a great man. He was... Spoke of him the other night here, as the judgment or the justice of God. Elijah was a great and powerful prophet.

L-14 And every evening when I'm home, after we--everything's cleaned out, I take my little girls and give them a Bible study: put them in the car (so nobody interrupts us) and ride around, wife and baby. And I give them questions like, "Who was Elijah? What was he?" And right quick them little old six-year-old and eight-year-old girls say, "Tishbite." See, right quick. And I'd say, "How do you know that he was a... How could you tell if you'd a meet him today, what kind of a man was he?" "Oh, he was a hairy man and had leather around his loins." Little Rebekah and Sarah want to holler out. See? Just keep drilling that into their minds, drilling it, constantly. That's what you do to your children, mother. Quit running around over the city and gadding about; give your children Bible lectures and things. That's--that's the thing to do.

L-15 All these here societies and posts, although it's in the church... The church is societied up, there's no time to raise the children. And I believe you've heard my expression of women preachers. Now, I might have to crawl back on that. But--but let me tell you. Every mother is a preacher. Sure. And God gives her a little congregation at home to preach to. So now, just keep it going. That's good. You get it first. So then, go right with your children.

L-16 And here some time ago, I was reading an article where there was a home, and five boys was borned in this home. And as soon as their oldest one got old enough to go to the Navy, off to the Navy he went. The second one followed, the next one, until all the whole five went away to the Navy. And there was no Marines or Navy men in their family. The mother and father couldn't understand just why these people, these boys, every one wanted to go to the Navy. There was a--a real fine combing investigation made of this. And come to find out, in the bedroom where these boys all was brought up, in this bedroom there's a beautiful big picture hanging there of a big ship sailing on a quiet, calm sea. And it so impressed the boys as they went to bed at night, looking at this picture. It was on their mind to sail that quiet soothing sea. And along the morning when they arose, the first thing they could look at was that ship making her way through the quiet, calm sea. And it impressed the boys so, that each one become a sailor. Now, if a picture of a ship will impress boys to become Navy men, sailors of the sea, what ought the picture of the Lord Jesus Christ do? See? Always have the right thing before your children. "Bring up a child in the way that it should go." See? Bring it up and teach it right. It'll certainly, won't depart from it.

L-17 Now, Elijah was a--Elijah was a stern man and very bold, and he was set in here for an example. God placed him here to show His Divine judgment through this man. And Elijah, his successor, was a young fellow and not too old, probably in his forties or something, when God called him. And he received a double portion of the Spirit of God that was upon Elijah, come upon Elisha. Oh, what a type there that is of the Church. See, as Elijah the prophet was taken up and Elijah asked... Elisha asked Elijah, or vice versa it was, Elijah asked Elisha, "What will you that I do for you?" And watch. He asked a great thing: "That a double portion of your Spirit come upon me." Now, the Bible wants us to ask for big things, not to be satisfied, "Lord, yeah, I belong to church now. That's enough." No, that's not enough for me. I want to do something else. I want great things. "Well, Lord, by His grace, I claim a million souls for Christ in my own individual ministry, a million souls or better." I'm not satisfied with that. I want two or three million souls for Christ. Just got to keep going as long as I got breath and energy to move, I just want to keep 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min on going. Because this is the only time I'm going to be able to do that. Right now (See?), right now. And this may be your last time that you'll have the opportunity to do it.

L-18 I think of sometimes how mothers will refuse to raise children, bring up children. And young women practice birth control, buy a little dog and lead them around. And you only realize, lady, that just about twenty years of your life that you have, that God's 'lotted to you, that you're going to be able to do this great duty for God? Do you know your child might be a modern Finney or--or something like that? Do you realize just twenty--about twenty years of your life is the--as long as you--you'll be able to raise children? And all through the eternities you'll enjoy the blessings of God if you bring a child in this world and raise it right. That star that's shining yonder in glory, you'll be associated with it. See? And then to refuse to raise the little fellows because you'd rather take your running around and carrying on, that's ridiculous. You shouldn't do that. And now, don't do it. No, sir, don't you do it. You be a happy person. Mothers of old, they loved to raise children. But, oh, this modern American day that we're living in now. I tell you; our nation is simply polluted. There's not a hope left to this nation, as I see. Only an old fashion revival; and according to the Scripture, it'll never be nationwide. So then, we're just left... It'll be a revival among the people, the Elect of God, but it won't be a real sweeping revival take the whole nation in, never was and never will be. And this great kingdom has got to fall like all other kingdoms to give way to the eternal Kingdom of God, which should be issued in soon. We love our country; sure we do. But it breaks our hearts to see the pollution in it today. Oh, it's terrible. The stench has reached the nostrils of God and--of the conditions.

L-19 Now, Elijah asked for, "What can I do for you?" that he was going away. He said, "That a double portion of your Spirit come upon me." And he said, "You've asked a hard thing, but nevertheless, if you see me when I go, then you'll have what you desire." Now, I can imagine that young fellow keeping his eye on that old prophet, every move he made. Everywhere he made a move, he moved with him, because he wanted a double portion of that Spirit. And if you want a double portion, keep your eyes on Jesus. Amen. That's right. What a type that was.

L-20 When Jesus was taken away, being Elijah typed, now the church asked... A mother asked for her two sons, "Let him set the right hand and left hand." He said, "That's not for Me to give. But can you drink the cup that I drink?" She said, "Yes." Said, "Can you be baptized with the baptism that I'm baptized with?" "Yes." He said, "You shall. That's true." So then a double portion: "These things that I do shall you do also, and more than this shall you do for I go to the Father." A double portion of the Spirit was on Jesus has come to the Church. See?

L-21 Now, a double portion of Elijah's Spirit come on Elisha, and he done twice the miracles that Elijah did. And a double portion of the Holy Spirit... Now, I want you to notice. Elijah had a robe as a symbol. A robe was what he was wrapped in. And he... It was a symbol of the Holy Spirit. And as he went up... He watched, and the robe fell back from the chariot. And he picks up the robe, and laid it on his own shoulders, and went down to the Jordan, and started doing miracles. And Jesus, the baptism that He had was the baptism of the Holy Spirit, which was in Him, that come on Him at the river Jordan after He was baptized in water. John bare record seeing the Spirit of God like a Dove coming upon Him. And notice. Then when He went up, He sent back the same Robe that He was wrapped in, the Holy Ghost upon the Church. And now, people that believe in the baptism of the Holy Spirit and afraid to take Divine healing? When we... And are afraid to declare yourself a member or associate among those believers? Why, you should be ashamed. It'd be the greatest honor to know that I have been wrapped in the righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And He seen fit to do that.

L-22 So then when this young prophet goes back, he begin to perform miracles. And the Church, when it picked up the 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min Robe of the Lord Jesus, it started performing miracles. And as long as there will be a true Church in the earth, they'll always be performing miracles. Sure. It's still wrapped in the righteousness of the Lord Jesus Christ. And His Spirit dwells in the Church and performs the miracles just like It did. As I said last night, Jesus said, "As the Father has sent Me, so send I you." And the Father that sent Him went with Him and was in Him. And the Jesus that sends you, goes with you, and is in you till the end of the world. Amen. Oh, how beautiful. And know it's not just some little calendar you picked up, or some story off of a news rack out here, it's God's eternal Word, the Bible. That's true. God Himself could be no truer than His Word is. Now notice, then Elijah, Elisha, rather, as he returned back he made bitter water sweet with a little cruse of salt. Oh, miracles was just flying everywhere.

L-23 And then there was a... Oh, he got a... Now remember, he had a temper too. And some children begin to make fun of him because he was bald-headed. And he cursed those children, and that wasn't so much for the children's sake; it was for the parents that didn't raise up their children to respect God. That's what it was. The parents lost their children, because two she-bears killed forty-two of them, must have been a hundred or more running after Elijah. And going right down through Samaria where they'd had the Word preached so long, and the prophet... But do you see something there? It was the people's attitude towards God's messenger. Never in the world was God's messenger ever received by the ecclesiastics. Show me in the Word where it ever was. Never. The church, so called, since the very beginning of time has rejected the true Message of God every time. And you can't expect it to do any less today. When Jesus come, He was rejected. And He said, "Which one of your--you or your fathers didn't stone the prophets? Which one didn't reject the prophets?"

L-24 Now, look at this little story right here. Read between the lines. I love it, don't you? Between the lines... Why, look at these little children going out and making fun of this preacher that was bald-headed. Look what they said to him, "Go up, thou bald head, like Elijah, won't you?" They didn't believe that Elijah went up. They doubted it. Their priests and them had told them, perhaps, "Oh, he didn't go up. It's just some fanaticism. And that guy's supposed to be anointed with the same anointing as he was anointed. Oh, it's nonsense. Tell him to go up." And here went the little kids. "Bring up a child in the way that it should go." And here they went down because the parents didn't believe it. And how can you expect your children to go to Sunday school and serve the Lord, when you yourself don't even go? How can you expect your children to be something when you're nothing? That's a little sassy, but I don't mean it that way; but He had me to say it, so I... This is not premeditated. All right. But that... I didn't mean you wasn't nothing, but I mean when you know that you make no profession. How can you expect your children to be righteous when you're putting such an example before them? How can you do it? You're the best example that they have. They're going to look to you when they look--won't look for no one else, because your nature is in them.

L-25 Like Satan, he knows a whole lot about human beings. He said to God, to Job, he said, "What would a man give for his skin?" Sure. He knows something about human nature. He helped pervert it. He knows... He had a hand in it. He knows a whole lot about it, and he still knows how to--what to do to cause people to fall. He knows human nature. He knows just to--what to present before you and make you fall for it. He knows just how well to put the smell of whiskey, how tantalizing to make a cigarette, how well to put a--a place out here of a young boy and girl just in their teen-age, drinking beer. He don't try to place the picture a few years later and look at them old batty-eyed hags. That's right. You'd be daresn't to put a picture of a complete nude woman, but he knows just how much clothes to take off of her to make her tempting. Sure he does. He knows human nature. He knows how to catch you in it too. And he's awake day and night, going about like a roaring lion devouring what he will. Certainly, he is. So there he knew just how to do that.

L-26 But God turned around, and in Elijah he cursed those children, and forty-two of them was killed by bears that run out of those woods, and killed forty-two of the children, because they were disobedient, and had been raised in the wrong kind of a home, and the wrong schooling, to make fun of God's prophet in the stead of respecting God's prophet. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min I'll tell you; if you'll respect God's servants, you respect God. As you respect Christ, you respect God. Now, who is God's major Servant? Not some man here on earth. It's the Holy Ghost. And that's the One you make fun of. That's the One that people laugh at, say, "Now, look at them people. Don't they act funny? I believe they're a little bit crazy." When you do that, you're making fun of God. That's right. And you'll commit the unpardonable sin; it'll never be forgiven you in this world or the world to come. For Jesus said, if you speak a word against it, it'll never be forgiven.

L-27 So, Elijah, he had to pass through a little place called Shunem. It's not very well mentioned in the Bible. I think over in Joshua when they was dividing the land, they mentioned where this little place, Shunem, was. But every little spot God's going to have a witness somewhere. So there happened to be a real lady lived up there in Shunem. And she was a loyal woman, a real lady. Her husband was an elderly man. And it come to pass that Elisha, when he would go through, he went up to Mount Carmel. And on the road up, he had to pass through Shunem in order to get to Mount Carmel. Now, Elisha had a cave up there. He had him a special cave where he went to pray. By the way, that's what it was, a cave up in Mount Carmel. He went up there at the new moon and on Sabbath to pray.

L-28 Well, he wasn't very well wanted in the city, I suppose; for this woman must've seen him as he passed through and seen him rejected. And Shunem was just about as far up as he could get in his journey, and he'd have to stay there overnight. So he would rest there, and maybe in the street, or in the woods, in the fields somewhere as he passed by. And maybe sometime without food... And this good woman as she went up into the city, quickly she spotted this man and knew that he was a holy man. Now, she being a Shunammite, yet in her heart she was a believer. And no matter where the person is that is a believer, God in some way will get the true Message to them just as certain as He's God. That's right. He will manage to get it some way. He will put an ache on somebody's heart somewhere, they'll write to them, to hear testimony, turn the radio or something or other; they'll hear the true Message. God will grant that to them.

L-29 And this woman, perhaps, maybe, let's say she... One day she went up in the street and she heard someone preaching on the street corner. And she seen him rejected, and she knew that was a servant of God. So I can imagine that after Elisha got through preaching, she said, "Kind, sir, would you go and meet my husband. I will fix you all some lunch, right away." Well, I can hear Elijah say, "Thank you, ma'am. I'll be glad to do that for I'm a bit hungry after the message." And down to the house they went. She goes in and introduces her husband to this prophet, and Gehazi, the servant. And she made some cakes ready right quick, and some little dainties, some little cookies, and so forth.

L-30 And by the way, there's a little Danish woman last evening that sent me a box of cookies and some things to take... I know she's not... She can't understand English anyhow; she's here. Probably don't want to know what the right hand, know what the left hand's doing. And I thank you, each one, for your little tokens and blessings. I appreciate them. And this little Danish woman sent me some cookies to take home to the baby. And said they were Danish, and she couldn't write English, so had someone else to write it. Now, I'm having an awfullest time to keep out of them before I take them to the kids. I'm just having an awful time. I walk back and forth, look at them, and back to the other side and look at them. Well, I'm trying to make it out till I go home.

L-31 But maybe this woman set a plate full of them on the table, and Elisha had a--a real jubilee. And he thanked the woman for it. And time after time he passed by. So the good woman's own impression or revelation... Do you believe in following revelations? Certainly. I believe the church is built upon Divine revelation. And as she was inspired to do something for this man... I can hear her say one day to her husband, "Now look, dear, we're--we were well--we can do this. We have plenty. We have great farms and so forth, and we're able to do this. Now, we are both believers in Jehovah, and this is His servant. Now, let's do something nice for him, and in doing for him, we'll be doing for Jehovah. And, after all, you're getting aged, and I'm in the middle age; so it won't be long till it'll all fall somewhere; and we have no children or nothing to go to. So let's just do something nice for Jehovah by entertaining His prophet; for I perceive that he is a holy man, and 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min he passes this a way." She called him the man of God, for she seen God working in him. And she knew that God was in this prophet, and she wanted to give respects to God. And the only way she could give respects to God was to respect the servant of God. Now, friends, that's the way you do it, is when you respect God's order. That's true.

L-32 Here not long ago... I say this with respect to my Catholics friends here tonight, and lot--many of my people are Catholic. But I say this not to hurt you, never. I never come for that. I come to bless you. And nothing to say anything against your religion. For I'll say this: If the Protestant lived as true to his teaching as the Catholic did to his, we'd have a different world. That's right. But... What they're taught they believe. But not long ago in the Vatican, I went over to see the Vatican. I was having a meeting there for two nights right in Rome. And the next day in the stone's throw of the Vatican, they taken me over to see something strange. It was a great church, and down beneath they had like a--a vineyard, or I would say, a planting place. And when the monks died, they taken them there and planted them, like you would seeds in the ground, and let them stay there until the meat fell from the bones. Then they take the bone and polish it up and make light fixtures, and--and make places, and put the skulls on the corner. And it's just lined and packed up, oh, high as this ceiling, just all kinds of bones of the monks; had many there then, turning back to the dust.

L-33 And to see the superstition of the people. They had rubbed those bones until they was almost rubbed them in two. And just little superstitions like that... God doesn't dwell in bones. God dwells in Spirit in mankind, the impulse of the heart as it beats through man. God has servants. You say, "Well, what about when they laid the man on Elijah's bones, and he came to?" Well, that just happened to be a time that this, not exactly a coincidence, and yet it was too. Because there was an alien army coming after these people, and they didn't know... They didn't put him in there purposely. They just threw him in there, and God raised him up right quick when he struck Elijah's bones, in order to run away the army. Not anything in the bones; Elijah was in glory. Amen. So God dwells in human beings. Amen. Now, the only way people will see Jesus when they see--when they see Him in you. You are written epistles. If Christ's Spirit dwells in you and brings your condict--conduct into subjection to His Spirit, and makes you act like Him, and talk like Him, walk like Him, live like Him. See? People see Jesus in you. There's the old song, "Let others see Jesus in you."

L-34 And so, this woman had seen God in Elijah. And she said, "I think it's nice now if we do something for this servant of God. God will respect it." Why, she was just a few hundred years ahead of time. Jesus said, "If you give one of My disciples a cup of cold water, at the judgment it won't be forget--forgotten." We fail to see the power that God has placed in His people. God is in His people. You believe that? God was with His people one time, when He walked on earth. But now, God is in His people. "A little while, the world sees Me no more, yet you'll see Me, for I (personal pronoun, now) will be with and in you to the end of the world." God dwells, moves, works in mankind. Hallelujah. God doesn't work through orders. He doesn't work through organizations. He works through individuals. God works in man. God doesn't do the work today. He energizes or projects His Spirit into men to do so. He said, "I am the Vine." The vine don't bear fruit. "Ye are the branches."

L-35 And as David duPlessis said to me today at noon, "If these lazy Pentecostal people would get up and do something instead of trying to take a ringside seat and watch God do it, the church would be moving on." I think that's right. Get up and move. God's expecting you. You are the branches. Your hands is His hands. Your lips is His lips. Your thoughts is His thoughts.

L-36 As I said last night, "Nathan said to David, 'Do all that's in your heart, for God's with you.'" God is with His people, in His people. "God in you, the hope of glory..." See? God is in His people. He's tabernacled. Once in this pure, unadulterated body of the Lord Jesus, by virgin birth, and that Blood cell was broke and He made a way. You couldn't do it. You couldn't merit it. But He merited your rights. And God, after dwelling in Christ and giving Himself as a ransom for reconciliation, to bring man and God together and unite them together again... When the Dove and Lamb come together, heaven and earth kissed. Man and God was reconciled. There you are. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min

L-37 Now, watch this now, as this woman, her motives, her clear pure mind, her heart's desire was to do something for God. And the way she could do it, was to help this man of God. And she knowed he was a man of God. So she said, "I pray, thee, my husband, let us do something nice for the man." Well, they said, "What would it be?" Said, "Let's go get the carpenter or the contractor (or so much) and let's build him a little room by the side of our house, by the wall, that when he comes by he can call it his own. Just let him have it. And let's put a little stool and a bed and a table." And little did she know, that she was building the tomb of her own child, and was building a place that she'd see the most wonderful thing that ever took place in that day, when she was helping this man of God. And her husband said, "Dear, I believe that would be just right." So they get the carpenter, go together, and come up and built this nice little room on the side.

L-38 Well, Elijah come by one day, and I can imagine seeing how she fixed it up. Could you imagine? That little woman, like a little Dorcas or something, she goes up there, and I can see her just polish the floors with the old scrub brush, you know, till the pine boards just shined. And I can see her fix this little stool here and put a little pad on it. She said, "He will be so tired, this servant of God, when he comes by. And I'll tell you what I'm going to do. I'm going to make the bed just as soft with feathers as I can, and make it just as nice, and put a nice straw tick beneath it or something. And I'm going to have it just as nice as it can be for this servant of God. Keep... I'm going to come up every day. I'm going shine up the window, and what I'm going to do. And I'll bring the little bouquet of flowers every day and set it on there, where if he comes by. And I'll put a little welcome mat at the door. And I'm going to tack a little--a little speech on the side of the door, and say, 'Dear humble servant of God, this is my gratitude towards God. I give this in God's Name to you.'"

L-39 Oh, and one day Elijah come by. I'd imagine the flower in the room was blooming so pretty. She'd go out early of a morning and pick them, you know. The early the morning, the dew settles down. There's something about the quietness of a night, alone, the--the dew falls and it freshens. Oh, if we would only get quiet and alone with God (See?), how the dew would strengthen us, take the wilt out of us and make us fresh. Did you ever go into a rose garden early of a morning? Did you ever go into a honeysuckle bed early of a morning? And the whole air is just bathed with fragrance. Oh, how I love that. Down in my part of the country in Indiana, I'd get up early and turn on the switch key and get out somewhere where the locust, or the honeysuckles, when they're blooming. And I just set by the side of the road and just... Oh, how I just love to smell it, and to look at it, and see those little honeysuckles standing up. I said, "O God, in the run of the day and in the run of the days, if I get all wilty and indifferent, let me lay in Your Presence in the quietness, alone with You. Then I come out fresh again." Oh, my. That's what God wants to do. With a fragrance of prayer all over us, covered by the Blood of the Lord Jesus. How fresh we are before the Angels then. How fresh we are in the Presence of God.

L-40 I can see her pick a nice bouquet this morning of honeysuckles and stick it on the room. She said, "Oh, I trust that the man of God may be by today." She cleans up his little place and shuts the door and pins it on. And after a while a weary, tired prophet comes up the road, his feet sore, dragging a little staff along, a little cruse of oil by his side. Well, I can hear him say, "Gehazi, you know, son, our Shunammite friends there, they built a little room out there. I wonder if they had somebody come to stay with them? I just wonder why that room's built?" Gehazi said, "Say, master, there's a little note on the door. Oh, maybe--maybe someone else owns it. Let's go see." And Elijah goes over and reads, "Dear servant of God, we thought it good in the sight of God to do this in the Name of God for you. And we hope that you enjoy your stay each time. If we can be of any further service or blessing and help to you, just let us know. We are at your service." And when he reads that, I can see a tear trickle down old Gehazi's cheek like that. "Oh, isn't it wonderful."

L-41 And Elijah looked down there, said, "Look at the door mat, 'Welcome.' Now, isn't that just fine? You know, Elijah, I feel... Gehazi, I feel just as welcome to go in here as if I'd built it myself." That's right. That's the way you want to 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min feel. That's the way you want to give. Give with a free heart. Give unto the Lord. And so, he goes in and said, "Now, looky here." Oh, my. Elisha stretched hisself out upon this bed, took off his sandals. And Gehazi took his staff and set it in the corner, and poured a little water out, and give him a rag to wash his dusty face, like that. Oh, the prophet was so blessed. He laid there. I can hear him say, "Gehazi, go, call this Shunammite. (Amen.) But first, 'fore you go, let me smell those honeysuckles." And my, that blessed his soul. And he set it down and went and called; and she stood at her door. And he said, "Ask her if I could speak to the chief captain for her, because he's a bosom friend of mine. What if I could speak to the--the king, the mayor of the city, or whoever it is. I know them. Maybe I could speak to them for her. What could I do to repay this?" "Oh," she said, "nothing, nothing. Think nothing of it, because it's just a little token of love to God that I give to you."

L-42 Gehazi come back and brings the message. And said, "Gehazi, what could we do for her? For all this kindness, surely there should be something." And about that time Gehazi said, "Well, master, she's... has no children. And you know what? Her husband's an old man." And I can see a vision forming in front of Elisha. Said, "Go, tell her to come here just a minute. I want to talk to her." Amen. Said, "Go, tell her to come here." And she stood at her door, and he said, "Just about the time of life, according to the time of life, this time next year you'll embrace a son." "How do you know, Elijah." "I done seen. He will be here." And how the spirit of Elijah still lives. Sure it does. It's still the Spirit of God. It wasn't Elijah; it was God. And said, "About this time next year, according to the time of life, you will have a son." She said, "Oh, don't lie to me, man of God." And he said, "Well, you just go." In other words, "And you'll see. Just go on." 'Cause he'd already seen the vision. It was all over. So then, just about the time of life, she embraced a child. Oh, how happy she was. Her husband an old man, and her middle aged, and here they had a lovely little child. What a blessing a child is to a home. How it brightens up everything.

L-43 Wish we had time here to stop and tell of the barren women that I've had to come, and say, "Pray for me, Brother Branham." Standing on the platform, see visions of women that's passed age of bearing, and they're embracing children right now, because the God of Elijah still lives. Here a few days ago, standing at Shreveport, I dedicated a baby. A little woman had been married for about fifteen years. Her and her husband, very healthy, couldn't understand, less the husband was sterile or her one. And they--they couldn't understand why they couldn't have any children. And she was in the prayer line. She started up, I said, "Just a moment, lady. You're coming here to ask for a child. THUS SAITH THE LORD, I see you standing here on that same step with a boy baby with brown hair and brown eyes in your arms. For THUS SAITH THE LORD you shall have it. And she turned, and begin weeping, and went down, and embraced her husband. About three months ago, I was standing at this same spot; I dedicated to the Lord a brown eyed and brown haired baby of that woman, dedicated to the Lord.

L-44 Then I was with Brother Sothmann, setting here somewhere in the building tonight, very fine Christian brother from Canada. A few years ago, about eight years ago, standing over there, I guess in a run of a year there's sixty or seventy-five of these things happen. There was a lady who came to me, and I... She was very nice. And she'd brought me big jars full of juices and things when my wife and I was there. And she said, "Oh, Brother Branham, how I enjoyed the messages." I said, "Thank you, sister." And she said, "I certainly believe you as the servant of the Lord." I said, "Thank you, sister. God reward you for that." And she said... While she was standing there I saw a vision. Now, she was way in her middle age. This has been eight years ago. And she said, "Oh, Brother Branham," she said... 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min I said, "Sister, the... THUS SAITH THE LORD I see you standing holding a baby in your arms in a little blanket." And she said, "Me?" And I said, "Yes, ma'am, you. It's THUS SAITH THE LORD." And she said, "I hope you're right." I said, "It isn't me speaking; it's THUS SAITH THE LORD." Well, two or three, four years passed; she begin to doubt it.

L-45 Not long ago, when Mr. Baxter and I were up, and I'd went into northern British Columbia amongst the Indians and had a little meeting up there, come down with Brother Rasmusson, who's here, setting right here now. We come back down through Calgary and when we was in... Edmonton, or rather. And while we was at Edmonton there the night of the service, I was coming back from being hunting, after we had the meeting, and stopped in. Her husband met me there, very noble man. And he said... I had just a little thin coat on because it was early fall, and was warm here yet. It was pretty cold in Canada. He wanted to give me that overcoat. The man has never failed in the last seven years to send tithe money to support the missionary program that I'm supporting, never. He's been a loyal man, a good man. And he... And standing there that night he wanted to take off his coat and give it to me. I said, "No, Brother Gobel. Bless your heart, certainly not." And then, at Christmas time he always sends a nice little cake or something to the kiddies, or little dolly or something, just to be nice. Not because it's no other way, but he's just that kind of a man.

L-46 And so standing out there, he said, "Brother Branham, I'm a builder, and I build for the government. But, you know, there has been a prophet tell us that I should not go up into--around Dawson Creek, or a little above there (I forget the name of the place), to build a post office. For he tells us that the Russians are ready to make a march through Canada to the United States and will clean the whole British Columbia out as they come down." Well, I never want to doubt a man's word. Now, you mustn't never do that. And so I said, "Well, maybe that is so, Brother--Brother Gobel." I said, "My, and that is a prophet said that?" "Yes." So...?... loving brother. He said, "Oh, I don't know what I'll do now." And said, "I'm out of work, but, yet, that was such a wonderful job." I slipped off and went out and knelt down and started praying. And when I did, the Angel of the Lord come, said, "Go, tell him, THUS SAITH THE LORD, go on up there because the man's wrong." And said, "And also, speak to him to tell his wife to watch that doubting that she's doing about that baby." So I went back, and I said, "Brother Gobel, not to discredit your brother, your friend, whoever it is, the man might have been impressed to say that. Now, you'll... I don't want to have anything light of that brother. No, sir." But I said, "I have, as a servant of the Lord, THUS SAITH THE LORD; you'll be safe and be blessed. Go do the work." He said, "If you say that, Brother Branham, I believe it." I said, "Tell your wife to quit doubting about that baby." That's been about three years ago. Well, last week the baby was born. After eight years and something, God's Word is eternally true. And the same God that lived in the Old Testament is the same God that lives today. Hundreds of those cases...

L-47 Why, what am I trying to say? It's Jesus Christ that was back there with Elisha. It's Jesus Christ with you today, that's with you, in you, through you, over you: Christ, He's the same.

L-48 Then when this baby was come up to be of a age, along about ten or twelve years old... Oh, how happy that family was with this little boy. Now, listen close before we start the prayer line. We want to make the climax here, if God willing. Now, watch this little fellow. Oh, I can imagine this little Shunammite boy as he jumps over the chairs and pulled off all those things and everything. But, oh, it was all right; that was a boy, their only child. I know what it is; I got one. And so, oh, how he'd just go on his daddy when he come into the field at night. He'd grab the little fellow and bounce him up-and-down. And, oh, how could you not love a little fellow like that? No matter how mischievous they are, that's all right. I'll tell you; they're only that way once and that... How do you know that you're not holding a prophet on your arm. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min How do you know... When Abraham Lincoln's mother picked up that little baby down in Kentucky, in a split-rail cabin on an old shuck bed, and those little hands that struck him on the--her on the face; how did she know the greatest president was ever in the United States patted her on the cheek? How did Charles G. Finney, who sent a million souls to Christ, how did his mother thought... When he was a little baby and patting him on the--her on the cheek, that she was--having a little hand spatting her on the face like that, would point the way to a million people to glory? How did Moses' father and mother, or Elijah, any of the rest of them? Certainly. Love those little fellows.

L-49 And here this little fellow just jumping and romping and playing, till he got big enough to go out in the field with his daddy. So he goes out in the field and is playing around out there one day. Now, I--I believe he got a sun stroke. It acted like it. He being so old, "My head..." about eleven o'clock in the day, "Oh, my head, my head." And so they didn't have air conditioning in that day like you have now. So they... He had a servant that set the little boy on a mule and take him up to his mother. And she put him on her lap and begin to rock him and do everything she could for him. And about noon, he died. Now, talk about a dark hour. How could that woman at that time... What would you done? The darkest hour that ever struck her life. What happened? The midnight stroke... You know what lot of us would've done? Have been wailing and screaming and crying and going on. That's what we would've done. But not her, she was a woman of faith. You know what she did? She called on that God that she loved. Hallelujah. An inspiration that led her to do a favor for the prophet, said "Take that baby and lay him on that prophet's bed where he slept." What a place to take him. Just exactly right. Amen. So I can see her pick the little fellow up in her arms and kiss him, brush his little curly hair back like that, walk out to the outside, down. And the father, following her, was screaming to the top of his voice, and all the neighbors were wailing, her walking quietly, tear run down once in a while. But it wasn't all finished yet. It would've been if she had no hope. But there was something inside of her. Hallelujah. She know how she got him. She knowed the lips that spoke him here. She knowed there was a God of heaven, as Daniel said, "There is a God of heaven." Certainly. And she held the little fellow. Now, if she'd felt like it was all over, it would've been all over. But down in her heart there was something moving. When all hopes was gone, yet something begin to move. When all reasoning had gone... We cast down reasoning. It ain't what you can think in your mind, your intellect; it's what your soul tells you, what your heart tells you.

L-50 I can see her walking out through that little rose garden, down the little path, over to the little corner, open up the door. The welcome mat she steps over, where this man of God had stepped over, and laid the little fellow down, got Elijah's pillow, where that holy man of God had laid, and stuck it back under his little head, and put a little blanket up over his face. And she walked back out, and everybody's screaming and going on, and she said, "Saddle me a mule, and drive, and let's go to Mount Carmel as fast as we can go. And don't you stop 'less I tell you to stop." "Oh," her husband said, "it's neither new moon or sabbath. The prophet only passes through here on those certain days and goes up there to fast and pray, up in that little cave. Well, now, there's--there's no--there's no need of going." She said, "All is well." Amen. That just thrills me every time I think of it.

L-51 What was it? Something in her heart told her Elijah was there. You just--it just won't fool you; that's all. It's Divine revelation. Sure it is. The same thing that said, "Fix this for this holy man; give this holy man this nice little place and fix it," that same revelation was pouring through her, the same power, saying, "Elijah's up there; go get him." Oh, praise God. If that revelation would strike this audience of people tonight, that Jesus has raised from the dead right here now, you wouldn't go out of here with a need. There wouldn't be a feeble person left in here. Sure. She said, "Now, it's all right."

L-52 Now, I can see her husband put that little side saddle on. And he helped her as she put her little teeny foot up in there, and lifted her up. She set on the little donkey and pulled a little shawl across her face, kissed him good-bye, and brushed his tear back, said, "Now, dad, don't you cry. Don't you cry." "Mother, what's the matter?" "Don't you cry. Don't you cry." 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min "Well, what... How you taking it so lightly?" "Dear, my heart feels the same as yours, except there's something happened. There's something in me tells me I must see the man of God right away." And she said to the servant (they led the mules, of course), said, "Now, you run along yourself and don't you even stop or check up 'less I tell you to." On up she went. I can see her going on now, just a trotting on this little mule, a singing the praises of God. Oh, my.

L-53 And old Elijah set back there, been reading a scroll down, you know; all had taken place, setting back there. Gehazi setting at the door nodding... I can see Elijah rub his eyes and look out. He said, "Gehazi." "Yes, master." He jumps up. Said, "Here comes that Shunammite. Go, see what she wants. Ask her if everything's well with her, and her husband, her child." So Gehazi went out a little piece, said, "Is all well with thee? Is all well with thy husband? Is all well with the child?" What you going to say, sister? What you going to say? Well now, if I am counting on intellects, I'd say, "O merciful God, oh, my baby's gone." But there's something down in me that says, "Say something different."

L-54 She said, "All is well. (Amen. Amen.) Everything's all right." Oh, my. If that isn't casting down reasonings, that's making the world what calls ridiculous. That's what science would say was crazy. But she got what she asked for, so what difference does it make? She said, "Everything's all right. Everything's just perfectly all right." So she run up to him, jumped off the little side saddle. And the little fellow turned her little donkey around to start back. And Elijah said, "Now, her heart's all broke about something 'cause I can see that tear in her eye. But, you know, God tells me a whole lot of things, but He don't tell me everything." God don't tell His prophets everything. No, no, just as He will. Now, he said, "Now, her heart's broke, and she's all upset about something. But I--I don't know what it is."

L-55 And she begin to reveal it to him and to tell him what had happened. Well, Elijah said, "Now, wait a minute. No vision, what am I going to do. I haven't seen nothing. I don't know what to say. But I know one thing: There's a God of heaven that lives. That's one thing. And I know that when I had the anointing on me a many time, when I'd walk, this old stick, coming on up through that desert, the anointing was on me. So, Gehazi, you're my servant. I want you to gird up your loins right quick, put on the whole armor. I want you to take this stick that I've been walking on; it's blessed. And I want you to go lay it on the child. And if anybody tries to stop you, don't pay no attention to them. If..." That's what's the trouble today with us preachers. That's what's the trouble with us church members. God's give us a mission to carry to the lost and dying, for the resurrection to Everlasting Life, and we've stopped and had socials, and chats, and parties, and tea parties, and suppers, and stitch-and-sew, and so-and-so, and everything else. No wonder we can't never get to the dead. Said, "Don't you say anything but take this message."

L-56 So Elijah started, or, the boy started off with the stick. But you know, the woman's faith, she didn't know about God being in that stick. But she knowed God was in that prophet. And she said, "As the Lord your God lives, you holy man of God, I'm not going to leave you. I'm going to stay right with you and see what you're going to do." Oh, I like that. Stay with your point. Don't give back. Stay with it. She had a--a revelation. She had a vision, as it was, or a revelation, that something... Elijah had something for her. She's going to stay till she seen it through, and said, "As the Lord God lives, I'll not leave you." Elijah said, "Well, I guess if I can't get rid of you no other way, I'll just put on my shoes and take off." So he slips on his sandals, and here come him and the woman.

L-57 Look at this sight. Here's a little dark boy running along with a stick in his hand. Everybody saying, "Hello, Gehazi. How's Elijah this morning?" [Brother Branham makes a running sound--Ed.] On the work of the Lord. Amen. Some of them said, "Hey, what you got that stick in your hand for?" I can just hear him say in his heart, "I ain't going to tell you, you unbeliever anyhow." So just keep on going. "I got a errand to do." Just keep on. Well, so, oh, look coming across the hill, here come this woman holding to Elijah, and here they come across the hill. I 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min can see the father standing out there and saying, "Oh, here she comes. Here she comes." And the young fellow could outrun them both. So he went in and laid the stick on the child and said, "Here, we'll see if it works. No, no, I don't--I don't believe it's going to work. Now, let's see. Now, let me, just a minute--just a minute. Now, is he going to... Oh, there comes Elijah anyhow. Now, just a minute. I don't think it's going to work." That's why. We don't--we don't let it lay there long enough. See? So he grabbed up the stick again and run to meet him. He said, "It don't work." That's what's the matter with the church today. That's the reason it don't work. Here come Elijah.

L-58 Now, look what a scene. Here Elijah walks in, the neighbor's all screaming and crying. Here was a defeated servant saying to him, "Well, my master told me to do this, but his word sure failed. That goes to show he's a man. That's all there is to it." And here come Elijah up, no vision or nothing else to work on. Here was a woman with faith in her heart. And I can see Elijah look over and say, "Well, if I haven't got much, I can work with yours, so...?..." That's the way. "I'll go up on your revelation." He walks up to the house. The father run and said, "Oh, holy man of God. Oh, my poor little boy has been dead now for several hours. Oh, holy man of God..." I can hear him say, "Shhh. Stand still." Tell her, said, "Now, just stay right out here now and be in prayer." Walks up to the door, like he had before, opened up the door and looked down and seen that welcome mat. Opened up the door and looked, and there it was; there's another bunch of honeysuckle setting there. Look, laying on the bed there's a little form laying under a sheet. I can see him pull that back and look, and say, "Well, that poor little fellow." His eyes are set, his mouth's open. He's stiff. He's cold. Elijah said, "Lord, I don't know what to do." Goes over and kneels down and said, "Now, Father, what can I do?" Child's...?... Not a thing. Then he gets up, and he walks back and forth. And he goes over, and all at once he happened to think of something. Now, God lives in man. Do you believe it? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-59 "If they lay 'my' hands on the sick," that don't sound right, does it? If... "These signs shall follow them that believe. If they lay 'my' hands on the sick, they shall recover." That don't sound right, does it? "If they lay 'their' hands on the sick, for I will be with them, in them. If they lay 'their' hands on the sick, they shall recover." God in Elijah, he knowed them visions he had was God. He knowed that inspiration in his heart was God. God dwells in him. So he had a revelation. He goes over, and stretched the little boy's out, lays his hands on his hands, his nose on his nose, his forehead against his, and laid there just a minute. He got up and said, "Lord, I don't know." He laid his hands down; the little boy got warm. He said, "Well..." Got up, walked back and forth again, "I don't know what to do." And after while the revelation said, "Do the same thing again." So he goes and he lays his face against the little boy's face, his lips against the little boy's lips. And when he did that, the Spirit of God in that man was projected into that child, and he sneezed seven times and come to life. Hallelujah. Brother, God has never changed. Just the same God tonight that He was then. The God of Elijah, the God of Moses, the God of Abraham, the God of the Lord Jesus is right here with us tonight in the form of the Holy Ghost. The only thing it is with you people and I, is we don't have faith to call Him into action. That's right. If your faith will be quickened, and will move out, and have every shadow taken away from it, God will do the miracles that He did in the days gone by. He will do it here tonight among you. Do you believe it?

L-60 Let us pray. With your heads bowed, your hearts open before God, I wonder just now if some of you here are a worse type of dead than that little boy was? That little boy was physically dead. I wonder if you have been spiritually dead to these things, never believed it before, never believed. But tonight something strangely that you feel like that you ought to, right tonight, like the Shunammite woman was... "Something in my heart tells me that this Bible is right, that Jesus Christ is the Son of God. And I realize that I'm a mortal man or woman, boy or girl and I've got to stand in His Presence. And right now is my time to make my decision that I'll accept Him as my personal Saviour and receive Eternal Life. While He puts His hands on my hands and His speared heart pressing against my sinful heart; and ask Him to take all sin and to bring me to Life again." Will you raise up your hand and by doing that, say, "Brother Branham, remember me in prayer when you call." God bless you, back there. God bless you, you, you, and you. God bless you. My, hands just going up everywhere. "I now 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min want Jesus to take me and embrace me to His bosom."

L-61 When all the Spirit of God that worked through Joseph, through Abraham, through Isaac, through Jacob, Joseph, Elijah, Moses, all the prophets, and then finally wound up in the full Godhead bodily in the Lord Jesus, and He projects It out tonight and lets His Spirit stand at your heart's door. [Brother Branham knocks--Ed.] "And Lord, as You're passing by my way, I want to lay out a welcome mat at my little door. And I want to enlighten my thoughts with the perfume of the Lily of the Valley. I want You to come in and make Your stay with me. Abide with me, Lord, for someday I'm going to be physically gone, and only You and Your embrace can call me back to a Life again. And I now accept You in Your program, and, by God's grace, I love You and stay with You, and serve You as long as I live." Is there somebody that did not raise up their hands a few moments ago, out of about two dozen? Would you raise your hands and say, "I just now feel like I ought to do it, Brother Branham. Raise my hands to Christ and say by this, 'Christ, I mean that I will serve You.'" Anywhere in the balconies, around or anywhere? Are any hands that did not go up awhile ago? God bless you, lady. God bless you, lady. God bless you over there, lady. God bless you back there, lady...?... God bless you, my brother. God bless you back there, young man. I see your hand; surely God does. Up in the balcony, God bless you. Someone else would say, "By this, my hand's up." God bless you, young man. I see you and certainly God does, the all-seeing eye. God bless this colored brother setting there. God bless you, my friend. God bless you back there also, colored sister setting back there. And the elderly man, colored man, gray hair with his hands up, "I want to receive Jesus," God bless you. God bless this lady here with both hands up, heart open. God bless this lady setting here with her hand up.

L-62 Not long ago... While you are praying now, your heads bowed. Was cold in my room that morning. I couldn't get the fire to burn. Sister Cadle come on the air singing, "I want to see Jesus, don't you? My Saviour so faithful and true. When I've reached that land on the far away strand, I want to see Jesus, don't you." Our heavenly Father, that's the desire of every heart, tonight, here. Oh, look at them, Lord. Maybe fifteen, twenty-five people raised their hands. They want to receive you just now. O great Spirit, that started out back in the early age and lived in the--the men, Who lived in the hearts of Your prophets... And down through the age You come and vindicated Yourself. How we can see David climbing that mountain and looking back over Jerusalem, rejected by his own. And he wept as he went up the mount. And just a few hundred years after that we see the Son of David rejected, setting on that same mountain saying, "Jerusalem, Jerusalem, how oft would I have hovered you as a hen would her chicks, but you would not. If you'd have only knowed your day of visitation..." And dear Father, tonight in my heart, I feel the Holy Spirit crying out, "Oh, America, America, how oft would the Holy Spirit have give you a real out pouring of a revival. How He would have gathered you and held you in safety. But I believe you didn't understand the day of your visitation. You scorned the prophets. You've called them fanatics. You've put them in jail. You... Oh, how oft would He have took you."

L-63 And tonight, Lord, to the individual. God seldom deals with a nation, but You do with individuals. And tonight, hands has went up and wants to embrace You, Lord. I pray that the Holy Spirit will show those people that You love them, embrace them into Your Bosom just now. And when this service is over, Father, I pray that they'll go out of here the happiest people that there is in Chicago. Grant it, Father. For now, I quote Your Word to You. This is Your Word, the living Word. You said according to the Bible, "He that heareth My words and believes on Him that sent Me has Everlasting Life and shall never come to the judgment but's passed from death to life." And these people has raised their hands in Your Presence that they believe You. Then, Father, I have the Scriptural right to say that they've passed from death to Life, and they've been resurrected here tonight to Life." And I thank You for it. And I pray, God, that You'll let us live such lives here, that when the world is to come, way over there in the Kingdom of God; after the...?... trials is done settled, the arms are stacked, peace reigns in every heart, may we set down by the Tree of Life and be happy, Lord, that this night was, that they accepted You. We ask this, for You to keep them until that time, in Christ's Name. Amen. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min

L-64 I... How many feels real good, like you just...? The Word just scours us out, doesn't it? just makes you feel different. Now, I said I'd be early, and here I am late. I'm usually that way. But I wonder tonight... Now, let's see, where... What prayer cards you give out? B, what? He's forgot. All right. I say B... 50 to 100? All right. Who has prayer card B-number-1? Raise up your hand. Look on your prayer cards for B. I want to ask Brother Wood, some of the ushers, or them, if they'll take their place right down here, just a minute. We're going to line a great line of people. All right. B-50, who has B-50? Raise your hand. B-51, 52. All right, 53. Just start lining up here, 54, 55, 56, 57, 58, 59, 60. Now, if you're in chairs and so forth, and can't be moved... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-65 To pray for you that that curse would leave you and you'd get well? You'll always serve Him and love Him, won't you? You know, I got a little girl at home, Rebekah. And she's just about your size, maybe a little bit smaller. How old are you, honey? Eleven. I think she's ten now. And so she's... She loves the Lord Jesus, too. And I... what... You know, little Rebekah cried the other day when I left. She don't like to see me leave home, but, you know, God knowed that you was up here. And He wanted me to come pray for you so you could be healthy and strong. Don't you believe that? Does the audience believe that? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Come here, sweetheart. Now, heavenly Father, days has gone and years has passed by and You're still the same great Jehovah God. And this little child, at this age, and the heart trouble is beyond the doctor's care. But Thou, Lord, can heal. Now, I'm thinking of my own dear brother when they took his heart out and run their fingers through the valves, trying to open them, and it wouldn't do it... And standing there with bowed head, and face...?..., his eyes set, You brought him back and he lives today. O Christ, I embrace this child; it's some man's darling; it's Your child too, Lord. And take this curse of heart trouble from her, and may she start mending from this hour and be a well child. I pray in Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you, honey. I want you to do me a favor, and you do this now. Will you, after about three days (See?), seventy-two hours, will you write me a letter and tell me that you was the little girl I prayed for and tell me how you progressed? Will you do that? And then if the doctor exams you, and say, "Say, you're getting along a lot better." Then you write and tell me that. Will you do it? Bless you, honey.

L-66 Your trouble, brother? [The brother speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] All right. You come in a representative way. Do you believe that God will answer prayer? Our heavenly Father, as he stands for a friend, I ask that Your Holy Spirit go to that friend and restore him to his right condition. In Jesus' Name I pray. Amen. [The brother speaks again to Brother Branham--Ed.] Oh, God bless you, brother. Fine. Your trouble, brother? [The brother speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Nervous...?... Dear God, laying hands upon my brother. I condemn this evil and ask for his healing in Jesus' Name. May he rejoice like the other brother. Amen. God bless you, brother. How do you do and your trouble, brother? [The brother speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Oh, God bless you, brother. Father God, Thou always are truthful and I bless this brother. And as I pray in Jesus' Name with my body touching his, may the power, the Holy Ghost touch him and give him his desire. Amen. God bless you, brother. Let me hear from you.

L-67 You, sister. [The sister speaks--Ed.]...?... Restore, Lord, this woman's health as my body touches hers through my hands, as Thy Word has said, "Lay hands on the sick, they shall recover." This I ask in Jesus' Name. Amen. I want you, get a check on that and write me now. I want to find out what takes place. Now, what's your trouble, brother, quickly? [The brother speaks--Ed.] Oh, excuse me, Brother Joseph. Come brother. Give me your handkerchief. My heavenly Father, his loving companion is sick, and I bless this handkerchief. And as the Israelites were backed up at the Red Sea and the enemy had them cornered, but they had a promise. And the Spirit of God came down and looked upon the waters, and it got scared, and it moved back, and Israel went to the promise. God, this is Your promise. And I send this handkerchief to his wife, and when it touches her, may the enemy see that that's a promise of God. And may he get scared and move away, and may she go to the promise of good health, in 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min Christ's Name. Amen. Let me hear from her now won't you? God bless you. All right.

L-68 The baby? What's its trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Oh, it's deaf and dumb. Oh, bless her little heart. Now, you believe Jesus will restore its hearing and speech? You do? All right. I'm going to pray for it. I want you to see what happens to it. My dear heavenly Father, to the deaf and dumb child, I pray that you'll move this spirit from the child and make it to hear and speak. And, grant this, Lord, 'cause the child is just a baby, but Thou art God. And I pray that You grant it in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, just... Keep your heads bowed a minute. Now, this is not casting out. You see? It's not a vision. I don't know what it's for. But just a minute, I want to see if God healed the child. Keep your heads bowed, now. [Brother Branham claps his hands once--Ed.] Do you hear that? [Brother Branham snaps his fingers--Ed.] She can hear. [Brother Branham speaks to the child--Ed.] Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Can you say that? Mama. Watch this. [Brother Branham snaps his fingers--Ed.] See her little eyes turn around and look and see where it's coming from? [Brother Branham snaps his fingers--Ed.] Now, she's never spoke, you see, so she can't just... Like this. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Say it. Mama. I tell you what you do, sister. Take her right her somewhere and set and just try to get her. See? She... I believe she can talk. I--I can't say, 'cause it's... I--I have to believe. But my faith says that she's healed. See? I believe it. I can't... But you get her to speak; she can hear. I know that. She could hear that. She could hear it. But I believe she could speak too. It both works on the same nerve. You get over there and see if she's don't say, "Mama." Get her to say, "Mama" or something like that. All right. God bless you now. Let me hear from you in a few minutes. All right.

L-69 Your trouble, sir? [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Nervous disorder. Christ can heal that. Don't you believe it...?... Our heavenly Father, I bless this man and lay hands upon him, and ask that this nervous disorder leave him. And this blessing I ask in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, look son, nervousness is the hardest thing there is to fight, worse than cancer, because you can't mentally balance yourself right. You see? You can't get your mind running right. But now, you start from right now knowing that you're standing in the Presence of God, and say, "This hour, right now, I am healed." And go out saying the same thing, say it till you actually believe it (See, see?), till you really believe it. And then you'll get well. Do you believe that? Now, go rejoicing and let me know what happens to you now. You're trouble, sir? [The brother speaks--Ed.] Come right here, sir, just a moment. Oh, yes, buzzing in your ear and a weakened right hip. You... that leg. You believe God will make you well, sir? Our heavenly Father, You're no respect of age, person. And I, as Your servant, lay hands upon this, my brother, that I'm very conscious now that I'll stand with in the day of judgment. And ask that You heal him and make him well, knowing that this is the time, and I pray as the effectual fervent prayer for his healing. In Christ's Name I ask. Amen. Now, I want you to believe now that you're healed. Now, I just want to touch your ear and ask God to heal you and make it to hearing and everything all right. I want you to believe that you're leg's better. Feel your leg and see if it feels any better. See? Do you believe it's better, feels? It's better? That's very good. And how's the ear? It's better? Oh, I thought you had a hearing bad. All right. Now, you go and let me know what happens to the leg and to the ear. Will you write me and tell me? Just at Jeffersonville... God bless you. All right.

L-70 Now, bring the lady. Oh, she can't walk very good, or pack and bring her. That's good. Now, sister, what's your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Paralysis, asthma and paralysis. Now, there's only one thing can help you, sister dear; that's the Lord Jesus. You're a beautiful young woman. It's such a shame to see you in this condition. I wished I had power to do it. I'd do it, sister. I would. God knows my heart. I don't have. I--I--I--I'm not the one. See, it's already been done. See? Christ did it. And now, only thing I can do is pray for you and ask you to believe that it is done, and Christ will make your body obey your faith. You believe that now? That... You... Is this your daughter? Do you believe it? Will you let me know how it comes out and what happens? How long she been this a way? Since a child. Then any improvement would show right away, wouldn't it? Are you here in the city? Would you... Are you going to be here a few days? Would you let me know in the next, say, tomorrow night if there's any improvement? And any of you, I want you to do that. Will you believe with me now, while we try 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min to pray the prayer of faith?

L-71 Our heavenly Father, as this lovely young, black-headed, black-eyed, young woman stands here, who would be a darling to anyone, I pray for her, Father. The devil has did this; I'm sure. I know not why it is. And I ask You, Lord, as this night is set for this; I lay my hands upon this paralyzed, afflicted young woman and ask with the sincerity of my heart, that, God, the clock will not come back around again until there'll be something happen that'll cause this mother and her to return to this platform giving You praise and glory. If You'll do that, Lord, I promise You I'll start praying for the people in this manner and doing all that I can for Your people. Let this be an example, Father. I pray in Jesus' Name for her healing. Amen. God bless you. Now, you feel better, do you? You do feel better. Well, that's very fine. I believe you are better, right now. And I believe you're going to be so much better in the next twenty-four hours, your mother is going to come here and tell about it. Don't you? And you too... All right. The Lord bless you now. All right. God bless you. [The woman speaks--Ed.] God, I pray that in Christ's Name, You'll bless this handkerchief for the woman. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, let me hear. [The woman speaks again--Ed.] Father, grant to this woman her desire. I pray, God, that her heart will be so elated over her daughter that everything that You have for her will be granted to her, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you.

L-72 Now, sister, what do you want to be prayed for? Oh, God bless you. Heavenly Father, bless this little woman as she stands here waiting for her turn. I lay hands on her and ask for Your blessings to rest on her, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, my sister. Do you believe now? Amen. All right. Fine. Your trouble, sir? [The brother speaks--Ed.] Stomach trouble. O Father God, I pray for this man's stomach trouble and ask that he be healed, and maybe tomorrow he will come in and bring a letter, "My stomach never has bothered me since." In Jesus' Name I ask this. Amen. Let's hear from you, brother. You believe now? All right. That's good. What's your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] What? Oppression. Come here. That's the devil, of course. Our heavenly Father, bless this lovely young woman standing here, as she looks and says, "Oppression." See her holding this handkerchief and rubbing her hands together, know that it's the devil doing that. And I pray, God, that You'll rebuke him and make him leave the woman. And may by tomorrow night, Lord, may these people be flooding this place, telling what You've done for them. May she be come and telling the great praises of God. Amen. God bless you, sister. You believe now. Go rejoicing and thanking God.

L-73 [The sister speaks--Ed.] Knot under the arm and cancer in the stomach. You realize it's death, sister, if God doesn't heal you? You must believe now. O heavenly Father, as I look in the face of this sincere looking woman, God, I pray that in Christ's Name that You'll bless her and take all this cancer from her. May it die and not bother her no more, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. I want to hear what happens to you now tomorrow. All right. Now, you... What you want prayed for, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Yes. All right. You believe Jesus will heal you? Heavenly Father, I pray that You'll close this place. Thou art the One Who could open the Red Sea and close the Red Sea. And I pray, God, that You'll heal this woman, in the Name of Jesus, Thy Son. Amen. Now, believe it, now, sister, all your heart. Now, come sister. What's your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Arthritis. Heavenly Father, this is something the doctors cannot do anything for. But Thou art not a remedy; You're the cure. And I pray that You'll heal this woman and may she be well the rest of her life, in Christ's Name. Amen. Now, do you believe? All right. Go, rejoicing. Let me know what happens by tomorrow night.

L-74 What's your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Oh. God, I pray that in Christ's Name that You'll heal the woman and make her well. May tomorrow night her testimony be here that God has healed her. In Jesus' Name I pray. Amen. Now, don't look to me as... But remember, the God of Elijah is here. Watch and see if He doesn't prove that He's here. Your trouble... I seem like I ought to know you. Aren't you Mrs. Domiko? Mrs. Domiko's friend; that's right. [The woman speaks--Ed.] Oh? Oh, well now, that's sure to... Now, He's the Healer, isn't He, sister? Our heavenly Father, I pray with all my heart that in Jesus Christ's Name that You'll heal this dear woman. This growth is on her, and You 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min alone can take it off. And I lay hands upon her in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. Now, let me hear tomorrow what happens. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] I do. God be merciful to you, sister. Are you believing now? Our heavenly Father, as Your servant, You're... And after hundreds and hundreds and thousands of years has passed, You're still God. You'll be God always. People still needy, and as long as there's a need, there's a God to meet that need. And I pray as I lay my hands upon her, as Elijah laid his body upon the child, I ask for her healing through Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now believe.

L-75 Sister Wood, of course, I know your trouble at this side. Heavenly Father, I pray for my sister with the sincerity of my heart. May this be the time that You'll make her well from her side. I pray that it'll leave her now and never bother her again, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Your trouble? [The brother speaks--Ed.] For another brother. Would you come just a little closer. Heavenly Father, he represents someone else somewhere in this world. I pray that You'll heal that someone else and bless this man for his efforts, in Jesus' Name. Amen. Come, sir. Your trouble, my brother? [The brother speaks--Ed.] Your only son's mentally ill. Heavenly Father, may he, O God, as my heart bleeds for him, may that evil spirit leave the boy. And may when he returns home, find it even gone, and come and give testimony to the glory of God. Father, I humbly ask this, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, brother, and may you receive what you've asked for. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] He does though, doesn't He? Our heavenly Father, as the little lady's not certain, but it's a stomach condition somewhere. I pray, Father, that You'll make the evil leave her as I lay my hands upon her, in Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless. Now, let me hear what happens tomorrow. See? All right.

L-76 Sister, what's your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Your daughter in a hospital? All right. You want to take this handkerchief to her. My Father God, I place this handkerchief before Thee in my hands, which is unworthy. But Thou has so seen need to send it to all the world. I pray, heavenly Father, that You'll bless this handkerchief when it lays on her daughter. May she be dismissed from the hospital a well person and come home, through Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, God bless you, sister, and may it be so. Let me hear what happens. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Arthritis...?... Oh, I see. Gets worse all the time. Yes. All right. Now, sister, there's only one hope; that's in Christ. Are you now conscious that even the preaching of the Word... Have you ever seen the meetings, other meetings? Was you here last night? Did... You was here Sunday? Did you see how the Holy Spirit worked among the people? Now, see, He's here just the same. He's right here. See? You believe that? Now, heavenly Father, I lay hands on our sister and bless her in Jesus' Name; that between now and tomorrow night, the sign that I asked You in the hotel room tonight, I pray that You'll have this woman returning saying the arthritis is gone. In Jesus' Name I ask it. Amen. Now, don't doubt. But come and let us know what happens. Will you do it? God bless you. All right, then.

L-77 Now... [A brother asks the congregation to remain in prayer--Ed.] Just a few more minutes and we'll be finished. All right. Come right along. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] O God, in Christ's Name I pray that You'll heal this woman of arthritis. May her testimony tomorrow night be great, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Eyes. Heavenly Father, as I hold the hands of this young woman, I pray that in Christ's Name that You'll restore to her her sight. And may she be well and testify to Your glory tomorrow night, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, young lady. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Nervousness and headaches. Heavenly Father, I pray that You'll bless this young woman and heal her of nervousness and headaches. And may her testimony be tomorrow night, "It's never bothered me since." I pray for this blessing in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. And your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.]...?... O God, Thou knowest all things. I pray for this dear woman that You'll heal her of this trouble. In Jesus Christ's Name may her testimony be tomorrow night, "I'm healed." Amen.

L-78 God bless you, sir. [The brother speaks--Ed.] Dear God, this dear man with a double rupture and desiring a double 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min portion of Your Spirit, God, I lay hands upon him as Your servant, and knowing the need of the day, I pray that You'll grant the things that he asks. I sincerely ask in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you. [The sister speaks--Ed.] Oh, back injury. You believe that tomorrow night you'll be coming up here testifying...?... and your stomach, you can eat again? Heavenly Father, I bless this woman and I ask for her healing for a testimony in her neighborhood of the Lord Jesus. I ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, let's hear tomorrow. [The sister speaks--Ed.] Yes, imperfect hearing and stiff finger. All right. You believe that you're going to be hearing perfect? You believe you're going to be hearing perfect and your finger's going to be well? Our heavenly Father, bless this woman and make her hearing perfect and heal her stiff finger. I pray for this, that tomorrow night the testimony will be to the glory of God, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. I believe we'll hear it, don't you? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] I'm believing.

L-79 [The sister speaks--Ed.] Our heavenly Father, as this child stands here and asks, just a young woman here at the crossroads of life, I pray that You'll heal her of this nervousness, Lord, and this growth in her neck. I pray that tomorrow night she'll come back and say the growth is gone and her nervousness is gone, and she'll be well so she can serve you. God, then if You'll do this, I'll run a pray line like this constantly. Grant it in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] High blood and arthritis. Heavenly Father, I bless this here woman, as I hold these hands, perhaps, it's pat a little baby's cheek many times, rocked the cradle when the baby was sick. O Father, I pray that You'll take the arthritis and trouble away from her and may tomorrow night she return rejoicing saying, "It left me. I'm well." In Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-80 [Someone speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] The little baby, the little deaf and dumb baby is saying, "Mama" and can hear. [Congregation worships--Ed.] Let... Send them back up to the platform now. Your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] O God, in Christ's Name heal the woman and make her well. I pray in Jesus' Name. Amen. What you say? [The woman with the baby speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] Ma, Ma. Well, that's very fine. Now, you're my little girl friend. Do you believe that...? Can you say, "Mom" for me? Mom. Mom. [Brother Branham asks the woman--Ed.] See if you can do it. Mom. Ma. Ma. She's trying hard. Ma. Ma. Ma. Ma. Ma. She thinks I'm trying to get her to smile for her Mom. See? [Brother Branham claps his hands--Ed.] Oh, play up turn up on the music, wherever... [The organist gives a few chords--Ed.] Mmm. Mmm. Ma. Mama. She said it down there, did she? [The woman speaks to Brother Branham--Ed.] She said that here, your mother? The neighbors that brought her, and she took her out the door and she said, "Ma." And that shows that that spirit has gone from her. She's never spoke to her in her life. She's a baby. Now, could it be possible for you to get her back tomorrow night, if you could train her a little bit tomorrow on how to talk and bring her back? I want the audience to see what happened. And you'll do that?

L-81 What, are you Norwegian or something? Swedish. Well, that's very fine. And she's not Swedish though, is she? I didn't think so. You look like an Irish girl. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. Her father is working and her mother has two small children, but the child has heard and spoke tonight. See? Now, that's just--that's just real faith. Just go believe it; that's all. And what I'm doing, I'm trying my best just to throw myself in there and just believe for the people, then see what happens. If it works, I'll run a prayer line every night like that. God bless you. Now, I want to hear tomorrow. You train her. Now, she don't know how to say... See, if we say, "Pull your ear," she--she started doing that. If you say, "Move your finger," or get her to do that, she'd mock it. Now, she thinks we're trying to get her to go... See? But you have to make a sound. You see? You bring her back tomorrow night. Or if you can't, the next night, anyhow, so the audi... I'd like to see her tomorrow night. I believe she'll talk tomorrow night. She was saying, "Mama," and so forth. Don't you? Do you believe it with me now? God bless you, sister. All right.

L-82 Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] O dear God, heal this poor lady as she stands here, a good woman. And I pray that You'll make her well through Jesus Christ's Name. Amen. God bless you. I want to hear from you tomorrow night now. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min Your trouble? [The sister speaks--Ed.] O God, heal our sister of this stomach and kidney trouble. And may she return tomorrow night saying, "Well, it's all gone." We pray in Jesus' Name. Amen. You believe it now? All right. That's right. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Blind in left eye and losing the sight in your right. Oh my, that's too bad. Just a lovely little lady. Now, don't you believe tomorrow night that you'll be able to come up, and even show us, and point to us, and tell us by this left eye can see and the right one's good again? Don't--won't you believe that? Will you believe it? I... [The sister speaks--Ed.] Amen. That's fine, honey. Our heavenly Father, I bless this child standing here going blind. Now, Lord, Thou knowest all things, and I hope and trust in You that tomorrow night this will be one flood of testimonies. Grant it, Lord. And may the child be able to see out of this blind eye, the little deaf and dumb girl, speaking and hearing. Grant it, Lord. I pray in Jesus' Name. Amen. Now, let's hear from you, sister. I believe it. Don't you believe it? All right. [The sister speaks--Ed.] O Jesus, this poor woman, arthritis, ringing in her ears, sinus infection, Thou can heal these things. And I bless her, Lord, as a prayer of faith. You said the prayer of faith shall save the sick. And with all my heart, I'm trying to yield myself to Your Spirit, knowing that You're standing here at the platform. I ask for her healing through Christ's Name. Amen.

L-83 Come here. [The brother speaks--Ed.] Hard--hard of hearing? Tomorrow night, do you believe you'll hear perfect? Heavenly Father, I ask for his healing tonight, that the evil spirit that's made him deaf, the deaf spirit will leave him, and tomorrow night he will come back rejoicing, praising God, and can hear perfect. In Christ's Name I ask it. Amen. I want to hear from you, now, tomorrow night. Your trouble, sister? [The sister speaks--Ed.] Your baby. Heavenly Father, I bless the mother for her offspring, her baby. And as the Shunammite woman came for hers, may the God of heaven bless her child and make it well, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. All right. God, she stands for the sister that she played with as a little girl. She has cancer, and You alone can heal her. May the message come, like--like the lady down in Kentucky a few weeks ago. May she be healed, in Jesus' Name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Now, believe now. Amen. All right. How many loves the Lord? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... the Lord Jesus with all my heart. Isn't He wonderful? Love Him... Praise the Lord. God is real, isn't He? You know that song we sing, "God Is Real. I can feel Him in my soul"? Jesus is wonderful. Let's pray just a minute. Heavenly Father, I pray that You'll magnify Yourself. Let these people know that You're here, that You're God, that You're real. I pray in Christ's Name. Help me, God, just now, in Jesus' Name. Amen. I don't know. How many more we got down there, Billy? About five more? Think we'll change the order of the meeting. Do you believe God's here? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.]

L-84 You got bad breathing, haven't you, sister, setting out there? You believe that God will make you well? Amen. It's gone now. Thank the Lord. Isn't He wonderful. God is here. I just can't hold it any longer. It's just choking me down. Visions are flashing everywhere. Oh, how wonderful. There stands the Angel of God, standing right over that lady setting there with sinus trouble. If you believe, lady, about three back from the row on the other side, believe with all your heart, you can be made well. If you believe it, you can have it. Amen. What do you think out there, you in the audience, are you believing? [Congregation says, "Amen."--Ed.] Do you believe, lady? All that nervous trouble you think will leave you, do you? Amen. That throat trouble too will leave you, don't you? You believe that cancer will go out of your throat? You do? If you do, praise the Lord, say, "I believe Him with all my heart." Amen. Then in Jesus Christ's Name I condemn this enemy, that leaves the woman. Amen. God bless you. Go rejoicing. Amen. Isn't He wonderful? You believe that Christ will heal you? Yes, your son's mentally ill, isn't he? Wasn't that strange? But you got sinus trouble too, and nervous trouble that you want to get rid of also. Do you believe Jesus will make you well? Amen. See, I want you to know that all the time, passing by here visions was coming. I just didn't say nothing. Amen. Go and receive it, sister. In the Name of the Lord Jesus, receive it. Hallelujah. 56-1002E, Elisha The Prophet, Lane Tech High School, Chicago, IL, 111 min He's here. Have faith out there and see if He doesn't call you.

L-85 How do you do? Don't know you, lady. God knows you, don't He? Do you believe me to be His prophet? Do you believe that these people passed by here were actually blessed? What would you think of being healed then? Your faith, is that right? If God will prove to you, He's standing here on the platform... I never seen you, just a woman, come up here on the platform. If God will tell me what you're here for, will you believe me as His prophet? Will the rest of you believe me with all your heart? You're all nervous and upset about something. Yes, it's caused by death. That was your son-in-law, just killed recently. That's right. You're here for a person that you're praying for for salvation. That's your daughter. Yeah, and two other people. You got three handkerchiefs for people to be prayed for. Is that right? It's THUS SAITH THE LORD. Now, do you believe? O God of heaven, let Thy mercies rest upon her and bless these, in Jesus' Name. Amen. That's... Yes. Amen. Have faith. You believe? You seem to be all elated, little lady, setting there on the end of the seat. You believe me to be the servant of the Lord? You don't have a doubt in your mind? You believe God will heal you of that kidney trouble and make you well? What you weeping for, setting next to her, with the red dress on? Do you believe me to be God's prophet, little lady? If God will tell me what your trouble is, will you receive your healing? You'll believe? TB. You believe that Jesus will heal you?

L-86 The other little lady with your hand up. What do you think about it? Look at me here a minute. Do you believe me to be God's prophet? If God will reveal to me what your trouble is, will you receive it? You have kidney trouble too. That's right. What do you think little fellow, setting there, little bitty boy? What do you think about it? Do you believe me to be God's servant? If God will reveal to me what you want, or something another about you, will you accept it? You will? Got stomach trouble. That's right, isn't it? You want to be healed. Like to go back to Maryland and be made well, is that right? Uh-huh. That lady next to you is from Maryland also. The little lady with the red dress on is from Pennsylvania. That's right. This other lady's from Maryland. That's right too. You're all from out of town. That's right, isn't it? Raise your hands if that's right. What do you think, lady? You believe me to be God's servant? Do you believe the power of God is here? You believe that God will give you your desire? You believe that God is here, Christ, Who can reveal all things, the secrets of your heart as He promised He would in the Bible? Do you believe that? All right. You're awfully nervous, aren't you? And the reason you got nervous, then you got a stomach trouble from it. That's right. Because you're nervous. Say, by the way, as I look at you, I see a lot of water come floating in. You're worried about somebody overseas. It's up in a mountain country or way up in a rolling country. It's a Scandinavian; it's Norway. And it's a man. And it's your son, and he's in a hospital...?... seeing a face, and... It's yellow jaundice he's got, and he's in a hospital. That's right, isn't it? If that's right, raise your hands. THUS SAITH THE LORD. O God of heaven, send Your blessings and bless I pray, in Jesus' Name. Folks here, do you believe? Are you ready... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Witnesses
