Date: 1961-01-17
Title: The Messiah
Speaker: William Branham
Type: Sermon
Language: English
Venue: Life Tabernacle
Location: Shreveport, LA
Duration: 105 min
Source: livingwordbroadcast.org
DateCode: 61-0117

--- TRANSCRIPT ---

L-1 May be seated. It does seem like coming home to come back. We... Hearing back there from your pastor the wonderful things that the Lord has been doing here at the home church since I was here... Said you've almost had a constant revival of the outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Oh, isn't it wonderful to hit God's time, just right time? Just does something to us. Well, we've had one at the Tabernacle. I had a series of subjects, I was telling you, on the seven last church ages, and oh, my. When I finished up last Sunday with the 4th chapter of Revelations... My congregation was about--about four hundred people, or three hundred and fifty, something like that, and I...

L-2 While I was speaking, and had called the prayer line, and speaking on the reflection from the Shekinah glory to the stars, to the--stars, to the sea of glass, where the sacrifices was washed, you know, which represents sinners, the waters of separation... And while I was speaking on that, and turned then to pray for the sick, the Angel of the Lord came right down before them all, went right over and stood in the corner there. And three hundred or more people stood and looked at It for fifteen minutes, screaming, crying, and praising God. All of them looked. The first time It ever come like that before our church: just come right in, and moved right over there and stood there. I said, "Can you see it?" Everybody begin screaming and falling. And there it was--the big amber Light of the Pillar of Fire, just as perfectly round, standing there. Then It begin to shade Itself, and shaded every one of those church ages just exactly the way I taught them, in that Pillar of Fire. God knows that's the truth here before His Bible. That... He... We're living in the end time, surely.

L-3 Oh, I'm so glad that the prophet promised it would be light in the evening. In this hour that when it's so dark in the world, and to know that we are living and walking in the Light, the Light that He promised that He would do it... Promised He would, and here we are, the privileged people tonight, to enjoy those things at the end time. Now, remember, the church will not be... It will not be a great, great, big something. It's always, through every age, just in the minority, just a little... And during the Dark Age it almost went completely out. And then it goes almost out again in this age here, at the Laodicean Church Age. Brother Jack invited me down to preach those seven church ages sometime. I hope I get a chance to do it. Oh, we sure enjoyed it at home. How the Holy Spirit blessed us.

L-4 And now we're going over to Beaumont from here, and on into the west coast; and come back and going into Ohio, then down through Virginia, and North Carolina; coming back from there, going to Bloomington, Springfield, Chicago; then leaving there, and going to northern British Columbia, Fort St. John, and Grande Prairie, Dawson Creek, and through there. And hope to get back by June, the Lord willing, to... After six months then, to get back in time for the overseas, perhaps, the Lord willing, at that time.

L-5 Now, we're happy to be here tonight and see so many out, and shining faces, and hearts open, and... Just a wonderful time, isn't it? We are under expectations tonight; I am, that the Lord will make known to us tonight His power and glory, will show Himself to us. And whether He does or does not, then we will believe Him just the same.

L-6 I just left a little woman coming in from Germany. A few weeks ago she lost a baby. And she was standing near in California, once, where they brought in a little baby had been dead, died one morning about three or four o'clock. Parents had drove all day, and it was about three, four, five o'clock, yes, about six o'clock in the afternoon, the mother setting in the back of the car, holding this little cold form in her arms. And when they come to the place where I was at, San Bernardino, they took the little baby, brought it to where I was standing. And I said, "Oh, how long has the baby been dead?" She said, "Since this morning, early." And I picked up the little cold form. It was already stiffened. And these people standing around... I held it in my arms, 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min started praying to our precious Lord. I felt the baby was getting warm. Just kept holding it, just a few minutes, and it started kicking, crying. I handed it over to its mother. So then when...

L-7 Now, see, we don't make those things known. See? The thing of it is, there's too much--too much glamor today in our... We're--we're trying to have a big something to advertise something. No, it's not for that. The world will never receive it anyhow. He comes to the church. It's for the church, the--the people of God. These great glamorous things don't work in the Kingdom of God. People's going to be surprised when they find out who is the believers and who is not. Be like it was when John came. The first coming of Jesus there was Anna at the temple, and John the Baptist, and--and just a few that really was believers, really received it. Now, we're looking for His coming.

L-8 This little mother standing there, she'd... Her baby died over in Germany. Her husband's a chaplain. And they called up long distance about five times through a day and night to ask me to come, said they knowed that God would raise that little baby up. I said, "Let me go, pray," and I went and prayed, prayed that afternoon, that night. And I'll show you whether the doctors believe or not. When she'd already give the doctor my book to read, on... I believe, called, "Prophet Visits Africa," something like that. And when... She said, "God will raise the baby up." The little mother said, "God will raise the baby up." And the baby had been dead before they knowed it, about four or five hours. And so they got the father word down to the base where he was. And the baby had been dead, died in the night. And so the doctor said, "All right. Tell you what I'll do." Said, "I'll slip over and turn the oxygen back on." And he let that baby lay there for two days with the oxygen turned on it, waiting. And I was over here praying. They was going to fly me across with a jet. I could leave here with an Army jet and be back the same day, to Germany.

L-9 And one morning about daylight I got up, and the wife went out of the room, and... She went out of the room. I'd just wakened up, and I, laying there a little bit. Directly I heard Something coming into the room, and I looked. There was Something moving in the room. And I jumped up, and I said, "Lord, what would You have Your servant know." Said, "Do not rebuke that. That's the hand of the Lord." See? So I got her on the phone. I said, "No. God has called your baby." And so when she come over to see us, the night... Left her at the house when I left yesterday. She said, "What was it, Brother Branham? My--my weakness of faith?" I said, "You have great faith. You prayed for your baby. You and your husband held on to it, "God, raise that baby." And He refused to do it because He knows what's best. And still you love Him. That's real faith. Anybody, when mountains are moving and things can have faith. But let it go backwards one time, and see how it works. That's when you prove whether you got faith or not. Every son that cometh to God must be chastened and tried of God. So remember, our trials works patience, and patience works hope, and so forth. So we just hold on to God. Whether He blesses us or not, we are right there to believe Him anyhow, 'cause He's promised it. And to see how He does...

L-10 Now, before we approach the subject by reading of the Word... Because faith cometh by hearing, hearing the Word of God. And now I don't want to be too long, 'cause Brother Jack when he called me and asked to come by this way (which I was happy to do it), said they had some more sick folks wanted to be prayed for. So well, we thought we'd do that, then speak a little while to you before we pray for the sick folks. And I sent Billy down tonight. He said he give out prayer cards, so that if there was a big congested crowd, well, we would call them from prayer cards. And not, we don't have to have it. So before we approach His Word, let's approach Him just for a moment of prayer. Would there be any like to be remembered in this prayer tonight? God bless you. God answer your prayers. He knows your needs. Now, with your heads bowed, I wonder if there's a sinner man, or woman, boy, or girl would like to say, "Remember me, Brother Branham, before God tonight as you pray." Would you raise your hands? God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Many, all over the building, about ten or fifteen hands up, sinners. Some without the Light of God in their soul by the Holy Spirit, would you raise your hand, say, "Remember me, Brother Branham." God bless you. Oh, just hands everywhere.

L-11 Our heavenly Father, we are approaching Thy throne of grace and mercy. We come humbly in the Name of Jesus 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min because we are sure that He will hear us, for He said, "You ask the Father anything in My Name, I'll do it." So that's the promise, that we know that is true. No matter how much our unbelief hinders it, yet it's true. So we're believing tonight with all that is within us, that You're hearing us. We believe that You're here, and You will answer our prayers. Especially for those sinners who raised their hands, may they see the Light of God tonight. May this altar find them laying prostrate upon it, begging mercy for their sinful soul. Grant it, Lord. I pray for those that has not got the Holy Spirit in their life to guide them. May God come into that control tower tonight and take over, guiding their light and their life in this dark hour, when it's come to a time where nations don't know what to do. But Thou art the Way, the Truth, and the Life. We're so glad that we ever found You, Lord, years ago, so precious to our heart. You're a present Help in a time of trouble. I pray for them, each one, that they'll be filled with the Holy Ghost tonight. Bless the sick and the afflicted that's in the building and out of the building, convalescent, or wherever they may be. We pray for mercy for them, Father.

L-12 Now, we would ask You to bless the church; continue to bless it. We want to thank You for what You're doing for this local body here of believers, these sainted, godly people who fear Your Name, Lord, and believe You that You will come someday to receive us. Though we sleep in the dust, it shall not hinder, for the trumpet of God shall sound, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. We're going anyhow. Death cannot stop us. Nothing can hinder us from meeting Him. O God, we're so glad to have the Blood of Jesus applied to our souls, His Spirit dwelling within us. We pray now that You'll make every one of us citizens of the Kingdom tonight. God, heal the sick and the afflicted. Get glory to Thyself. And as we approach Thy Word now for a message to this waiting congregation, some waiting to be blessed, some waiting to be filled, some waiting to be healed, some waiting to be saved, let the Holy Spirit minister to every one of us, Lord, according to our needs. And my need deeply is now, Lord, is You. Come and speak, O God, and let the Holy Spirit move upon the Word as He moved on the water in the beginning, and say, "Let there be light," as the Word goes forth, for we ask it in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-13 In the reading, if you'd like to mark it... And I've been used the last few weeks to speaking and marking down portions of Scriptures, and I got about four pages of them here. I don't know how I would ever get to them. But, if you'd like to do it, why, you're more than welcome. I think sometimes now that the end is so nigh, I thought maybe I'd just teach a little on the subject. You might turn to Saint John the 1st chapter. And we would read the 1st Scripture out of the 1st chapter, and the 2nd Scripture reading out of the 4th chapter of Saint John. Saint John the 1st chapter and the 40th verse of the 1st chapter. We read down to the 43rd. And the 4th chapter, we begin at the 24th, 25th, and 26th verse. 1st chapter, 40th verse... One of the two which heard John speak, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother. He first finds his own brother Simon, and said unto him, We have found the Messiah, which is, being interpreted, the Christ. And he brought him to Jesus. And when Jesus beheld him, he said, Thou art Simon the son of Jonah: thou shalt be called Cephas, which is by interpretation, A stone. And the 24th verse of the 4th chapter we read this. God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. The woman said unto him, I know that Messiah cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tell us all things. Jesus said unto her, I that speak unto thee am he. I want to take five-lettered word from there for a text: M-e-s-s-i-a-s, Messias. I want my subject tonight to be around the word, "The Messiah." The word itself means "the Anointed One," or it could be used "the Anointed King." And it also means "Christ." But we're going to use it first in this thought of "the Anointed King."

L-14 It appears first in Genesis 3:15, if you want to put some Scriptures down, the promised seed of the woman, which was to be the anointed One. All through the Scriptures all the prophets speak of that coming One, the anointed King. I 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min like that word "anointed," God anointing One. And He was to be a King Who was to lead Israel to freedom from all the nations, and make them rulers over the nations. The anointed King was to do that. I believe that Jesus of Nazareth fulfilled every description that all the prophets spoke of to be the Messiah. I believe that in Isaiah 9:6... When Israel had asked for a sign, God said, "I'll give them an everlasting sign," a sign... an eternal sign, one that would be forever. Said, "A virgin shall conceive." That'll be a sign. "And that One that'll be borned of her, His Name shall be called Counselor, the Prince of Peace, the mighty God and the everlasting Father." And I believe that Jesus met every description of every promise that Jehovah made as the coming King and Messiah. No matter how greatly... Many believed that He was defeated in His work; He still is King. He is a King now. He's King of saints. Revelation says so, "Thou King of saints..." He has a Kingdom. Aren't you glad you belong in that dominion tonight, in the dominion of the Anointed One? Not only that, but He's made us kings and priests unto God, anointed ones unto God.

L-15 Now, although Jesus, meeting all these qualifications... And the Jews had read these promises for years. How did it ever slip up on them and slip by without them seeing it? Those theologians, so well read in the Scriptures, so particular about their Scriptures and yet they failed to see Him to be the anointed One. It sounds though it could not have happened. Looks like they would've knowed Him, so well versed. But God blinded their eyes. It shows that it was the hand of God. He was too plainly known. His signs of Messiah proved Him to be Messiah, proved Him to be the anointed One. And for them to miss it, it sure had to be the hand of God to blind them, that they did not miss it, or, where they would not have missed it, rather. And it's the same thing today. If the Gospel's hid, it's hid to them that are blind. And the only way that they can receive sight is through God.

L-16 Now, Isaiah 9:6, we just won't read it, but He was to be the everlasting Father, the mighty God. When God made man in Genesis 1:26, it shows (if you're putting that Scripture down, Genesis 1:26), it shows that God made man to be a god to begin with. Man was made to be a god, a lesser god. He was made in the image and likeness of God. He had hands like God; he had feet like God, eyes, ears, and intelligence like God, his whole fiber, because he was a son of God. And the--Jesus referred to him as god. Jesus said, "How can you condemn Me, saying, I'm the Son of God? Isn't it written in your law that ye are gods? And if they call those gods who the Word of God came to, how can you condemn Me when I say, I'm the Son of God?" He was referring to the prophets, the anointed ones, lesser anointed. Jesus was so anointed that He was more than a prophet. Jesus was so anointed till He was the Fullness of the Godhead bodily. He was God. The prophets had the same kind of anointing, only in a lesser condition. And in Genesis 1:26, when God made man, He made him a god, because He gave him a dominion, and he had rulership. He had power over the birds of the air, the cattle, over the winds, the waves, the--the fishes of the sea, everything. He had dominion over everything. He was a ruler, anointed a ruler, because he was in the likeness and in the image of God with an earthly domain. That's why the Bible says the earth is groaning, crying, waiting, for the manifestation of the Sons of God. The world is waiting for the man to come back into his right estate.

L-17 Now, he is made in the image and likeness of God. That makes his... When God made him, God give him some of His Spirit, part of His Life, and he's in the likeness and the image of God. Therefore, like here in the... Man in his natural condition, the way we are now, you can see that he's much more than an animal, as they try to say we are; because man, in his fallen estate, yet being a fallen son of God, he still can better himself. He has an intelligence. He builds himself a better house, living conditions. He makes himself better travel conditions. He can speed himself through the air now at nineteen hundred miles an hour in a jet plane, or rocket. And he's--he's made himself so he can almost travel around the world just in twenty-four hours. Just send a like satellite in the air above the space of where the air is a turning (the orbit of the world), and stand still, and watch the world pass under him; and go completely around in twenty-four hours, just standing still at one place. Go up in the air and stand there, come right back down and be home again, just standing above the--the revolving earth, where the earth is pulling its current around, making the winds and so forth, the current. The world turning about, around about close to twenty-five hundred miles an hour. No, I'll say about eleven hundred miles an hour. It's twenty-five hundred miles around it and it's going around every twenty-four hours. It'd be pretty near eleven hundred 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min miles an hour. And he goes up in the air and defies that, stands above gravitation, and stands there and watch the world pass around under him. He's smart, intelligent. And he's--he's made up in the image and the likeness of God, and in him is Light.

L-18 Now, for instances when a man gets saved, he's just about like... The Light that comes into him is about like this little white button on my shirt. That's when God comes into the inner part of a man. In the inner part of a man or... A man is made up in the system of a tabernacle: in the outer courts, then holy place, and the holiest of holies; the Shekinah glory on the inside, the veil. Now, on the outside gates of a man is his five senses that enters to his body. On the inside, which is his soul, or the... The--the soul is the nature of the spirit that's on the inside of his heart; produces his soul, which makes the atmosphere around him. He has also five entrances. Then on the inside he has only one gate, one entrance to go into the Shekinah glory, where God can enter into him and take over in the control tower. And that way is through self-will. Whether you will to or not, that's up to you. But that's the only avenue that's open to the man that God can come into his heart, is by self-will. Puts him right back like Adam and Eve on free moral agency again. You can choose right or wrong, either one you want to.

L-19 Now, self-will... Then God comes into the man, into the heart, which is the spirit. Then the spirit makes the soul, and then the soul dwells in the body. Now, when a man is converted, say, just like that little white button starts in his heart. Now, that part is God. God... When he's born again with the Spirit of God, God's Spirit dwells in him. Now, as... He can let that Spirit grow and take out all the roots of bitterness, and press God's way through him again; he can become back in the same condition that he was when he was in the garden of Eden. Jesus said in Mark 11:24: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, if you say to this mountain, 'Be moved,' and don't doubt in your heart, but believe that what you have said will come to pass, you can have what you said." That puts him right back supreme again. It puts him right back in the condition.

L-20 Now, we're made up of light meters. Inside of us is cosmic light. Now, that cosmic light is a light that they can take an x-ray with. The x-ray doesn't come from the x-ray light; it comes from your own light. And then if that cosmic light, say, could be pushed to a place to where not cosmic light but Eternal Light... God could dwell supremely, to do our thinking, do our walking, do our talking, then it's no longer the man; it's God in the man. (I suppose I'm deafening you by this thing, 'cause I hear it rebound. It's got an awful voice. It isn't me; it's this. Now, see, lay it onto that.) Now, he's got Light, Life. Eternal Life is the Light of God that dwells in the man. And if he will yield to the Spirit, more he becomes unman-sinner-like, and becomes more God-like.

L-21 Here not long ago they took an x-ray of a man praying for a sick man ("Reader's Digest" wrote it up), and found out a ray of light coming from one of the men (not all of them), but one of the man's hands reflected a ray of light when they put a piece of lead foil beneath the man's hand. I guess you read it yourself. In England they turned "the healers" (they called them) loose to all the hospitals, and there was eighty percent more healing done by Divine healing than medical cures had performed. "Reader's Digest" picked it up over here. That was in "Newsweek," and "Reader's Digest" picked it up and tried it. And they find that there is a ray of light. When this man sincerely, not knowing they were doing it, put his hands upon a man and prayed an earnest prayer, they was putting the x-ray down, and found out a light coming from his hand. God knew what He talked about when He said, "Lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." He knows what He was speaking of. Oh, I want to see the church press into that place where it can come like God wants it to be.

L-22 Then when God was made flesh and became the Messiah, then if we can yield ourselves to be the anointed like He was, we become Messiahettes, little Lights. That's what the church is supposed to be: lights, little anointed ones. That's God's church. His standing Light is the Light of Messiah, risen Christ in His people, the anointed ones, carrying forth His Light into all the church ages. Sometimes It almost goes completely out; then It comes back again. God's anointed One, God's Messiahic church... If Messiah means "the anointed One," and means "King," then if the church is anointed by the 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min Messiah Spirit, it becomes a lesser but still a Messiah; because it has His Light, reflecting His power, reflecting His glory, reflecting His dominion. So it is Messiah. Oh, how it reflects Him in His Kingdom in His domain. The trouble today, we've organized the church to death, and we got organization instead of Messiah Light. We've got Russellite, proselyte, and all other kinds of light. But we need Messiah Light, what the church needs today: the Light of the Messiah. Oh, I love Him for His goodness.

L-23 Now, that is true. God called Messiahs... God called us, and we become kings and priests unto God. Like Jesus was God's High Priest, we become a lesser priest. Jesus was... God in Fullness dwelt in Him to shine forth the expression of God to the world, for God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. And as God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself, God comes into His church and anoints Him some Messiahettes. Oh, my. Do you see it? The same things He did is in His church. The same power He had is in His church. And His church becomes His dominion, and He's King over this dominion, and we are kings and priests, offering spiritual sacrifices to God, the fruits of our lips giving praise to His Name. Amen. Oh, my. There you are: Messiahettes, Messiahettes, little messiahs, little anointed ones. Anointed off of what? The main One, anointed off of the great One.

L-24 Oh, when Jesus was on earth they could not deny Him being Messiah, because He did the signs of the Messiah. The Jews was blinded, and that's the reason they didn't see Him and see His signs as Messiah. That's what's the matter with the church tonight: it's blinded. The outside world, they can't see it, because the god of this earth has blinded their eyes to the things that are spiritual. Oh, if we could only understand... Jesus went about and did the signs of the Messiah, and the people blasphemed Him. And if they blasphemed the great anointed King, Messiah, how much more will they call them of His household, of His Kingdom? Beelzebubs, and whatevermore they called Him, they call you worse than that: "Holy-roller, holy-jumper," something another. They always got a scandal name for it, because it comes from the devil. And they called them of His household, He said, more than they... If they called Him that, what would they call them of His household? But still it makes just the same.

L-25 Now, you say, "Now, Brother Branham, Jesus had the sign of the Messiah. How do we know what was the sign?" Well, when He come... The Bible said that when the Messiah come, He would be a--a prophet, and would show signs of the prophet. Any Scripture teacher knows that. Moses said, "The Lord your God shall raise up a prophet liken unto me." And those... When He performed those signs of showing Himself, like in the--chapter 4 here, when He told the woman she had five husbands, she said, "Sir, I perceive that Thou art a prophet. We know that when the Messias comes, He will tell us all things." He said, "I am He that speaks to you." She ran into the city and told all the men of the city, "Come, see a Man Who told me the things I've done. Isn't this the very Messiah?" Jesus said Himself, "If I do not the works of My Father, then believe Me not. If I claim to have the anointing, and do not the works of God, 'cause I am anointed by Him, with Him... It's not Me that doeth the works. That's... The Father dwelleth in Me. He doeth the works. And if I do not them works, then don't believe Me. But if I do them, believe them."

L-26 Now, that was for Messiah. For Messiahettes, the church, here it comes. Are you ready? Saint John 14:12, Jesus said, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he do also": Messiahettes. That's right. Messiahettes, the representation of Messiah on earth yet... Mark 16, He said, "Go ye into all the world and preach the Gospel. These signs shall follow (the Messiahettes): He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned, and these signs shall follow them that believe." How far? To all the world. Who to? Every creature. Oh, I'm so glad. How are you going to rub that out? Said, "It's just only to the disciples." To the disciples? He said, "To all the world, and to every creature. These signs shall follow them that believe."

L-27 I wonder where people that don't believe in signs and wonders following the believers... How would you ever read 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min the history of the church and think it ceased with the apostles? In the church ages... I read the Nicene Fathers, the Nicene Council, oh, all the ancient writers I could think of, reading Hislop's "Two Babylons" and many of the other ancient books. And all the way down to the early Catholic church... Down for the first six hundred years after Christ, there was Irenaeus, St. Martin, Columba, and all of those; every one of those saintly men. They preached the baptism in the Name of Jesus Christ. They preached the remission of sins. They preached speaking in tongues. They raised the dead; they healed the sick. Signs and wonders followed them plumb on to the Dark Ages, and through the Dark Ages. There's been a little minority all the way down, keeping that Gospel Light shining. What was it? Messiahettes, ones holding forth the representation of the Messiahic Kingdom. Jesus never failed. He did just exactly what He was commissioned to do. And He come to establish a Kingdom, and He did it. The Kingdom of God comes into the heart by the power of the Holy Ghost, brings God's Spirit upon anointed church to perform signs and wonders as He did, to prove that Messiah is King of His Kingdom. Amen. I feel like shouting a little bit myself now.

L-28 Oh, when there's so many people with a card out, "Come join us, come join this, and come join this," and, "We got the biggest; we got this; we got the most expensive." What difference does that make? All of that is folly and will perish. But the Kingdom of God is established in the heart and soul of a man by a revelation of Jesus Christ. And He said, "Upon this rock I'll build My church, and the gates of hell cannot prevail against it." Upon this revelation, and to have a revelation you become a believer, and believing, these signs shall follow them that believe.

L-29 You see what Messiah is? Messiah is the Kingdom of God, anointed ones, them anointed with the same Spirit He was anointed with. One said to him one day, "Will my sons set at the right and left hand?" He said, "Can you drink the cup that I drink? Can you be baptized with the baptism that I'm baptized with?" She said, "Yea." And He said, "You will. But the Kingdom, to sit right and left hand is not Mine to give." So it showed that we could drink the same cup of persecution, be called Beelzebub or whatever it might be, and still be baptized with the same Spirit He's baptized with. So if He was called Messiah, which He was, because He was anointed with that Holy Spirit... And any church that's anointed with the same Holy Spirit is a Messiahette, a littler, smaller, god. And someday when this body is resurrected, I hope beforehand that God can get a hold of a bunch of people that'll manifest His power in every dimension that it's supposed to be in. Messiah, anointed One, a King to deliver, a King... You're kings and priests, kings to bring in, priests to minister to, a Messiah. His signs was to follow in all ages, reflecting His Light, His Presence with His Kingdom people.

L-30 Now, don't--you don't have to die to get this. You have to spiritually die, but you don't have to physically die. The inside is where God gets in to control you. And He--as He presses Hisself forward in you, don't let any root of bitterness, hatred, malice, strife... That'll--that'll run Him right back again. Just get all the meanness, and the superstitions, and all the--the unbelief out of you. And every time you move out a little unbelief, God steps right in and takes over. Move out unbelief...

L-31 He told Joshua, "Everywhere the soles of your foot has set, that I give to you." And tonight, as we enter into the Kingdom, God's Kingdom, taking out all the Philistine unbelievers, and all the Amorites, and the Amalekites, and whatevermore, throw it out of us like that, we take possession. Amen. I like that. Say, "Days of miracles is past." "You Amorites, get out of me. I've put a footprint there; I've took over." "There's no such a thing as--as seeing visions." "Get out of there, you Amalekite. I'm coming over." There you are. You're pressing out. From that little button is taking over the fibers of you, spreading out, God working through you, in you, around you.

L-32 No wonder Elijah laid his body upon that dead baby and it come to life. It was God in that man. God had took over. 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min He was anointed. Jesus said he was. Every prophet of God in the Old Testament was anointed with the Holy Ghost. They were. Then they were lesser Lights. He was the Fullness of God, being Messiah. They was Messiahettes then, smaller Messiahs, for they were anointed with the same Spirit that He was anointed with, only He had It in the Fullness. And every man today that's received the true baptism of the Holy Ghost is anointed with the same Spirit that Jesus of Nazareth was, that went about doing good and healing the sick. Oh, my. That makes me feel good to know that He lives today. There's something about a man. He is a god. He was made to be a god. His purpose here on earth was to be a god, to have a dominion over everything in the earth. Oh, my. Now, don't let that stagger you, 'cause I got some more Scriptures wrote down here. See?

L-33 Here the other night I saw on a telecast of a man with psychic mental faith set a glass of water and stood back and kept concentrating on that glass of water till it bursted it, just by concentration, watching that glass of water. And the glass cracked and the water run out: just pure mental consecration. Why? That's his fibers. That's his makeup. If he can do that--got a power in him by mental thinking that can break a glass of water, and him being a sinner, that shows that there was something made in that man. He's in a fallen--fallen, perverted condition. But if that man can only get back to God, and let God get into him, why, with that power turned loose of the Kingdom of God... He didn't have no conductor. He was like a shotgun. He just splattered every way. But if that spirit that's in a man could be converted, and put Christ in there, where he's got a conductor... A conductor is a wire that conducts it. Amen. And let a man with that same faith in the conductor of the Word of God, he can raise the dead, cleanse the lepers, cast out devils. Amen. He's fashioned like a god. He looks like God. Sure was. That's the reason God was man, man was God. And this is His offsprings: man. He's only trying to get a hold of man, trying to get man into His hand.

L-34 Now, not conductors... Now, not all theology is the right kind of conductor, you know. There's a lot of theology that's an insulator from it. Got a lot of churches says, "The days of miracles is past; there's no such thing as Divine healing; only devils speak in tongues." Now, that's an insulator. You don't want nothing like that. Get away from that. Get back to the Word. The Word is God's conductor. A man that believes in God's Word, has God's Word, stands as high as these buildings around here when he walks out on it. It's the boss. It conducts the man. It conducts the spirit. When in there... A man's made up to have a great faith. What makes...? I've preached here at this tabernacle some time ago on "Thirsting For Life." What makes a woman want to get out here and rock-and-roll? What makes a boy, young teen-age kid, want to do that? And not only that, but grandpa and grandma? What do they do it for? What makes them go out here? Why does people want to act the way they do? Is because they were made to thirst for something and... They was made to thirst, but to thirst after God. And they're trying to hush that holy thirst by letting the devil pile what he calls pleasures on it. You'll never, never, never satisfy it till God comes in and takes control of you. You can dance; you can drink; you can commit adultery; you can do whatever you want to; and you'll wake up headache, and someday in hell. But the reason you do that is because you were made in the image of God to thirst after God. God wants to get in there. God wants to let His Word come into you and use it as a conductor. "God said so." Like Abraham... "God said you're going to have a baby." "How do you know you're going to have it?" "God said so." "You're a hundred years old, how can you have it?" "God said so." He was anointed. Amen. He was anointed. And he had the Word, and the Word was anointed to him. It was a conductor to lead him to the baby.

L-35 Any man or woman tonight will take that same Word of God... "By his stripes we were healed." Let the anointing, the Messiah, come upon you; that conductor will lead you right straight to your healing. It'll lead you to salvation. Oh, I just love it. That's what it'll do, 'cause you were made to thirst, made for God. And the devil tries to pervert you, make you think 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min you're having a good time out here, keep you blinded like he does, did the Jews, until the time that you cross the separating line. And then you're finished. It's about where this nation is today, and not only this one but others. The world won't believe it. The Bible said in II Timothy 3, that in the last days here that they would be heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God; truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, and despisers of those that are Messiahettes; traitors, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God; having a form of godliness.

L-36 Don't you never look for this big, high-type evangelism and thing to do anything. That's not God's way of doing it. He came to His own. His own received Him not. See? He was small. He didn't... Why, He lived right there in Palestine all of His life nearly, and I'd say eighty percent of the people never knowed He was there. But He's sent to the church. He was sent to the people that He was going to receive. He knowed His own; His own knows Him. "My sheep know My voice." Don't let that go over, Shreveport. Please. Hold that. "My sheep know My voice by My Word. My Word, if it's taught and don't declare the same thing that I did, then it's the wrong conductor."

L-37 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Messiahship. So has the eagle has got it. We know that. And now, we say in the man, the man... Before I leave that subject... The man, what is he? He's got a hand like God, got eyes like God, got ears like God, got a body like God. He was fashioned after God. He was given an earth and a dominion. He was made god over the earth to rule the earth, a lesser god. God rules the universe, everything. But man was given the earth, to rule the earth. He was a--he was a Messiahette. That's what he is tonight if he gets back to God. He is a Messiahette, a little Messiah. If He had... If "Messiah" means "anointed one," and you're anointed, then what are you? That's exactly right: a Messiahette. We call it that just for the Word's sake till we get a little farther down in the Scripture to it. All right.

L-38 Did you ever think of this? Let me just ask you something. Look at me a minute. This is my hand; that's my finger; this is my ear; this is my nose; but who's me? That's not me. That's something belongs to me. See? This is my hand, but who is me that owns the hand? See, this is just a house I'm living in. What kind of... Well, there's got to be something in there called "me." "Me's" got to be somewhere, because this is mine. You see it? "Me" is somebody, because I own something. I have a hand. It's mine. Well, who's "me" that that belongs to? That's your spirit. Well, it depends on what kind of a spirit that is. Who you yield your members to, that's whose servant you are.

L-39 And now, if you can crack a glass of water because that you have a telepathy, a mental conception, and a certain power that you can put off by being a human being, a power of mental force that's unseen and unknown of only through that cycle... If you could bust a glass of water... But that kind of a spirit--a human perverted, damned spirit, because you were fashioned in the image of God, what can you do when you let the God that fashions you come into you and control you? Amen. You can bring every promise of God to pass. Yes, sir. Every promise God promised will come to pass. All right. God's gift is His Word. God promised, made a gift, sent a gift. You take the gift, and then with His Word, there's your conductor. With a gift of God... If God give you the gift of the Holy Ghost (You believe that?), well, the Word of God is a conductor to use that power with. Whatever the Holy Ghost promised you, that's what you can do.

L-40 See, that's the thing that delivers the Word. The Word goes right out, and the Holy Spirit follows the Word. Wherever the Word's preached... You see your pastor preach it. First thing you know, "whew," [Brother Branham makes a blowing sound--Ed.] across the building goes the Holy Ghost. See? That's right. It's the conductor of the Word. The Word goes... or, the Word is the conductor of the Spirit, because where the Word is preached, the Spirit follows it. Wherever it goes, why, the Spirit follows the Word. Oh, I like that. I like sound Bible teaching, and the Bible Holy Ghost coming back confirming Bible teaching. If the Holy Ghost doesn't confirm it, then you got your wires crossed. You got a ground somewhere. Yes, sir. If you can get that Word hooked up to the dynamo, that great thing that puts out the fullness of the current, He will just--He will just set that little wire afire for you. That's right. And it'll do things for you. 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min

L-41 When John the Baptist came forth, he was--he was--he was part of the Word. He was like a Messiahette. He was--he was ordained of God by the Word. He was a gift of God that came to the world. Do you believe that? Isaiah 40 said he was the voice of one crying in the wilderness. And when he come and got in his position to cry in the wilderness, he was perfectly fearless with it. Amen. Yes, sir. Brother, now look what--how great he was. Now, when God spoke of John coming, why, He said all the mountains skipped like little rams, the leaves clapped their hands, and the high places was made low, and the low place was made high. I imagine the theological interpretation of that was, "Holy brethren, someday God will pull back the corridors of heaven, drop down Jacob's ladder, and there'll be a mighty prophet walk down out of the air; and an angelic escort coming with Him, coming down to the earth. And he will step down in the yard right here now, with the temple, where the holy temple is. And if Caiaphas is high priest, he will say, 'Your Honor, sir, I've come down.'"

L-42 Oh, my. What happened? When he come, there was an old fuzzy-faced guy coming out of the wilderness, piece of sheepskin wrapped around him, probably never took a bath every three months, walking out there, standing in mud up to his knees, and said, "Repent, for the Kingdom of heaven is at hand." That's when the mountains skipped like little rams. That's when the leaves clapped their hands. That's when the high places was made low and the low places made high. What--what man calls great, God calls foolish. I wonder if some of our greatness of evangelism today, if God don't call it a bunch of foolishness--trying to flower up big, somebody's, stuffed shirts and everything. I just wonder what God thinks about it. Why, He'd have... It ain't...

L-43 This--this Gospel ain't going to shake the world. It's not world shaking; it's church shaking. It shakes the church. Right now in these last few years, the church has been shook like it never... And the world knows nothing about it. It wasn't supposed to shake the world. They're dead anyhow. You can't shake them old dead carcasses out there. They're twice dead, plucked up by the roots. How can you do it? "Well, I belong to So..." "Well, go ahead and belong to it." See? You can't shake them. "Well, grandmother did so-and-so." That's... No matter what grandmother done, what's God doing now? This is the Light. Walk in it. Grandmother lived in her days. It was all right, but you can't live in her life. Why don't you wear her clothes then, sister? Maybe that was just a little too rank, but... No, you want to take her church, but you won't wear her clothes.

L-44 All true prophets of God call out against sin. All anointed ones do. That's true. They do. And God keeps His Word to every one. He always does. God will take you... That is, you'll receive every promise if you go through the Pentecostal clearing house. You know, you write a check; they won't pay that check till it goes through the clearing house. It's got to go through the--the clearing house; then the check is paid off. And when you say you repented, and you're ready to go through God's Pentecostal clearing house, God will pay off with every gift He promised. Amen. Try Acts 2:38 one time, and see if that's His clearing house. You know, Paul mentioned to people in Acts 19 hadn't been through the clearing house yet. Yeah. He said... Oh, they was having great joy, but said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" Said, "Didn't know whether there be any." Said, "How was you baptized?" Said, "We've been baptized all right." Said, "How? To what? Said, "Unto John's." Said, "That won't work. You got to go through the clearing house. God's done fixed up His bank to pay off these promises with."

L-45 Peter said on the day of Pentecost, "These promises is to you and your children and them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." And when they met Acts 2:38, God honored the check, went through the clearing 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min house, and here it come back. They begin to speak in tongues and prophesy, magnify God. And God... When a believer signs his name as a believer and passes through God's Pentecostal clearing house with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, God will pay off every promise and everything else. His bank is good. His promises are real.

L-46 Everything's signed in Jesus' Name. Can't sign no other way: won't work. He don't know no titles; He only knows the Name. Amen. You believe that? Certainly it is. Yes, sir. Just His Name is the only thing He... He said, "Ask the Father anything in My Name." Now, don't you go putting four or five different names on there. He don't know nothing about it. The check comes back. You'll get a bogus invitation. But whenever you pass through the clearing house... God will let you know whether it comes through the clearing house or not. "What you ask it shall be given. If ye abide in Me and My words in you, ask what you will (John 15) it'll be given unto you." Right. Then you have the anointing. Them's the Messiahs--Messiahettes, rather, the little Messiahs. The same gift that was upon Him... He obeyed the Word and when He come to fulfill the Word, then God... He was the Messiah. He was--He was Jesus when He was born. But when the Holy Ghost came upon Him after His baptism, He was anointed with God. God was in Him, 'cause He come to fulfill the Word.

L-47 When you come to this altar, come here to fulfill God's Word on your invitation of "whosoever will, let him come." Don't come signing, "Well, Lord, if You'll heal me of this stomach ache, I believe I'll serve..." Don't come like that. Come, tell Him you're a rascal. You're no good. You want to be filled with the Holy Ghost, and you're no good at all. You don't deserve nothing, deserve to die and go to hell. But because He invited you to come, "I'm coming, Lord. Nothing in my arms I bring; simply to Thy cross I cling." There you are. He's going to honor that then. There's a pool of water right downstairs. See if He don't take care of His Word. He always does, when it goes through His clearing house. But it's got to come through the clearing house. When a man says he believes Jesus, accepts Him as his personal Saviour, God gives Him a checkbook: anything he wants to ask, and down at the bottom, if he will just sign Jesus' Name to it. Don't go down there with no other one, 'cause it won't work. See? You got to go through the real Pentecostal clearing house. And when it does, then your check will be recognized, and God's promises He always pays off. Every one of His Messiahettes receive their mark back.

L-48 We're living in the last days, at the closing age, the Laodicean Age, one of the darkest ages that's ever been since the Dark Ages, a more hypocritical age right now than there was then. They had no Light at all. Twilight is a deceiving hour. Anyone knows in travel, you better slow down a little bit when twilight comes. Is that right? We're to have a messenger in this twilight. Did you know that? God promised it at the Laodicean Age. I was reading in the Scriptures the other day up in the mountain. I was reading there, and the Holy Spirit told me to go up to a certain tree and stand there. He wanted to speak to me. I stood there for a half hour. He never said nothing. I laid down under this oak tree, and laid myself out. I said, "Lord, You spoke to me about a mile up here, and said come up here on the mountain here (this Sportsman's Hollow, as I called it), and You'd speak to me. Then He showed me, when He opened up Malachi, the 4th chapter. And I said... "Behold the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, burn up the proud..." (If you want to put it down, Malachi 4.) And He said, "It shall burn the proud, and the--and the righteous shall walk out upon the ashes of the wicked." Well, then... And He said, "Behold I send to you Elijah the prophet before the great and terrible day of the Lord shall come; it shall... And He will turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children of the fathers, or the children's hearts to the fathers."

L-49 Well, I said, "That was right. I believe that." Jesus said when the disciples asked Him that, they said, "Well, why did the...?" When He was claiming to be the Messiah, said, "Why does the scribes say that Elias must first come?" Jesus said, "He's already come, and you didn't know him." And then they understood that He spoke of John the Baptist. How many ever heard that? Well, my, you all have read the Bible. John the Baptist... But remember, that wasn't the 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min Elijah that He spoke of of the last days, 'cause the world never burnt and the millennium set in. Watch the Scripture. Watch the reading of it. Turn to Malachi 4 just a minute. Watch there. I never knew that before. I never try to speak anything until the Holy Spirit comes first to reveal it. Watch, Malachi 4:5... Behold, I will send to you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great... day of the Lord... (that great terrible day that He will burn the earth): And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to the fathers,...

L-50 Watch. The first time Elijah come, he turned the hearts of the fathers, the old patriarch fathers (See?), back there, the old Jews, to the faith of the children that'd just received Him, and believed of the coming Messiah. "Turned the hearts of the fathers to the children, and (a conjunction, tying the sentence together, when He comes the second time) the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers." Hallelujah. There you are. So how can the evening Light be anything but back to Acts again? Right. When He said before that day comes, that'll burn the earth like an oven and the righteous will walk out upon their ashes... Oh, brother, we are looking for a Light to come. It's here. And remember, when this Elijah comes... I'll give you some of his description. When Elijah comes, that's the messenger to the Laodicean church Age. We find Elijah coming before... Remember, Elijah was the one that went up on a chariot, never tasted death. And the message of this great messenger that'll come in this closing day in the Laodicean church Age, the Pentecostal Age, will be the one that'll take the church to the rapture. Exactly. He was raptured himself, and he will come with the church to the rapture.

L-51 And remember again... I'll give you some of the descriptions of this man. He will be a woman hater. He sure will. Look at--look what he was on Elijah: Jezebel. Look on John: Herodias. See? Another thing, he will be firmly against denominations. Look at Elijah; look at John. "Don't think to say within yourself we have Abraham to our father. God's able of these stones to rise children to Abraham." He will hate denominations; he will hate immoral women. He will be a man in the wilderness, that lives in the wilderness, coming forth with his Message. And he will bring the hearts of the people... Oh, there's been a hundred Elijah's come up in the last days: Alexander Dowie, and so many in the world today saying they're Elijah, they're Elijah of the day. Elijah will go back to the original Pentecostal Ephesus church, and bring that same Message to the people with signs of the Messiah. The Bible said so.

L-52 He said, "There'll come a day that won't be a day. But in the evening time it shall be light." Is that right? Now, look. The sun rises in the east. Now, this is... You say, "This has been a day that the... We are children of the Gospel day." This has been a day of darkness to the children. The morning Star only herald the coming then: right vice versa from what it is literally; because the morning Star that rose back there is the morning Star that hails the coming of the Son, and one hails the going of the Son. The natural sun was leaving when that Star hailed his, and the Gospel was just coming in. We are children of the Light, but we're... The world is in darkness now. The church has been through the darkest age--it went through the Dark Ages. But the evening Star--the evening star is the one that heralds the Light. The evening Star is the one hails the Light to the church. The church has just been living in the minority, just way down low, just a little group. But finally the day will--that trumpet of God shall sound and the day will break eternal. The day break is coming, and this great one Spirit of God that'll come upon somebody in these last days, that'll herald this Message, will bring the hearts of the children back to the Pentecostal fathers.

L-53 And how was the Book of Acts wrote? Start reading it. Look how we've contaminated it with all kinds of foolish things of our own. But there'll be someone come someday: a Light, before the going out, this open door that's set before the church. Watch and see if it doesn't come some of these days. God will send the Elijah. Just as certain as I'm standing in this pulpit, He will send; and that Elijah will shake the people right straight back to the original Pentecostal doctrine. Now, start out at Pentecost and see how it was. See what they did. See if it'll be shaking hands. And it'll be right straight back. And when Peter preached on the day of Pentecost up there, when they was all filled with the Holy Ghost and speaking in other tongues, these men said, "Now, what can we do to get it?" 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min Peter said, "Repent, every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is to you and to your children, them that's far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." That was the original Pentecostal Light. Now, that's the morning Star, and the evening Star is to reflect the same Light back again. He will cry with a voice in the wilderness of the approaching Messiah. He will also show--show the signs of the coming Messiah. He will be a prophet of God, a great man. And when he comes, watch what he will do. The Bible speaks that he will do this.

L-54 Also before the day comes there's got to be a time come into the church to fulfill what Jesus said: "As it was in the days of Sodom, so will it be in the coming of the Son of man." Sodom, the world is in the Sodom condition. We all know that. Is that right, church? The world's in a Sodom condition. Now, watch. What kind of a message did Sodom receive? They had a modern Billy Graham that went down and preached to the intellectuals. Just a couple was pulled out, and they was in disgrace and brought disgrace, and the wife turned to a pillar of salt: looking back. Now, notice that. One Angel stood out with Abraham. The Angel that stayed with Abraham (not knowing who he was, supposedly), after He said, "Abraham, where is your wife, Sarah?" Said, "She's in the tent behind you." The Bible said it was in--she was in the tent behind the Angel. And He said, "I'm going to visit you according to the time of life. I promised you that baby. I'm going to see that you get it." And Sarah laughed within herself. And when she did, the Angel of the Lord said, "Why did Sarah laugh?"

L-55 Now, He said that would take place before the coming of the Lord. "As it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be in the coming of the Lord." Do you see, friends? It's going to reflect the same kind of a Light that the morning Star reflected. And he's going to do what? Call the children back to the faith of the fathers, the Pentecostal fathers. Paul, Silas, John, Mark, Irenaeus, St. Martin, Columba, all those, those great martyrs that preached this Gospel and held to it, stayed directly with it and was pushed out. When the great classical bunch begin to want an organization... You notice in the Bible there it said, "the deeds of the Nicolaitanes." Then what was the deeds in one church age, become a doctrine. You know what "Nico" means? I looked it up. "Nico" means "conquer, overcome." Overcome what? The laity, when all the holiness goes into some man, just some man alone. He's the only one that's holy, and he's the one... The church can live any way they want to and make confessions to him. Huh! The Holy Ghost is for whosoever will, laity and all. It isn't God's will for it to just be a holy man. It's the Holy Ghost amongst a people that's borned again, showing signs and wonders, that same church. That evening Star will reflect the same Light the morning Star did.

L-56 But look, when it's come there'll be a time, He said, "That'll be not either night or day." You can't tell it hardly, a dismal day, like we've been having, rainy in our country, dismal. "But in the evening it shall be light." The evening Light will come. Well, the evening Light, the sun in the evening is the same sun that rises in the morning. The evening light is to reflect the same light the sun reflected at morning. It's just the setting of the sun and the rising of the sun. You see it? Now, we're in the evening time. Oh, thanks be to God for the evening Light, reflecting His promise, fulfilling it.

L-57 Now, the world's in a Sodom condition. Oh, His eaglets... I got here, where I preached on that one time, the morning Lights, the morning Star, the same message. It's been evening for a long time now. It's a dismal time, so a dangerous time. Remember, twilight is the most dangerous time of all; traveling, you have to watch. And this is the most dangerous day you ever lived in. The Bible said in Matthew 24 that, "It would come to pass in the last days till it would deceive the very elected if possible." I heard Billy Graham say the other day in a message; he said, "The elected is already deceived." No, no. The elected ain't going to be deceived. No, no. They won't be. No. church members will, but not the elected. They was chosen from the foundation of the world. They cannot be deceived. It's impossible, said Hebrews 6. They will not be deceived. But it's a dangerous time and for--for the church in this evening time, because there... Look, they'll go to church, and almost be just exactly like Pentecostal believers. You'll... They'll shout, dance, speak with tongues, and everything else: so close that would deceive the very elected if possible. But remember, the only way where you know that you're right 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min is follow the Conductor, the Word. It brings forth the absolute truth. See? Keep on the Conductor, just be filled with it. Yes, sir.

L-58 Now, we find out that this Laodicean church, the church age that we're in now (if you want to read it, Revelations the 3rd chapter), we see what--what done--what taken place when this message is supposed to go forth? The church had been so worldly, and organized itself, till they organized its very God right out of it. The most pathetic Scripture I ever seen is Hebrew--is Revelations the 3rd chapter, when--at the Laodicean church Age: Jesus standing on the outside of His own church, knocking, trying to get back in. At the first church He was walking among the seven golden candlesticks, the church ages. But in the Laodicean He was on the outside, trying to get back in His own church. It shows what this age has done to Him. They've organized Him out. They've organized His doctrine out. They've organized His Bible out. They got a book of creeds, of philosophies and so forth that they read and accept it instead: cold confessions, instead of letting God come in and make a Messiahette out of them, give them the baptism of the Holy Ghost to show signs and wonders. They organized it all out, pushed Him over to one side. Now, He's on the outside, making His last plea, trying to get back in again at the door. "Behold I stand at the door and knock," the Laodicean church Age, trying to get back in His own church where they pressed Him out. Isn't that pitiful? That's the most pathetic thing I can think of: of Him in His own church, giving His life for that church, and doing the way that they did. And sent the Light to the church, and said He did, and they rejected it end pushed Him on the outside, accepted some kind of a creed or something the church had made up. And there He is, standing at the outside trying to get in.

L-59 Now, let me just in closing say this, 'cause it's getting too late. I got about twenty more Scriptures wrote down here, but I won't get to them. Let me say this. Did you notice? On the outside of the church... Are you listening? Say, "Amen." [Congregation says, "Amen"--Ed.] On the outside of the church, trying to get in... Remember, the ones inside the denominations never saw Him. It's the ones on the outside saw Him. They heard a knock, but they didn't see it. That's the way it is today. A man that cannot, that'll go around today saying, "Well, I never seen nothing about it. I went over there. I never seen nothing." See, he can't see it. He's all organized up so tight he can't see nothing. But if you can just ever get free enough to get outside to look Who's standing out there knocking, to see Who it is doing these things... You see what I mean? Get outside, outside. Don't be so organized, 'cause when you do, you can't see nothing. Only thing you can see is your denomination. But if you can get on the outside you'll see Jesus in all of His glory and His mercy, trying to get into His people. Oh, I look at Him standing there.

L-60 I was talking about Messiah, the Messiah, Messiahettes. They are the Light of the church today, the Light of the world. Jesus said to the disciples, "Ye are the light of the world." Now, you're a candle that sets on a hill, that--a light that can be seen from everywhere. We are the Light. If we are, we reflect His Messiah Light. The Messiah sign follows the--the Messiahettes the same as it followed the Messiah.

L-61 Here some time ago in your lovely church here, I believe I preached on the subject here, "As The Eagle Stirreth Her Nest," fluttereth over her young. I believe I preached on that down here, Brother Jack, or somewhere. Yeah, "Eagle Stirring Her Nest..." I like to watch the big eagle. You know that father eagle... You know, God called Himself an Eagle. Did you know that? He called His prophets eagles. Sure He did. He told it that... This eagle, Jacob, He found him in a--in a howling wilderness, and as the eagle stirred its nest... Now, we find out He calls Himself Eagle too, so He's Jehovah Eagle. And then He's got a bunch of eaglets: eaglets, like Messiahettes, eaglets. Now, I can see the big father eagle as he's walking around over the nest. He loves to look at his children. Oh, my. How he loves to look at them. How do they look? Look just like he does. They're not hybrid. They're not half buzzard and half crow and something else. They're eagles. Amen. That's what we are today. We're Methodists, Baptists, and Assemblies, and So-and-So, and So-and-So, buzzards, crows, and everything else, how can we be eaglets? How can we, when we see the sign of God moving among us and call it 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min something else? Hallelujah.

L-62 He likes to, because he knows that they are thoroughbred. They got his flesh, they got his blood, they got his spirit. Amen. How proud he looks over his eaglets, walking around. Amen. The little eaglets look at him and say, "How great thou art, how great thou art." Look at myself, oh, my. "Going to take a flight one of these days, ain't we, papa?" See? Oh, how he likes to look at them. They look like him. They act like him. They are his flesh, his blood, his spirit. Amen. That's the way God's church is, His Eaglets, His Messiahettes. They look like Him; they act like Him; they preach like Him; they do the works that He did. "The things that I do shall he also. More than this shall he do, 'cause I go to the Father." Amen. "These signs shall follow My eaglets." Amen "They'll do just as I do. If My Spirit's in them, then they'll do the works that I do. If they don't do the works I do, it's because that My Spirit's not in them."

L-63 What if He looked down at one of them little eagles, and the first thing you know he had a bill like a buzzard. He'd say, "Now, wait a minute here. There's something wrong." An old crow jumped up on the nest and began to say, "Caw, caw, caw. The days of miracles is past. Caw, caw, caw. There's no such a thing as Divine healing." Ha, I bet he'd just take his big paw and oust him right out. And he'd break his neck just as sure as the world. See? Yeah. "Oh, there's no... That's mental telepathy. There's no such a thing as them things in these days." You buzzard of the flesh, and that's dead flesh too. That's what the... God wants eaglets. He wants Messiahettes. He wants men and women who have signs and wonders, anointed ones. He wants a church that's filled with the Holy Ghost, a church reflecting Him the same yesterday, today, and forever. God didn't die. He just borned a Kingdom, got His Messiahettes in it. Amen. Every word He says, they say "amen" to it. That's right. Yes, sir. They look like Him, act like Him; they believe it, got the Conductor moving right on out with signs and wonders following. That's Messiah. Messiah lives tonight. He isn't dead. He's alive forevermore. You believe that? What did He say it would be? It shall be light in the evening time, The path to glory you will surely find; ( Is that right?) In that water way,... is the light today, Buried in the precious Name of Jesus. Young and old, repent of all your sins. The Holy Ghost will surely enter in; The evening Lights have come. It is a fact that God and Christ are one.

L-64 Man was made to be a god. God was made to be man. Oh, Messiah. The great Jehovah dwelt in a human body, made that body like His so He could be a human body, a Messiahette, to govern His earth and control it. Amen. "The works that I do, shall they do also." Oh, I like that. Jehovah walks back and forth over His throne, says, "Them's My eaglets. Yeah. They are flesh of My flesh, and bone of My bone. They're borned of My Spirit, and washed in My Blood." Amen "They're Mine. They're Mine. Anything I tell them, they believe it. Why? They're eagles. That's what they are. They're eagles, just the same as I'm an eagle. They're--they're little gods, where I'm big God. That's right. I'm Jehovah Papa. They're My children." There you are. So He promised these things to be taking place. Now, if we're children of His Kingdom, them signs should be making themself known among us. Is that right? Now, we can speak of it, and talk of it, and stay all night on it. But will it work? That's the next thing. That's the next thing. If it works, then it's true. God's Word promised in Saint John 14:12, "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he also." Is that right? I believe that, don't you? All right. Let's bow our heads just a moment now.

L-65 Father God, the hour of time has come. We realize that there's no way for us to--to find anything, no place to go now but only to Jesus. We are--we're at the end time. We see all these things taking place. We see our nation just at bankruptcy. We see our--our world at bankruptcy. We see Communism sweeping in, an ungodly spirit called the "iron curtain." We see one rising yonder in China called the "bamboo curtain." Then we see one rise called the purple curtain, 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min the Roman curtain, taking over the world. Now, Father God, we pray that You'll let us remember this: that these things are Your promises. You promised us these things in the evening time. We're so glad to see You making Your Word fulfilled in our lives. We pray, Father, that You'll cause a hunger and thirst. Now, these few words has been chopped up and set out. I pray that You'll make them known to the people's hearts, that they'll realize that God is a power. He's a power.

L-66 Christ was the Fullness of God. He was the anointed Jehovah. He was Jehovah-anointed body, Jesus of Nazareth. God was in Christ reconciling the world to Himself. And He died that He might sanctify these fallen human race, and bring them back to sons of God again, to be anointed ones, anointed with the Holy Spirit to go forth to reflect His Kingdom until He returned all the way through the seven church ages. And then at the last age, we find Him on the outside of His own church, trying to get back in. But He promised that He would send a Light in that day, and we have found it, Lord. We have found it, and see that it's a correct Conductor, because we hooked the Word that we believe with the God of heaven Who promised it; and find out that the current that performed the first signs comes right back again and performs the same Messiahic signs. Then, Father, we know that the Word that we call the Conductor is right, because It produces every promise. We thank You for it, Father. We pray that You'll save the--the unsaved, heal the sick, fill with the Holy Ghost those who desire it, and encourage Your church. While we further wait on You, Lord, in the healing service, we commit these people and all to You, in Jesus' Name. Amen.

L-67 What is it now? I watch the clock, and I don't want to keep you too long. We got to start early in the morning too. What did He promise? He promised that in the evening there would be Light. He promised. Can you see what I mean when I say Messiahettes? Raise up your hand if you do. If Messiah means "anointed," and He was the Messiah because He was anointed with the Fullness of God, then we are anointed too with the same Spirit. Now, you say, "If... How do you know you're anointed with the same Spirit?" Well, the same Life, the same things that He did... "He that believeth on Me, the works that I do shall he also." What did He say in Saint John 5:19? "Verily, verily, I say unto you, the Son can do nothing but what He sees the Father doing: that doeth the Son likewise." Any correct Messiahette would have the same Message. Is that right?

L-68 And remember, who was it received the baptism first, the Holy Ghost baptism? Jews. Who next? Samaritans. Last was the Gentiles (is that right?), 'cause they was brought in after the death, burial, and resurrection. And they didn't... Now, they received the Message all right. Now, notice, Ham, Shem, and Japheth's people... Now, Ham's people and Japheth's people was to see the... That's the tribes of the earth, the three tribes of the earth. Now, we see that the Jews received the Messiah sign by Jesus. The Samaritans received it by Jesus. But now, the last days... Now, the Gentiles didn't, because they wasn't looking for no Messiah. We were heathens in them days, our people, the Anglo-Saxon. We were heathens, worshipped idols. Moabites and whatevermore, Amorites and so forth, that--that was our people. Now. But now for two thousand years we've looked for a Messiah.

L-69 Now, how did He make Himself known back there? By sending Jesus and anointing Him with His own Spirit. And Jesus said, "If I do not the works of My Father, then believe Me not." Is that right? "If I do the works, you believe the works." Now... Because why? He didn't hook up with their organizations, their denominations. He stood out from all of them, bawled them out. And they say He tore up churches and everything. Could you expect His Spirit to do anything less when He comes again? He will do the same thing, 'cause it can't change. It's God. We can change. Our human selves can change, but God can't change. He has to be the same. He's infinite; we're finite. So He cannot change. So when He comes upon His church in the last days, what will it be? A pulled-out, a group of people anointed with the Spirit of God. They will be Messiahettes. See? They'll be anointed ones. And if His Spirit is in them, they'll do the things that He did, just exactly. Isn't that--isn't that right?

L-70 Then if you say... If you can take that, and connect the Word with the dynamo, then if the dyn... Then if the current 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min comes back saying it's right, you've got a connection. If you put up there and nothing happens, you got an insulator somewhere, got a broken line somewhere. See? But put it up against the dynamo; if the current comes through, then you got a straight conductor. You got a conductor. And if you want to believe it's so... I tell you how I received it. I come just the way the Bible said it. I never varied for any denomination. My own Baptist church put me out because I wouldn't ordain a woman preacher. It's not Scriptural, and it's not right. And I said, "You might as well put me out, 'cause you have to sooner or later. So I'll just walk out before you do do it." All right.

L-71 Then I--then when it comes to a lot of these stuff today, I... When I was just a boy, before I ever heard of Oneness, Twoness, three Gods, four Gods, ever what they got, I believed there was one God, and I believed that His Name was Jesus. And I was baptized in the Name of Jesus Christ by a Missionary Baptist preacher, 'cause I asked him to do it. I've preached it ever since. There's no Scripture in the Bible... You bring me one Scripture where anybody was ever baptized in any other... Show me one place in the Bible where anybody was ever baptized using the titles of Father, Son, Holy Ghost. Or read the history and tell me, until the Catholic churches was organized, anybody was ever baptized in the Name of Father, Son, Holy Ghost, then I'll walk out of the pulpit. It's a Catholic creed, and every man or woman baptized that way is not baptized into the church of the living God. They're baptized into the Catholic church. That's their creed. Show me in the Scriptures; show me by history, anything outside the Catholic church ever did it. And Luther brought it out and Wesley after him. Here we come down in this. Each one of them churches, down to that, said, "He's not denied My Name." But when it come out over that Thyatira Church Age, He said, "You got a name. You got a name that you're alive; but you're dead." That's it.

L-72 I don't mean that the water baptism in Jesus' Name saves you, but that's correct Christian baptism. You're saved by faith (That's right.) through Christ. That's right. But that's correct baptism. That's the way you shall be baptized (exactly), the way you must be to keep in Bible order. You must be baptized that way. Then when you have received the Holy Ghost and the power of God comes upon you, then you'll do the very same things that Jesus did, 'cause it's His Spirit in you. If there's not, there's something wrong. That's right. Oh, glory. I feel like I could almost speak in tongues now myself.

L-73 You know, the first time I ever spoke in tongues I was in a Baptist church, preaching. I was standing upon a platform preaching as hard as I could and jumped plumb out in the middle of the aisle. And I said some words in unknown tongues, not knowing what I said, looked around, and all the congregation stretched their necks and looked around. And something said back through me, "I'm the--the wilder--a rock in a weary land, a shelter in the time of storm." And first time I ever spoke in tongues. And, my. I knowed there was something real about it somewhere. I didn't know, but I kept on till I found it, just kept on going, sold everything, and bought that great Pearl. My, I don't care... If the Bible says... I--I believe It. I don't care how many organizations, how many says this, that, or the other. It's God's Word, and It's the truth, and I stay right with It. That's all. And the only way you're ever going to do it, is stay word by word with the Bible.

L-74 I was preaching the other night on them four living creatures, trying to... And they were--they were not beasts, because the words in... They're living creatures. In Hebrew--in Revelations, 4th chapter, the--the word translated is "zoon: z-o-o-n" which means "living creatures." In Revelation 11 and Revelation 17 that's another name altogether, and it means--it means a "wild untamed beast." But this was living creatures. What they were, they were cherubims, like was at the gate guarding the holy place. We see them in Ezekiel the 1st chapter, when the amber Light of God, and the rainbow was there, and the glory of God. Which we got a picture of It, the same way that they saw It there. We had a picture taken of It. And there It was, right in the building. Taken a picture of the Light (right), just exactly the way Ezekiel saw It. Ezekiel 1:26 to 28 shows you the picture of It, just like he saw the glory of God.

L-75 Now, you see, that eye of the camera can sometimes see the thing that the human eye can't see. That's right. They seen It when humans don't see it. But we just become so chugged up, our light meters. Where they ought to be holy 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min Light meters, they're chugged up so with foolishness, and denominations, and things, we can't see no farther than our nose, or some--like that. We don't see those things out there. And the Holy Spirit is here today. He's just the same yesterday, today, and forever, the same Power, the same signs, the same wonders, the same God, the same baptism, the same Holy Ghost, the same thing. Everything's the same, because He can't change. Amen.

L-76 All right. Now, I believe he said give prayer cards A's. Is that right? Prayer card... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] You believe it out there, church? That check has to be endorsed right, or they'll return it back. Plainly, not guess work, but really know what--what it is... Now, fill it out. And now, He has already... Now, let's take a sick person. Somebody raise up your hand that's sick. That's--that's...

L-77 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... will never put foot on this earth until the church is gone. How many knows that? "We which are alive and remain shall not prevent or hinder them which are asleep. Trumpet of God shall sound; we'll rise and be caught up to meet Him in the air." That's right. Then He returns back to make Hisself known to--to--like Joseph did to his brethren, the hundred and forty-four thousand. But the church is raptured, and gone in. Remember, when Joseph made hisself known to his brethren, his wife and all of them was in the palace, no Gentiles around. He dismissed them all. And so they are--the church age dismisses at the 3rd chapter. John was caught up, representing the church. And from there to the 19th, she's not--or, doesn't appear again till she comes to be wed with her Bridegroom. Now, it's the going of the Jews from the 4th on in, the outcome of the Jews.

L-78 Now, if Christ comes and shows Hisself alive tonight... Now, if I have said right, if I have said right that He was Messiah, and the believers... That means He's the "anointed One," and we have His anointing. Won't the same anointing perform the same thing each time? [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]

L-79 I love you. Brother, it's--it's going to be too late to talk to you like that at the judgment, when you're left. I want you to be ready. We're--we're... I don't know when He's coming. But if He comes tonight, I want to be ready. If He don't come till next week, I want to be ready then. So I want to be ready when... And if I sleep, that won't hinder me. I'll rise anyhow. See? But while I'm here I want every ounce of me to count for Him, and I--I want yours to do that too. Now, this lady here, I don't know her. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... do the same thing that was done in Sodom. How many believes that now with all your heart? All right. Now, I believe... Now, remember, so that you won't get the human part into it, God only works through man. How many knows that? Man is God's... That's the reason Jesus was God. That's... God just worked through a Man (Is that right?), reconciling the world to Himself. Now, He was Messiah. Then you and I become Messiahettes or little Messiahs because we're anointed with the same Spirit. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... a grammar school education, and I--I don't know nothing. Only thing I know, I'm saved. That's all know. I know Jesus Christ is the Son of God. He's my Saviour. I believe Him. I believe He was God made manifest in flesh. I believe He died, rose again, and come back in the form of the Holy Spirit to anoint the church. I believe every Word of that Bible is the truth. God, give me faith to make it answer. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... I've seen happen since I left you all, just around, maybe twenty, thirty calls a day at different places, and there at home. It would make some mighty fine books. It sure would. But we don't say nothing about it, just now and then to the church. We don't broadcast it out. Jesus said, "Tell no one." See? This is for the church. It's for the believers. See? Now, if you're a believer, now you see if the Holy Spirit will move. And if It will, how many of you will believe with all your heart? If It'll do the very same thing It did when It was on a Man called Jesus of Nazareth, you'll believe that the--that Messiahettes is truth.

L-80 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... brother, but it's His Spirit. I'm a sinner, but it's His Spirit that has to work through somewhere. He's got to have somebody to work through. See? Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. Is that right? He had his ups-and-downs. His temper got up, and his indignation. He's just like I was or you are. But he prayed earnestly. He was a prophet. He prayed earnestly and shut the heavens, walked right up and said, "Rain or dew 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min will not fall till I call for it." He had an answer. That's the reason I'm standing here tonight before this woman. God promised, and I believe God.

L-81 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... seen in the vision. How many heard me tell that before I even went to Finland? Look here at the hands. Brother Jack was standing right there when it happened--a little boy killed just exactly...?... just exactly the way we wrote down in the fly leaf of our Bible. There he come back to life, the little spirit gone out--the land of the dead; God called it back. See, a mental power of a man can crack a glass, a sinner is made up to be that... Let God come in there, he can go back and bring the dead back. See, it's His promise. First you find the will of God; then do it. But say, "It ain't God's will in every..." It is God's will. We done seen it done. I've seen it done about five different times, and I know it's true.

L-82 Now, here's the same thing in an amateur way like Jesus did: speak to the woman. Day before yesterday there was a man come up to my house and stood there, and he said... I started out the gate. I was going to send him over to the office to Brother Mercier and them. He said, "Brother Branham?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Could you help me?" I said, "Well, if you'll go..." Something said, "Take him in the house." Just as soon as he set down, I said, "Don't tell me who you are. I'll tell you." Started off like that, and told him all... The Holy Spirit begin to reveal to me, all of his life. He said, "That's right. That's right." He said, "Sir, that's right." I said, "Your... You don't live here; you live in Madison. You've been down at Evansville, Indiana, and got in a bunch of a cult down there, didn't you?" "Yeah." "Bible school, he thought it was." He said, "Mercy goodness, man. How do you know that?" And so when we--he went out, he said, "Say, I don't understand that."

L-83 And I said, "Was you ever in one of my meetings?" He said, "I never knowed your name till just about five... about twenty-five minutes ago. Some man told me when I was passing through Louisville, to come over here; a man named Mr. Sandy." Said, "I never knowed your name." I said, "Well, well, that's my ministry." He said, "If I understand it right, Jesus was talking to His disciples and knowed what was in their heart." "That's right." He said, "Then that's God speaking through you to me." I said, "Boy, you know more about it than a lot of them's followed the meetings for a long time. That's right." He said, "Well, praise God, it's all finished now then." There you are. Boy just flew in from England: same thing. Now, here it is, begin at the Tabernacle. This is about forty-eight years of it. He's God isn't He, sister? [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... elderly person, old, real old lady. It's your mother. She's got something wrong with her ear, and she's got complications too. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... you got in your hand here? All right, you take that and lay it on her. You believe you're healed now? Let me put hands on you. Father God, I lay hands upon her in the Name of Jesus Christ. May these things come to pass. We ask for God's sake in Jesus' Name.

L-84 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... You believed that I'd come back so she can come up... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... you had something wrong in the head, like a migraine headache. Right. It run you into a nervous breakdown. Now, you're suffering with weakness. Just seems like it--seem like taking a string and pulling it till all the threads is about broke and that...?... You'll be all right. Inez...

L-85 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... Setting there praying, lady with her arms folded, got trouble with your lungs. That's right. I kept seeing two women. I wonder where the other one's at. All right, you touched Him. Raise up your hands 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min and say, "I accept my healing, Lord." Go and be well. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... there, too, got ear trouble. If he will just believe with all his heart... Yeah. All right, receive your healing. Go... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... aren't you, sister? Got a bad stomach, haven't you? That's what your nervousness did, made you have a stomach trouble. You say, "Brother Branham, you--you guessed nervousness. By being nervous, you thought I had stomach trouble." Somebody thought that. Wasn't her. Somebody did. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... that I guessed it. Would you like God to heal your sister-in-law too? You would? You believe He'd tell me what's wrong with her? Diabetes. Now, go and believe.

L-86 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... Messiah moving among us. He's in you out there also. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... your daughter, both suffering with thyroid trouble. If you believe with all your heart, Jesus Christ will make you well. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... bad fixes, bedridden. I tell you; the thing you need is Christ in your heart. See? You need to be a Christian, accept Christ as your Saviour. That's a lot of confidence in a sinner, to walk up and get the gift like that, to have mercy on her mother. No doubt but what God will. Believe Him right now for your salvation...?... There you are.

L-87 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... what your trouble is? [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... sitting right back there, kind of--with a yellow jacket on. That's it. I seen her appear before me, and I seen that Light hanging here, and then looked down again there. All right, He healed you then, sister, it's all over. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... over your mouth, looking at me, saying, "Praise the Lord," like that. You've got trouble with your mouth and with your face. Isn't that right? If that's right, raise up your hand. All right, Jesus makes you well. Go home and believe it. Isn't He wonderful? He's the Lord... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... Believe He will make it well? Little grandson, got a growth on top of his head. Mrs. Pierson, go, believe with all your heart.

L-88 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... You are the Lord Jesus. We love You. We know Your Anointing is here. Why, it's just everywhere, Lord. I pray that the people will receive You just now as their Saviour and as their Healer. Grant it, Lord, through Jesus' Name. Have your heads bowed just a minute.

L-89 ...?... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Been awhile ago... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... the prayer line. Prayer line's coming on. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... Now, come kneel down here for just a minute, will you? If you believe in the Messiah, believe that Jesus died and rose again, come here and stand right here before me, here at the altar just a moment, and pray. God bless you, sir. Rest of you now, you that want to accept Christ as your Saviour, and... come right on up here now. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... Come, sinner friend. Come, come to Christ now, the only hope, the only chance. The evening Lights are shining. Come, while it's day, while you can come. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... they're all sinking. They're gone. The day is finished; the night's far spent. The evening's far... The day's far spent; night's going on. Even the evening Star is shedding forth its Light. Why, twilight, the danger time... Don't stay in your seat. Come up here, you without Christ, you that wants to know Him as your Saviour. Come up here and kneel down while He's healing the sick people. He heals both soul and body. Pray, you people that's got the Holy Ghost, while these sinners are sobbing here at the altar. Pray, "May God help you." [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... have faith... A young lady like you, and nervous, you believe He will heal that nervousness? You've had it all your life. You believe He will make you well? Let me just lay my hands on you. I believe the Holy Ghost is here. I believe the anointing is. O, Jesus, this poor young girl, bound with this devil of oppression. Come out of her, Satan. I adjure thee by the Living God to leave her... You can't keep her any longer. Depart from her. You're going to be well now. Go, believe with all your heart. 61-0117, The Messiah, Life Tabernacle, Shreveport, LA, 105 min [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] Do you believe that God will heal your heart and make you well? I lay my hands upon my sister in the Name of Jesus Christ for her to be healed. In Jesus' Name I ask it. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] I lay my hands upon sister in the Name of Jesus Christ. May she be healed. Amen.

L-90 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... believers in here? Oh, fine. Now. while I'm--while I'm praying for... How many wants to be prayed for? Raise up your hand. All right. Now, why don't you lay your hands on one another, while I'm praying here. Just lay your... You're believers. The Holy... You're--you're just as much a Messiahette as anyone else is if you're a believer. Is that right? "These signs shall follow" what? "Them," t-h-e-m, plural, "that believe." Is that right? "If they lay their--their--their hands on the sick, they shall recover." Is that right? All right, just bow your heads and be praying for one another now, while I'm praying for...

L-91 [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... in the church. Where is Brother L.C.? Why, you certainly lost a lot of weight from when I seen you several years ago. I ate at your house one day. I don't--I don't know what you're here for. You know that. But it might help you if I just talk to you a minute. Would it? 'Cause I know you so well, it might help you if I talked to you...?... I knowed you... [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... L.C. and I around with that catfish you cooked for me...?... I appreciated it. Got--got your spirit now. You know something taken place then. I caught your spirit. You've had a lot of trouble. You've been in the hospital or something. You been... See? That's right. You've got complications--just broke down and nervous, and trouble with your ears and then... That's right. Real nervous and broke down. Do you believe I can take it all away by the Name of Jesus Christ? Come here. Thou devil that tries to hold this godly woman, I challenge thee in the Name of Jesus Christ, depart from her. I set her free in the Name of Jesus Christ. It's finished, friend. Go home and be well...?...

L-92 You realize with that cancer you'd die if God doesn't heal you? Do you believe He will make you well? I lay hands upon this woman and challenge this devil in Jesus' Name to come from her. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.] I lay hands upon this woman and challenge this devil. In the Name of Jesus Christ, come out of her. Amen. That does it. That makes it right. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]...?... awhile ago... Something just happened to you, didn't it? You was standing there, and you got all thrilled about it, didn't you?...?... Take Him back with you. Amen. [Blank.spot.on.tape--Ed.]... bad. But God's the Healer of it, isn't He? In Jesus Christ Name may it leave her and she be well.

L-93 [Congregation repeats after Brother Branham--Ed.]: Jesus, I believe You are the Son of God. I believe You are the Messiah. I believe You rule in Your Kingdom, which I am a part by my faith in Your finished work. You made us this promise, that, "these signs shall follow them that believe: if they lay their hands on the sick, they shall recover." I am a believer; forgive my unbelief. A believer has their hands on me. I am praying for that believer; that believer is praying for me. I accept my healing on the basis of Your Word. I can feel Him near as Conductor, moving down the Word to make me well. Now, Satan, I challenge you...?... in Jesus Christ's Name to come out them...?... Stand to your feet now. Accept your healing. Praise God with all your heart. Glory, hallelujah. Praise be to...?... Courtesy of Living Word Broadcast P. O. Box 4951 Naperville, IL 60567 USA Email: thevoice1017@lwbcast.org http://www.lwbcast.org/ Jesus Christ The Same Yesterday, Today, And Forever
